618
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays on
the Jnotion to adjourn.   Ordered
Ktr. WISE appealed to tae House to allow the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McKennan]
to make a statement
Mr. McKENNAN then made a few remark-!,
the purport of which was to request the gentleman
from New York to withdraw or waive the resolu-
tion which he had submitted for taking the bill out
of committee m halt an hour. It would be almost
impracticable to do that to-day.
Mr. FILLMORE disclaimed all intention of
taking advantage of the rising of the committee, to
offer his resolution, and acceded to the request of
his friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. McKennan]
to waive its consideration to-day.
Mr. McKENNAN said he would state, in jus-
tice to the gentleman near him, [Mr. Gilmer,]
who was entitled to the floor m committee, that
the resis'anee to the motion to adjourn was not for
the accommodation of that gentleman, who was pre
pared, when the motion that the committee should
rise was made, lo go on with his remarks
All difficulty having been thus settled, the mo-
tion for the ye« and nays on the adjournment was
withdrawn, and the House adjourned at half past
4 o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturda?, June 11, 1842.
Mr. CTJSHING asked leave of the House to
submit a resolution of inquiry, on a subject oí
great interest to many persons, at whose instance
he offered the resolution
No objection being made, the resolution was
read and adopted, as follows •                              __
Resolved, That the Piesulent of tile Umled States be re
quested to communicate to tins House (if, in hisjudgment, the
same be compatible with the public nitt test) tht, reporto! the
commisstoneison the pauof tlie United States, mi If i the tato
convention between the United Mate  and the Mexican Repub
lie, also, a particuldr*sLaLemem ot the condition of the claims
pieferred by citizens if ihe United ¡states on the Government of
the Mexican Republic foi which the inteiposition oí the Gov
eminent ol the United States has been invoked, and which aio
not yet satisfied                                                              ~^.
Mr. GO WEN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the Ssnate bill for the relief of Daniel
Kleis-s, without amendment.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Mtan-., reported a bill for the relief
of David Walkitison and Co , ot Connecticut,
which was read twice, and committed to iho Com-
mittee of the Whole House
Mr. FILLMORE inquired what was the order
of to-day's business.
The SPEAKER replied that there was a special
order tor to-day, lunvly, a bill to confirm certain
land claims m Lou siana.
The Clerk read the bill at length.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON addresved the House at
great length on the men's ol the claim.
In the course of his remarks, he gave way for
the reception of a message from the Senat .
Asboby Dickins, esq , appeared before the bar
with a message from the Stnate, and announced
that the Senate had passed the apportionment bill,
with amendments, which he returned to the House.
Mr BIDLACK rose, and obtained the permis-
sion ot the gentleman who was entitled to the floor,
[Mr Cawb Johnson,] tj make a suggestion. He
observed ¡bat tne Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania was nowia evtia sea ion, for the purpose
of apportioning tre Slate ur.ckr the late census,
and he therefore earnestly u'ged ok the Hou e ihe
propriety of proceeiing at once to thj ccnsideia-
tion oí the amendments which the Senate had made
to the bill.
The suggestion oí the honorable gentleman not
being acop ed, h- gave notice that, under the pe-
culiar circumstances, he and his colleagues would
feel it to be their duty to urge action on the subject
as soon as any one cl them ceuld oltam the floor
for the purpose.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then resumed hts re-
marks on the special order under consideiation.
Mr. MOORE sustained the claim, in reply to Mr.
JOHNSON.
Messrs. COOPER of Pennsylvania and CAVE
JOHNSON briefly replied; and were followed by
Mt. WHITE of Louisiana, in fovor of the ciaim-
aw^tóttsr which,
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved ihe pre
vious question, whic  was seconded, and the mam
question was ordered.
The mam question being on concurring with the
amendments made m Committee of the Whole,
was carried, and then,                                „„««,
After some remarks from Mr. C. JOHNSON,
in reply to Mr. WHITE, the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the pre-
vious question, under the operation of whica the
bill was passed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
i            Monday, June 13, 1842
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, returning, with amendments, Senate
bill confirming certain land claims in Louisiana;
which amendments were read, and, with the bill,
recommitted to the Commiitee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WOODBURY presented to the Senate the
credentials of the Hon Leonard Wilcox, who
had been elected l y the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire to fill the unexpired term of the Hon. Frank-
lin Pierce, resigned
Mr. KING suggested that, notwithstanding the
honorable Senator had heretofore qualified under
the appointment by the Governor, it would be ne-
cessary tor him to qualify again.
Mr. Wilcox was accordingly again qualified,
and took hi^ seat.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Philadelphia, from a large number of persons en-
gaged in, and connected with, the several branffhes
¡1 o> printing and publishing, suggesting  the proper
I mode o'imposing a tariff on  ihe  importation  of
'. foreign books and other publications    The memo-
ji paints are unanimously opposed to the passage of
I an international copy-right law, and ihe memorial
(1 contained a brief and conclusive argument against
tne passage of any such law.    Mr. B said he was
happy to learn that the Committee on the Judiciary
were also unanimous against  the adoption of an
international copyright law
On motion of Mr. B , so much of the memorial
as related to the tariff was referred to the Commit
tee on Manufactures, and that portón relating to
the copyright was referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee."
Mr. B. also presented sixteen other memo-
rials, all very numerously signed, by practical
tailors of the county and city of Philadelphia,
representing that since the passage of the com-
promise act of 1833, and the tariff act of 1841,
ihe oomoetition on (from the importation of) ready-
made clithmg 'hadi greatly met eased, "o much so,
as to utteily destroy that business in this country.
The memorahats represent that a specific duty of
lift} per cent, and nothing less, w 11 protect them
against f< reign competition referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. B also presented four memorials from
Pennsylvania, and he confessed he was at a loss
to know * hat would be the proper committee to
which lo refer them The memorialists sta'ed
that there wa  not sufficient currency in the cou l-
try, in order to conduct its business. They sup-
posed that enough specie for that purpose did not
exist in the world, or even upon .vhich to form a
basis Tnev, therefore, to attain the desideratum
ot a sound and adequate cutreticj, suggested a
Government issue of $200 000,000 of stock, based
on tli? public lands, to be divided in such propor-
•iun as was suggested by them, among the several
States and Territories, and, in order to secure full
confidence, they recommend an unconditional
pledge cf the proceeds of the public lands for t>e
tegular redemption of the stock; and a tariff of
duties, suth <a^ would, after paying expenses of
Government, leave sufficient to pay the interest on
this ^tock. Tne memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from a
large number of inhabitants of the county of
Montgomery, in the State of Pennsylvania, com-
plaint g of tne operations of the compromise act,
and praying that such a tariff might be established
as would give protection to home industry; which
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the House bill providing for refund-
ing money paid by Charles H. Atherton, for cer-
tain lands, which caanot be located, and it was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial nu-
merousty signed by citizens ef Venango county,
Pennsylvania, stating that a large number of the
officers and soldiers who served under General
Wayne, during the late war, are now living, and
have never received from the Government ade«
quale compensation for their services. They,
therefore, pray that the Government may not be
unmindful of t£em: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.       
Mr. B. alsi presented a memorial from a num-
ber of cilizetfs of Montgomery county^ Pennsylva-
nia, in. favof of a protective tariff- referred to the
Comniiftee in Manufactures.
florIdaiarmed'occupation AND SET-
I     TLEMENT BILL.
On nfotijn of Mr. BENTON, the bill to provide
for the ardied occupation and settlement of the un-
settled pa|t of the peninsula of East Florida, was
taken up?as m committee of the whole; and, hav-
ing been read—
Mr. BENTON said the principle of this bill haS
several times received the sanction of the Senate;
similar bills having several times passed the Sen-
ate within the last three years. It was now recom-
mended by the President and Secretary of War;
and with the more reason, as the number of In-
dians in the peninsula of Florida was greatly re-
duced, and the troops partly withdrawn. There
were not Indians enough in the Territory to justify
military operations But there were too many to
justify settlements by cultivators and otkers, until
inducements were held out to them sufficient to jus-
tify people to incur the risk and the privations in-
cident to such settlement. The bill proposed these
inducements—namely, a quarter section of land,
subs'atence for one year, and arms and ammuni-
tion for such as should need them. Mr B said
that the necessity for the bill was becoming more
and more urgent. Since the delivery of the Presi-
dent's message, and since this bill had been brought
into Ihe Senate, the massacre of families had re-
commenced with great ferocity, and the condition
of the people called loudly for the sympathy of the
country, and the aid oí Congress. Mr B. then
read from Florida paperv an account of these re-
cent massacres, as follows:
"St Algustine, May 19
"On Siturday, the Uth instant, two worthy young men,
their names Littlebury and William \ an Zaudt, were killed by
Indians at the Long Hammock, not fit from the natural bi idge
ofthe&antafeo Ibiaham Osteen was in company, and nar-
rowly escaped with his life, having had his gun hit by a rifie
ball from the Indians
' On hunday moinmg, the same party of Indians made their
appearance amongst the settlements on or near the Santafee,
seven 01 eight miles from the place, and attacked Moses Ca-
non's family while they weie at the cow pen, killed Mis Cason
andan infant child,and sevecly wounded Mr Cason and one
other child, plundered and burnt their house, and also the
house of the widow Douglass, who fortunately escaped with
hei chlldien a few minutes before her house was ¡n flames
The Indians pioceeded on their course m an easterly direction;
an I, on the same day, when neai the Mineral Spring , (Wash-
ington s,) they ambuscaded a party of five men and fired on
them, wounding Ml R Staflbid dangerously The same night
th y attacked the house of Absalom Snowden, near Staffoid's
Mill, on the Santa'ee, killed Mr Snowden and his three chil-
dien and wounded Mrs Snowden, and left her for dead lam
happy to say that she is still alive, although with six wounds,
and hopes are entertained of her recovery The house was
plundered and burnt Mis Snowden, who was found next
morning states that the Indians attacked the house, shot her
husband, took the chlldien, with herself, to a short distance mio
the woods, and theie deliberately murdered her three children
before her eyes, they weiestiot with arrows tshe was then,
although begging fot her life, shot with a rifle and with arrows,
and stabbed in several places, and left for dead An arrow hag
been taken fiom her, and another from one of her children, they
aie bo h barbed with iron or steel, something m the form of a'
liaipoon, and were shot with such force as to go through the
body of Mrs Snowden A small party of five men were at the
mill, distant half a mile from Snowden's, who heard the rifles
and yells of the Indians, and the screams and cries for mercy of
Siis Snowden, but to go to their assistance was almost certain
death, with their small force The lord at the cieek was way-
laid by the Indians, and they had gone to their assistance, it is
altogether probable the whole would have perished
"The dragoon*, and Captain Sewcll's company of infantry,
andsome citizens, in separate parties, hunted for them on Tues-
day, and discovered that they had gone from this neighborhood
After an unsuccessful search of three days or more, the scouts
returned, except tho dragoons, who are now in pursuit.   The
