#23
ttse question on the motion was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 10!, nays 72
The roll having been called, it was ascertained
that 188 members answered to their names.
The absentees were then called, when it appeared
that 196 members were .present.
On motion by Mr. B1DLACK, all further pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with—ayes
82, noes 54, and
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Cooper of Georgia, to lay the bill on the table, and
decided in the negative—yeas 65, nays 135
Mr HOLMES addressed the House in favor of
a small ratio of representation. He contended
that members m the House would be the best guard-
ians to the rights and liberties of the people, and
the democratic principle He thought the num-
bers of the House should not be reduced in an in-
verse ratio to the numbers of the people By put-
ting three or four hundred members in ihf> House,
each one would feel himself responsible, ps repre-
senting the interests of the whole country. He
was unwilling, tor the sake of adding respectabil-
ity, to destroy the efficiency oí the deraocratic prin-
ciple.
Mr. McKAY said he had a few remarks to make
upon*one point. He thought the gentleman fr m
Massachus tts [Mr AdamsJ had taken an extraor-
dinary position in relation to the Senate. That
body was a constituent branch of the legislative
department of the Government It had equal rights
on all subjects brought before the two Houses
He referred to the fact that in the first Congress
three bills, apportioning the States, wtrp passed.
The first was vetoed by General Washington.
The second failed,owing to a disagreement between
the two Houses, and it was not until a third bill was
introduced, that the subject wat finally disposed of.
In 1811 -'12, the third apportionment of the S ates
was passed If tr.e argument adduced here—that a
high ratio was disadvantageous to ihe House—was
true, then the po ition of the two bodies was re-
ver ed no-v from what it was then In 1«12- the
House passed a bill fixing the ntio at 37,000.
Whit did the Señale—this aristocratic body—do
then? Did it raise ihe standard' Then, it was ihe
question of the rights of the people, according to
ths argument of the gentleman, font brought down
the ratio to 35 000, and actually ineteased the
number of the Hou e The flouse fixed ihe ratio
at 37,000, which ihe Senate reduced to 35 000
When the amendment oí Ihe Senate came to ihe
House for eoncuifnce, it was rejected—ayes 65,
noes 64—the Speaker voting in the n"gative, and
making 65 nays. A conference committee was
appointed, with Mr. Randolph at its head, but it
failed to agree. Shortly afterwards, however, the
House determined to recede from its di-a reement
to the S°na e's amendment by a vote of 72 to 69
Here was an occasion when the Senate was the
guardian of democracy. He did concur with
those who thought the Senate should not interfere
upon a bill like the present. It had a right, equal
to that possessed by the House and tne President,
to participate in t.ie legislation upon it.
The Hou¡-e of Representatives was., in his opm-
lOB, too largi-, ard should be reduced At present,
there were about 4 500 legisla ors annually m ser-
vice in this country. Th re was a l°sislatt r for
every 350 men able to bear arms H* liiought
that enough, and hereforc he should vjte xoi a
la/ge r^tio rf represen a ion in 'he ÍI  u e.
Mr UNDERWOOD replw 1 to s. -ne of die re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [ Vir
Adaws ] He (Mr U ) had reason  o to derao
CMtic in his feeling , for he hai atta ned some lis
unction among his fe'lcv-men, and lnd arisen
from very humb e origin If, however, advocacy
of a h'gh rat'O was a ground for tbp chaige of arts
tocracy, he was 1 able. O ir Government, he mm i-
tamed, wai founled upon the prmeip e oF trusts,,
and the delega ion of po v*>r to agpit- All that
was required was a surlio ent nu no^i of Repre-
sentatives to understand the wisri 5, 0 the people.
He thought that one man might easily asceita n
the feelings of a very ¡a ge n mber of people. He
refeuedto the practice in hiso'vnSia'e, of cteehis-
«% the candidates, and drawing out their opinions
«s&'aateisBig the people on the stump.   An m-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
telligent man, he believed, could represent 200 000
persons as well zs 50,000 This was his democ-
racy, and in it he had economy. He thought a
small number would be sufficient to do all. the busi-
ness, and even the minor matters, Hut came up
before Congress.
After paying a compliment to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,] he proceeded to
notice a charge made by that gentleman, that he
had ma-te am jvement encroaching on the power of
the Executive.
Mr. ADAMS explained. He believed the heart
of the gentleman was as purs as possible, but be
thought he had mistal-en the practical <ft>et of the
resolution he offered. The gentleman, m bis theo-
ries, had introduced a resohjf in which encroac! ed
on the power of the Executive. He (Mr A.) sup-
posed the gentleman did not see the chain between
the precedent and its consequencs.
Mr UNDERWOOD briefly explained th  rea-
sons for the movemsnt he had made The Execu
tjve had sent various reports to the liaise (<n re-
lation to the New York cu torn hou>e ) an 1 .vh n
a motion was made to pr!nt these leport , he
wished to expre>s the sense of the House that the
Executive rpd appointed the commission without
authority of law. This he thoush' he had aright
to do, without subjecting himself to the charge of
encroaoh'ng on the powers of the Eite3utive   "
He replied to the argument in relation to <he
right of the Senate to alter the apportionment bi'l,
and the chaige that the Senate was composed too
much of Presidential aspirants who wished to or-
ganize the House so as to suit their purposes If
such was the fac, he thought th°y would have
found it be'ter policy to have made a lcrg> House,
which would be more powerful m seconding th"ir
aspirations The House might now sgree or di«a-
^ree to the amendment 0f ih? Senate, but he
thojght, in case of a disagreement, the House
would probably go to the wall.
Mr. BOWNE sa>d that he wou'dnAt d ny the
power of the Senate to d ffer with the House upon
any subject wh eh it «hould send to them Tint
body wis indub tably a co ordmate branch of the
Government, and had as much power m relation to
the subject under disrussmn as had the Hojse. Bat
he wou'd subm't to the House whether ih«re were
not subjects upm which, ou of common coartesy
at le 1st, the Senate should defer to the expressed
opinions an 1 wishes of th  House, and more espe-
cially upon l'ie question then under consijprau.n
Oi iubpets relatirg to the constitution of ill's bod},
we (said Mr B ,) are the immediate Represent-
atives ot ihe p'ople, at d recently elected and sent
here for t> p puipose of reflecting back t icir w !',
and I would submit to g-^ntlemm whether we are
not at least supposed to understand more di-
rec 1/ Ihe wsnts and wish s of the people, than
the members of the S nate He wo dd re-
mark again, m r lation to the organization of
th- Hous°, that its members were the 11am dia'e
representatives of the people themselves wn le th 
members cf the Senate were the representatives of
the ota ee. Now, while th s b II was undpr di cu -
sion, the very ratio which thp Senate h^s adop'ed
was rejected by a tarsrs majority. Toe Represent-
atives of the people have said to IheSenite: Tne
peoole do not want a ratio of 70,600 they want a
ratio of 50 0O0, ortherethcuts. Again-0 heram°nd-
men s weie piopo p 1 by tne Senate—ot e ot wn-^h
(ih^t for the representation 01 fractions) was pro-
posed lie helifverljby the gemleman from Vermont,
["Vir. H/i r"tt,] at I voted down.
[Mr Eve-tErr hTfnui some remar'?, which
the repeler cjaldnnt he r ]
At any rWr, (Mr B. continued,) thn IT->uce
ha' said, by fira« upon a ritió of fifty thott-
cand, that snrh wis the ra 10 of represen-
tation that the people desired. Now, he sub-
mitted ocam w ifther it would not have been at
least courteous o. ihe p-rt of to.--S">nat<  to ha^e
deferred to the judgment of the Hou^, m 0. roa*-
teraft-efing its own orean'zation, and not to have
inserted a ratio that was so de\berat~ly rejected
But, above all, if th y inrendel tod.sagiee with the
House, thev might have djne ¡> ¡n a courteous
manner H> submitted tba> there was no neces-
sity for *his House to be told that they were not to
be enlarged, because they were a disorderly inef-
ficient bod>; that they were growing into disrepute
with the public; and to lecture them as if they were a,
set of schoolboys, coming here to learn the first
rudiments of p ditical 'cience. For one, he would
have been disposed to have so far yielded as to put
the ratio up to 60,000, if it had not been for the
manner in which the other body treated the House on
this occasion. Now, be would say to 'he gentle-
man Massachusetts, and the gentleman from Ma-
r} land, that be would adhere to the last moment
to the ratio fixed by the House. Again: it was
avowed in the Senate that it would not do to amend
another section ot ihe bill, because it would not be
safe to trust it back <o the House amended.
They could («aid Mi. B ) reject our bill when it
suited them—they could insert a ratio to suit them-
selves, without regarding the feelings and opinions
of ihe House ; but when an important principle is
to be discussed, then this House 11111 t not be trusted
with an amendment. We have been told, (said
Mr, B ) that this House is disorderly. He agreed
with the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
that, generally speaking, the House was a very or-
derly body, but (bat, now and then, there might be
occasions m which someihirg like confusion and
tumult might be seen But reducing the size of the
body would not mend the matter, reduce it to as
low a number asa hundred, the same scenes would „
occasionally occur. So long as human na ure re-
mained, members would, sometim s, in the heat
and excitement of debate, incautiously give
vent to expressions which were horsh and im-
proper, but this would be only momen'ary, and
a little time for refl cion would restore them to a
sense of propriety. The House did not deserve
the imputa'ions that had been cast upon it in the
public journals, and in th  He discussions in the
Senate. Now, ¿is to the ratio of representation. His
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] thought
that one mdiv,dual could just as well represent
200,000 men, as one individual The genlieman
went on the grojnd, that the Representative is ths
agent of his constituents, and it mattered not how
many principals there were. Now, (said Mr. B )
the principle 1 es here : We represent the people
themselves; and, ot the ptmc pies of democracy,
the nearei you approach the great mass of the peo-
ple, the more you carry out these principles. Take
thecas-e is stated by the gentleman himself. He
represents 50,000 constituents , and, living m a
small district, he is acquainted with nearly every
individual of them, and knows their business and
thpir wants. Not so when he becomes the Repre-
sentative of a constituency spread over a hundred
miles square, not one half oí whjm, when they go
to the polls to vote for him, know htm, exept as
the candidate mentioned in the newspapers. The
gentleman said that in Kentucky the candidates
not only adlressed the people at the polls, but sub-
mitted to be ca'eehised by them. He admi'ted
that, in KenUickv, the people might become ac-
quamt d with lh ir Representative , but it could
not be done in Npw York, for there the business of
stumping wis not known, and the man who wsuld
at empt it for electioneering purposes would be sent
off with a fl-a m his eai The people would say,
"We don't go formen who go about begging for
our suffreges *■ vote for modest, deserviug men."
S i, the principle that wo^ks «veil in Kentucky, does
not .fork in New York Mr B concluded by a
few more observations, recapitulating his cbjec-
t oris to the amendments of ihe Senate.
Mr ARNOLD s?id, inasmuch as an important
till hid been laid aside for this bill, he moved the
previous qjestion
This mo'i^n was earned; but, before the ques-
tion,'"Snail the mam question be now put'"  was
p opcinded to ihe Ho' se—
Mr J. T  MASON moved an adjournment.
Tms moi'on was taken by tellers, wij0 reported
78 h the sffi/mnive, and 97 m the mgatne.
80 the motion for an adjournment was rejected.
Mr  RHETT called for the yeas and nays on
the question, "Shall the mam question be now put?"
but iney were not ordered.
The House ordered ihe mam questioH to be put.
The question recurred upon the motion to con-
cur with the Senate in their first amendment, i«-
