CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifí.
tifo
criasiog the ratio from 50,179 to 70,680, and re-
sulted in the negative—yeas 95, nays 112, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Appleton, Barnard. Barton, Beeson, Bidlacli, Birdseye,
Black, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, J. Brown, William
Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Tho. J Campbell,
Casey, Chapman, Childs, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
Coles, Cravens, Cross, Dantel, Eveiett, Fessendeu, Fillmore,
Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Geiry, Gilmer, fioggm, Patrick
G. Goode, Granger, Gustme, Gwin, Hall, Hatted, Hopkin-,
Houston, Howaid, Hunter, Hunt, James Irvm, Jack, James,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Lane, Lewis, McKay, Sairson
Mason, John Thomson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Miller, Mitchell, Mooie, Morgan, Monow, Parmenter, Pickens,
Powell, Randolph, Read, Rcnchcr, Ridgway, William Rus-
sell, James M. Russell, Saltonstal!, Saunders, Shepperd, Slad*,
Truman Smith, Sprigg, John T. Stuart, Taliaferro, John I!.
Thompson, Richaid W. Thompson, Jacoh ThomDson, Trum-
bull, Turney, Underwood, Wallace, Warren, Washington,
Walterson, Westbiook, B. V. White, Thomas W. Williams,
Wise, and Augustus Young—95.
NAYá—Messrs. Adams, Arnold, Atherton, Ayciigg, Bakei,
Blair, Boardman, Baits, Bowue, Boyd, Brewstei, Briggs,
Brockway, Brouson, Charles Brown, liurke, Burnell, William
O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Calhoun, Win. B. Campbell,
Caruthers, Chittenden, Clifford, Clinton, James Cooper, Mark
A. Cooper. Cowen, Cranston, Cushing, Garrett Davis, Richaid
D.Davis, Dawson, tiean, Debetly, Doan, J)oig, Eastman, John
Edwards, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Ferns, John G Floyd,
Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, A. Lawrence Foster, Gentry,
Giddtngs, William O Goode, Gordon, Graham, Habersham,
Harris, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Houck, Hubard, Hud-
son, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R Ingersoll, William W.
Irwin, Wm. Cost Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, John P.
Kennedy, King, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan,
Robert-McCIel!an,McKennao, McKcon, Alired Marshall, May-
nard, Medill, Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Patridge, Payne,
Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexan-
der Randall, Reding, Reynolds, Itlietl, Riggs, Rodney, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Shaw, Shields, Simonton, Snyder, Starly, Steeniod,
Stratton, Summers, Sumter, Tillmgliast, Toland, Tomhnsoii,
Tnplett, Weller, Joseph L White, Jas. W. Williams, Wood,
Yorke, and John Young—112.
The question next recurred upon she motion
to concur witbjhe Senate in their second amend-
ment, giving an additional Representative to frac-
tions over and above one moiety of the ratio.
Mr. SPRIGG objected to the amendment, chiefly
on the ground that most of the fractions belonged
to the large States.
Considerable confusion pprvaded the Hal at this
moment; many gentlemen contending that it was
out ot order to debate the amendment, since the
previous question had been sustained.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON a ked for the reading
of Washington's veto message upon the first appor-
tionment bill.                 '
Mr. STANLY raised the question of order, and
inquired whether the previous question did not apply
to the second amendment of the Senate, as well as
the first.
The SPEAKER was understood to answer that
the second amendment was a separate question;
and, therefore, debatable.
Mr. SPRIG  expressed his willingness to yield
the floor, and not to speak upon the question.
Mr. BOTrS moved an adjournment, but with-
drew the motion.
After a few remarks from Mr. CAMPBELL of
South Carolina, in answer to ¡he argument that the
objections urged by President Washington to the
fractional feature of the first apportionment bill,
applied with equal force to the present bill.
Mr. BOTT3 renewed his motion that the House
adjourn; stating, at the same time, that he would,
on to morrow, move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the resolution in relation to the adoption
of the previous question in Committee of the
Whole, submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton,] had been laid on the table.
The House then adjourned at half-past four
o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, June 14, 1842.
Mr. BATES, from ihe Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of Elijah
Sanborn for a pension; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. B., also, from the same committee, to wh>ch
had been referred House bill for the relief of Mary
Wolfe, reported the same back, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
Mr.'LINN presented the petition of Shelton
Smith, asking that the purchase-money paid to
the Government for land improperly entered may
be returned to him, or that he may be granted the
privilege of entering annther tract in lieu ihereof:
referred to the Committee f n Public Lands
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred Senate bill
to regulate appeals and writs of error from the
district court of the United Sta'es for the north-
ern district of Alabama, reported the same bacV
without amendment.
Mr. CONRAD submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies on the table till to morrow:
Resolved, That the President be requested to commumra'e
M the Senate, so tar as he may deem it compatible with liv
public mtelest, what measures, if any, have been taken to o
tain the lecognition, by the Mexican Government, of sir t
claims of American citizens as were laid before the late joi
commission, butweie not acted upon by it, and the satisfactiu i
oí such claims as were admitted by said commission; ais \
whethei any facts have come to his knowledge, calculated to
induce a belief that any claims have been rejected in cons
quenceof the evidence thcieof having been withheld by the
Mexican Government, its officers oi agents.
—Mr. KERR presented a petition from Cap'ain
Thomas Cluantri!!, praying for arrears of pension
for wounds received in the late war: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.                                  '
FLORIDA ARMED  OCCUPATION' AND ?
SETTLEMENT BILL.,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate look up,
as in committee of the whole, the b;ll to provide
for ihe armed occupation and settlement pf the un-
settled part of the peninsula of East Florida.
Mr'. McROBERTS moved to amend the bill [as
published yesterday] by adding the following pro-
viso, to come in at the end of the second condition
of settlement, viz:
Provided, That the armshereby allowed shall only be inven 'o
you ng men undei the ace of tw em y one yeais, and shal I not be
so'd ei duposcd of by them duung the teim oí Ave yt ais, nor
subject tobe taken in execution; and, if logt or destroy* <1, «hall
be teplaced immediately by the settler, at his own exp nse.
Mr. BENTON, as be was understood, expressed
himself favorably of the amendment, which he
conceived was sanclioned by the principles of the
bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed lo.
Mr. SMITH moved to amend the bill, by add-
ing the following, to come in at the end of the
fourth condit.on of settlement, viz:
And when two or mote persons may have settled on the same
quarter section before the land shall have been surveyed, the
same shal! be divided between them, and the deficiency made up
to each, out of contiguous, vacant land; but no wilful incruder
upon the known claim of another ahall be entitled to any
benefit under this act, and m all cases of settlement on sur-
veyed lands, the fust settler shall be entitled to preference in
the entiy [And should any pait uf section sixteen (which is re-
served fiom the operation of this act) be selected by any set
tier, it shall be lawful for him, so soon as the same may bo as-
reitamed by the surveys, to locate a like qaantilyof anyoth-r
vacant land, lyitip <*ou,h of said township, m lieu thereof]
And in all cases of claims for bounty lands under the provi
sions of this act, if shall be the duty of the persons claiming 'be
same, vtithin six month5- after the expiration of the one year
allowed tor settlement of the 1 mtls shall hive been surveyed, if
not, witbinsix months next aftoi they shall have been suiveyetl,
to file, with ltie register of the proper land orlice, a wullen
st itement specifying the pat ticular land claimed by such set-
tler
Mr. LINN did not know that he understood the
amendment of the Senator from Irid'ana [Mr.
Smith.] But, if it was for the purpose of protect-
ing the inhabitants of a township nereafter in their
right to a school section, he vould suggest to him
if it wou'd not be betier to protect iheacmnlset-
t¡er_the pionef-r in the settlement of tins danger-
ous coun'ry; and, whatever of advantage (hete
was, to give it to him, lather than u> ihe township,
couii'y, or wha'ever ¡t might be. Toe great object,
he (Mr. L ) concave!, was, first, the s<Hilement
of ¡his country, and afterwards the education of
the inhabitants. He wou'd put it to that Sen-
ator whether it would be just and right to hold
out these inducements to settlement, and afer-
wards, if, by the survey of ¡he county, (he six-
teeenth sections *hould fall on the portion which
may have been occupied by one uf ¡h  settlers, to
eject hira tberefiom, and to deprive him of ihe itn-
prov^menis whica he mav have made th reon.
He thou6h' Mich a course would be unjust in tb 
extreme. He believed it would be of equal benefit
to the township to give the right of «electioa of anoth-
er S'-eti in, if, by cbar.ee, Ihe sixteenth sections
may have been pre-occupiel by the settler. If it
was not better, it would, at least, be more just and
humane. He therefore hoped the Senator would
not insist on his amendment.
Mr. McROBERTS said he had prepared art
amendment, before be was aware of the amend-
ment just submitted by the Senator from Indiana,
which he read, as follows:
<(And where settlement, by the erection of a dwelling, or $ie
cultivation of any portion thereof, shall be made upon the six-
teenth section before the same shall be surveyed, then, and in
that case, other lands shall be selected hy the United stales in
lieu of said section sixteen, or such pait thereof as may Oa
claimed under this act."
Mr. McR. moved to amend the amendment of BJr.
Smith, by striking out the sentence" which is in
brackets, commencing with the word "and," and
ending with the word "thereof," for the purpose of
inserting the above.
1 Mr. McR. said that the principle of this amend-
' ment was carried out in the operation ot the
land laws as they now exist. The practice was con-
stantly going on in the land districts m all pans of the
United States. He had selected thousands of acres
himself under it. The townships, he said, could
not be the losers by this privilege of selecting other
lands in lieu of the 16ih sections, which may have
been taken under the circumstances, by a settler,
because the Government officers who have to majke
the selections take care Hi ways to select the best
lands for the use of the townihip. But the indi-
vidual who might happen to select the 3 6'h sec-
tion, and bestow a great deal of labor on i', and
improve Ihe same, would lose a great deal if he
should afterwards be deprived of it. Mr. B. said
he would further remT-k, that, in nine cases out of
ten, the townships would benefit by the privilege
of selecting other lands in lieu of the 16 h sections.
Th« surveys of these Florida lands would not, in
all probability, be made in ihree or four jears; and
if,-after that time, the sct'to would be obliged to
leave his lands and improvements, it would be a
great hardship. The Government would not pay
them for the improvement.-; tor she would be the
loser thereby. He believed that it would be right
and just, and much better, under all the circum-
stances, that the seitler should be permitted to re-
main on whatever lands he may have selected.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana was well satisfied that
this bill should not b« viewed in the light, simply,
as a military stttlemen*; for that raatier would be
but temporary. It sbou'd be placed on the same
grounds as the general legislation on the subject of
the pub'ic lands. They ought not to act as if a
permanent miliary settlement ".'as contemplated,
but as if the lands were disposed of for agricultural
purposes, as in ordinary cases of pre-emption rights.
If the amendment wasadop'ed, ihe school sections
would bp pres<"ived to the townships; but the very
moment that Congress pursued a different policy,
it would at on*'e defeat the great objects of grant-
ing theschool sections. He was for leaving this settle-
ment to be governed, as in all other cases of per-
manent settlement. He felt it to be his duty, from
h s position as chairman of ihe Public Land Com-
mittee, to make an interest for ihe civil settlement
of the Territory of Florida in the future, as well as
for military parpóse1; now. II- hoped the amend-
ment ot ¡ha fcenator ¡rom Illinois [Ur. McRoberts]
would not be aJopted, and thus give individuals an
oppnttt-ni'v to vio'ate the rights tf the townships.
Mr. LINN regret'ed to hear ihe Senator from
Indiana say that he had presented this amend-
ment after ma'ire consideration of the sub-
ject. He (Mr. L ) took tt for granted that no
town-hip, or any portion of ihe people of a town-
ship, would wish to deprive ihe settler of the benefit
of his labor, and appropriate it to schotd purposes.
Such, he contended, would be the effect, if the
amendment of ihe Senator from Illinois was not
adnp'ed. Mr. L. did not thick ihu war would termi-
nate in as shurt a time as .he Senator from Indiana
seeme 1 so cupp >se. He sinceifly wished it would.
The Secre'ary of War had iatoimed the Senate
that the war was at an end; but these savages paid
very little attention to the ¿¿'cía of the Secretary of
War. Aid, in all likelihood, from the very nature
of ihe contest, the probab.lities are ¡bat the war is
not so near an end as it wai when the Indians
wetemore numerous; for then ihey were in bodies
and couid be easily discovered; but now they are
remotely scattered, and s i-et their opportunity
to commit their barbarities, without detection.
They are operating in such a manner now, that
