■--**                                                                                                                                    —..... —
-which would reduce the fractions m the smaller   I
Siates to their lowest possible amount.   But, while   '
he made this concession, he dented that the smaller
States should assume the attitude of complaint.
The  smaller States had always, had, compara-
tively, more political power than the larger.  Com
pare the political power of New York with the six
New England States.   New York, under the re-
cent census, has a population of 200,000 more
than the aggregate population of all New England.
And yet" the six iNew England States have ten
more members m the Senate of the United States than
tiew York; and ihey have also ten more electors for
President and Vice President.   Upon the popular
principle, they have one-fourth more power in the
election of President than the Stale of New York
Sir, (said Mr. McC ,) we of New York utter no com-
plaint by reason of this inequality.   The Constitu-
tion has made us to differ.   The Constitution gives
to the New England States ten more members in
the Senate, and ten more electors of President.
And, sir, (continued Mr. McC.,) the same Consti-
tution prescribes a rule of appornonment, which,
when applied to the federal population of the New
England States, causes a loss of two members by
unrepresented fractions, of which they should not
complain.
Mr. ADAMS, being m favor of the amendment
of the Senate, hoped it would prevail. He was
understood then to proceed to reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from New York; but m so low a
tone of voice, as to be almost inaudible at the re-
porter's desk.
Mr. JOS. R. INQERSOLL addressed the House
in favor of the amendment of the Senate, arguing
that the adoption of the principle of fractions was
both cons'itutional and just; after which,
Mr. MORGAN moved the previous question,
which being s,econdeJ, and the mam question or-
dered, it was taken fir t on the amendment of Mr.
Thompson of Mississippi, to strike out "one moie-
ty of the ratio" and insert "30,000 persons." This
having been rejected,
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays on
the ques ion ot concurring in the amendment of the
Senate; which were ordered, and, on taking the
question, resulted in yea- 50, nay ! 161, as follows.
YEAS—IVftssis Adams, Appleton, Ayci iqg, Barton, Board
man, Briosa, Brockway, A V Blown, William IJ Campbell,
Chapman, .John C Clai k, Cranston, Cravens, Cross, G l)avie,
lohn C Edwards, Eveiett, Green, Gira, Hall, Howaid,
Huntei, I R Ingtrsoll, W W Irwin, J P Kennedy, King,
Lewis, Li in, McICtnnan, Mattocks, Mitchell, Moore, Parmentei,
A Randall Rhett, Ridgway, Rodney, Saltonstall, Shields, alarle
traman Smith, Stokely Jacob Thompson, lillinghast, Wal
lac , Warren, Washmg'on, Edwald 1> White, Joseph L
White, and Augustus Young—50
NA1 -—Meséis Allen, LandaffW Andrew?, S I Andrews,
Arnold, Athmon Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Iindseye, Black,
II air Botes, Uowne, B >yd, Brewatei, Bronsen Milton jüiown,
C Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Uuilte, Bimiell, William Butlu,
Green W Caldwell, JPttricIc C Caldwell, ( alhoun, John
Campbell, Th imas J Campbell, Caruthus, Casey Chi'ds
Cltittuiden Sta'ey N Olaike Cliffoul Clir.ion, Coles Colquitt,
Mark A Cooper, Coweu, Daniel, Richard 0 Davi , Dtan
J>etwiry,l>oan> Fastman, J Iklwards, Lgbert, Terns, Tessenden,
r-lltmore, John O Floyd Charle-, A Ployd, iornance A I
Toster, Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Guiding^
Gilmer, Goggm, Patrick G Goode,Gordon,Giahatn, Giangei,
Gustme, Haln-reham, Halstcd, Hams, Mm Hastings, Hay ,
Holmes, Hopkins, Honck, Houston, Hubard, Hudson, Hum,
C t Ingersoll, Jamqe Irvm, Jack, James, Wm Cost Johnson,
< ive Johns n, John W Jones, Isaac D Jones, Keim, Andiew
KonneJy, Lane, I ittleneld I o well, Abiaham McClellan, Rob
pi t Met lellan McKay McKeon, A Marshall, Samson Mason,
lihn r Ma-on, Mathiot, Matthew*, Maxwell, Maynard, Medill,
Millu Morgan Moms, Morrow, Newhaid, Oliver, Osborne,
Owsl y Piiridge, Payne Pearce Pendleto i Pickens Plumer
Pope Powell, Ramsay, Benjamín Randall Randolph Read,
IUdms, Readier Reynolds, Rlirgs, Rogers, Roosevelt, William
Rubaell lamesM Rus«pI1, Siundtis ^hiw fthef petd, toimon
tin, Snyder, Sprigg, Stanly feteenrod "watton, Alexander II
if Stuart, John T Stuart, pummels, 'sumtei, hweney, faba
feTO. John B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Toland,
tomfiobon, Triple  Trumbull, Tmney, underwood Van Bj
leu, Watferson, Weller, Thomas W Williams, Josef h L Wil
liams, Wis*1, Wood, Yoike, and John \ oting—161
The next amendment of ihe Senate that came
up lor consideration was as follows-                         /
a line 9, after—
Strike out.
And insert.
Maine
-
10
7
■New Hampshire
-
6
4
Massachusetts
-
15
10
Connecticut
.
6
4
Vermont    -
.
6
4
New York -
.
49
34
New Jersey
-
7
5
Pennsylvania
.
34
24
Pelaware   -
-
%
1
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Atherton, Beeson, Bidlark, Black,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster Aaron V Brown, Charles Brown,
Burke, Gieen W Caldwell, Patnck C Caldwell, John Camp
bell, Chapman, ClilToid, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A.
Cooper, Cros , Daniel Richard D Davis Dean Doan, East-
man, John C Edwards, Egbeit, Terns, lohn G Floyd, Charles
A Floyd, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggm, William O Goode, Gordon,
Gwm, Haber ham, Hams, J Hasting*, Hays, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Houck Houston Hubard Hunter, Charles I Ingeraol!,
Jack, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Keim Andrew Kennedy,
Lewis, Lutlefield, Lowell, Abiaham McClellan, Robert Mc-
Clellan, McKay, McKeon, A fred Marshall lohn Thomson
Mason, Mathews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter,
Patridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Reed, Reding, Rencher,
Reynold , Rhett, Riggs, Rogéis, Roo evelt, Saunders, Shaw,
Shields, Snydet, Spngg, S eenrod, Sumter, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Van Buren, Watterson, Weller, Joseph L Whitfl,
Wise, and Wo id—y 
A message was received from the Sena'e, an-
nouncing the passage of a bill to provide for cer-
tain temporary clerka empl yed in the Auditor's
office for th? Post Office Department, and a bill for
the relief of the representatives of Silas Dean; also
the passage of t>e b 11 authorizing a register to
be made out for the Ing "Guiñare."
, ÍTHE TARIFF BILL
On n\otion of *Ir w- C0ST JOHNSON, the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole op the state of ihe Union, (Mr. McKennaíí
in the cbfeif ) The committee took up the bill to
extend the operation of the existing revenue laws
of the eourjtry until tho 1st of August.
Mr GILMER, who was entitled to the floor
when the committee ro'e on Fnday, addres-ed the
committee at length in opposition to the bill. He
said he should interpose no objeción whatever to its
passage, did he beliere it to be sucn a bill as us
title imported—to extend the operation of the ex-
isting revenue laws cf the country. Bu  he be-
lieved it to be a bul of a totally different character,
and therefore he felt bound to trespass upon the in-
dulgence of the committee with a f«w remarks.
He would bri'fly call their attention to the circum-
stances by which we were surrounded, and which
had brought us to our present position. It was
generally considered that the compromise act of
1833 would not, on the 30lh of June, ye d revenue
enough to pay the debts and defray the expenses
of tht G:>vernmen , and that the amount must be
increased. Tius must be done, the committee had
been told, m one of two modes: either by increasing
toe number of article;, subject to a duty of 20 per
cent., or by increasing the amount of duty on tbose
articles which would have to pay but 20 per cent.
ace «ding to the compromise act. It was evident
that we could no linger rely upon loans The
credit of our Governaen' was exhausted, and we
wre now aieial y brought to la  necess ty of rais-
ing the ways and means. This was a revenue
qutsti n—one which mu t be looked at ía all its
aspect--, and prompt'y decided. 1 ne lime had ar-
rived waen, the c mouttee was to'd, it could no
longr-r postpone auion, wbiJi was demanded by
public fditb, credit, character, and honor.
Thiee bills bad been reponed to the House, all
proposing to raise an amount of revenue which
Ihe r several advocates c nndered necessary to pay
the dib's, and to defray tne expe ise* < f the Gov-
ernment. Theoe bills were foBndfd upon different
pune pies—upon protection and revenue, and upon
both blended, according to the vie#s o' their advo-
cóles. He would cab the afention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that taev ai1 proposed to
ldise more revenue than could be raised by ihe
compromise act. Bui there was not time enough
to ac upon them before the 30di of June, which
would arrive in fifteen days, wh. n the reduction
of all duties to !he twenty per cent standard would
take effec . There was obviously not time enough
to dts">i «, con lder, and dtcide a question, which
the honoMD'p cfnirmaa of Wa,s and Means had
informed tht H mse, not long smee, was cne of the
most difficult and complicated which our Govern-
ment had ever been called upon to consider
He repeated, he would have no objection to
the parage of the bill, if it was in reality what, by
us ^peciou  title, it purported to be. But whilst it
was apparently a bill to suspend, it in fact repealed
th whole revenue system, after a certain day. Its
effect would be to throw the Government into
ehao<=, for, without revenue, the Government could
, not be carried on. It would place ihe country
where it was at the end of the revolutionary war,
i without means and m deb!.   It would exhibit Con-
9
„
6
21
_
15
13
_
9
9
_
7
12
_
8
10
_
7
6
_
4
6
_
4
15
_
11
14
_
10
30
_
21
14
_
10
10
_
7
7
_
5
2
_
1
4
-
3
Maryland  -
Virginia    -
North Carolina
South Carolina
Georgia
Alabama   -
Louisiana -
Mississippi
Tennessee -
Kentucky  -
Ohio
Indiana
Illinois
Missouri    -
Arkansas   -
Michigan   -
Mr ATHERTON moved to amend this amend-
ment, by adding the following:
To be elected arcording to thaie-spective law  of the said
States
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland submitted that the
motion of the gentleman from New Hampshire
was not in order.
The SPEAKER decided that the amendment
was not m order, because it was inconsistent with
the body of the bill as it went from the House.
Mr. ATHERTON appealed from the decision
of the Chair, and the point of order involved was
debated by Messrs ATHtfiRTON and JOHNSON.
Mr. JOHNSON then moved to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, on taking the question, resulted
in yea-. 136, nays 70
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland observed that,
after the votes ihat had been tak n, he considered
it unnecessary to take the question on the last
amendment of the Senate. He considered it a
mere cleucal enumeration, that the Cleik could
make to cJrrecpond wiih the bill as it now s ood,
and he would therefore move to go into Comim'tee
of the Whole.
Mr FILLMORE hoped the gentleman would
consent, befo e going into Committee of fit Whole,
to take up the resolution offered by him yesterday,
to take the bill lo continue the present tariff laws
out of committee
Mr. UNDERWOOD msisted en tfking t"o
question on the last amendment of the Senate, and,
upon a suggestion made by the Speaker,
Mr. JOHNSON (f Maryland assented, and
moved the previous question; under tne operation
of which the amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr JOHNSON, tne resolution of
Mr. Fillmore, providing that, in half an hour
after its passage, all debate on bid No 408, to con-
tinue the operation of th^ present tariff laws,
should tease, and the Houce should proceed i o
lakf the q «eslioti on the amendments, was taken
up  ami lead
Mr FILLMORE modified the resolution, so as
to substitute 12 o'ciock to morrow, instead of half
aj hour after tne passage of tne resolution.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland moved the pre-
vious question, which was seconded—ajes 92,noes
55
Mr. FILLMORE, at the request of Mr. JOHN-
SON, again modified his resolution, «o as to take
the bill out of committee at 2 o'clock to-morrow.
The main question was then ordered, <tnd takai
on tne adoption of the resolution, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 96, ?s fol'ows-
YEVS Me-srs Al en, LindafT W Andiews, Sheilock J
Andrews Appleton Arnold Ayrngg, Rakei, Baton, Rnd^eye,
Rían, Xíoaidtnan, lingos Brockway, Bion«on Milton Buwn,
Terenimli Biown, Jiuinell, William Butler Ctlhmu, William
II Campbell Ihonas J Campbell •Cimth is ( asey, Ch 1 ¡s,
Chittenden, John C Clark, St iley N CfarLe tames Coopet,
Cowen, Oiaoston, Cravens G\rrett Davis Deberry John
Edvvaids Everett, fe^mden, Fillmote, A I, Foster, Gamble
Gftitry Giddlngs Patnck O Goode, Giaharo, Giangei, Gteen,
Gusune, Hall, Halsted, Howard Huds n, Hunt Toseph R In
gerooll, J Iivm, Wm W Irwm, limes, Wm Co=t John on,
Is*ac D Jones John P Kt-nnedy, Kit g Lane, Linn McKen
nan, "-amson Mason Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid,
Mitchell Moore, Morgan, Morris, Moriow, Osborne, Owslty,
Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Rambey, Alexander Randall, Ben
lamín Randall, Randolph, Rldgway, Rodney, W RusselJ, J ai
Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd, bimonton, Slade, Truman
Smith,-Stanly, Stokely, stutton, Alexander H H Stuart, John
T fctuart, Summers, Taliafeiro, Joun B Thompson, Richard
W Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Tnplett,
Trumbull, Underwood, Wallace, Washington, Edward D
White, Thomas W «Villiams, Joseph L Williams, \ orke, An
euctus Young and John Young—1)2
