m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
letain the ownership oí tne unsold lands, and to
sell them for actual settlement and cultivation.
Mr. Q, in conclusion, replied to that pan of Mr,
J.'s speech in wh.ch he advoeated an assumption
of the State debts, .bowing the unconstitutionality
and inexpediency of the measure, and expressing
the firm hope and belief that so ruinous a policy
never wou'd find favor in tint House, or in the
-country.
Mr. POPE then obtained the floor; but yielded
it to
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland, on whose motion
the committee rose and reported progress.
On motion by Mr. COWEN, the Committee of
■Claims had leave to sit during the sessions of the
Hou.>e.
On motion by Mr. McKENNAN,
The House adjourned.
|*        .                  IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 15,1842.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Philadelphia interested in
the manufacture of soap and glass, who desire that
soda-ash, which forms a constituent p-irt in the
manufacture of those articles, shall be continued
as an article free of duty. They say it was made
free by tne act of the extra session; and that, unless
it continues free, they cannot compete with the
foreign manufacture of these articles- referred to
the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. B. also presented two memorials from the
county of Delaware, Pennsylvania; in which the
memorialists desire that there shall be discrimina-
ting duties sufficient to protect the various interests
of our Republic: referred to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. B. als.0 presented a memorial from Phila-
delphia, in favor of a discriminating tariff, with a
view to protection; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Tnomas
J. Stone, praying indemnity for propeity lost in
New Orleans during the late war, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
Reading, Berks county, Pennsylvania, m which the
memorialists complain that they uffer greatly from
the reduction of duties on leather, iron, c:>al, hats,
and ready-made clothing, and remonstrating against
the repeal of the twenty per cent, clause in the dis-
tnl ution act, and praying that such a duty may be
levied on foreign manufactures, as will give projec-
tion to domestic manufactures, referí ed to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial from Brook-
lyn, New York, signed by 716 citizens of that
place; in which the memorialists say that they wit-
ness with regret the proposition for the reduction
of the appropriations to the navy. They pray
that such appropriations may be made, as will se
cure the completion of ships, on the stocks Oa mo-
tion, laid on the table, the bill being now before the
Senate.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from
several thousand citizens of Baltimore, earnestly
remonstrating against the proposed action of Con-
gress in the reduction of the appropriation to the
navy. They speak also of lh> necessity and im-
portance ef the enactment of a j udicious tariff Th ey
complain of the difficulties in consequence of the
deranged state of the currency, to which, and to
the tardy aefon of Congress on the subject, they
attribute all the embarrassments and dist ess in the
country. They sta'e that the Arnerican people
approve of economy, but despise parsimony, m the
administration of the public affairs The memorial
wa* ordered to he on the table and be printed.
Mr ARCHER presented a memorial from Pe-
tersburg, Virginia, and it-, vicnity, signed by a
great number of persons, in which they go into
a long tram of reasoning to show the importance
of sustaining ihe domestic manufactures, and pre-
sent a long statement of facts, showing the pecu-
liar importance ot sustaining them at this time
%ey are in favor of the enactment of a tariff of
««•weitue standard, which will, at the same time,
fWHspnecUouio the domestic manufactures  re-
ferred u> the Committee on Manufactures, and or-
dered to be printed
Mr EVANS, from the Commit'ee on Finance,
reported tack lo the Senate, without amendment,
the bill to provide for the settlement of certain ac-
counts for the support of Government in the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, and for o h<r purposes
Mr. E. said he had been instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report a resolution The
bill making appropriations tor the army and West
Point academy had been under the consideration
of the committee, and they were unable to act de-
finitively on the provisoes of that bill as it came
from the House, without first obtaining the action
of the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom the
consideration of a portion of that bill peculiarly be-
longs, and to wmch it should have been referred.
Th- resolution was read, as follows
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in
strutted to inquire into the expediency of reducing the army
nf the United States to the scale proposed m the proviso of the
first ■section of the bill of the House, making appropriations
for the support of the army and of the military academy for
the year 1842, and also into the expediency of regulating the
pay of the general staff m the manner therein proposed, and
also into the expediency of regulating the allowance of rations te
the commanding officers of the sepaiate posts, as provided in
No 2 of the said first section, and in the second section, of said
act, and to report their opinioi on the said seveial matters to
the Senate
Mr. MERRICK said the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was not present, but he
saw no reason why the resolutioa should not be
adopted,
Mr. KING inquired of the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee whelher it was intended by that
committee to postpone action on the army appro-
priation bill until the Committee on Military Af-
fairs should report on that part of it proposing to
reduce the military service (of the country.
Mr. EVANS said it was not the intention of the
committee to postpone ihe consideration of the bill
to any definite day, but supposed it would undergo
investigation, however, delaying the final action of
the Finance Committee until the Military Com-
mittee shall have examined the points submitted to
it But, if the action of that committee was long
delayed, of csurse the Finance Committee would
not wait
He presumed, however, that the committee
would have finally acted upon the bill by the time
it was reached in the regular coarse of ousmess.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr EVANS, from the Finance Committer-, made
an adverse report on the memorial of William
Blake, which via? ordered to V on ihe table and
be printrd.
Mr ARCHER gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the reor-
ganization of the Navy Department
• On motion of Mr MERRICK, it was
Resolved That the Secretaiy of the Senate be directed to
furnish to the PostmaslerGenera!, fortbe use of the P >qt Ofiice
Department a complete set of Senate and House documents
from the year 1814 to the commencement of the piesent season
of Congress, so far as¡>aid Seuetaiy may have within his con
tro! surplus copies of said documents
On motion of Mr PORTER, the President pro
tern, was empowered to appoint another member
to fill the vacancy on the Naval Committee.
Mr. CONRAD asked the Senate to take up the
resolution submitted by him on yesterday, calling
on the President of the United States for informa'ion
as to what measures have been taken to obtain the
recognition by the Mexican Government of such
claims, of American citizens as we'e laid before the
late joint comm.ss'on, but were not acted upon by
it, and for the satisfaction of such claims as were
admitted
Mr KING made vome suggestion to the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, [Mr. Barrow,] that the infor-
ma ion which he wished may have been reported
to ihe Sena'e m the report received from the State
Department on the subject of the Mexican com-
mission, on yesterdji), and if not m thai, no doubt
the whole ground oí the call would be reported
upon in a few days, under a resolution adooted a
short time since, at his instance. He then suggsst-
ed to him the propr ety of waiting a few days,
for these reasons, before he pressed his resolution
If the object was not accomplished, he would then
vote for the call.
Mr CONRAD acquiesced in the suggestion, and
did not press his motion.
THE FLORIDA ARMED OCCUPATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill to provide
for the armed occupation and settlsment of the un-
settled part of the peninsula of East Florida, hav-
ing been correctly engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
.•THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate took
up the message from the House, returning the bill
apportioning Representatives among the States ac-
cording to the sixth census, and giving informa-
tion that that House had non-concurred with the
Senate in all their amendments to said bill.
Mr. BERRIEN said it would be recollected that
the amendments to the bill related, in the first
place, to the ratio, wh'ch the Senate had increased
from 50,179 to 70,680, and, la the second place,
providing for a representation of fractions. The
subjects (said Mr B ) had been so fully discussed
heretofore, that it was not necessary to make any
observations upon them now. He would, there-
fore, for the purpose of obtaining the sense ot the
Senate, make the motion that the Senate insist on
us amendments.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on
Ihe motion; which were ordered.
Mr. BUCHANAN said ihat, inasmuch as the
yeas and nays had been ordered, he called for a
division of the question, so as to take the question
on the amendments separately: because he would
vote for insisting on the ratio, and receding from
the fractional representation.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped the Senator from Ohio
would not insist on the call for the ytas and nays
at this stage ef the proceeding.
Some remarks were made here, of a conversa-
tional character, by Messrs. ALLEN, BERRIEN,
ARCHER, and KING, as to which would be the
proper motion to decide—a motion to insist, a mo-
tion to adhere, or a motion to recede from the
amendments; but it was determined that the ques-
tion should be put on a motion to insist.
The question now being on the motion to insist
on the amendment of the Senate, providing that
such States as have a fraction of more than a moiety
of the ratio shall be entitled to an additional Rep
rcsentative, it was put, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 24, nays 18, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Bates, .Berrien, Choate, Clayton, Crafts,
Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Keir, Mangtim, Merrick, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Sevier,
Tallmadge, Walker, White, Wilcox, Woodbndge, and Young
—24
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Benton,
Buchanan, King, Linn McRoberts, Preston, Smith ef Con
necticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wnght—18
The question was then taken on the moiion to
insist on the amendment of ihe Senate, increasing
the ratio adepted by the House from 50,176 to
70,680, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 30,
navs 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messis Archer Bagby, Barrow, Bayard, Berrien,
Buchanan, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton
Graham Henderson, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Phelps, Porter Preston Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Stur
geon Tallmadge, Walker, White, Williams, and Youn —30
NAVS—Messrs Allen, Bates Benton, Choate. Huntington,
Kerr, King, Morehead, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Wilcox
Woodbndge, Woodbury, and Wright—14
The other amendments of the Senate, conform-
ing the number of Representatives for each Sta'e
to the ratio, was also insisted on; and
The Secretary was directed to return the bill to
the House* ar$ inform it of the action of the Sen-
ate.          J   /
THE N4ÍVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Oa motief of Mr EVANS, the Senate resumed,
as in committee of the whole, the consideration ot
the bill mating appropriation for the naval service
for the year 1842
The question immediately pending was the
amendment of ihe Finance Committee, proposing
to sfike from the bill the following proviso
' Provided, That, till otherwise ordered by Congress, no part
of this or any future or existing appropriation, shall be annli
ed to the payment of any officers in the navy appointed after
this date beyond the number m each grade on the 1st day of
January, 1841, ana that the excess now m the service beyond
that number shall be reduced as fast as deaths, resignations, and
promo ions will admit "                                    a    """•> ""
Mr CHOATE understood that the proviso now
under consideration had for its object to restrain
th? executive power, including the Senate, from
