em
serve m atteajpt to Ax, by ihis bill, a-n&val estab-
lishment which must beome burdensome upon the
resources, of the country.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said it was no part of his
purpose to enter into this discussion.    But he
would state a few reasons for the vote be shonld
give.   In voting to strike out this proviso, he did
not wish it to be understood that he was opposed to
such retrenchment in the naval service, as the best
policy of the" country would authorize    As he un-
derstood the matter, the effect of this proviso is,
that there shall be no additions to the number of
-officers at present in the naval service.   He was
by no means prepared to say that the number
■ought not to be increased, for the benefit of the
service and the country, in any exigency which
might occur between the present session of Con-
gress and tbe next session.   He thought the proper
course was, to pass this appropriation bill merely
in the form of an appropriation bill, without the
proviso.   If a law such as the proviso is necessary,
let it be introduced as a separate measure, on us
own merits, and he would be disposed to consider
it iairly and candidly.   Let tbe law define tbe
grades and number ot officers, and, in view of the
whole subject, let it be examined and appropri-
ately considered.   He thought it was establishing
a precedent which ought not to be encouraged.
Mr. BUCHANAN. I by no means rise to make
a speech. But, as I intend to vote in favor of the
proviso, I wish to explain my vole in sueh a man-
ner as to place myself in a true position m regard
to this question. In the first place, no Senator
on this floor can more highly appreciate the abso-
lute and imperious necessity which exists for sus-
taining the navy than I I believe it is the best
arm of our defence. It is not at all dangerous, and
never can become so, to the liberties of the coun ry.
It protects, us abroad, where we are most in danger;
and differs from the army, because, as far as re-
gards an army, we are the most powerful nation on
this continent, and need no very large army to de-
fend ourselves. Nor do I intend, in the slightest
degree, to reflect upon the Secretary of the Navy,
whom I believe to be a very worthy individual.
Why, then, should I vote for this proviso? I will
to state the reasons in a few v. ords. It is somewhat
astonishing that, during the fifty years' existence of
this Government, thi  important arm of our de-
fence has never been regulated by law. I have
before me the report of Mr. Barbour, made in
1821, when be was chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, pointing out the necessity for regu-
lating the subject by law The same thing has been
done year after year; and yet no serious attempt
has been made for this, purpose. I am very happy
to see that my friend from Virginia has taken up
the subject, and I hope he wilt persevere to its ac
complishment.
What does this proviso propose? Simply this-
That, until Congress shall act upon the subjed,
the present number of officers, in the navy shall not
be increased. This is the whole It is a regula-
tion by Congress, fixing the number as it exists,
until there ¡sha1! be an alteration made by Congress.
It leaves it as a is, until tbe bill of my mend from
Virginia shall become a law. Well, now, ought
not this to be donp? Is it desirable to leave to the
Executive Department of this Government the
power of increasing the nayal peac establishment,
while the House of Re resentati/es is compelled to
provide the way  and mpans for its support? Will
anybody say that this power ought to be continued
in *ne President and ih Senate? It is an anomaly
lu our system, because 1! resis with the House to
prov áe ihe means of payment, while they are
not allowrd a voice in ih, creation.
I beht re Ue Pr sident has a'waysacted faithful-
ly in regard to nominations for appointments, but
I believe, also, that without any intention t© act
improperly, the importunities, and, if you please,
the merits of individuals, will induce him in many
cases to make nominations of distinguished of-
ficers for promation, and for the Senate to reject
them is, m some degree, to cast a reproach upon
their characters. The consequence is, the number
goes on increasing; and it is almost impossible
that we can resist it.
^ghav ám the go«se do by regulating the ¡aw?
cois&fiiMK*Nj*L amBM.
I should not have voted for it, if it had cut off a
single officer, because I admit that the navy ought
to grow with our growth, and increase with our
strength; that the number of our officers and ships
ought to be increased in proportion as we extend
our trade, and as the wealth of the country in-
creases
Now, what objections can there be that the mat-
ter should remain as ii now stands, until Congress
otherwise directs' And until some measure of
this kind be adopted, Congress will not otherwise
direct The Senator from Virginia may report his
bill; but it will share the fate of all its predecessors,
and will not become a law within this session.
Now, sir, I admit cheerfully that it would have
been much better if they had done this by a sepa-
rate bill; but the House, being a larger body, can
only act efficiently, I suppose, by attaching a clause
of this kind to an appropriation bill They cannot
get a law through that House for the organization
of the navy within a shorter period than a month;
and if we pass this proviso, we shall necessarily
act upon the bill of the Senator from Vir|inia.
This, then, is one reason why I shall vote for it.
Another reason is this: I shall not now agree to
increase the expenses of this Government, beyond
keeping up its present institutions, until I know that
revenue will be provided in some way or other to
meet the expense. I will not cut down, but I will
stand where we are, until I know ibat some means
are provided for relieving the treasury and enabling
us to meet the additional expense. I go upon the
principle that there is no immediate danger of war;
and I would not borrow money at an exorbitant
rate of interest, to increase the number of the offi
cers of the navy beyond what it is. Economy and
reform I believe to be the desire of all I would
not economize so as to reduce the navy below
what it is at present. Let us stop here. Let us pass
the revenue bill, to enable us to meet the expenses
oí the Government
I am decidedly m favor of the reorganization of
the navy; but I will tell the Senator from Virginia
what is a very important point—you cannot get
men to serve, you cannot man your ships at the
rate of wages you pay at present, while merchant-
ships hold out greater inducements. You must in-
crease the pay of your seamen.
Having said thus much, merely for the purpose
of explaining my vote, and believing that the best
interests of the navy, which I desire shoull be
cherished, require that, in the present state of the
country, we should not go on too rapidly; and be-
lieving that I am sustaining those interests by
voting in favor of the proviso, as it has been
amended, I shall give my vote in its favor.
Mr WOODBURY, wuhout any extraordinary
professions for or against the navy, which he re-
ally respected as much as any genileman, must
sustain the proviso He would *ay, that the im-
pulse given m 1835-'36, by surplu, revenue, and
the exploring expedition of that period, had made
the naval expenses larger. Then followed new
s'eamers, and a quasi war establishment, on ac-
count of apprehenoions of hostilities. If the same
circumstances exist now as did in 1840-'41, he
would say, if he believd war w^s likely to occur
■«oon, do not cut down the navy establishment, and
do not put any restrictions in this way, at this
moment, on the appointing power. But if it is
the fact—as he smceiely trusted—that, instead of
a quasi war, there >s no w pi o "bund peace, tbe circum -
s auces become so muí h chargpd that the propriety
of reducing the navy to a peace establishment
mast be obvious
Th^fthennvy ought to be rejuhted by law,
ever? gentleman admit* Wuhout any express
law, wa there not a manifest propriety in a-}
prov so which should prevent the number ot ap-
puntmentsfrom being earned half up, or quite up,
to ihe standard of lha British navy, on fu'l pay? it
would be a great relief to the Executive, and ih¿
head of the Navy D-'partmer*, to fix some limita-
tion on appointments, ty which the impor unities
with which th°y are beset shall not be the occasion
of overloading the Government with a gr<*a er
number of officers in any grade than the exigen-
cies of the service actually demand. A clerk in
any public office, a lieutenant m ihe army,  a
judge could not be appointed without authority of
law; and why should there not be a sirmlai check
with regard to officers in the navy?
It was urged heretofore, in official communica-
tions by himself, that it would be proper to limit
Executive discretion in this; and a benefit to the
Executive and ihe departments would also accrue
by passing laws regulating the peace establish-
ment He had submitted a resolution for that
purpose, in December last, which had not been
acted on, though he hoped it yet would be acted
upon before our adjournment. It was better to
bring this matter forward in an appropriation bill,
than that there should be no check at all. It is
the only way in which the House now finds it prac
ticable to effect any control on this question. It
could only be done in an appropriation bill, which
gives that House the power of control as to navy
officers. There should be no reflection on the
House on this account; for tbere is no reflection on
the Executive or the Senate. It is their right and
duty, in the present exigency. He considered the
introduction of it into this bill, under all the cir-
cumstances, not only highly excusable, but justifi-
able. He did not mean to say that a separate
law would not, in itself, if prepared early and sea-
sonably, be more desirable; but he contended this
check was better than none at all When acting
on this proviso, the Senate is. acting on the whole
bill. It was not put in without some meaning. It
was not merely to strip the Executive and the
Senate ef ihe appointing power, now unlimited:
its object was to reduce the expenses of the navy,
from the Secretary of the Navy's estimate of eight
and a half millions of dollars, to about $6,293,000.
That was the whole effect of the whole measure,
and of all the changes in the bill.
Tbe difference between both sides of the Senate
on this subject seemed to be, that one believed the
navy ought to be kept jipon a quasi war establish-
ment, and the other, in peace and not expecting
war, believed it ought to be on a peace establish-
ment;—not cut down below that, but left liberally
for peace.
During the administration of ths younger
Adams, there was a peace establishment of the
navy; and was it not then perfectly efficient and
prosperous for all peace purposes? Yet the average
expenditure then was only from three to four mil-
lions It was so under General Jackson. Under
Mr Adams, piracy was extirpated m the West
Indies Under his successor, the Malays in the
farthest India were chastised; and a semi-banditti
broken up at the Falkland islands. It was not
till 1836 '37 that a large increase commenced.
But why? Because there was an oveiflowing
treasury. We were embarrassed with money,
rather than for money An exploring expedition
was then decided upon. But even with that ex-
pedition—so noble and glorious in some re.peels__
six millions and a fraction were the whole expenses.
But why should it now at once be raised to
eight and a half millions? He was willing to in-
crease 50 per cent, on the old peace establishment
ot ten or fifteen years ago, in consideration of the
increase of commerce and other circumstances; al-
though the risks of p>racy and depredations on our
commerce abroad hed, m fact, greatly diminished,
ra her than increased
When the change was made from the estabhsh-
ment of January 1, 1841, it was in view of the
dlaiming crcumstanres of the country at the time
as many supposed. But those circumstances have
changed to a more peaceful state, aid he saw no
rea on why a corresponding change should not be
mad1 back to the standard of 1841.
Wnn regard to the officers of Ihe navy, he was
not willing to look upon tdem as men struggling
foi money and promotion. He viewed them in
thii uiass, as men of as high moral feelings and pa-
triotism as any gentlemen m Congress. Their
struggles were not for the mere emoluments of of-
fice, their ambition was to serve their country, and
to gam a name in the >peord of its history—-to win.
glory a~d perform duty at all hazaids.
He showed the number of vessels in commission
at different periods, from 1832 to 1843, on which
he commented for some lime; also the number of
officers aad guns; also ihe British fore?,
