CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            635
i. rim* rm  iln t   f i i  in i  i   M  i     irr   i    n ......hninjm    h  i    r      i    ■ i                                     ,__________________________                                                                                                                                      ,      , .1 ,.     ,r, fc      ,,        n     .....             ..........      ,              ,
force on the 1st of June; and, secondly, whether it
was proposed by this bill to change any of their
material provisions. He apprehended it would be
admitted on all hands that tbe compromise act
was in force on the lit of June, and had not yet
accomplished its purposes; that the revenue bill of
last session was also in force; and last, but not
least, that the land bill of last session was still in
force. Then, if no legislation should be had now,
what would be the condition of our revenue laws?
Why, on the 30th of June the compromise act of
1833 would accomplish ihe great objects for which
it was originally introduced, and all duties be
brought down to 20 per cent. In contemplation of
that event, what further consequences would en-
sue? The land law of last session would, the day
after, distribute all the proceeds oí the public lands
received into the treasury since the 31st ©f last De-
cember. These would be the effects of no legisla-
tion. The compromise act wou'd have performed
all its purposes, and, in contemplation of that
event, the distribution law would distribute all the
proceeds of the sales of public lands on the day
after.
But, legislate as proposed in this bill—enact the
proviso to it which is proposed to be stricken out—
and what would then be the consequences? Instead
of bringing down the duties on imports, you actu-
ally keep them up beyond twenty per cent. If this
be done, what, according to the land bill, must fol-
low? Why, distribution must be suspended. What
would be the consequences with this bill in opera-
tion? The distnbution law would take effect, and
this was what gentlemen termed leaving things pre-
cisely as they were on the first day oj June
It should not be forgotten that, in 1833, the pub
he lands were regarded as a part of the revenue of
the Government. The compromise act was then
entered into, in contemplation gf their continuance
as such. It was also remarkable, that the proceeds
of the public lands was the only branch of revenue
in which the great mass of the people oore an
equal share of the public burdens. The land bill
itself so regarded it; because in that bill it was
provided, in express terms, that where a greater
amount of duty than twenty per cent, was laid
upon any of the articles enumerated m the com-
promise act oí 1833, the distribution should be
suspended. Here was not only one compromise,
but two—the compromise of 1833, and that of last
session. Here was a bond originally executed be-
tween two contending part.es. It was enac ed by
the very individuals now seeking to v.otate us pro-
visions. Yes, this bond of compromise was sirned
under circums'ances which he need not here repeat
It had been kept mviolaie for years Here was the
original contract, (alluding to the act of 1833,) and
here your subsequent reegmwn of its validity,
(the distribution law ) Were these contr c*o not
to ba regarded' Did gent)em°n mean no hug "then
they entered m'o tl em? D d they now intend that
nothing shoaid be secomphshed by them?
In sp aKwg of the compromise of 1833, he need
only call the attention of the committee to the time
when it recei/ed the sanction of Congress. Gen-
tlemen here remembered the difficulties by whicn
we were then su-rounded, and the opposition
which was made to the enforcement of the then ex-
isting law. Such was the state of dissension and
disagreement which prevailed, that thiscounliy
was brought to tne very verge of disunion. All
remmbered the deep excitement prevailing at that
time m relation to the contest between a State and
the General Government, and those on the «pot at
the time could call to mind the sleepless n ghts
which were spent m cevismg some scheme to "ave
the Union from the most fearful of calamities Yet,
after a law had been passed under saco c rcum-
stances, we were told it nad no binding írfluence
upon party, or any one el«e' Look at what was then
said, when apprehensions were expressed lest it
should not be oD3er«d What said the leidet of
a great parly, then as now? He (Mr J) could
not quote his words, but he remembered that the
leader to whom he referred said that it would be
wrong to thmk of violating that act, and no man
could stand up before the country and advocate
such a design.
J,et it be recollected that one party, at leas', had
kept its fai h to the country; that, during nine
year , whilst the South bad to bear the burdens of
the arrangement, it tamely and quietly submitted
to the consequences—and undei circums anees,
too, which afforded the most plausible pretext for
a violation of ihe principles embodied in the act.
What had been lha condition of the country du-
ring that period? I's treasury was overflow ng,
and it had deposited its millions with the Stales.
Yet the law was looked upon as sacred. How
strong would have been the appeal which might
have been addressed to the people of the South,
who bore the burdens of Ihe act1 Might it not have
been s iij to them, Why collect millions annually,
when the treasury is so full, and when you may be
so easilj relieved without embarrassing tbe opera-
tions oí the Government But what said the South
iheu? True to its engagements, ¡t never once
looked to the consequecces of such a measure.
This, too, was at a lime when the manufacturers
were trembling lest the compromise should be dis-
turbed.
The nine years had eipired, and during that
time the South hid kept its part of the engage-
ment. Now, when we (said Mr. J ) are to reap
the advantages of the compromise act, what is the
sppctae'e which we see exhibited? The very party
who enacted the law have come forward and de-
clared tnat they will not execute the promises nor
d'scharge the obligations there imposed. Again
who ¿oes nor kuow that the land bill, which was
pa --e 1 M the extra session of Congress, would not
have i-cceived the sanction of the Senate, but for
the íniroduc ion of the 20 per cent clause? Wtet
sail gentlemen when t> e bill came back from th 
Serate with that prov sion attached? They said,
' We assent to the proviso, m order to get the bill
passed '' Yet «-hen, b the prov.ao to tre present
bnl, it is proposed to change a material provision
m the land bill, and -ubtract «even or eiaht hun-
dred thousand dollars from the means of the trea-
sury, this is ca'led leaving things precisely as ¡hey
were
It such had been the object of gentlemen advo
eating the present bill, how easy wou'd it have been
for iheto o have passed another bill, emanatng
from the same committee which íntrf duced this but
the day before, and now lying on the tab!  That
bill had net been reported sixty minutes before n
became apparent that its effect would bi to suspend
the di t'lbution l?w. What was the course pur-
sued' A mo ion w-ís made to recomm t it to the
s me committee, and, no doubt, for the prrpose of
substituting the present. If the object sought after
was to leave tb° laws as th y existr I, where was
ih"1 necs ity fir the presen' movement? The con-
viction was plain Who was so blind as nc t to see
lha' this bill re-en^c ed the land b 11, and reo°a!ed
ih-comprcim c' H  asked, was it just or fin'
Y m pa  ed the distribution law by trie mcoipora-
lion of a principle, without which it could not have
becouit a law, and, in les  than a year, you «celt 'o
in laie your own iaith.
It pppeared that ue ^ere driven to the necessity
of imposing a tax, seeing that our revenue was not
sufficent, and our ereiht rot good How waa it
propo fd to lay this tai' As i preliminary step, it
was prop cd to d stnbute atout $750,000—loi h 
supposed ,hat was about the amount lccivel into
the t>-ea ury from he public lands since Decem-
ber, a 'hough '<e ! *d not, in real'ty, the n a>is cf
speaking «ih n muca accuracy as his p-^s non,
ard thn of o her mem i"5 of the Committee tí
Way  and Means, who «pre supposed to have pc
cess to f-e condition of th" treasury, tit°h> seem
ton. p'. This m ney (WO 000) w-s to le siv a
auraj Why was it dore? It v as a fi ¡id, of whith
all ad tn'ted th  great mi^s of the ppoole bore an
eqial -diare of me pabhc buidas. Ho<- vas the
dehciency tobe ¡ai^c" B du ie-> in v olation of
the ad or 3*33, Er.l (bifes above 20 p°r cem
Abo/e 20 per c nt dil he sa.' Ye^, m all proba
bility ab v- 30 pet cent , as wouH be D rcci d
fiom tha bm wh c i "ad btea la d as ^e to take up
the p-esen
Were gen'lerren here prepared to take this course?
Were they willing to maká a distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands, in ordet that th s
Government might be sent into the market with its
credit—into the shaving shops of the country—m
order to borrow money to give away ? He a«ed
if the committee were prepared for this ? Were
they willing, when the condition ef the country was
snch that us revenue was not sufficient to meet its
expenses, its credit suffering, and its Legislature
driven to the necessity of imposing taxes to raise
money, merely to be given to the Sta'es 1 \ This
was the efftct of the measures now advoca'ed be-
fore ihe committee. Give with one hand, and taka
away in unjust proportion with the other.
From the remarks made by his colleague, [Mr.
GoaaiN ] he inferred that he was prepared to sus-
tain this course. He understood him as lamenting
the course adop ed by the Legislature of Virginia,
in refusing to receive ihe money coming to that
State, under the distribution law. He (Mr. J ) re-
joiced at the integrity and UDyieldmg firmness of
the Old Dominion on that occasion. He rejoiced
at the refusal of the mother of States—and, so far
as this domain was concerned, the donor of States—
to receive ihe proceeds of the !and_money. He
rejoiced to know that her principles "could not be
bought, or, at any rate, not with the proceeds of /
that which she herself gave His colleague had
censured her course. He (Mr J ) would remind
him that, since the action of the Legislature upon*
this subject, the people bad spoken in a voics, he
had hoped, wh'ch would have conected the errors
of those who had censured the opinion of her Le-
gislature.
Mr GOGGIN h°re "aid he would remind the
gentleman (bis colleague) that some of his owa
party, who vre elected to the Legislature last
spring, had pledged themselves to vote for the re-
ception of the money. He did not think the result
of the elections could be construed mlo an approval,
by tbe voice of the peonle, of the action of the last
Legislature, which declined receiving the money.
Mr. JONES resumed. His colleague might bs
better informed man himselt. He m ght have bet-
ter sources of information, and, if such were the
fact, be took pleasu e m being coirected He
thought, however, that the people had spoken m a
voice which neuter he nor his colleague could mm-
tahe There might, it was trnp, be a few indi-
viduals pledged on ei'her side But his colleague
knew that the test question m the Siate was
' Money or no moiey " The Wh g party refused
to s>o before ihe people on the questions either of
bank or no bank, tariff or no tariff, distribution
or no d stribu'wn They found it necessary to
abandon 'he ground \«hich ihey hitherto had occu-
pied, and many of them to d-clare that, although
opposed to distribution as an origmal question, yet,
inasmuch as Congress haa passed a law giving them
the nionet ,tbey would notre'use to receive it Even.
with fh's issue, and the question of additional taxa-
t on, or arecepti n cf the hnd money, they had the
manliness—np rejoiced to say it—to oppose andre-
^i t the pioffered te^ptanon Thi  result was
evciywhere know  Saca would alwajs be the
case where bppes had been disappeared, promises
broken, ard constitnencies deceived Pass the
presem bill, ?nd, vhustvou keep the premise to
the car, you m I break it to the hope. Reject it,
and you will have redeemed, in part, the pledges
wh ch you have solemnly made.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana, in a brief speech, sup-
roned the bill Ho was for it with the proviso, not-
withstanding the mcrea - of duties which it weu'd
occisión beyond ¡he sums contemplated by the com-
prende ae% and if the provi o *ere stricken out,
be declared t^at the b H nevei would pass He
ihin proceeded 'o shov that ib  cc Rpromise act
contemplate 1 c"is ribu'ion of the proceeds of the
nnbl c Ian Is, and tba this Government should de-
nv° its r<.vei' p ¡rom iTprrts, and imports a'one.
Thp ter s of tie 3' cecnon of the compromi e act
\" ere that s«ch dunes shall le la'd for tne purpose
I (f i 'i ins «uch revenue as sha1! be n-r-essary for
an tconom ea! adm m'tr-mor of the Government.
It n >t on y previ 'ed lh«t dot es should be raised,
but >t prescribed the ourpose- for which they ¡=hou d
b  raised He was al o borne out by circumstwc  ,
ior the men t at voted tor the tomp emise act
vo  d for rtio rtoution.
He revie-ved the history of the distnbuttcn ac%
as it was connected with tbe official acts of tbe pres-
