638
CONGRESSIONAL/GLOBE.
for the relief of Clark Woodroof," passed m May,
1842; which was read the first, and, by unanimous
consent, the seiond t me.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAW, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up, a> in committee of tbe whole, ihe bill
from the House for the relief of Francis Q. Mc-
Cauly.
Mr GRAHAM explained the bill. It was then
(without being amended) reponed to the Senate,
read the third time, and passed.
THE PROVISIONAL TARIFF BILL.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the bill from the
House to extend, tor a limtied period, the present
laws for laying and collecting duties on imports,
was taken up and read the first time
Mr EVANS moved that the bill be now reaj
the second time, with a view to its íeferenee.
Mr SEVIER objected to its second reading
Mr EVANi de Handed the yeas and nay , on the
question, "fahall the bill be read a second time,
with a view to reference?" which were ordered
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that, as ihe yeas
and nays had been called, he would just say he
would vote fur referring the bill to a committee,
certainly, he would for its íeferenee. Bu% it ihe
question was on the passage of the bill, with ihe pro-
viso inserted in it, he would as ceitainly vote
against it He would vote for iu> reference, to give
the Committee on Finance and ihe Senate an op-
portunity to strike out the proviso.
Mr. KlNGr said he would vote against coun-
tenancing the bill, for one moment, in any form
He viewed it as an attempt to force the Senate to
violate a solemn promise made to ihe country, arid
parueuiarly to those who were induced 10 vote for
the distribution law, under the direct pledge lhat
tbe compromise act wa« not to be disturbed He
held that the distribution ¡aw ntirer would have
passed, had it not oecn lor the distinct understand-
ing (as strong a? if it had been made in writing)
with those who voti d for it, that the compromise
act should not be disturbtd, and that, if the rate ot
duties should go above 20 per cent, the distribu-
tion of the sales of the public lands should ceas<
That was the understanding by both Hou^s, deiib
eralely given—ceriamly on the pail of the Senate—
and which induced gentlemen to vote lot the bill,
who would otherwise h.tve opposed it ilernam
tamed that the Senate was bound, by ihe under-
standing, lo rest t the parage of the bill The
Señalo owed it to melt, to us honor and integrity,
and lo thL country and its in tnst-, not to lend its
sanction or countenance, for a moment, to fus bill,
and thereby violate^every obligation to themselves
and the great interests of the country He would
not, as f<tr as he was concerned, give his counte-
nance lo the proposed measure toe a moment.
Mr, EVANS said, any discussion on the merns
of the bill would be inappropriate at this 'stage, he
would not, therefore, say a single word He hoped
the bill would be permitted to take ihe ordinary
course, as it would be brought betore the Senate
again at an early day.
The question wa« then taken on the motion to
read th« bill a second lime, and resulted in the
affirmative, as follows—yeas 28, nays 18
YCAS—Mbesta Aictier Binuw Bates Bayard, Beruen,
Burhirun I tioue CUytor L nrul trills Gimen !en, Evans
Glrahin Ilinungton Kett Wtn'ii n Meuick Miller Moie
head, Phelps, Portei Picuton Kivt, "Mrarnoia brillhofln
diana, lallmdd^c White ind \\ oo tbrid^e—Js
NaY —Messrs Allen ¡5a?ljy Bent n Cuthbert Fulton
Km? I inn Mcltoberts ■íeviei smith of Connecticut blur
Deon Tappdii Walkel, Wilcox Williams, Woodbuiy, Wngli
and Voung—18
The hill was then read ihe -econd timt, when,
Mr. EVAN'S moved that it be referred to th"
Committee oo Finance
Mr SIMMONS taought this bill ought to go to
the Committee on Manufactures, as the whole sub-
ject was b-fore tha' commute He believed tnat
that committee wojM be able 'o satisfy the Sena-
tors on this side (the Democratic side) lhat there
would be do s,reat ¡afrac ion of the compromise
act
Tbe question was then taken, and the liil was
referred to tbe Committee on Fir ice
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mi. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the corunderation, as in committee ot the whole,
f for tbe rtdval ser-
of the bill making sfcpropnatioi
vice for the year 1842
The question immidiately tíendmg was on stri-
king out the following provi* of ihe House to the
ciaus- appropriating |2 33 ,000 for the pay of
c< mmissioned, warrasiti ar  petty officers, and sea-
men, as amended by thiMSettate to read as fol-
lows
"Provided, That, until otherwise ordered by Congress, no
part of this, or any future or existing appropriation, shall be
applied to the payment af any officers in the navy appointed
after this date, beyond the number in each grade now in ser
vice "
Mr. BENTON said the objections which were
taken to this proviso might be reduced to three
general heads- first, to the mode of acting, which
was by a clause in an appropriation bill, secondly,
11 the fickleness which it would thus exhibit in
our public councils, to reduce an establishment
which had been so lately ncreased, thirdly, to the
thing itseif prcposed to be done, which it. called
cut in  down ihe navy To each of these objec-
tions Mr B. believed that a ready answer was at
hand, and would proceed lo show ihem to be un-
founded With respect to the first of fhe«e objec
tions, he said, that in general it was extremely ob-
jectionable to introduce foreign matter into an ap-
propriation bill, and especially to repeal existing
law*, or to regulate existing establishments But the
objection, so strong in other cases, would not apply
in this, for the naval establishment of the Unned
States was not rrgilaied by law, but rested on ex-
ecutive discretion under the act of 1806, and the
only limit upon that discretion was ihe amount
appropriated. The appropriation bill, then, was
the means of control which Congress possessed,
and, in this point of view, it became regular and
ooinittpndab'e to u*e suen a bill ior exerung that
control With respect to fickleness of purpose, the
imputation could have no application to Congress,
for it was not C ingress which had made the large
increa'e tt last year, and med tated the stul larger
for next year, which it was the intention of the
proviso to arrest and reduce,—it was not Congress
which had done this, but the executive department,
an 1, thcieftre, Congress was not reversing its own
policy, oi repealing its own law, or undoing in
1842, what it had done in 1841, but it was
merely acting upon the executive branch of
the Government, and controlling some of its
acts. Congress i alteiing, or abo'ishing, noth-
ing which it has created, and theiefore is not
obnoxuus to the imputation of a fickle change of
purpose With respect lo the thing to be done—
and which is called cutting down the navy, break-
ing it up, dtsiioying it, &e —this is all a mistake,
and a revi-w of authentic fprls will "how it to be
so The proviso only proposes to arrest the in-
crease until the raval establishment fplls back to
what it was a little upwards of one year ago—
January 1, 1841, and to give time to do what all
now admit ought to be done, and what the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Archer] has brought in a bill
to do—namelr, to regulate the naval establishment
, by law. A view of what the establishment was at
the time named, and a comparison with what it
had been, and was proposed to be, will «how that
there is no cutting down, or breaking down, m the
case, but that the establishment would still be left
more than l\\ ice as large as in the time of General
Jackson, and nearly three times as larse as the
proposed peace establishment of 1822, which Con-
gress refused to adopt
Mi B then showed that the actual establish-
ment of the navy in 1822, being 'even years after
the war, Was a fraction under 4,000 men, and cost
about two millions and a quarter of dollar , and
that the proposed establishment at that time did
not exceed that amount, and yet Congress refused
to establish it' The bill for that purpose did not
pass' Mr B said that the bill of 1832, proposed
as ihe naval peace establishment of the United
States provided for—
Rear admirals   ...           1
Crmmodores     ...           5
Captains                        .           .         25
Masters commandant     .           .         30
Lieutenants        .           .           .       190
Midshipmen      .           .           .      400
Surgeons            ...        35
SurgeonV mates             .            .         45
Chaplains           ...           6
Pursers   .           .                                 40
Seamen, boys, &c                       •    3 500
In all, a little over 4,000 men, all told. Yet Con-
gress reí used to adopt tais number. This shows
what Congress then thought of ihe size of a naval
peace establishment Mr. B. was colemporary
with that bill—supposed it—ki.ows the reason
why it was rejected—*nd that was, because Con-
gress would not sanction so large an establishment.
To this decision there was a close adherence for
many years In the year 1833—eleven years after
that time, and when ihe present Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr Woodbury] was Secretary
of the Navy, the naval establishment was but little
above the bill of 1822. It was about five thou-
sand men, and cost about four millions of dollars,
and was proposed by that Secretary to be kept at
«bout that siz*. Here Mr B. read several extracts
from Mr Woodbury's report of 1833—the last
which he made as Secretary of tbe Navy—which
vended these statements. Mr B. then looked
to the naval establishment on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1841, and showed that the establish-
ment had largely increased since Mr. Wood-
bury's report, and was far beyond any calculation
in 1822. The total number of men, of all grades,
in the service in 1841, was a nitle over 8,000; the
to'al cost about six millions of dollar —being
double th  amount and cost of the proposed peace
establishment of the United States in the yea 
1822, and nearly double the actual establishment
of 1833. Mr B. then showed the additions made
by executive authority in 1841, and that the num-
ber of men was carried up to upwards of eleven
thousand, and the expense for 1842 was to ex-
ceed eight millions of dollars' This (he said) was
considered an excessive increase, and the design
of ihe proviso was to correct it, and carry things
back to what they were a year beiore. This was
the design, and this, se far from being destructive
to the navy, was doing far more for it than its
most ardent friends proposed or hoped for a few
years before
Mr B here exhibited a table showing the artnat
s'ate of the navy, in point of numbers, at ttie com-
mencement of the years 1841 and 1842, and showed
that the increase in one year was nearly as great as
it had been in the previous twenty years, and that
its totality at the latter of these periods was be-
tween eleven and twelve thousand men, all told.
The table was as follows-
INCREASE Or OFFICERS OF THE UNITED  STATES
NAVV AND SEAMEN
1822           1841           1842.
Captains,                            31           55           68
Commanders,                     31           55           96
Lieutenants,                    196         288         328
Surgeons,                          46           59           69
Assistant-surgeons and ?    ..            _.            __
passed assistants,     3
Pursers,                            42           53           64
Chaplains,                         10           13           24
Midshipmen and pass-? ,„„          .„,         _,„
ed m^sbiprnen,       f 336         457         553
Petty officers, seamen,? , ...      _...      .
boys,&c.              'j-3,164     7,419     9,784
Mr B said this table spoke for itself—showed
what had been done m one year—the last year,
1841, and presumed it would be harder to justify
the increase from 1822 to 1841, than to justify the
return to that point from the point attained in 1842.
Ttie design of the proviso to the Home bill is to
get back t) 1841, and not only to do that, but to
suspend the further increases which were intended.
These further increases, still contemplated, were
great, and were officially made know  to the Con-
gress, and the estimates «creased accordingly. To
say nothing of wiat was in the Senate in its exec-
ute capacity, Mr B would read a clause from
t'ie report of the Senate's Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, which showed the number of vessels which tbe
Secretary of the Navy proposed to have in commis-
sion, and tbe consequent vast increase of men and
money which would be required [The following
is the extract from Mr Bayard's report 1
' The «econd section of the act of Tongress of the 21st Anril
180b expressly authorizes the President to keep in actual get.
vict, ib tune of peace, so many of the frigates and other pub
«1
*H
fk
*
¡k
tan

