644
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Situated as pames were at present, he thought
it would haye been better had the learned and ven-
erable gentleman from Massachusetts remarked in
a different manner upon the action ff the Senate.
He thought the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Gordon] should have rather thrown oil upon the
troubled waters, than attempt to increase the diffi-
culty between the two Houses. He co ild not eon-
(eive that the dignity of the House had been im-
pugned by the refusal of the Senate to agree to the
ratio of the House He had not read the debate
in that body, and would not ior a moment listen to
rhe remarks which might have been made by any m-
*  mperate man of the S-nate—for such wef e to be
found m alt bodies. He was willing to divide the
difference between the two bodies, though preferring
the large ratio Recollecting that his own State of
Maryland had a Legislature of ber own, which had
charge of its municipal regulations, and all its in-
ternal government, he saw no necessity that she
should have a larger representation here The
powers exercised by Congress were national, and
the questions discussed were sectional Even many
of the Stales elected their Represen lative by general
ticket.
He thought, under these circumstances, consid
erations of economy and convenience should gov-
ern lis in fixing the nze of the House It took
some time to call the yeas and nays, and, b/ the
rules of the House, one-fifth of those prevent could
have them called. The whole day might thus be
taken up in calling the roll. [Here a member
remarked that the yeas and nays of late showed
Mr. J. to be constantly absent from the Hoube.
Mr. J. repelled the charge, and explained the cause
o! his absence—family affliction ) After some fur-
ther remarks, he suggested, in conclusion, that the
House should "¡end a committee of conference to
the Señale, composed—not as ihe gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr Adams] had recommended of
men who would yield nothing, but of mild, con
ciliaiory, and forbearing members, who would
bring about an adjustment, and allow thr State
Legislatures in session to apportion their districts
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana, after an meffect
ual endeavor to get the mouon for a reconsideration
withdrawn, moved the previous question, which
was seconded by the House
The motion to reconsider the vote of yesterday,
by which the Hou<e had refused to recede from its
disagreement of the Sentte'  amendmeat increas-
ing the ratio from 50,176 10 70,680, wa? then ear-
ned—ayes 101, nays 97, as followi
YEAS—Messrs Allen Landaff W Andrews, Appleton,
Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Black Bronson Aaron V Brown,
Mtlton Brown, Charles Brown, Teieraiali Biown, B ir
nell William Butler, Patnck < Caldwell John Campbell,
Thomas J Campbell, Casey, Chapman Ohilds, Chittenden,
John C Clark staleyN Clarke Coles, Cios Daniel Ganelt
Oavis, Everett Fesseoden, fillmore, Thomas F Fostei Gam
ble, Gilmer, Gogsin, P G Goole Grander, Gustlne, Gwin,
Hull, Hopkins ¡Howard, Hunter, limit Charles J IngeioOll,
James Irvin, Jack, James, John W J nes Isaac D Jones,
King, Lane, Lewis, McKay, Samson Mason John Thomson
Manon, Malhiot, Mattock , Maxwell, Miller Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Morrow, Owsley, Parmenter, Pearce Pickens Pope,
Powell, Randolph, Rea 1, Rencher, Ridgway, Rodney Rogers,
William Russell, James M Russell, ¡saltonsiall, ¡Saunders,
Shapperd Blade, Stokely Alexander H II Stuart, lohn T
Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B Ihompson, Richard
W.Thompson, Jacob Thompson Tomlmson, Trumbull, Un
derwood Van Rensselaer Warren, Washington, Watterson,
Edward D White James W Williams, Wise Yorke, Augustus
Younir and John Young—101
NAYS—M-isr-i Adams Arnold, Athcrtun Aycrigg, Baker,
Birdseye Bi rdman Bitts Howne Boyd Biewster Bnggs
Brockway B irke, Willum O Bmlu Green W Caldwell,
Calhoun Will im J Campbell ( aruther  Uiflbid, Clinton,
James Coopei Ma t A < >oper Cowen Cranston, dishing
Richard D Davis Diw on Ue-in Uebsiry 1 astman John
Edwards, Egbert Form Jo n G Floyd Chailes A ri >yd
lornance A law ewe r  rr Gently, Gidding" William O
Goole Gordon Giaham Green llaberahim Harris J hn
Hastings, Hays Hon k Houston HubarJ Hu ¡son Joseph R
Ingersoll William W Irwin William Cos J ihnson f ave
Johnson Kenn John P Kennedy Linn I ittlefield, R bert
AlcClellan McKonnan Mrlveon Marchand, Alfied Marshall
Mayiarc! Med II Menwetiie , Newharl Oliver, Osboine,
Patndge Payne Pen lletc n, Plumer Ramsey Redm0 Rey
nods, Riett, Rie«s Roosevelt Shaw ¡shields Simonton
Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod Stiatton Tilhnghast Toland, Trip
lett ^an Buren, Weller Joseph L White Joseph L Williams,
and Wood—97                                                                    '
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana inquired whether
the qusstion was not now upon receding frsm ihe
disagreement to the Senate's amendment.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative
Mr. THOMPSON   thereupon  moved the pre-
TKKB question.
Mr. BOTTS moved an adjournment.
Mr. GAMBLE asked for the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered
The question on the adjournment was taken by
tellers, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 97,
noes 75.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Juríe 17, 1842
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from cer-
tain merchants of the city of New York, urging
that such an appropriation may be made for the
naval service as will increase the number and effi-
ciency of our ships of war: ordered to lie on the
table, the navy bill now being before the Senate.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which the subject had been re-
ferred, reported a bill ior the relief of certain citi-
zens of the county of Lafayette, in Ihe State of
Arkansas
[This bill modifies the provisions of the pre-emp-
tion portion of the distribution act, by removing the
restrictions which inhibit pre eruption rights in ad-
vance of the surveys, and because land is owned
elsewhere, and allows those for whose benefit the
bill is designed, pre emptions on certain conditions
and for certam reasons.]
The bill was read the first time , and, on motion
of Mr. SEVIER, having been read the second
time, was taken up and considered as m commit-
tee of the whole; and there being no amendment
to the same, it was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading
Mr LINN presented the petition of four or five
hundred inhabitants of the counties of New Mad-
rid and Stoddard, Missouri, in relation to the State
or military road proposed by an act passed at the
last session of the Legislature of lUssoun, author-
izing "thesui vey of a State road from New Madrid,
in New Madrid county, to Point Plea am, thence
through Stoddard county to the Sta'e line which
divides Missouri from Arkansas " The petitioners
say:
"This road will have to cross the 'Big Swamp,'
lying between the two counties before named, and
will run westwardly from Point Pleasant, in the di-
rection to the *Big raft,' in St Fiancis river, and
will terminate, so far only as Missouri is concerned,
at or near the northeast corner of trie State of Ar-
kansas, in 36° 30' norih latitude
' The line which divides Kentucky from Tennes-
see terminates on ihe Mississippi river, immediately
opposiw Point Pleasant, wly>re the road will leave
the river in the same degree of norih latitude,
bringing, at this particular point, Missouri and Ar
kansas together, and Kentucky, Tennessee, Mis-
s un, and Arkansas within a range varying from
on- to twenty five mi'e=, making it but twemy-five
miles from Point Plea ant, in a d'reet west course,_
toArkan a«
"There is no point, ei her in Arkansas or Mis-
souri, wh ch commands so many advantages and
facilities for the transportation of troops, munitions
of war, &c , tu the western frontier of both States,
(\ave the swamp before mentioned,) in case of a
hostile combination being formed by the numerous
Indian tribes on our western borders. In such an
even', it would be desirable that such forces and
supp íes should be transported directly to the west-
ern frontiers of Missouri and Arkansas, instead of
being under the necessity of travelling some two
hundred mi e« out of their way, to avoid the swamp
As it is, th y would hav? to be taken by the way
of Memphis, througn the military road to Little
Rock, wh cb road is, at some particular seasons,
nearly impassable "
Th v say that "no man is perhaps better acquaint-
ed \< ith the disposition and character of the Indians
than Mr Les eur, hav rg traded for many years
amonr' them, and, understanding and speaking
several of the.r languages, he is able to make a
pretty fair estimate of their charao er, and to know
something of their dissatisfaction towards our Gov-
ernment
"Bntibh subjects, being permitted to trade and
traffic among them, are ever ready and prone to
create and stimulate amoDg them a spirit of hatred
towards our Government, and there is no doubt
that they will seize the first pretext offered to form
such a combination, and devastate a defenceless
frontier, but thinly populated, extending, from
north to south, some five or six hundred miles,
within gun-shot of a formidable Indian force, num-
bering above one hundred thousand warriors,
placed, as it were, in a line, from north to south,
the whole extent of our border frontier.
' Point Pleasant, situated as it is, immediately op-
posite the parallel line which divides Kentucky
from Tennessee, has been made the point where
the road should leave the Mississippi river Thi3
parallel line has been made the basis of the State
line between Missouri and Arkansa-, from the St.
Francis river westward to the Indian boundary.
The distance from this place, by way of this line
dividing Missouri from Arkansas, to the Indian
bouadary, is about 295 miles; and from this point,
by way ot Memphis, through the military road, to
Little Rock and to the Indian boundary, the dis-
tance is about 550 miles
"The commissioners appointed by the Legislature
to view and mark out the road, met on the first
Monday in September last, to perform the duties
required by the act
"The .General Assemb'y memorialized Congress,
asking for an appropriation to construct the mili-
tary road already mentioned; but the inhabitants of
New Madrid and Stoddard counties, fearing that
a eajft appropriation would not-be made to carry on
the work in anticipation drew up another memorial,
asking for a grant or cession of the ««surveyed lands
within the limits of said counties, and stating that
the greater portion of which had been reported as
unworthy of survey by survejors employed I y the
Government. They say the intention is, if the
grant or cession is made either to the State, or the
two counties (the latter would be preferable) pe-
titioning for it, to bring the best of this land into
market immediately, proceed to the construction of
the road, and reclaim as much of the inundated
lands as possible, and, as there will be probably a
surplus, to appiy it to the internal improvements of
the two counties "
The memorial was referred to the Commttee on
Public Lands.
Mr. ARCHER, agreeably to notice given, on
leave, introduced a bill to reorganize the Navy
Department of the United Siite , which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee oa Naval
Affairs.
Mr WOODBURY inquired of the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] who reported the above
bill, whether the biH related merely to the civil reor-
ganization of that dersmraent, or whether U applied
also to the military estab^shmrut, and did away
wi h the necessity ot he pro/iso in the navy bill?
Mr ARCH1SR replied that the bdl took cog-
nisance only ot the civil part of the naval estab-
lishment, and had no connexion with the proviso
whicH the Senate had stricken from the nav> bill;
but another bill, coyenng that part of the service,
was under consideration of the Naval Committee.
Mr HUNTIiNGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had been referred the House
bill for the relief of the owners of the ship Lexing-
ton, of Nantucket, reported tbe same back without
amendment, but with a recommendation that it be
rejected
Mr WRIGHT submitted a resolution, which
was rea-i, as follows
Resolved, That, until othei wise or iered the Senate will take
a i eress each day, from two to three o clock p m , and that af
tor the reading of the journal, arJ the transaction of the ordl-
rar> morning business, tl e order of business lor the moroinf
s tung shall be the pubhc bills before the Senate lor ac
tii n 1 the ordei ol business for the afternoon sitting shall be
the pi vate bills upon the calendar exclusively, until those bills
shall ha\ e been acted upon
M W. did not propose to ask the Senate to
coi der the res dation then, but gave nonce that
he woul' make the mouon on Monday next.
Mr GRAFTS, fro rt the Commit ee o  Printing,
reiort da bill to provide for the public printing
and bindng, which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond leading.
air ALLENT submit ed a resolution, which was
rsad, as follows:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
repoit to the Senate, as soon as practicable—
1 The amount of the public debt on the 4th of March, 1841,
including the treasary notes then outstanding, with the other
«ems of such debts                                      "                    *
