CídÑGteSIOHAL GLQBk                                    _'Ify
"■ Ti       ,     *        .        .     "","'                   ' ■■'              '                 "'             .......                         ........'        ~~        ,                                         ■             .......                             , ,           ■                                    '                        ...       „        ,'■
squadrons, 54 vessels, 1,700 guns, 17,000 men,
and 2,000or 3,000 officers) would break down the
whole navy of the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made a few remarks, show-
ing the necessity of paying off the officers and men
of the exploring expedition, and discontinuing the
expense. He was opposed to any ostentation of
emulating the British navy. He did not wish to
see the navy establishment increased beyond what
it is at present. He was unwilling to disturb the
provisions of the bill made by the House. All
those employed should be paid. He supposed, in
the estimates of toe year, provision was made for
the exploring expedition for the full period. He
conceived that expense could now be cut off, so as
to sava the amount estimated for the rest of the
year.
Mr. EVANS explained that the amount for the
remainder of ihs year would be quite inconsidera-
ble. He did not think it would be more thin thirty
or forty thousand dollars.
He then replied to the remarks of the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Cuthbert.] He had merely
to repeat, that the only surplus of appropria-
tion on account of the home squadron was
$394,000; which was not a sum actually in hands,
hut a sum since applied to the discharge of f re-ex-
isting obligations of the department
If it be conceded that the $3,195,442 is neces-
sary for the service of the year, it remains only to
be shown how that sum may be reduced by other
sources, and the balance must be appropriated.
Now, this very $394,000 is the only sum which can
be deducted from the estimates.
Mr. CUTHBERT said it was apparent, from
the statements which had been made by the Sena-
tor from Mame, that a large portion of the expen-
diture was for the outfit of tbe home squadron; if
this were the case, the appropriation made here
ought to be small.
Mr. WILLIAMS said the effsct of the argft-
ments of his colleague, as he understood them, was,
that out of an appropriation of $780,000 for the
year, §400,000 was expendsd in a month.
The question was then taken on the motion to
increase the appropriation from $2,350,000 to
$2,800,000, and resulted in the affirmative—yeas
23, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choato, Clayton. Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Evans, Graham,
Huntington, Kerr, Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, 8muh of Indiana, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—23
NAV S-Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Fulton,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19.
Mr. WALKER offered an amendment to the
effect that no part of tins appropriation shall be
applied to the pay nf any larger number of mid-
shipmen than are now in the service.
Mr. ARCHER would cheerfully give the amend-
ment his support, if the Senator would modify it so
as to admit of the appointment of midshipmen to
fill np vacancies occasioned by resignation or
death.
It seemed to be admitted on all hands that they
ought to stop all further increase of the navy. And
he believed that the Senator from Massachusetts
had stated that there were cases of officers hav-
ing heen passed by inadvertently, whose pro-
motions they would all concur in. But he would
call the attention of the Senate to the fact, that there
was no single gentleman who had voted to strike
out the proviso which came from the House that
d'd not admit 'hat they ought to limit the number
of officers of the navy, and prevent its increase over
what it at present was. It would be quite absurd,
therefore, if, after Congress had adjourned, it woull
ba m I'm power of the Executive to increase the
navy tu an unlimited ex'ent. It wa  the incessant
calls which were trade upun the Secretary >f the
Navy, by individua s who were desirous of having
midshipmen appointed, that occasioned this vast in-
crease. Individuals got mío the navy without the
consent even of the Senate. He hoped they wonlu
agree that this check shou'd be placed upon the
executive power, so that the navy should nut, here-
after, be increased except by act of Congress.
■ Mr. SEVIER observed that his only objection
was; that it would seem as if, for the sake of hav-
ing something to bray about, tbe Senate had put a
limitation on the appointment of poor little mid-
shipmen. Now, he thought the only way to do the
thing proper'y was, to put a stopper on the head of
the evil, instead of beginning at its foot. There
will be nothing to prevent promotions of any num-
ber of midshipmen, leaving vacancies for fresh ap-
pointments to any extent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would suggest a proviso in
place of that stricken out. It was, that the number
of officers shall not be increased beyond the num-
ber in the respective grades at present in commis-
sion. This was not the same as the proviso stricken
out.    It goes to the root of the matter, by saying—
Provided, Tnat, till otherwise ordered by Congress, the
number shall not be increased.
Mr. BUCHANAN said be was very glad that
the Senator had proposed this amendment. As he
had said two days ago, he did not want to reduce
the navy a single man—at least so far as regarded
the officers. And until they adopted some resolu-
tion of this kind, they would never have the navy
regulated by law. This was self-evident. It was
not the interest of the navy to be regulated by law.
The President of the United States was importuned
to make nominations: he naturally yielded to the
solicitations; and when the individuas came be-
fore the Senate, they were usually inclined, out of
pare good nature, to vote for the confirmation of
those nominations. The consequence was, that
the navy was continually being mcieased, through
the good feelings of the President and the Senate,
and it was 'he only branch of the public service of
the country that was not regulated by law. He
would not assert that the present ¡.tandatd was the
best, but it was the standard fixed by an act of
Congress. He thought the amendment of the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky was better than
the proviso inserted by the House, because it goes
directly to the point; being a plain legal declara-
tion what should be the number until Congress
should otherwise provide.
Mr. WALKER withdrew his amendment, giv-
ing notice that he would renew it in case the
amendment submitted by the Senator from Ken-
tucky should fail.
Mr. HUNTINGTON considered the proviso
offered by the Senator from Kentucky the same in
substance, if not in form, as that which the Senate
had agreed to strike out yesterday. He hoped the
amendment would not prevail.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made a modification to his
amendment, so as 'o read as follows:
Provided, That, until otherwise ordered by Congress, the
officers of the navy, at present, shall not be increased beyond
the number m the respective grades that may exist at the end
of the present session of Congress.
He had made this alteration in view of the
nominations now under consideration, «o as not to
embarrass tb<f Esecutive or Senate. He saw no
reason why the navy should be exempted from the
same check of Congress as the civil and military
departments. When every thing is fixed by law,
all goes on harmoniously.
Mr. WALKER asked the Senator to modify his
amendment by adding, "nor of midshipmen be-
yond the number now in the service."
Mr. ARCHER admonished the Senator from
Mississippi not to embarrass his proposition by
attaching it to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden ] If
he did, both would fad.
Mr. WALKER insisted on his amendment to
the amendment; and
Mr. CRITTENDEN accepted it as a modifica-
tion of his.
Mr. ARCHER said the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] was tbe
identical amendment as was voted down by
the Senate after a debate of two days. The iden-
tity of any proposition wss tobe estimated by the
eamenets o! its effect. The proviso of the House,
voted down by the Senate, inhibi'ed the payment, to
any office! appointed after the present tune, to any
part of (he appropriation for the pay oí officers,
&c , and virtually reatiicted ihe appointment.
Whatever might b? tbe de -gn of the Senator from
Kentucky, the amendment goes to limit ihe whole
number of officers in each grade in the naval >er-
vice.
If the object of the Senator was to prevent an
increase in the, number of officers, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from. Mississippi [Mr.
Walker,] to prevent theappointraent of any.mid-
shipmen after this time, would most effectually, ac-
complish that object. But does the- Senator, from
Kentucky mean to say that there shall be no- power
in the Senate and Executive combined to promote
meritorious men? Such was the effect of Jiis^prop-
osiiion—an object the last in the contemplation of
his mind. Does he mean to say that, until. 'Con-
gress shall hereafter think proper to act, no officer,
whatever his merits, shall be advanced in grade?
The effect of the amendment, he oontended,vwas
to confine officers to their present grade—was to
preclude their advancement after, having sewed
their country faithfully—some of them for mere
than twenty-nine or thirty years. We not only
prevent their advancement, but cut off oar capacity
to advance them. No such restriction would be
attached to any other service of the Government.
We would have full power to promote officers of
the at my. Are we, by this act, prepared to create
another distinction between the army and navy, in
favor of the army of the United States?. .
The amendment not only restricts the naval ser-
vice, but militates a self-denying agsinst ourselves.
You stultify yourselves as a body sustaining nóm-
¡nations. Is it possible that we cannot keep the
offices of the navy at a proper limitation, without
denying our own consti'ntional action? The. adop-
tion of ihe amendment would operate asaítigma
on the Senate. If we can, wihout stifling* !onr-
selves, adopt an amendment which will accÓBísplish
the same object—the limitation of the number oí
officers—why should we adopt one which stigma-
tize  us, to accomplish that object? Every ten
years the officers of the army go up one grade by
brevet. Why should the Senate cut off its„owa
power to do justice to the officers of the navy?
Why should it stultify its own legitimateauthojrjtyí
Why cast a siigma on itself? He hoped the Sen-
ate would adhere to its vote.
Mr. KING said he differed entirely from the
honorable Senator; and he thought the Senator
would find, upon further reflection, that he had
been laboring under an error throughout his. whole
argument. The Senator would not increase the
number of the officers of the navy; yet they were
to have twenty captains more. The Senator would
perceive that it would rest with the Senate and the
President whether they would fix the higher, grades;
and appointments might go on through the whole of
the session. The objection raised the other day wag,
that individuals who had deserved promotion had
been kept back. But the oljection was, now, that
the door would be opened too widely for their ad-
mission.
In regard to the navy, he (Mr. Kino) had al-
ways shown that he wa« in favor of fostering that
arm of the national defence. He desired to give it
every possible efficiency; but he was inclined to
believe, with the Senator from Kentucky, thattbey
were creating an enormous expense, by pushing
the matter of promotions too rapidly; and this he
would desire to provide a check against. And he
thought he would best show, by the vote which
he was about to give, tbathe was a true friend to the
navy. He desired th¿t tt should be put upon the
same footing as the army. If they could not reg-
ulate its numbers by law, they should take the
next best course, and that course was now opened
to them; bat they ought not to make an increase of
the numbers.
Mr. SEVIERdesired to add a line or two, to the
effect that all vacancies for midshipmen shall be
filled from States which ha---e hitherto not had their
due share of the appointments of midshipmen, if
applications be made from such States.
Mr. BUCBANAN hoped the Senator would
withdraw his proposition.
Mr. SEVER withdrew it.
Mr   CRITTENDEN observed that he voted
yesterday to strike out the proviso in the bilí, be-
cause it was to go into immediate operation, and
prevent the Senate from acting on nominations for
promotion now in contemplation, and on which he
desired the Senate to reserve the power to act.
Now that difficulty is removed in the proviso
i
