$w
So the apportionment bill noto only needs the signa-
ture of Ike President to beco-ne a law. [The number
Of the House, according to the bill, will be 223
members, and the States are ordered to elect, in all
pases, by district ]
THE TARIFF BILL.
The House resolved itself into Committee oí
the Whole on the tariff bill, (Mr. McKennan in the
chair.)
Mr. SALTONSTALL had the floor from the
last day on which the tariff was under considera -
tion, and he commenced wuh sorre remarks on
the importance of a speedy disposal of the tariff
tjuestion. The credit and the business of the coun-
try were in such a condition, that they should let
nothing else interpose to prevent an carl/ disposal
of it; and the wants ot the treasury and the inter-
ests of the people alike called for a speedy levision
Of the tariff. The commercial and manufacturing
interesa  were not alone in call.ng for action on
this subject: the agricultural interests were alike
involved ia it ; aud they had received memouals
from the South ar.d the West, and, no longer since
than this morning from 600 or 700 persons in Vir-
ginia, asking Congrcs for a tariff for the protec-
tion of domestic manufactures.
He next reviewed the deficient receipts of sev-
eral years past, to show, by their inadequacy to
meet the demands of the Government, that a re-
vised tariff was necessary to meet the ordinary ac-
cruing expenses, and the debts already contracted.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means had shown that from §26 000 000 to
$27,000,000 would be required for the next year,
and they had no sort of assurance that they could
get on with less; but the present laws would not
produce more than $15,600 000.
On the subject ot home valuation, he said the
Committee on Manufactures had íeceived the tes-
imony ol men of different classes, from every por-
ion ot the Union, and they agreed that the home
valuation was impracticable. A committee of the
Senate, which had had this subject under consider-
ation from an early part of the session, were also
of opinion that it could not answer the purposes
for which it was intended, and that the only
mode was to add an ad valorem duty to the in-
voices. It was the opinion also of merchants
throughout the country, that specific duties were
the most advisable, as then the duties would be
equal in eveiy portion of the country.
He commented on the new tatiff system of S r
Robert P<.el, and entered into some gener.il state-
ments of the operation of the piopo'ed tariff un ler
discussion, and its probable productiveness on sev
etal enumerated anieles of manufacture, to aid
the treasury of the nation; «nd & ncludrd with an
appeal to the House to pas> a measure wine i was
alike advantageous to the manufacturing, the nav-
igating, and the planting interests of the country—
to the South and the West, as well as to the North
and the East—to the poor man, whose business it
would simulate, as to the manufacturer and the
merchant, whose capital it would employ. It was,
in fact, the great quesiion of the c mntry, aad of
all elates throughout its vast extent.
Mr. HABERSHAM then got the floor, and said
that  he  would  yield  it   for  a   motion that the
commiitee rise, or, as ihe chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was anxious to get up ihe
bill in relation to contingencies, he would, if it was
the pleasure of the House, move to take up  that
bill.   [Cries of "Rive, rise."]   Mr H. then moved
that the committee rise; which motion was carried-
ayes 70, noes 60.
So th-> roir,mitt«c rose, and reported progress
Mr   THOMPSON of Indiana moved that the
Hou<e resolve i¡s*>)f into Committee of ih  Whole,
for'be purpose of takirg up the bill  reported by
the Committee of fa;  and Meatis making appro-
priations for crtdin contingent expenses of the
Government.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjou-n- re-
jected—ayes 68, rces C9.
The questim wa. tl en  tak« n en Mr.  Thomp
son's motion io take up the b I1 miking approba-
tions for certain coutirgent expenses,  and lost—
* %e* 52, noes 55.
Mr. 'WISE moved that ths House adjourn.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ANDREWS cabed for ihe jeas and  nays
which, being ordered, resulted in yeas 79, nays 73.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Satdbday, June 18,1842.
Mr. GRAHAM presented a petition from* James
Heron, praying that Congress will extend the time
of his patent for certain improvements incite mode
of constructing railways. He says that, owing to
the embarrassments ot the country, and the conse-
quent prevention of the building of railways, he
has not been able to realize any profit from his
patent, and therefore prays that the time for winch
the patent shall run may be extended to 30, in-
stead of 14 years, as the laws now authorize: re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr HENDERSON presented a petition from
Silas M Caichmg, praying that Congress will ptr-
mit him to lelinqur-h a certain tract of land erro-
neously entered, and to enter anolher tract in lieu
thereof: referred to the Committee on Patents aad
the Patent Office.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying that Con-
giess will impose such a tariff of duties as will ef-
fec'ually protect American labor; and, also, that
Congress will repeal that provision of the distribu-
tion act which inhibits such distribution, if the con-
sequence will be an increase of duties beyond 20
per cent: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
a number of hemp growers and manufacturers of
hemp, in the State ot Kentucky, praying ihat Con-
gress, in the adjustment of ihe tariff, wi 1 give pro-
lection to them, and to all branches of domest c
manufactures, referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the papers of the
administrator of Joseph Elton, deceased, late mar-
shal of the divtnc of Vermont, were ordered to be
taken from the files of the Senate, and leferred io
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the-Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which had been referred
the amf ndments of the House to ihe bill confirm-
ing certain land claims m Louisiana, reported ihe
same back, and asked Ihe concurrence of the Sen-
ate therein
Messrs. HENDERSON and CONRAD explain-
ed the amendments, and Messrs 6}cROBER.TS
and KING opposed the passage of one of the
claims—which, it seemed, involved the quantuy of
3 000 acres of land, purchased of the Indians for
$100, whi'-h the Spanish Government had never
confirmed. The question vs-as, however, taken,
the amendments concurred in, and the bill ordered
to a third reading.
0.1 motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, additional tes-
timony having been received in support of the
claim of Thomas B Parsons, which had been re-
ported on uafavorably by the Naval Committee,
the matter was again committed to that com-
mittee.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
towheh h?d been, referred House bill to extend
for a limited period the present laws for laying and
collecting duties on imports, reported the same back
wuhout amendment
Mi E said he desired to call the attention of
the Sena'e to this bill at as rarly a day as possible.
He gave notice that he would ask its considera-
tion on Monday next ; bw if th°re was any
probab lity that the Senate would accede to
the wisbrs of the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, to take up the bill to provide fur her
remf.lial justice in tbe c mrts of ihe Unite t Stite-,
on Mond.iy next, and that it could be dispos d oí
rn 'hat day, he would rot press the motion all
Tuesday.
Mr. E. a'so, from tbe Ci.mmittee on Finance, re-
ported back to the Senatf, with certain am' nd-
ments, the bill from tbe Hoa'e making appropria-
tions for f-e support of the army, ard fortne mil-
¡*ary academy at West Point, for the year 1842 ,
wbiJi were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN said, in relation to tbe inquiry
of ihe chairman of the Committee on Finance,
as to tbe probability of the final disposition of the
bill to provide farther remedial justice m the Umte4
States courts, that he must be under ihe direction
of the Senate in tbe disposition of that bill. He,
however, believed that it was important to tbe in-
terests of the country that the bill should be dis-
posed of at an early day; and to secure the action
of the other House on it, no time should be lost in
disposing ot it. JEie thought it could be passed on
Monday, if it «hould be takpn up on that day.
Mr. PRESTON said that there was great ne-
cessity that the bill from the Finance Committee,
above alluded to, should be taken up on Monday
and acted on. It was of more importance than
any other matter awaiting the action of the Sen-
ate. It involved very important considerations,
under existing matters; and the sooner that we get
into the discussion of it the better.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back to the Senate, without
amendment, the bill to authorize tbe construction
of a bridge at Harper's Ferry.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill for the re-
lief of certain citizens of the counties of Lafayette
and Henderson, in the State of Arkansas, being
engrossed, was take  up, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SEVIER moved the Senate to take up the
bill to provide for the satisfaction of the claims
arising under the 14th and 19th articles of the
treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, concluded in Sep-
tember, 1830.
Objection having been made,
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nayb on
the motion, which were ordered; and the question
being put, it was decided in ihe affirmative—yeas
25, nays 10.
The bill was then taken up as in committee of
the whole; and several amendments submitted by
Mr. SEVIER, and one by Mr. PHELPS, to pre-
vent frauds under the board proposed to be estab-
lished to adjust those claims, were adopted. An-
other amendment (calculated, as was contended
by Messrs. WALKER, MOREHEAD, and SE-
VIER, who opposed it, to defeat the end of justice)
was introduced by Mr. PHELPS In ihe discus-
sion on tbisamendmem, Messrs. SEVIER, MORE-
HEAD, WALKER, and LINN, advocated the pas-
sage of the bill, on the ground that it was due to
the claimants unfer the treaty, as a measure of
even handed justice Mr. PHELPS opposed it, be-
cause frauds might arise under it, and because the
bill was not sufficiently restrictive to prevent frauds;
and Mr HENDERSON opposed it because it was
too restrictive, and operated unjustly on assignees.
The amendment pending was not disposed of when,
On motion of Mr. ARCHER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 18,1842.
Mr. WHITE of Louisiana expressed his thanks
to the Speaker for awarding to him the floor, and
thereby giving bim the privilege of making a mo.
lion important to civil libetty and the rights of
man; which, he said, were daily compromitted, out-
raged, and trampled under foot, in tnis city, by the
manner of making arrests in cases of debt. It was
the practice here to hold citizens to bail; or, in de-
fault thereof, to imprison them, without any evi-
dence of debt whatever, other than the mere allega-
tion of the plamuff.   As  an explanation of the
general practice, he referred to a particular case__
that of a gentleman from Louisiana, one of his
cons ltuenls, who, coming here on important busi-
ness with Congress, had been sued in tbe court here,
and required to give bail in the sum of $9,000; for
which he was now in duress of his liberty—a prison-
er in the custody of the marshal. Here was the case
of a danger m the city, brought he-e on import-
ant bu*mess wi'h Congress, thrown into close jail,
wuhout any evidence of debt other than the absurd
remnants of barbarism contained m the declaration
of Mic plainnff, which contained nothing but fiction
from beginning to end, and nothing by which the
defendar t could knuw what he was sued for.
There was not even the affi 'avit of the plaintiff,
showing his belief in tbe justice of his claim. Mr.
W. read the writ by which the gentleman was in -
