CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
prisoned, and the declaration aifd by the plaintiff's
lawyer, the absurdities of which occasioned great
laughter in the House. To remedy the evil com-
plained of, Mr. W. begged leave ¡to introduce a
bill to regulate mesne process in Washington coun
ty, in the Dntnct of Columbia Ti^e bill provides,
that hereafter no person sb'll be impn oned or
held to bail in this county, unless the e be an affi-
davit of the plaintiff, or his agem, provm? the jus-
tice of the debt. Tne «ec >nd s-ction provides that
any persons now imprisoned without affidavit, or
sufficient cause of action, shall be bet at liberty,
unless the plaintiff, or his agent, should, in a given
time, file such affilavit
The bdt having b en read twice—
Mr. FILLMORE submitted to his friend the
propriety of referring the bill to the Committee for
the District of Columbia. A bill of that descrip-
tion certainlv required some consideration
Mr. THOMPSON ot Indianasaidthat thJ Com-
mi'tee for the District of Columbia had already re-
ported a bill to abolish imprisonment for debt in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. WHITE was aware that such a bill had
been leported, but it was one that would probably
lead to much discussion. Tins bill involved no
principle that could be objected to; and he thought
it could be spsedily passed. Mr W. then moved
a suspension of the rule, for the purpose of putttng
the bill on its fina1 passage.
The question was put, and the motien to suspend
the rules was carried
Mr FILLMORE did not understand the propriety
of legislating for one half the District, which was
only ten miles square
Mr WHITE saiu he had no objection to include
Alexandria count), though he uiderstood tuat the
cruel practice he wished to abohsh did not prcva 1
on that wde of the river.
Mr. LINN said the gentleman from Louisiana
was surely mistaken, when he supposed the rights
of citizens could b  violated here without laf He
supposed that the judses here could grant a writ of
kabeas corpus, and inquire into any false or vex-
atious imprisonment .
Mr. WHITE said that the habeas empus had
nothing to do wiih the case He applied to the
judge of this District in the case of the gentleman
from Looi-iana, to whish he had referred, and was
informed that he could take no notice of any such
ease*, and could not interfere with the marshal in
the execution of his duty.
Mr. WM W. IRWIN was surori cd ft the
opposition that had been mads to this bill; and,
coming from a State where imprisonment for debt
was abolished, he felt deeply interested m it. He
would propose, at once, to abolish imprisonment
for debt here, did he not believe that the House
was not } e' prepared foi such a measure As it
wai, he would vo'e for this bill, m order to remedy
the cruel injustice n the particular ease to which
allusion had been made
Mr ROOSEVELT objee ed that the^e was no
provisto i in iha firs' s etion compelling th  defend-
ant to enter hi , appearance and defenl the 'uit
Mr. R then moved the previous quest.on, which
was seconJed, an 1 tie main qaesl.on ordeied;
when
Mr. HOUSTON ca.led *or the jras and nays
on ths ma n question oí engrossment, but they
were not ordered
The question ras the   put,  and caiaed—ayes
76, n^es 54.
Th" question coons,: up on   the passage of the
bl''—
Mi  TURNEY asued if it had been engrossed?
The SPEAKER rephei  n the negative
Messrs. TÜRMEY aid HOUSTON   t' en   ob-
jected n putting tie question on tie passage of the
bill at Ibis time
The SPEAKER s->id that ihe rule*  wee  sus
pended lor (be pu-p st of pin he? the bio    t 
passage, and the q íea'ion trust theietore be put
Tne bill wd- then read the thiru time, alen
Mr. POWELL, alter a few remaik*, moved to
lay ihe bill on the table
Mr. WHITE opposed ¡he mo ion, at\=r w uer,
the qivsjau was U'sea, and it wi- lejecud
Mr. CO WEN moved to refer tne bill to the
Committee for the District of Columbia: rejected.
Mr. JAMES called for tbe yeas and nays on the
question of the passage of the bill, which were or-
der-d; and, on calling the roll, resulted in yeas 133,
uays 35.
YDAS—Aiesors Sherlock T Andrews, Arnold, Atherlon,
Aycti^g Batton, Bidlack, Black, Boardman, Borden, Bowue,
Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Milton Brown, Charles Brown Uurlre,
William O Butlei, Gicen W Caldwell Calhoun William B
Campbell, Casey, Chapman Chi ds, John C Clark, totaley
N ClaiKe, ClifTud, Cole , Cranst n, ( ravens, Crosn, Gushing,
Daniel, Garielt Davis Richard D Divi«, Dean, Deberry Dot",
Eastman, Fei i .a, Fessenden, John G Floyd, Charles A F)o)d,
Fornance A Law i euce F is er Gamble, Gently, Gilmu, Gog
gin Patrick G Goode Gordon, Gi en Gwin, Habetsham,
Hall Hairis, Houck, Howard Hubard Hunter, Hunt, Charles
J lngersoll Junes lrvm, William W Irwin, Jack, Cave
Johno m, Kcim, John P KenneH, King, Lane, Lutlefield,
lowell, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Marchand,
Mathews, Maynard, Mil er, Mitt hell, Moore, Morgan, I\ew
hard Oliver Osboine, Owsley Paimenter, Ftarce, Pendleton,
Pickens Pmmei Fioifi Read, Re ling, Rhett, Rtdgway,
Rod icy, Rogers Roosevelt, William Ru=bell, Sanfotd, tohaw,
¡shield , Irtiman omith, feprigg, ¡?tat ly, Steemod, btiatton,
Alexander H H Stuart, John T Stuart Sweney, Tahafuro,
Tohn B ihompson Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Toland, Triplett, Underwood, Van Iiuren, Van Rensselaei,
Wallace, Washington, Watterson Edw D White, Joseph L
White Tas W Williams, Chnstopher H Williams, Wise,
Wood Yoike, and Tohn Young—133
Nils-Messrs Birdseye, Patrick C Caldwell, Chittenden,
Mark A Cooper Cowen, John Fdwarda, Everett, Tillmore,
Thomas V Foster William O Goode, Hopkins Joseph R
lngersoll, James, Tom Thomson Mason Mattock , Maxwell,
Meuwelhei, Moirow, Patndge Payne, Powell, Ramsey, Ran
dolph Rayner Riegs Tames M Russell Saltoiistal! Saunders,
Shepperd Simonton, Snyder, Summers, Turney, and Augustus
Youn¿—Jo
So the biU was passed.
The bill from fh° Senate for the relief of Charles
H Atherion was passed
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the House took
up ihe navy appropr ation b II, with the amend-
ments of the Senate there o, and, ort his motion,
the amendments were ordered to be printed.
After some conversation between Messts FILL
MORE and WISE as to the committee to which
the bill and an, ndments should be referred, a mo-
tion was made thai thev be rererred to the Com-
mit'ee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said he wished lo of-
fer a resolution of inquiry into the reasons for
making the increase in the amendments of the
Senate. He thought it was due to the House that
it should know the grounds for the additional ap-
propriation.
Here Mr. FILLMORE rose to a question of or-
der, but was overruled
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said he would sug-
gest to the Committee on Naval Affairs to bring in
a statement, showing the amount which would be
required to keep the vessels now m commission in
service until the end of me jear At present, the
H use was n the dark If the chairman of the
committee coul 1 not furnish the information, he
should offer a resolution, calling upon the Secre-
tar) of the Navy for a statement of the amounts
expended and required.
Mr BDRNELL moved that ihe Committee on
Naval Aflfdirs be instructed to report an amerd-
mca. to the bi'l, providms for an exammat on ot
tne naval eppientic", aid lb.  appointment of such
as m-sy be founl ti te meritorio 'S, or> accent of
then moral and mtellectna1 qaal ties, to the post o
mid h pmen Mr B adjre=sed ie H a e lo
some time in aver ot the instruction, he had
moved He asked if it was proper tha* apprentices
s.iould not be con  dei^d good enough to be put
i'pon si equ mty v?¡i i tue ons of o*her Americans.
H« cemp'amed mat the navy «as m the hands oe
ire r eh In the lair> dis *\H wmch he represented,
it h?d t-een ,ni o ib'e to oj am an appointment f
the ns.vy
Heie Mr •?. MASO\ tose to a question of or-
dt.r, un*1! was overru'ed
ft.r LURNELL he" roseedef, aft ¡remark
g iba a^ be d 1 iiot m ble t e Housp often, he
i ned h- wool! be atte i^ed to About f >r )eat^
v.ne^>, au apphc^ti n v as made from h s district—
a district who e shipping amounted to 200,000
m*, and wh"s  «eamen to 17 000—or th
ffpointTeat ot a young man to the post o
in dsh pman. Year after year the app ration was
prtsse', nn'il the yourg man was too old, and
it.in he was told n was too 'ate. He wou d
sí) to he poor teat, whatever others m ¿ht do,
II
their right should be heard upon that floor. H«
would plead for the rights of ths boys who entered
the navy, not at the cabin windows, but on th 
bows, and who would make the best commanders
to bear the me eor flig of the nation. It had been
sa'd that to encourage these apprentice boys would
breakdown ILe "pride" of ihe navy—as if they
would not be the pride of their country. He asked
that they might have a chance fi r distinction, and
not be alwav confined to their humble position.
Mr PROFF1T thought the remaika of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts unnecessary, and de-
nied that apprentices were prohibited from becom-
ing midsmpmen There were at present 5 000 ap-
plications for midshipmen's warrants. Yet, al-
though the State of Ma*sachuie'ts had more than
her *bare, the gentleman [Mr. Eurnell] had com-
p aned that one young man ¡rom his district was
not appointed. What was the effect of the elo-
quent speech made by the gent eman? It was to
create distinctions between the rich and the poor.
It was ultra-radical Locofocoism. In saying so,
he did not intend to apply the ier«i to any gen-
tleman or parly in the House. [Laughter ] Gen-
tlemen migh; but they kne.w not the mean-
ing of the word locofoco. Mr P. then gave his
definition of a Locofoco, whom he considered as a
dissatisfied, discontented individual, willing and
ready to tear down all government, in the hope
that something would turn up to his own advan-
tage. He thought there were Whig-Locofocos as
well as Van Bi,reii Locofocos—mm who were
always telling the people that they were badly
treated.
He defended the naval-appientice system as at
presen* organized. He -aid that recruiting offi-
cers had told him that boys were er Vsted because
they were so bad that then parents could do noth-
ing with them Yet gen lemen insisted upon tell-
ing these bad boys—put in the navy as the only
hope of making any thing of them—in advance,
that they were to beofFicrs at all events.
Mr P stated that he himself knew of three in-
stances where apprentices had been appointed mid-
shipmen. Notwithstanding the prejudices attempt-
ed to be created ag^mst the army and navy, every
boy from his oivn State who had been appointed
either to West Point or the navy was poor.
Mr. ADAMS remarked, that the gentleman
from Indiana, as he understood him, declared that
Massachuse'ts had a disproportionate number of
officers in Ihe navy.
Mr PROFFIT had made his statement from
the table lead to the House by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr  C>iDEawoJDj some days since.
Mr ADA.MS 'nrjuired how many post-captains
there were froti Mo sachusetts
Mr. PROFFIT said he cid not know, but Mas-
sachusetts had more than her share of officers.
Mr ADAMS said tbe gen leman had changed
his posiiion. Woult be tell t e House ihe propor-
tion between th sailors fiotn Massachusetts and
Indiana?
Mr. PROFFIT sail In^ ana was an inland
^ta.e, and it could not be expected lhat she would
rn've so many sailor  as Massachusetts He did
not care f Massachusetts had all—both officers
aid men—nrovuleJ they wer  good
Mr ADAMS wished to know faotv many post-
captain0'
Mt. PROFFIT said thae wera but two midship-
men and ere officer m th? civil service irona Indi-
ana. Yet Indiana wa> entity ', by the new cen-
sus, to a^ nan y as Il"ssacl i-si'is,
Mr ADAMS toen sa. (hit n s State had not
one pos* captor m the nav), although she fur-
n «hed < mi-fi . of the seamen Tbe State of
Virgin a hoi ever, had ñire po t cap'ams. Here
i be corvei~afon between Messis. P. and A drop-
I er, a id
Mr. iTcKEON ob'-ned ihe floor, and thanked
ire g n'! man trim Mí ^ctuse s [ftlr Bornbll]
lo. bnn  ng t'ie subj ct of tbe n .v*!-appren ice
sj- em before tne Ho t^e He tomp'amed of the
-ule accordin- to wh -h .'>' -i p ent ce^ coull only
be.ppo.ntcd md hip n n fo' ff mo^t extraoidi-
na.j ser*'ie 3 If an ' hi g i^ the wo-ld was axis-
toe acy, it w„s this. Tie spprea'.c-o were told,
' You are of one c'ass, and you miiJ  remain in
