£52
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thai class " He knew apprentices in the navy as [!
well educated and, if gentlemen pleased, as well
born, as most of the midshipmen Yet these
youths, because they belonged to this class, were
only enabled to rtach the post of boatswain' 
mate, as the highest honor that could be bestowed
upon them He (Mr. McK ) wjjnld imitate the
policy of Napoleon, m proraotir g merit from what-
ever rank it might be fonnd. He saw no hing
wrong m te'Hng mese apprentices that the highest
honors might oqe day be conferred upon them.
He wished, in the vote upon the resolution to see
who would tell the sailor that he might become,
m the natura', and not the extraordinary s ate of
things, a post captain
The naval apprentices were not sons of members
of Congress Many of th^m were friendless and
homeless, and had no one to intercede f >r Ihem
with the authorities of the country If h  had the
power, he would break down the aristocratic «pint
in the navy, or refuse one cent to it He did not
wish its benefit or burdens to fall upon any one
class exclusively. At preset t, however, if an ap.
prentice applied for a midshipman's warrant, the
very fact that be was such opera'ed against him
Here Mr WISE denied this statement, and, af-
ter some conversation between himself and Mr
McKEON—
Mr C BROWN said he would state a fact. A
-young man wrote to him irom on board the " Con-
stitution," asking for a midshipman'  warrant, and
enclosed a recommendation from a large nam
ber of the member1, of the Pennsylvania
Legisla'ure. Supposing, from, the feet thai
the youig- man wroie on board the ship, that
he was an apprentice, he so stated to the
Secretary of the Navy, who informed him, by
letter, that the appointment could not be conferred
on an apprentice. Afi°iwards, he went to «ee the
Secretary, whoenteied into 11 argument to prove
that the service would be piejudiced by holdim  out
hopes of promotion to the apprentices. The e
were facts, he cared not for rules which irnsht be
adopted by the Secretary of the Navy The ap
prentices were put on boaul of receiving ships, and
made to splice ropes, and do all other woik which
might be put upon them, whilst the young midship
man was putm an elegant hall, with every comlort
around, and accomplished professors to each him
the several branches of knowledge
Mr McKEON said his coDea^u", who sat near
him, ci uld fisufy to the truth oí these facts He
then de.endtd himself and his co'leagne  irom tbi
charge of demolition, or 01 demolishing iheiii*ti u-
tions of (lie country There was a gemleman
preaching to them what locofooi'm wa , and he
(Mr M'-Keon) vvouli tell them what it was It
was that ooctnoe which held the poor and the
rich to be equa'—perftc ly equal B cause the
parents may have been unforiunate, the son should
not, necessarily, be made to enter where "fashion
sparkles m the halls of light " It was the spirit
ef aristocracy against which he warred, and he as-
«erted that they nould break down the navy unless
they popularized it more The spirit of our msti
tuttons was essentially democratic, th- anatomy of
the system was democratic, but ihe fibres were
monarch al end ariMocranc It w?s said thnt
they ce add not ha e 1 1 a my and a navy un'ess
they had , fid eri)«n ¡or b ir ( fi'cer% a"d that they
Couid not ha><e ptn'itii) u t n es tiev pa 1 (or
them But ¡etth m tpk caret t thv <'d not r
ate a sp rit adyt rse to the tiivy Wuen t >il n
tere-<iej in tne arojy ind th  navy, and in their
welfate ard glory?
Mr WISE di sired perrmss'on to make an ex
planatioB, and he could -atisty the gentleman, and
«cosier e tilt tstement he had mai'e witl the letter
of ihe Secretar} oí the Navj For years pnoi to
1801, tilde wa gr.-at di'íic ity, a  now, in enlist
mg coir m n s«amen for t ie United States service,
and the great tuject iia 1 btep 1 ad it sene sy -
tem by las, ly  pci t e nava, service v oui 1
be leciunfd o co 1 1/1 > 1 ¡1 '<•, ind another, b/
whicH omctis w ul'  oe a         1     Th   sys en by
which the common  sai ors  we'e  to be oroccied,
was the apprenticeship sys em, and if tnt gen 1
suso from New York and from Pennsylvania had
tetó titálaw of 1837, they would see that, 1 f there was
any anstocracy in ihe system, it was found m the
act of Congress The act of the 21 Marco, 1837,
made it lawful to enlist boys in the navy, m which
they should serve until th«y were 21 yeais of age,
and it was supposed tha', after being bred to that
service un il 21 years of age, they would then go
to it as a matter of course for a living, and tnus
the difficulty of obtaining raen would be lemoved.
And so far the system had worked beautifully; they
had from 1,200 to 1 500 boys preparing to become
the seamen of the navy, and were educated to do
that which these aristocratic tdvo^ates would not
let them do, they learned to rattle the ropes
Mr. CHARLES BROWN. I would have the
officers learn that too
Mr. WISE. They were taught to rattle the
ropes, instead of being put 10 study Vattel and La
Place, mathematics, ani navigation This country
murtt have sailors lor it5 navy and for the mer-
chant-service, but some of the'e Jack Cad^s would
have them all officers—captains, commodores, or
admirals (if any •dsould be permiu d)—and no sail-
ors They might thus have an admiral, but not an
admirable navy When the law of 1837 was
passed, it was not thought arti democratic or aris-
tocratic to educate men to be sadors, they looked
upon sailors as respectable m n, and they wished
to make them more so, by taking them when
young—while no bad habits v/ere formed—and put
them under strict discipline, to fit them to defend
the flag of the ountry as long as they had one on
tne ocean. But this was tobe done voluntarily,
th re was to bj no impressment, ¿uarri ans and
parents were required to give their cons<nt, and
the boys weie to be over thirteen and t.nder seven-
teen year- of a^e, and they were bound tj serve
until ihey were .wen y one Thus the gentleman
would «ec wh/ the S cretary of the Navy wrote the
letter whirh had been referred to Be'ore promo-
tion could be made, the apprenticeship must be
cancelled, and therefore the Secretary was bound
ti tell the gentleman that an apprentice couid not
be made a midshipman But there was nothing m
th« law which said that an apprentice boy should
not be promoted after his term of service expired,
nir was there anything which said that he might
not be released from his indentures, if there was
extraordinary merit discovered in him, but the Sec-
retary was hound to write that, whue the indentures
of apprenticeship weie in force, ne apprentice
could not be promoted. This was All so plain and
obv oui, lhat he could not elaborate it further.
Tne gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Chíblbs
BnowNJ told them some time ago that he had been
the npiam of a small coaster, but he miaht have
been the captam of such a vessel, and know no
more of a ma  of war thin a hog knows tf a
holyday W )>ild th-y p it ad thair appren'iees to
study mathematics, i ni languages, jn erna wnal
law navigation, naval construction,and the higher
branches of the mathematics? What time would
these boys have to learn to climb the ropes, if they
were to be taught all these things? Aid what
would be the expense to the country, if, instead of
a school for sailors, they kept upa school for lin-
guists and mathematicians'! The country could
not bear the expense of giving this education to
from twelve to fitteen hundred boys, v. hose num-
bers he hoped to see increased to eight or ten thou-
san 1. And whit portion of that number ooul 1 be
made mill hipmsn? Not one-'en'h And if they
took, fci i i«-ti>nce, a bov from Nantucket, and
mai'c a mi tiipmau of h m, how rr-sny of the
< tber boys might say,' I asil as yoo I as Toat Nan-
tucitet or Henry Nantueket " if, then, th   twelve
t r fifteen hundred should a'l apply, they could not
all be ,'ppomted, ind ueces anly great discontent
slid dissatisfaction wouH becrvtfd T iey were
b un ', won, as w=re ihe b st of cu<- Democrats in
private li' , w-i) iur° apprenticed to ihe in>de of
a sh emalrer or a bla-*1 rn ih u^ul iVy were
twer>ti ot e The Se-'etuy was riphf, then, when
he -vi' the won d ron  m« apprentice hip system
if t! ey allowel polit'--1' ¡avontisra, or any o ner
mfiu pre, to distu'b it f - th  purpose of making
tkem ¡ii dshipnen He (Mt W ) stood up for the
tr je democratic prmcip'e of no dist notions     Why,
there was a sador no v—a  boatswain__onboard
the Missouri or the Mississippi, who served under
every successful captain oí the last war; and he
served now,  with his head white as the driven
snow,   a   living  monument of  the   naval   vic-
to) tes of the United Stales.   There was another
who had served seventeen years under Decatur,
and  he   was now no   higher  than a master's
mate, and all his li'e a sailor, and all his hfe such
a sailor as suited  a D'catur for a commander.
There he stood now, asking them humbly to give
him some «xtra pay; and some boys who were got
from the clouds, or from the sewers of Philadel-
pma, put under the apprenticeship system to keep
them out of tne haunts oí vice, or the hou«e of cor-
rection, they were asked  to put over that man's
head.     If these gentlemen were for promoting
sailors— n the name of justice, in the name of merit,
why not take up thos-e old men and promote them?
When he was on board  the Mississippi the other
day, captains, and lieutenants, and midshipmen,
came to him as the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to get him  to use any influence he
had to get some promotion for an old sailor who
had been a father to them alt.    He (Mr. Wise)
cheerfully promised to use hi  influence to obtain
the boon of a transfer, and that he be sent to some
light-house asan easier post, or to a navy-yard, that,
at the age of seventy years,  he should not suffer
amidst the war of the elements on the ocean. Now,
if gentlemen would get up and ask that this well-
tried sailor should  be promoted,  there woald be
some rhyme and reason m that; but it was not rea-
sonable to ask that their striplings, whether of rich
or poor parents, under the apprenticeship system,
before they had learned  to climb the masts of a
ship, should be put above the heads of these old
sailors.    The practice which the gentlemen were
recommending was indeed a beau iful practice.
Why, they would not only disappoint and grieve
the youthful companions of the apprentices they
might promote, but they would mortify and disgust
the old sapors who were war-worn in their service.
It was demagoguism, which would lead to the worst
possible results.
Mr. CLIFFORD proposed some question to the
gentleman from Virginia, which was not heard at
the reporter's desk.    '
Mr WISE, m reply, said he had said no such
thing; he spoke but his own sentiments. He said no
such thing as that they should be stripped of their
compensation, he said, if they bound themselves to
serve, the law required them to serve until they"
were twenty-one years old, and be said further,
tuat the law ought never to be repealed, for they
never could fill the navy with the right sort of
sailors, unti1 they educated them. The sailor
followed an honorable calling, and no man ought
to mm up his nose at the seaman, and say that the
life to which the boys were bound by 'heir parents
and guardian  was not good enough for them. The
parents and guardians oí the bo^s were the per-
sons to judge, and gentlemen might as well argue
against the apprenticeship system in civil hie, for
theie was no difference between them. Suppose a
boy bound to learn the "art, trade, and mystery"
of shoemaktng, or of a blacksmith and then got
up with a wish for promotion in life; and with that
view, wished to cancel h.s indentures would the
gentleman insist that, unless the mastei consented,
the law must not rule that the indentures were
binding? Were they to have 11 set up ihat ap-
prenticeships were anti-democratic? Weie gen-
tlemen g< ing to teU the world that men were not to
be allowed  to  be shoemakers and blacksmiths?
I The sailor's life, he insisted, was a respectable hfe,
and *o wps the blacksmith's and the snoemaker's.
I was the man, and not the occupation, that made
the hu.nan being respectable Thi« country re-
quired blacksmiths, the business of blacksmith re-
quired an apprenticeship; and the navy of the
Uní ed Slates and the merchant-service of ihe
Urn ed 8 aies required an apprenticeship,—not a
1 tiioer1—r 1 A compulsoij, but a frte apprentice-
ship, wit-i ¡I e ci n-ent of ihe parents and guardians,
dut ing the mi lorttv of the boy
Mr FILLMORE suggested to the gentleman
from Vngmia the propriety oí bringing the debate
to a close.
Mr WI3E «aid he was abou to apologise for ea-
tenng so much into the questi n of the aristocracy
