654
where raw materials were so cheap, water-power so
abundant, and taxes on real property so low, it was
exceedingly singular if the manufacturers could not
sustain themselves by the aid of a duty of twenty
or twenty fire per cent. He related numerous
anecdotes in illustra'ion of tbe doctrines and prin-
ciples which ne advocated After he bad concluded
his remarks by the operation of the one-hour rule—
Mr. RANDOLPH obtained the floor; and, on
his motion, the committee rose and reported pro-
gress.
Mr. ADAMS gave notice that on Saturday next
he would move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the bill for the relief of sufferers by
French spoliations prior to 1801.
The SPEAKER laid before the House commu-
nications from the State, War,  nd Navy Depart-
ments, in answer to resolutions of the House ,
which were ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President, transmit-
ting farther documents and reports in relation to
the New York custom-house.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mondjt, June 20, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before «he Sen-
ate a communication from ihe Secretary of Stale,
showing the neces-ity of making an appropriation
to pay the expenses which wi'l be necessarily in-
curred m distributing the Compendium of the
Sixth Census, which the Postmaster General has
decided cannot be transmitted through the mail,
under the existing laws
On motion of Mr. EVANS, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CHOATE piesented a memorial from the
city of New York, in favor of a liberal appropria-
tion for the support of the «aval serv ce. laid on
the table.
Mr. GRAHAM presented the petition of Daniel
Murray, praying compensation for extra services
as a mail contracto!; which wss referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Po-,t Roads.
Mr CONRAD p eoented a memorial from A.
B. McNair and Charles Yorsley, piaying the reim-
bursement ef a certain sum of mousy paid by them
for the purchase of land from the Government of
the United States, for which (on account of inaccu-
racy m the survey) they can obtain no patent, or
the privilege of locating other land-, in litu thereof,
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands
Mr. BAYARD predated a memorial from citi-
zens of the cou' ty of Newcastle, Delaware, pro-
testing against the annexation of Texas to the
Union: ordered to he on the table
On motion of Mr. M"ROBERTS,lhe Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the consideration of trie memorial of William
A Reavis, praying compensation for carrying the
mail on certain routes m Alabami, on the ground
that that commutte hid been imornied by the Post-
master Geneial that las account!, had been settled,
and the balance due him was subject to his order
On mo'ion ot Mr PHELPS, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was dischatged from the
further consideration of tbe petition of Ephraim
Whitaker, and lie had leave to withdraw his peti-
tion.
THE B4NKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BENTON, agr^eablv to nmoe heretofore
given, asked lmv to introduce a b Ii to repB?l th 
bankrupt law of 1841.
The CHMR h;> 1 g'caU'oubt vhcther  the  b V
could be introduced, except by a vo e of two thirds
of the  Se-a'"     Since  no ec had bten  gwen oy
the S nator from  Mis'ouu  [Mr Benton] of hi
intention to as,< leeve, he h°d ext" mineo, the rult
Mr. BENTON s. u he bad giren ten da^s' no
tice.
The CHATR «aid ti e jru it ru'p also «-eemed to
contempla!  a vote of two tn¡ ds ríe read die rule
as follows. "W>en a o 11 or resolution which has
been passed in on° H tf-e, «h ü i ■• rejected in the
other, it shall not b? brought m d irmg the same
session, without a rntice of lev dws, and leave of
two thuds, tf teat House w which it shall be ne-
ttewe4."
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11    Mr. BENTON again remarked that he had given
the requisite nonce.
Mr BERRIEN remarked that it appeared by
the rule that a vote of two-third;, was necessary to
grant permission to bring in the bill, and he ihere-
fore demanded the yeas and nays; wbich were or-
Mr. BENTON desired, as he would like to say
something upon the sutjfct, that the question mig'it
be permuted to lie over till to-morrow. Acqui-
esced m.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Allen on Friday last, came up in its order-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
report to the Senate, as soon as practicable—
1   The amount of the public debt on the 4th of March, 1841,
including the treasury notes then outstanding, with the other
items of such debts
2  The amount of treasury notes issued since the 4th of
March 1841   under acts pissed prior to that date
3   The amount of trea uiy notes issued since the 4th of
March 1841, under the acts passed since that date
4  The amount of treasury notes now outstanding
5  The amount of tieasury notes authorized to be issued by
acts passed since the4th of March, 1841, but which have notas
yet been issued
6  The amount of public debt at this time, inc] uding treasury
notes now outstanding, with the other items of such debt
7  The amount of loans authorized by acts passed since the
4th of March, 1841
8  The amount of loans obtained under acts passed since the
4th of March ls41 with the interest thereon
9  The amount of income actually leceived from all sources
since ihe 4th of March, 1811, wnh the particular amount from
each source
10  The amount of appropitattons by acts passed prior to the
4thof March, 1841,anl unexpended at that date
11   The amount of appropriations by acts passed since the 4th
of Match, 1841
12  The amount of money now actually in the treasury
13  The amount of appropriations estimated and recom
mended by tbe IsxecutiveDepartments since the 4th of March,
1811
&, 14 The amount of the increase of the taxes, in all form:, mi
posed by acts oí Congress passed since the 4th ol March 1811
15 The amount of increase of taxes m all forms, íecom
mended by the treasury Department since the 4th ol Maich,
18-11
And that he be directed to arrange the above amounts m
tabular lorm, by their seveia! kinds dates tad amounts
Mr. ALLEN said it was a true, resolution of
inquiry, and he hoped it would be permitted to pass
without discussion, and that a duect vote would
be taken upon it.
Mr EVANS objected to its adoption, on the
ground that nearly all the information called for
could be had by any Senator if he would lefer to
the rep irts and documents transmitted to Congress
at the last and present sessions One part of the
resolution was similar to the resolu'ion introduced
by the Senator from New Hampshire [i\ir Wood
bukv] a few days ago, calling for information of
the amount of loan, under the late law, taken up.
That part of the resolution was extremely objec-
tionable, at this time, pendil g ihe negotiations for
the loans.
Mr ALLEN «aid it was true, as stated by the
Senator from Mame, [Mr Evans,] that much of the
mforma'ion called for had been communicated to
Congress in the numerous reports and documents,
and could be collected fiom them, but it could only
be done after laborious invc-tigat on He (Mr.
A ) believed that in the Treasury Department Ml
the matter was so collected as to reqaire no great
labor or length of time 'o prepare a report m
tabular form, (which would only make four or five
p.'ges,) for the use of Congress It was impor-
tant that Congress should, when about to pass upon
large appropriations, have the informa ion the re-
solution called for, in aeondeos d and comprehen-
sive form. He hoped the Senator from Maine
[VTr Evans] won't! acquiesce in his wi?h?s and
permit the re«olition to be pissed If the Sena'e
should refuse the call, he would acqsrsce, but he
would reserve to himself the r<?ht to comment on
that action which would go tí suppress informa
ton. Mr A demfnaed the yeas and niys on the
adoption of the resolution, wh en w re ordered,
and tt*e question be ug pur, rne resoiu ion was re-
jected—yeas 10, niys 22, a-, foHovs
^ LAS—M «i? Al en, Bigbv, 8 nton Oulhben Pulton
Kin , Inn M I'jbetts imtih of tmnec icut Murgeo Tap
pan \%ikí! Wilcox Woofiury Wn ht, an 1 "ioung—16
NaYS—lie sis Archer Btrrow Bites Ihya d Berrien
Chotte Olayto i Cima-1 Ci<.fia, Gnttenrlen Hws Graham,
Henderá n flun' n" on MaTyum, Mernck Moiebeal Phelr^,
Preston Smith of Indiana, White  a dWoodtulge—22
Oa motion of Mr. TAPP4N, all previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill reported
from the Committee on the Library to provide for
publishing an account of the discoveries made by
the Expiontg Expedition, uider the command
of Lieutenant Wilkes of the Uni'ed S ales navy,
was taken up as in committee of the whole
Mr. ALLEN moved to fill the blank in the first
section of the bill, so as to give the supervision and
direc ion of the publication to the Library Com-
mittee, which was agreed to
J Mr. A. then moved to fill the b'ank in the third
section with the words "Committee on the Li-
brary," so as to give mto the charge of that com-
mittee, orsome person to be appointed by them, the
disposition and arrangement of such objects of na-
tural curtoitty as may be in the possession of the
Government, to be deposited in the Patent Office.
Thts amendment was discussed for 'ome time
by Messrs. SMITH of Indiana and WHITE.
They opposed the preposition, on the ground that
the Commissioner of Patents would be the proper
per on in whom to vest the authority to super-
intend the arrangement of the e curiosities and
that, if any other person was appointed, it would
interfere with his general superintendency of the
Patent Ornee and Patsnt Office building
Messrs. TAPPAN, ALLEN, WOODBURY,
and PRESTON showed that it was indispensable
that the Library Committee, (who will have Ihe
^direction oi tne publication,) or some one to be ap-
pointed by them, should have charge of the collec-
tion. They showed that the duties of the proposed
superintendent wsre separate and distinct from the
general business of the Patent Office, and, there-
fore, could not interfere with the business which
legitimately appertsmed to the office of Commis-
sioner of Patents, but that, in fact, tbe deposite
was only directed to be made in that budding be-
I cause ihe suitable room was afforded there for that
purpose
The question was taken on the amendment, gad
agreed !o, or a count, by ayes 19, noes 12
Oa motion of Mr TAPPAN, the blana in tbe
2d section of the bill, authorizing an advertisement
inviting proposals for printing the account of (his
expedition, ard the lllasttauons of ihe same, was
filled with "100," so that the number of copies to
be contracted for to be prm'ed for the Government
wi'l be one hundred
Mr WHITE moved to strike from the end of
the third section the words "JoiniCommittee on the
Library," and to insert the words "Secretary of
State," so as to give that officer the superintenden-
cy of the curiosities.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that, if the Joint
Commit ee were not charged with the deposition of
them, the Secretary of the Navy would be a
moie proper officer than the one proposed to be
i nserted.
Mr. MOREHEAD and Mr. HUNTINGTON
suggested that the head of the State Department,
who was responsible for the conduct of the Patent
Office, and to whom the Commissioner of Patents
was subordina e, would be the proper officer.
The question oi striking out was taken by yeas
and nays, and decided m ihe negative—yeas 18,
nays 21.
The bill was then reported to the Sena(e, and the
amendments of ihe committee having been concur-
red m, it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr BERRIED, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicia-y, reported a bill to be entitled an act ft r the
rdiof of persons rcsid ng wuhm the reputed limits
of the Sta'es of Arkansas and Louisiana, and be-
yond the boundary line between the United States
and the Republic of Texas, as established by the
commissioners appointed to ascertain the same;
which w?s read, aid orcVred to a second reading.
On motion of Mr SEVIER, the Senate resumed
the considera irn, as in committee of the whole, of
the unfinished bu ine«scf Saturday, being ihe bill
to p.ov i'e lor t! e sati-.<V-tion of the clsums auMng
uniertV 14 h and !9th a.fries of the treaty of
Dann-g Rabbit ceek, conclu ed in September,
1830
The *ewl amendments of Mr Phelps, pend-
ing on Saturday, intended a= r^tnet on* pgainst
fraud , bavin? been a-n pded on ihe motion of
Mr. ¡MOREHEAD, were, after some remarks by
