ué
patient patriotism in the Senator's anxiety to pro
ceed with a revenue bill, out of zeal to fill the
treasury for the present Administration. It did
seem so strange that there should be such solieiiude
oa that side for immediate relief tfc the treasury.
But be, too, had heard rumors, as well üs the Sena-
tor from Ne* Hampshire. He had heard oí great
changes mlhe Cabinet, and he confessed this im-
patient sort of courtesy—this seeming knowledge
of Executive mient—this resuscitated affection—
seemed to give such rumors no little weight.
It may be inferred that this p*ecipitancy of so-
licitude atid affection is not without its expected
consequence. Though, for his part, he could not
help thinking the gentlemen might be too precipi-
tate, and that it would be better for them to lay
aside their impatience, at least till they get some
better confirmation of their hopes than mere out-of-
door rumors. He could tell them that, if there is
any life full of disappointment as to anticipated
results, it is m political life. He would advise
them to let the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance take his own time to bring forward this rev-
enue bill, about which they are evincing so much
new-born zeal. He could assure them that the
bill called up by the Senator from Georgia is one
of no less national importance He could not see
how the debate on that subject should necessarily
lead to an angry discussion relative to the Caroline
affair, or to any mention of it at all.
Mr. TAPPAN interposed to explain that he did
not mean to say it necessarily involved a dis-
cussion of the Caroline affair, but that it would bo
impossible to avoid touching incidentally on the
subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN continued. These would he
no necessity (or introducing the subject. The bill
was demanded by justice, good policy, and expe-
diency, if that affair never had occurred. It might
as well b  arg icd that ihe C.irolme affair would bi
made the mc dental subject of disr-ussion m a de-
bate on any oilier bill The usual lalimdo of de-
bate in the Senate would seem to sanction the in-
troduction of any matter in debate. It nwht
as well be introduced in. the debat  on the Dancm*
Eabbit Creek treaty, as in the bill of the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. WOODBURY was sorry the Senator from
Kentucky had (ounil any difficulty in understand-
ing his exact meaning in the few observations he
had nude m relation to t!<p nccet íty for immediate
action on the revenue bill He could assure the
Senator that he was not behind the curtain, and,
consequently, knew no'hing of Cabn°tsrere s, and
when be urged the necessity of speedily disposing
of that bill, he aid so in reference to the important
character of the bill itself, the shortnnss of time be-
tween thu and i'ip day when it was oipertul to go
lntoefftct, and the number cf da^s reqmrtd by the
Constitution to gi«'r the Executive for deliberation,
should he think proper to make use of the full time.
And although he had, as an a 'ditional uason,
urged thetseeas, tycf giving ihi.tune to t^e Execu-
tive upon mere niitiw, it was not such as should
be considered altogether idle, for it had i't  origin in
the semi-ofhcial organ of the Executive himself.
The revenue bin 1  to go into effect, if at all, 01 the
last day 0' June, and this is the 20ih—leaving but
ten day. for legisivive and executive action. It
the Senate deluel anion, or consume 1 a number
of these 'en davs n disou - on there would nut be
the number of day allowed bv the C nMitiitmn
for the deliberate con«i 'eration of t'-e Ex-curive
He hoped the S-natrr from Kentucky row npi! r.
stood hv m anin¿ rehti/c to ' del b«1ate consult-
ation."
Mr. BUCHANAN -h), the nablic had ueen en-
tirely rms,rjfort- e<l lhe'« had been a nippo >t on
(but a veij erroneous dtid " j -st one) tha' the
Whig par'v !. (! aban h n d the Presiden' Ttry
now he?r' i"">m 1   %er/ h ;h~sl iu hori y, that
that pany lud been the c n ">nt supaottfrs of the
present Admi wa ion, and Mere 'temed a little
jealousy on th* pari 01 t1^ Senator f'om ICentucxy
Je?t he (5r'r Buchanan) shouli 'nterfere "in \ come
m to the «uprort of the Adminis'iauon Ho could
assnre theh >r ou iieSjr?'o-, wha't v r h's stalling
might be with the «r< stnt Admirara'ton—and he
ttusted it was as high as it deserved always to be—
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that he (Mr. Bdchanan) was the last man in the
world to interfere with htm in any way. He re-
joiced to hear that the Senator and his Whig friends
had always been, and were yet—and, he trusted,
would ever be—the supporters of the Adminis-
tration, because he thought a strong and power-
ful Executive, within the limits of the Constitu-
tion, ought to exisf, in order to the proper admin-
lstrauon of the Government. He would be exceed
ingly happy to afford all the assistance in his pow-
er to the chairman of the Ct mmittee on Finance
in calling up the bill, which he the oih-r day mam
fested so strong an anxiety to bring under the con-
sideration of the Senate, and for which the Senator
then gave a very satisfactory reason. But gentle-
men were now absent upon whom the Senator
reckoned as the supporters of the bill; and he (Mr.
Buchanan) was ready to admit that, m all party
movements, it was a ma'ter of considerable con^e
quence that all the troops should be assembled.
in regard to this measure, he thouahi it ought to
be acted upon, and that with as little delay as pos-
sible. He (Mr B ) had no means of information
whatever in regard to the intention of the Presi
dent, except that derived from his own message.
The President, by his message, had declared to
Congress that the land fund was necessary for car-
rying on the Government; and Senators knew that
the treasury was almost—he would not say alto-
gether—bankrupt. At such a time as this, when
money wan so much required for the use of the
Government, and when it was deemed important
that the tariff bill should be continued for one month,
a mon important provision—namely, the provis-
ion relating to the distribution of the land tund—
a provision, without which that law would not have
pa'sec!—was sought to be repealed. If the bill
passed in such a shape, and he possessed the power,
be would veto it, if it was the last act of his public
life And he trusted the President would do «o
He feft confident he would do so, though he had do
means of knowing, except from his own message.
The CHAIR observed that he thought it was
improper 10 ailude, in debate, to the course which
the President might think proper to pursue.
Mr BUCHANAN said he entirely agreed with
the Cnair that he was out of order; and had only
allnd d to the topic by way of reply to the Senator
from Kentucky,
Mr CRITTENDEN rose; but, before proceed-
ing wi h his remarks,
Mr ARCHER suggested that the Senator from
Ptnn >lvama was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, as the Sena'or from
Kentucky seemed inpatient, he would waive his
right.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then proceeded to reply at
some length to the remarks of Mr. Buchanan and
Mr. Woodbüky lie confessed he was somewhat
alarmed when the Senat r {'urn Near Hampshire
told them that the bid was to receive the d^/nerate
consideration of the President Th  term seemed
to h m of a si'iguiarlv oracular chiractfr, and that
it concealed scmethmg that w¿s not intended to be
communicated And the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia bad followed this up, by declaring that, it he
weie Presnlrnt, and had communicated such a
message to Cjngress, he would, nevertheless, veto
the b 11 He confessed this declaration on the p?rt
of ihe honorable Sena or would tend to shake his
confidence a little in him [Mr. Buchanan ]
Mr BUCHANAN said he presumed that as he
did not mtioduce th  subj-ct, it would not be out
of ord°r for him to reply. He had repsated'y ex-
pressed h s sorrow that there should be a want of
harmony n th  ranks of <h° universal Whig parly
He had always b en soiic tons that they shoull
pioced With the i.tmoot harmony, and, as far as
poss^le, accomplish th  oojeets ti ey bal in v ct
The\ had heard rumois upon one side, and rumors
uoon th- other. Bit, whatever might happen, ha
would be sorry to sse harmony destroyed or
trampled under foot. They had heard of rumored
c'nngec—rumors which peiplex monarch! had
been abroad. And v ha'changes? Was ihe Whig
pany again comin  into po>vei' Were these golden
visions da"cing before the eyes of the honorable
S-nator? He (Mr BtrcuáNiN) could say, wi b,
perfect sincerity, that, of all the members of the
old cabinet, he had most regretted the retirement of
that honorable gentleman; and he would hail with
satisfaction his return to office, under the adminis-
tration of John Tyler. And he sincerely hoped—
as the Senaior had bestowt d spon him an office to
which he (Mr. Bdchanan) had 1 ever aspi'ed—'hat
the Senator himself would be the first effijer
under the President, and he was certain that
the honorable gentleman would speedily settle
the difficulties between mis country and Great
Britain. But as the gentleman had cal'ed upon 'he
Senator from New Hampshire for specific infor-
mation, he (Mr. B.) hoped he might cbtain the in-
telligence; for he was himselt desirous of knowing,
in relation to these rumored changes, whether there
was to be a restoration—though he did not very-
much like the word, as it presupposed misfortune.'
Bat if there were a prospect that all difficulties
were tn be healed up, no one would rejoice more
than himself.
As to the veto, the Senator had asked him
whether, if he were President, he would act upoa
the principles he h d avowed hi relation to the
veto. He would tell the Senator what, if he were
President, and if he found the country in deep dis-
tress—the national treasury bankrupt—snd al-
most impossible, with any duties that could be
lieved, to supp y the wants of the Government—if
he found (he would not say war impending, but)
doubts and difficulties hanging over their foreign
relations—clouds of war hovering upon our borders;
and if Congress, at such a moment, under the pre-
tence" of passing a revenue bill, should attempt
to take away from tha treasury the resources they
possessed,—he would tell the Senator what he
wou'd do: he would veto the bill, and he would ap-
peal to God and nis country for the correctness of
what he did. He did not preterd to know what
the Presiden' woa'd do The Senator himself was
better able to declare 'han he was as to what the
President would do, m reference to such a bi'l if it
should pass the two Houses. What was the na-
ture of the bilH It was a b'll extending, for a few
days, the revenue law, and, at the same time, to
take out of the treasury a sum which had been ac-
cumulating there for several years, and which,
pioperiy, should be appl ed to the pub'ic service.
He would tell ihe honorable Senator what he was
afiaid of: h° «as afiaid that the bill was not so
much intended to afford incidental revenue, as it
was to abstract from tns treasury a large
a-rsount of its funds He v,as afraid the great
Whig party had determined that the revenue
should net be sole object of the bill.
He (Mr. B.) had never b-en very successful in
influencing high funcuona'ies of the Government.
It was many yea's since he h*d made any atlempt;
and ha apprehended that, wc  he to attempt, with
ever so much assiduity, to l.nfl icnce he President
of the United Sta'es, he would oe en i'ely unsuc-
cessful In the case of the fiscal corporation b.ll,
although everybody disapproved cf it, yet, as
they suppo-ed th*y must take that er get nothing,
they were fain to vo p for it, and h  hoped the
same Const an spirit would actua'e hw friends on
the oppo ne side now, in regard to th's little tariff
bill—that tiey would a°iee to take 'he revenue bill,
even if they should be dep-iv,d of the public lands.
He was asked ihat supplies ha had voted for;
he bencved he had voted for all the primal sup-
plies of tne Governmen', and for very liberal sup-
plies, too—for twenty four or twenty-five millions
of (oilars tmsyear, whilst no e tímate or calcula-
tion wh'ch cou'd be made of the expenses exceeded
seventeen m lnons. Arc! with a deficit staring
them n ths face this 3 ear, of at 'east seven millions,
they were senously told that they ought to take
away the land fund from the treasuiy, and give it
to th-several S ates.
How h  had been drawn i«to this debate, be
could not onseive. He hud expressed himself
svisfied w.'h th- explanation of the Senator from
iVUinp as to uo' b'lngmg forward tha tariff bill to-
day, but 1 sepj-iei l!)a' som<" diplo-nniio language
bad been used by ihe Sen-tor from Kentucky and
the Senaior from New Hampshire, ho h of whom
had been members cf t> e Cabinet; ind, in the
nt'ttg, .he S-natorfiom Kentucky had directed a
shaft towards ¡urn, (Mi, B )   He w ould have been
