60$
"R solved I at a select committee be appointed to inquire
no "«mi i iJ character of the expenditures which have
been mad li Government, m satisfaction of bounty land
claims allowt 1 by the 6i«te o Virginia, what amount of like
c aims are st It i utstandmg, whether any farther legislation of
Coogressis necessary to secuta the treasury against the pay-
ment of improper or unfounded claims of that description, Jto
•which was added, on the motion of Mr William O Goose J
w to sati j outstanding claims, which are just and well found
«J,*aná tt at said committee have leaver to report by bill or
otherwise "
Mr. GILMER., who was entitled to the floor,
resumed and concluded bis remarks in reply to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr Hall,] and in
favor of the claims of the State of Virginia
After he had concluded, Mr GOGGIN obtained
the floor, and, having expressed a willingness to go
on to-morrow, the subject was laid over.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the ¿House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whale on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McKennan of; Pennsyl-
vania in the chair,) and resumed the cen^iderátion
of the bill "to provide revenue from imports, and
to change and modify existing regulations Imposing
duties on imports, and for other purposes "/
When the House adjourned yesterday, the state
of-the question was this: The following item of the
bill being under consideration:
"Be it enmted, $c, That from and after the 30th day of June
next, in lieu of the duties now imposed by law on the articles
hereinafter mentioned, and on such as may now be exempt from
duty, there sha^l be levied, collected, and paid, the following du
ties, that is to say
"First On wool unmanufactured, the value whereof at the
last port or place from whence exported to tie United States
«hall exceed eight cents per pouttd, shall he levied a duty of
thirty per cent ad valorem "
Mr. Saltonstaix had moved to strike out the
said itera, and tnsett in lteu thereof a poruon of
the bill reported from the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
[Notb —This motion embraced the whole of mat bill, with
the following modifications
In the first Item of the proposed amendment, the words "thir
tieth day of July" were substituted for the words "thirtieth day
of June "
And the last section, which is in the following words, was
stricken out
See 9 And be it further enacted, That if any person shall,
knowingly and willully, w th intent to defraud the íevenue of
the United States, smuggle, or clandestinely introduce into the
United States, any goods, wares, or merchandise subject to duty
by law, and which should have been invoiced, without paying
or accounting for the duty, or shall make out or pass, or at
tempt to pass, through tho custom house, any false, forged, or
fraudulent invoice every such person his her, or their aiders
and abetters, s! all be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shail be liable to a fine or imprisonment, or
fcoth, the fine not to exceed five thousand dollars, or the impns
onment two years
Mr. Habersham had moved to amend the
amendment, by inserting, in lieu thereof, after the
•words "Be it enacted," &c, the bill which had
heretofore be«n reported by him from the minority
of the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and stated that he was in-
structed by the Committee of Ways and Means to
move that the navy appropriation bill, with the Sen
ate's amendment, be taken up and csnsidered.
He thetefore requested the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Cowen] to yield the floor, m order that he
might make the motion indicated
This request was not acceded to, and Vlr Cowen
■went on with his remarks upon the tariff bill.
Mr COWEN said this question was not con-
fined in iti influence to the manufacturers, but ex-
tended equally to the grain-growers of the countiy
Indeed, he thought they had a more abiding mier-
est at stake than the manufacturers, smoe'the lat-
ter could direct their capital to other emphyment .
The state of the public revenue required an impo-
sition of duties. This state of things had been
brought about by the financial policy of the Gov-
ernment for some years past He entered into a
statement ef the receipt* from the public lands and
the customs in years past, f>>r the purpose of show-
ing that the deftciertry in the reeeipfs was annually
becoming greater. Even reducing the Govern-
ment to the most economical standard of expense,
more revenue must be ha 1 It m>ght be «¡ai 1 that
the compnm^e ae* forbade the imposition of higher
duties. He (Mr C ) contended that that ac* con-
gmplated and required that higher du íes snould
•««tittjjosed whenever they should become neces-
sary,         i
Bo&Bieáttott ^ bft4 ^ gny jegl$iawe
OBEHmEKSlüIf&L GtOfcE.
perfidy in relation to this subject. The compro-
mise act contemplated a modification of dutie , and, !
by the distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands, the people got the benefit, as it lessened the
necessity for direct taxation; and it never, for a
moment, entered.bis mind that the States were too
extravagant to be trusted with it. By the distnbu
Hon acl, the people got the benefit directly; by pay-
ing the amount into the national treasury, tbey re-
ceived it indirectly; and the question wa , would the
House lower the direct or the indirect taxation
He preferred the former, and he preferred it, also,
because it took the land from out of the political
market.
He ihen took a rapid glance through the history
of this question, and strongly advocated the doc-
trine of protection, as the true policy of this coun-
try
Mr KENNEDY of Indiana said he had no dis-
position to argue this question at all, so far as
related lo the production of revenue If this were
alone a question of a tariff for revenue, he, for one,
should have been content to have given his vote
without speaking a word; but, as it seemed that the
particular application of this bill—and, indeei, of
all the bills—was in favor of protec'ion, he was in-
duced to say a few words on it. And he would
commence by saying that he had no pat'ence with
thts doctrine of protection; he could just as calmly
sit down and reason about the mot/us operandi of
stealing from his pocket the produce of a day's la-
bor, as about this doctune of protection. When be
heard genllemen talk about the necgssity of pro-
tecting the people of the West, he was astonished
He was born in the West, and he had resided in the
West—indeed, he had never resided anywhere
else; and if he knew anything of the opinion of
the Western people, it was the reverse of this doc
trine of protection
On the subject of the constitutionality of protec
tion, Jackson, and Madison, and Jefferson, had
been quoted. He had not had an opportunity to look
up authorities, but he held that a tatiff for protec-
tion was unconstitutional, and, in a few word;,, he
would give the reasons on which his opinion was
based It would, doubtless, be admitted that the
tariff, whether f*r revenue or piotection, was an
exercise of the taxing power, and he wished the
word "tariff" had never been used. If the word
"lax" had been used, as it ought to have been, the
people would have been much less humbugged
than they had been
The Constitution clothes Congress with the tax-
ing power—with power to l*y and collect taxes,
imposts, and excises: and for what was this power
give-"1? To pay the debts and provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the United
Stales Now, if the framers of the Constitution
had intended to give framer., to Congress to exercise
the taxing power for "protection," it would have
been very easy to have added to the purposes for
which taxes we^e to b  raised, "and for the protec-
tion of domestic manufactures " It had been m
timated that the exercise of the taxing power for
protection was marectly to pr vide for "the gen-
eral welfare " To this he replied, that the taxing
power was given for simple and enumerated pur-
poses, and to exercise it for other purposes, was to
violate the trust which had been confided in them.
Ha held th4t to levy a tax, by which one portion
ot the eomiiumty was made to pay out of their
hard earnings for the benefit of another portion ot
the community, was not a raising of taxes to pay
the debts or to provide for the genera! welfare of
the United States, it was to provide for the wel-
fare of a few favorite individuals, at the experse of
the general welfare
But, again- as to the expediency of ssch a meas-
ure. H' should be glad if ill  friends of a pro-
tective tariff would tell him what they meant
[ Did they mean such a tariff as would exclude ¡he
foreign articles from the ports of the United Slates?
Did they call a prohibitory tariff a tar ff for pro-
| tection? The genileman from Ohio [Mr. Cowjcm]
had said it seemed to him to be absurd to say that
they could not have such a t%nff as would pro-
duce revenue, and be a tariff for protection at the
same time, but others asked for such a tariff as
would be entirely prohibitory, while some asked
-i   i .......                               i —-—* 
for such a tariff as would bring up the article of
home manufacture to such a profit as the manu-
facturer could live by, and Ihus keep up the com-
petition wuh the foreign articls. It was contended,
on other hands that the adoption of a tariff
would have the effect of reducing the price of the
articles at home, but if such was to be its effect,
it struck him, very forctoly, that the manufacturer
would be the last to ask for its adoption. It really
appeared to him, if such were to be the effect, that
the consumer would ask for it, and not the manufac-
turer But who had asked for it? Had they seen
the consumer, ihe farmer, or the mechanic, in their
committee rooms, and besieging the Hcu^e, and
keeping up a din about their ears,' No it was not
Ihe consumer that would be beneficed, it was the
manufacturer; and the pretence to the contrary
was all humbug.
By reference to the statis'ical tables of the
counlry, it would be found that ihere were near
five hundred millions of articles manufactured at
home, with wh.ch similar articles manufactured in
foreign countries come into competition. Now
suppose, for the sake of argument, that the amount
of home manufactures is four hundred millions,
and that the importation is one hundred millions:
then, if you levy a protective tax on these hundred
millions, oí one dollar, you raise, to that amount,
the prices on the four hundred millions, thus
making the consumer pay lour dollars into the
pockets of the manufacturer, fcr every dollar of
tax that goes into the treasury. But, manifest as
this species of injustice k, it would not be so odious
if any poraon of these iniquitous exactions went
into the hands of the laborers who produced the
articles. They, however, did not get a dollar of it;
it all went into ibe pockets of the manufacturers,
while they got nothing but the miserable pittance
that was doled out to them for their daily labor.
He repeated again, that he never could hear a man
talk about protection to American manufactures
wuh patience, for he could view the system m no
other light than as legalized robbery. Retaliation,
too, was another favon e doctrine which he had
lately hsard much of It was said that we must
retaliate against England, because she protected
her landholder by prohibiting the produce of
our soil He lost all patience when he heard
an absurd and unjust policy advocated What
did it amount to? Why, because the Brit-
ish Government, wheh was in the hands
of the wealthy, ground down to the dust
the starvma millions of their population, by
protecting the produce of ihe soil in order to
keep up the princely incomes of the dominant
classes, we must retaliate, by bringing like evils on
the laboring classes of this country. Oar capital-
ists and interested classes cannot, as in England,
enrtch themselves from the labor of the producing
classes, by levying prohibitory taxes on the produce
of the soil, because land here is cheap, and is dis-
tributed among the great mass of our citizens,
therefore it is that they propose to tax the articles
which they have to pinchase wuh the produce of
their labor, and one of ihe arguments they use to
reconcile them to it, is the specious one of retaha-
ti< n Retaliate for whai? Much as he hated the
British Government, with isrotien, corrupt, and
decaying msti utions, yet he felt some sympathy for
the millions of hardy, laborious, yet s mted opera-
tives, who weresuffnng under its abuses, and,
while he lamented over the misery and destitution
to which they were subjected, he could not shut his
e}es to the fact that it was to the system of protec-
tions and bounties to the favored classes that their
condition was owing.
Bu that system was going to decay even in Eng-
'and. though it was sought to revive it wuh in-
creased vigor in this country, and it wa% perhaps,
to the knowledge of this fact that we might attrib-
ute the powerful efforts we have lately witnessed
to fasten it upon us Do we not see the Brilla
Govt nment relaxing that s)siem against which
we are called upon lo retahat-—and this, loo, forced
upon it by public oiinion? It we g ve up this
absurd doctrine of retaliation, and set them the ex*
ampie of a more just and liberal policy, we may
hope that, in a few years, the whole system in Eng-
J tend will go down,   Public opinion there has al*
