flM     '      II JL II'        ,                       111.  i      I'   ""II             I                                                            .......■■                   ,                     .....______
ready done much against it—has forced those in
power to pay some attention to the interests of the
people, and wili, in time, accomplish all that is de-
sired by tha philanthropist, but the reason why
public opinion has not done more as yet, is because
the great body of the people have not the same
share in the Government as with us.    •
As to this clamor that was made for protection,
where did it come from? Did it come from the
farmers and mechanics of the country, or from the
wealthy capitalists'! Who ever heard tf pro ection
being asked for potatoes? It was true that some
here, who represented farmers, declared ¡hat they
wanted protection, and accordingly he found in-
serted in this bill a duty of ten cents on potatoes.
What was this fot? Who wanted di otee ion for
potatoes? It was only put m to hoodwink the
farmers, to make them stand still whde they were
fleeced. His word for it, no one would ever ask
for a protection for potatoes, and the putting in
this duty was the greatest humbug in the world.
He warned to ask the advocates for protection a
few questions They said that they wanted a
market for the surplus produce of the farmers,
and that, by protecting the manufactures, that
market would be created Thsy say to the farm-
ers, of the West "You raicea great deal of corn,
beef, and pork; and as the British have closed their
ports against it, you must n ake a market at home,
by turning the New Englanders into manufactur-
ers." Now this, at the fir«t blush, seemed to be
very plausible; but he wished to ask them how
much of the surplus pioduce of the Western tam-
ers they would take. Wi 1 they give us a mwet f r
all our surplus produce" No; thev v iü pot and
cannot. One of the rich States of the villey of
the Mississippi could keep all the manufacturing
establishments in New England in hog and homi-
ny for three years. Tney could not take any thing
like the surplus produce of the West Our coun-
try is too va*t ana too rich for its surplus produce
to be consumed by the manufacturing estabi sh-
ments of a few States. It was eminently a cil-
iated for an agricultural, and not for a manufacturing
country; and he never would make it the latter, if
he had the power to do so. L°t any man favel
through the Weston country, breathe its pare
air, look upon its ferule fields, and witness the
freedom and happiness of it? population, and say
if he4would change it for she crowded atmosphete
of a manufacturing town, with ail its vice and
misery—which,sa'd he, I pray God to keep us from
Then, he would say, that m the very nature of
things, the manufacturers never could be <aade to
consume the surplus produce of the Western coun-
try. But suppose that it could—suppose that ysu
adopt a tariff, excluding all foreign commpdmes
If we buy nothing, ^e can sell nothing and here
will be the spectacle of the American Republic,
like a second Celestial Empire, drawn up wuhm her
shell—cut off from eommace with all the world.
When we come to this condition, some new lights
may spring up witn notions like those of the hon-
orable gentleman from M?ssaehusetts, and set all
the world against us, for a violation of the law  of
nations, and to whip as m'o commerce again.
In continuation of hi  remark", Mr K took the
ground that every dollar of a protective ux levied
on imports was taken from the expor ^ of tne coun-
try. It had been said (and with gieat phusibiltty)
that the exports of the country paid tor the imports
This being true, it ns-es^ariiy fallowed that the tax
levied on imports came out of the experts and tue
farmers, theie^ore, who were the proveer  of the
principal part of the articles exported, were tV pe*-
sons met interested in opposing a mgb. tariff Af-
ter a brief argument m support of this po ilion, Mr
K. avowed bis intention to vote for such an in-
crease of the tariff as would suppl/ a revenue ade-
quate to ths economical wants of the Gjvernmc-n'
But he sa d there mast be no protecti a as su'-fi in
the tanfl, and no distribution, or he ecu d v give
it bis support
Mr FORNANCE regretfd the n cesnty iKt
induced htm to speak on the present o<\asirn, -nd,
but for the anxiety which wa- felt by his < o.is int-
ents in the disposition which would be made of this
sn*|ect, would not trouble the commutes at all if
he knew their opmwns, they had evinced gieat
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anxiety to have the question settled. He would
not say they were all in favor of a protective tariff;
yet they were, he believed, advocates of a tariff of
some kind.
There was nothing, he imagined, so injurious to
all branches of business as the uncertainty and in-
stability of our present revenue laws. Whenever
legislation became uncertain, we must expect em-
barrassments to ensue; but when the Government—
or, rather, he should say—a party in power—had
made pi onuses to the people that the tariff should
be revised, and then delayed its action from week
to week, month to month, and, he might iay, year
to year, it was noi surprising that rum followed as
the consequence of such delay. Believing th's, he
could not but ascribe much of the embarras.ments
of the people and the Government to the delay of
Congress in taking action upon those subject 
which it was bound to consider The merch?nt
would not impoit, because be feared lest some law
would be passed which would not only take away
his property, but seriously affect his capital, should
he adventure. Neither would the manufacturer
pursue his trade, for fear of ruin from the action of
Congress This uncertainty reached all the avoca-
tions of life
The people were promised a tariff, and for that
reason he had suggested, at the extra sessien, that
it should be taken up and acted on then He
thought the tariff was one of those "weighty ma-
ters" as ignsd ¿n the President's proclamation a^,
the cause ot an extra session of Congres-. It was,
howevfr, deemed out of ordtr to aUtide to the
tariff at that session, because the Pres dent had not
recommem'ed the "iuljec to the collide ati^n of
Congress in his me sage.
He would remark to those gentlemen opposed to
him, tha' teir cour e here dispiajed a degree cf
firmness worthy of a better cause. They had re-
mained here nearly two years, du-ms; wt ich t me
they had listenel to cues of dis're s—ih • r t?b'es
loaded wi h petitions t'om all puts of toe cout trj,
a id the iiew p,iptrs bringing fhtm const int accoun s
of bankruptcies, low wages, &e The Secretary
of the lreasury had ser' in letter afitr lettei Cm
gress had pas^d various, temporal/ re'ief bilis
It had passed tue It an bill,and the treasuiy rote bill,
and had finally sent our Government into the
market. In si-ch a stat* of things, they bad re-
mained now going en two years, and were almost
at a st nd.
His purpo a was to delire his position, and ex-
plain the reasons for the course which he shou'd
pursue m relation to this bi'I. He was the more
induced to do this, becau*  he had see-> his name
men íoried n the Nor'hern papers as a friend to a
protective tanff He knew not whe'hT he under-
stood what was meant by a proactive tar ff If it
meant a bounty given 'o a particular occupation—a
tax to aid one man or set of men who cojld not
live without it, and who requned the protection of
Government to enable their business to succeed—
he was oprosed to it, and would deem such a rys-
tem oppres ive and unjust Nothing could be more
unjust than to tax the wheat grower of Penns,l
\ania for the benefit of the wneat growis of Vir-
g ni?, 01 the tobacco of Maryland fi r the benefit
0i tre mcub mult cau'is men oí Main?, or the to-
b ceo of V rgima, for the pmpose of en¡ bhng the
planters of Louis ?na to cultua'e sug r, > hen they
had not th' climatt. in which it could grow. He
was ooposed to unjust pro'ec'ion like th s
Inasmuch as he had voted to reier the subject of
the tar ft to hie Cimrni tee en Manufactures, he
had beenc'amied as a fnend cf protection In vo
ting for this reference, he had done so without re-
gard to pi ttPicn He knew it was said tnat the
voie was a test, but he was unwilling to be tested
by it EtVr of the committees to wh ch it
was proposed to refer the subject, was good
enougrs fo- a high- j.nff man, and bad en oph fop
a los lanfl one Indeed, *he Committee of Ways
and fVLfoshal repined the h'ghest tariff o' il 
tv o He b«d eved that the Committee on Maou-
f-ictu es was tnstmiied to írquire into such sab-
jei ts Besides, if there were no o her leason, heie
wes a Whig Gjugrts^ askmg to h&\e the subject
referred to a committee of seven Wbigs and two
Democrats    He wished it refened to that commit-
688
tee, in order that he might know what would be the
Whig policy.
He was aware that the Whigs had met with nu-
merous defeats since the extra session of Congress.
He expected that adversity would hare taught them
wisdom. Knowing that die extra session was their
"glorious summer," he was willing to try what
would be their opinions in their "winter of discon-
tent "
He would state his reasons for voting for an in-
creased tariff One was, that it would check the
rapid strides of the compromise act. He believed
that act to be a source of oppression to the people
of the North He would not, however, say it was
itself an oppression, but lis association with the
act ot 1828 made it oppressive. He was opposed
to the act of 1828. If the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Thompson ] who addressed the Honse on yes-
terday, would examine the act of 1828, and the
circumstances under which it was passed, he would
find out the reason why the Democratic party were
no longei tariff men, and would conclude that it
was not surprising that Jefferson and Madison were
in favor of a protective tariff
in 1826, a revolution took place in the Federal
party. They raised the flag of the American sys-
tem, and, when seated upon that hobby, it was
that the Democrats took a stand against the "bill
of abominations," as unjust and oppressive, as
imposing unreasonable duties, as opsnm:  the door
to iiaut's upon the revenue, and as causing extrava-
gance, and a neglect of business among the manu-
facturers. He held that economy was necessary
to the manufacturéis Before this bill was passed,
they lived not by counting cen «, but by counting
tha thousandth part of cents Their strides tnen
became too rapid, and, as a consequence, their bu-
siness was neglected, and did not receive the npces-
sary personal superintendence In tne year 1834,
there were some fabrics which were subject to a
duty of two hundred and fifty per cent T<ie com-
promise bill pioposed to bring these down to
twenty peí ü nt m eight years—a reduction en-
tirely loo great.
He hila tha' the act of 1833 was but a counter-
part to the mad legislation of 1828. He knew it
was regarded by some as a compromise entered into
undti peculiar c rcumstancfS, and which should
not be disregarded. He did not, however, under-
stpnd it as such His predecessor had not told
him that he was not to infringe it, and his con-
stituents only expected him to vote according to
their will He knew the act was a compromise;
bat all laws were passed by compromise Con-
gress ltfH&lated and repealed by compromise Be
desired to compromise at the present time with the
high-tariff m"i of the North andtheantit riff men
of the Soutn. He did not desire to go back to
1828, but to 1839 and 1840, b-iore be permitled
the manufacturers to be put down by the compro-
mise of 1833 For this reason, he should vole an
increase oí tee duties on imports
He referred to ti e errbarrass d condition of the
Government Its situation was trulj perplexing.
And yet nowher  were food and clothing so abun-
dant ?s among our peopK Kncurg hat ih're
must be re enue, he was Willi g to vote it The
time would come, lit knew, wren direct 'aus
wou'd have to be resorted to, and when wecou'd
not raise enough revenue from the en toms Per-
haps the sooner it cpme the better But it b?d not
jeteóme, nor were the people nor prepaed for
direct tpxation It was, then, plain that lugner
duties would rave to be imp sel
There was ano her leison wh> he should vo'e
for a higher tanff than we new had He should
vote to protect the honor sod mteeshot tb na-
tion—a th ng ^hich no mm coul) siy was ur con-
stitutional Gentlemen migh ca'l it oppre *ive,
he admi ted that, but while h> di! -o, he con i-nd«>d
tint it was necessary Suppose it w¡>« necear} to
I make reprisals could it be done wi hoot -¡ufi nog?
Supoose an embargo were deemed ti^eess? i, iO
the welfare of tic scant! v eou lithe "it ' iout
loss and inconvenierce? And fn t i°r, si ripo* i e
had to declare   f cou'd it b<> dine w ihou of-
fering much inconveni'no ?ií i* 1!"!ií i/
Uves? Whilst Slnglpnd tfuW >o ira t i-ur pro
duclions into her market-, he held i  ¡ i b   u e dmj
