6ff4                                             _
of our Gover meat to lay the same restrictions upon
her iron, < oü &e France refased our tobacco; in
return, we should refuse her wines.
For the three reasons which he had stated, he
was inclined to vote for an increase of the tariff.
Jf that increase, however, depended upon the dis-
tnbation of the proceeds of the public lands, he
•could no vote tor it. He felt it his duty to say
that he had no constitutional scruples about the
jiiht of Congress to distribute the proceeds of the
public land*. He held that the General Govern-
ment might do what it pleased with them.—distribute
io the States, or retain them for its own use. But
■when the Government was m such an embarrass-
ing condition, he could^not consent to part with
thtm
Having said what he felt it to be his duty to say,
he would conclude, although he hail by no means
cousumed his hour on the floor.
Mr STEENROD addressed the committee in
opposition to a protective tariff, and went into an
examination of the American system and the poli-
cy of high duties at large Tbe position in the
hall occupied by Mr S. was such as to prevent
him from being heard, except in a, very small por-
tion of his remarks, to give which alone would do
him injustice
At tbe close of the honorable gentleman's speech,
fhfie were loud cries of "Question." It was evi-
dent, however, that there was much less than a
quorum in attendance
Mr. MERIWETHER said it was evident there
wa*> not a quorum present, for no one anticipated
that the vote would be taken. He moved, there-
foie, tot thtf e mrmttee rise.
Mr ILL&XORE suggested that the messengers
couid re besot to fetch ns members from the Sen-
are
M'. MERIWETHER said he shoull be satis-
fied if tbe members were stnt for, and, therefore,
he withdrew his motion to use.
Mr CLIFFORD called lor tellers, which were
ordered, and Messrs Stuart ot Illinois and C
Johnson were appointed.
The question was on the amendment to the
amendment, being the bill offered by Mr. Haber
bham, from ihe minority of the Committee on
Manufactures, to the bill offered by Mr." Saltón
stall, the chairman of that committee. The
amendment to the amendment was lost—the vote
being 37 in the affirmative, and 85 in the negative
Tbe question then recurred on the amendment,
being the bill offered by Mr Saltonstall.
Mr. PICKENS said, before that question was
pal, he desired to address the committee, but he
was not prepared to do so this evening If any
other gentleman desired to proceed, he would give
way, otherwise, he would move that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, that the commiuee
might take up som<  other bill.
Mr FILLMORE called for tellers, and Messrs
Gwin and Iawis were appointed, but a quorum
dirt not vote, though a qi orum vas in the House.
Mr PICKENS made some inquiries of the
Chair as to the position in which the bill would be,
it the committee proceeded to vote on the amend
mtnt—his object being to have the whole question
open kr delate
A conversation endued h-tween Mr. PICKENS,
tbe CHAIRMAN, Mr ANDREWS, and others;
and
Mr PiCKFNS then moved that ihe uriff bill
b- p s pom ' un 11 to morrow, aal that the com-
an'  f ia*t ip tbe Indian appropriation b'll.
Trie t ilu-s, previously appointed, toik the ques-
tion, -"id they r< no-ted 73 m the affirmative, «ind
59 in t*ir negative
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL
Th  com nutte then tnrk uo House bill No 77,
bcinp <i bi I mrkiug appropriation? lor the cunent
and c< i ing nt expense* of the Int'ian Department,
and for tujfl iing ttea'y stimulations ¡or the year
1842
The Cieilc read tbe clause sueces'-i/ely
Mr J COOP  R moved an  amendment m the
931 line of the 2i page of the bill, for the purpose
of appropriating $1 500 for the half-veat's salary
oí two clerk , which ihe House had given authority
W employ.   The amendment was agreed to.
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. J. COOPER submitted another amendmeni
to appropriate $5,000 to enable the Government to
appoint a commissioner to treat with the Winne-
bago Indians
Mr. FiLLMORE inquired if the Committee on
Indian Affairs had recommended this appropri-
ation.
Mr COOPER replied in the affirmative.
Mr J CAMPBELL wished to have some expla
nation of the circumstances which called for this
appropriation. The appropriations for the In
dians were very large, and he should desire some
good reason for an additional appropriation
Mr. COOPER explained; and by reference to
memorials from the Territory of Iowa, where these
Indians are now stationed, and to a report of a
committee on the subject, showed that it was ne-
cessary that this Indian tribe should be removed
from its present location The Committee on In-
dian Affairs bad, therefore, applied to the Secretary
of War to know what amount of money would be
necessary for the purpose contemplated, and they
were informed that .the sum mentioned in his
amendment would be requisite.
Mr. McKAY make some remarks on the prac-
tice which had prevailed for some years, of appoint-
ing these commissioners by the President alone,
who also fixed the rate of remuneration. Now be
thought it proper that this practice should be cor-
rected; for there had been great abuses It was a
matter that ought to be regulated by law, and he
rose for tbe purpose of calling the attention of the
committee to this circumstance He saw no rea-
son why the concurrence of ihe Senate should not
be required, instead of vesting the authority ex-
clusively in the President.
Mr. FILLMORE submit ed an amendment to
the amerdment, which was understood to increase
the appropriation to $6,200, and to extend its oper-
ation to the Sioux tribe of Indians also.
Mr COOPER of Pennsylvania briefly explained
the object of the bill, which was to remove the
Winnebago Indians from the Neutral Ground, where
they are at present located, being between the
Sioux on the one side, and tbe Foxes on the other,
and in constant danger of coming into collision
with them He further added, that the removal
was now asked for by the Winnebagoes
After an explanation from Mr McKAY, the
amendment was agreed to
On motion by Mr FILLMORE, the bill was
fuither amended by adding aa appropriation of
$878, in addition to the appropriation heretofore
made, for the expenses of treating with the Ca-
manches, and other wild tribes.
Mr GILMER offered an amendment, providing
that no part of this appropriation shall be applied
to the payment of salaries or other compensation
to, or on account of, any officer or officers, unless
the same has been created by law.
After a brief di«cus°ion, m which Messrs GIL-
MER, FILLMORE, THOMPSON of Indiana,
WM. B CAMPBELL, THOMPSON ofMi^i.-
sippi, GWIN, and COOPER oí Pennsylvania,
took pan-
Mr. THOMPSON of Indnna offered, asan
amendmeat to fie amendment, to add the word=
"or is not specifically provided for by this bill,"
which being agreed to—
Mr WM B CAMPBELL offered a fuither
amendment to the amen unen , piovu'ine that the
pay oí the commissioner to negotiate the trea'y
^kall not exceed eight 'ollars per das nor the
mileage ten cents per mile, which was aho agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, w?s adopted
On motion by Mr THOMPSON of Indiana, the
conmutes rp e and reported the bill to the Hou«>
as amendet', and the amendments mide in Curn-
mii'ee of the Whole having being concurred w—
Tbe bill was ordered to be engrossed tor a third
reading
Mr McKAY having intimated b s mention of
making some observations on tms bill in regard to
the frauds  that have been practised in negotiating
Indian ireaties—
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana-hoped the bill
wouid be rsad the third time and passed now. The
gentleman from North Carolina, he said, could
...    ,                       ■                           ■■■     ■                                     .- - >
make his remarks on some other occasion, as they
could not be applicable to this bill
The SPEAKER said that the bill was not jet
engrossed, and could not be read the third time
now, but by general consent
Mr. WM. W IRWIN, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, asked leave to introduce a bill
making appropriation for the improvement of the
Hudson, Mississippi, Wabash, and other rivers
Mr LEWIS, and others, objected.
Mr IRWIN moved to suspend the rules, but, on
the yeas and nays being called, withdrew the mo-
tion.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Wednesday, June 22, 1842.
Mr CDTHBERT said, in looking over the
morning papers, he found that he was reported as
having voted against the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr Allen,] to take up the resolution
submitted by him in relation to the difficulties in
Rhode Island. He begged leave to have his vote
recorded in the affirmative.
The CHAIR understood it as a proposition of
the Senator to change his vote, if so, the rule was
peremptory, allowing no change subsequent to the
annunciation of the vote. It could only be done
by the general consent of the Senate.
Mr. CUTHBERT said his attention was drawn
off for a few moments, and when his name was
called, he voted, but under an entire misapprehen-
sion of the shape in which the question was pre-
sented. He would have voted in the affirmative
if the question had been presented to his mind m
the form in which it is reported As hts vote was
an erroneous one, he hoped permission would be
granted to record it properly.
The question was put, and permission was
granted.
Mr. EVANS presented three memorials from
the State of Maire, remonstrating against the
passage of a bill pending before the ,Senate, pro-
posing changes in the Wiscasset and oiher collec-
tion districts m that State: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG presented the proceedings of  a
j meeting of settlers held at Galena, Illinois, rela-
, tive to the disposition of the United States lead
lands   referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr BUCHANAN presented three memorials,
(similar to others presented by him,) from the State
of Pennsylvania, recommending to Congress the
propriety of creating stock, amounting to 200,000,-
000 dollar*, to be distributed among the States and
Territories, and based upon the public lands, and
pledging the proceeds from the same irrevo-
cably to the redemption of the stock referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. B also presented one memorial from the
county of Delaware, and two from the county of
Mon gomery, Penn , asking for protection to do-
mestic manufactures, referred to the Committee
on Manufactures
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
the city of New York, urging upon Congress the
importance of a speedy adjustment of the tariff
The memorialists say that the question whether the
procieds from the public lands be retatced in the
national treasury or not, is unimportant, and should
not be permit ed to prejudice the passage of an ade-
qua e tariff referred to the Committee on Manu-
faetmes
Mr EVANS gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, a* leave to bring m a bill to define ?nd
e-labhih the fiscal 3 ear of tbe Government
Toe resolution of Mr Woodbury, calling for
information as to what part oí the loan authorized
under the late law had been effected, emie up m
its order, and was, on the motion of Mr EVANS
laid on "he table for the present                             '
The Senate then took up th  joint resolution
submitted several weeks ago by Mr Graham to
amend the joint tules of the two Houses to theef
feet that, whenever a claim agamst the United
Statef, of any description, has been, or shall be
presented to either House, referred to a commit
J tee, and such committee shall have made a repor
