CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                         éU
Cl'Uft.......                      n   i    .      i                                                           ii                                                                                                                                  i                  .                                               i     n     ii                 I       in......
in writing against the allowance of the claim, and
the same shall have been concurred in by the
House, it shall not be again m order to corsider
such claim, unless presented on a new petition,
pointing out error in the action on the claim, or
presenting new evidence in support of it.
The resolution was discussed at some length by
Messrs. GRAHAM and TAPPAN in favor of its
adoption, and by Messrs BAGBY, LINN, and
WuODBRIDGE in opposition to its passage
without mature consideration; when,
On motion of Mr. LINN, its further considera-
tion was postponed till Monday next.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Po t Office and Post Roads, reponed a bill for the
relief of William D-buys; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. *
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceed-
ed to consider, as m committee of the whole, the
bill making appropriations for  the support of the
army and Military Academy for 1842.             *_
Mr. EVANS said there were several amend-
ments proposed by the Committee en Finance,
which he hoped would meet the approbation of thi|
Senate.
The CHAIR then read the proposed amendment
to the 1st section; which was, to strike out the pro-
visoes, as follows:
"Provided, That the recruiting service shall cease until the
number of non commissioned officers and privates in the va
nous companies of the several artillery and infantry reaiments
shall he reduced by death, expuation of tei m oi service, or other
causes, and such dischatges as the President may fi om tunc to
time direct, lo the numberfixed by th actenatled 'Anoct'ore
duce and fix the militaiy peace establishment of the United
States,'approved Mai ch 2,1S21 And provided fta titer, That
no part ol this appiopnation shall be applied after the 30th
day of September next to the payment of the legmient of dn
goons e&tablishtd and authorized by the act ol 231 May, lb3 ¡
And provided, also, That no money appropriated in tins bill,
or hereafter to be appropriated, shall be applied to the paj
ment of any larger sum of money to the officers attached to
the general staff, to wit those in the AdjutantGeneial'sdtpart
ment, the Inspector General's department the Quartermaster
General's department, the Subsistence department, the Put chas
ing department, the Medical department, the Pay department,
the corps of engineers, the topographical engineers, the Old
nance department, and the militaiy academy, that the sums
now paid to the officers of the same gtade m the infantry and
artillery service, whether the same be for their pay or emolu-
ments, or any other service."
Mr. EVANS said the provisoes would, if adopt-
ed as they came from the House, lead to a com-
plete change in the whole organization of the
army—first, as to its reduction to the standard of
1821; next, as to the disbanding of a regiment of
dragoons; and next, as to the equalization of pay.
The subject had been refened to the Committee on
Military Affairs; which commntee had reported a
bill to accomplish all the objects of reduction com-
patible with the service of the country. This was,
unquestionably, the only proper mode of legisla
tion; for it must be evident that ihe introduction of
the change into an appropriation bill was improper
and inappropriate.
Mr. KING said he thought they could act more
satisfactorily upon this appropriation bdl, after the
bill which had been reported by th  Committee on
Military Affair*, proposing a leducfon in toe
army. The mattci had undergone some examina-
tion, and he believed there was an evident de-
termination that <ome alteiation should take
place; and he believed it was important that a
change should, at al' event-, take place w.th re-
gard to wanant officers Tbeie ought to be
something bke eqiiali?=ii'on At present, he be
heved that staff offVtrs were placed upon <°t ch a
footing as to re.ider it exceedingly derrabe to
those holding commissions to be placed up n t«e
staff; and the department was cont,,antly b^iegcd
with' applic.i'nns in consequence He though' H
■would be b-tter to take up the Dill rero.'ed by t'u>
committee first of al), and to ¡.how the Hoiis  oí
Repre ematives that '.-ty wXe^d'spo-ed lo act
conformably to then Migg ¡  ion; oth<MV-e .i 
feared ihev would be under the necessity .1 handl-
ing this b h back and iortb, with amendment-, be-
tween the two Houses, and eventually tiat tbev
would be obliged to adopt it in t.ie shape the Hou e
had given to it. He did not leel prepared to de-
termine as to the propriety of retaining or rejecting
these provisoes, until the ether bill should have been
considered, that they m<ght understand to what extent
appiopr'ations sine required to be mad- He be-
lieved the course he had suggested would give
more satisfaction to the other House; and it wou'd
be much better, therefore, that this bill should be
postponed.
Mr. EVANS explained the inconvenience of
putting back the appropriation bill three or four
weeks He was sure the House would be satisfied
with the assurance of the Senate that it would act
on the bill m'roduced by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and would concur in passing the ap-
propriation bill for the army, without any delay
on account of the provisoes being stricken out.
Mr. SEVIER observed that, as he understood,
a reduction of the army expenses was contem-
plated, to the extent of about $700,000 per annum
He was satisfied that, unless some economical
scheme of th-s kind were a lop'ed, tney would be
obliged to report to some extraordinary measures
for racing ¡he necessary means for the support of
the Government. If ¡ii° Senator f-om South Car-
olina deifred that his bill should be considered at
a'l, it would greatly facilitate the business if it
weie considered first.
Mr. PRESTON assured the Senator that he and
the Committee on Military Affairs, of which he
was chairman, had brought forward the bill which
he introduced yesterday m perfect good faith. He
would have no objection to us being considered
immediately after this bill; so that it might go lo
the House m company wi'h the appropriations.
Mr. EVAN3 itai not awaie of any thing el=e
in the appiopriaüon bill tl al '*as likely to involve
discusnon. He noprd it w^uld be disposed of at
once.
Mr. KING sua he had no wi h to impair, m
the slightest degiee, the condition of the army, or,
indeed, of any branch of the pubrc seivic^; but
the Senator would see that they would be much
better embM to vo'e upon tue proposition of the
House, contained m the provi oes, af'er ihey had
examined tl,e subject of reduction as proposed by
the Commntee on Mill'ary Affairs. Tnough it was
unusual to eucun ber an appropriation bill wuh
extraneous mattei; yet, as the Hou^e had thought
pioper to do so, he would have no objection to act
upon that proposition at the proper time; but he
would prefer to adopt the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Arkansas s*nd to con ider the b.ll submit-
ted by the Committee on Military Affairs prior to
entering upon the consideration of this one. Al-
though he was unwilling to delay the passage of
the appropriation bi'l, yet he thought the proper,
sensible, and jud'epms course would be that which
he had referred to. Gentlemen would then be bet-
ter enabled to understand what thev were voting
for. He moved to lay the bill on ¡he table.
Mr. EVANS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KING withdrew his motion.
Mr. LINN wished to know why the chairman
of the Finance Committee wished to give tins bill
the preference
Mr. EVANS said the year was far advanced,
¿nd the service suffering for want ot th* means to
be «rprupria eel bv this MU. He thought <t co'il I
be d spostd t m h. H an ho'ir; and l i«n th- =rmy
b II, aponed yeMc dav, cju I oe la en uj, ard
al-o p,i srd lo «'v.
Mr. WOOnBURY \tí>- oponed to t' e pn posi-
tion •„ pr<.s i" o f jr<- ih  Sei.a'e, .oi striking out
tK.> prov oc~, ni f i (í>u<e h  \ ab it favorable to
di ru.tPi' c, 'a el -> 'a1 on uron the su'jec',
hut 11" w , .. leis , in f-woi ot utjiPing the
pre s ie, ui >1 eme oth< r rUn <' redaction th'UiV
'( alojtt If it wef ai< ^tel this sess on, hs
c(> a* o of '1 e p'oviscos would ".hen tease, if ro'
3 opii ' until tne ntvt ses ion the pious e.f oul i,
\ that ra--, ci"tu je until th  1«xl3 As a 'em-
pir*r ,'^'.\^ .on, h> ''.oi;nt ítdtsribie that the
pi-'Vis e,sbojld be atlop'ed
lucre \ a .«roiner a gnm°nt in favor of t<t
¿dor tie n— 'hi<t> a a , J ij t a rcdnctmn ol ih ex-
pense t as cm era] la'<-d to the extent, hf bel evecl,
of halt a million of dollar . Under the e c rcum-
siaoc-s, he was ib favos ol eauyi.ig out ihe vie* 
ol the House, until something bettei could be pro-
I   posed.
The question then came up on striking oat the
provisoes.
Mr. EVANS called for the yeas-and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. PRESTON explained the propriety of pro-
ceeding by bill on all regulations of the army. The
object of the appropriation bills is to carry into ef-
fect the established laws of the land. Having
passed thi  appropriation bill, the Senate can go
into the consideration of the bill for regulating the
service. In disposing of the regulation bill, should
Congress decide upon reductions in ihe service, re-
quiring less money for the army than the appropri-
ation bill provides, no harm will be done, as no
money will be applied beyond what the service
requires.
Mr. SEVIER explained the reason why he could
not vo'e to stfike out the provisoes.
Mr. CUTHBERT wished to know how far the
Committee on Mih'ary Affairs approved of the
proposed reduetiens in ¡he army?
Mr. PRESIÓN replied that, if lbs report of the
committee had been m print, the Senator would
have seen that the question was answered in it.
The committee had considerable doubt of the ex-
pediency of the reductions; but the financial condi-
tion of the country compelled them to approve of
the general proposition.
Mr. CUTHBERT asked if the members of the
committee would, individually, support the meas-
ure of reduction?
Mr. PRESTON said, unquestionably He would
support the bill he had reported
Mr. MERRICK observed that, as a member of
the committee, he also fell bound to support the
bill.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the committee in the pr pismon io strike o it the
provisoes, and resulted in the affirmative—yeas 28,
nays 8, as follows:
YEA.&—Messri Archer, Baghy, Harrow Rates, Bayard,
Benton, Berrien, Choate, Conrad, Cults, Crittenden, Evans,
1 uhon, Graham, Hendeison Huntington, Ktrr, Linn, Man-
ejin, Merrick, Moichead Pre=ton, Rives, Sewei, Smith ol In
d/ana Tallmadge, Walkei, and Woodbridge—28
¡SAYS—Messrs Allen UHyton, McBoberts, iSturgfon, Tap-
pan, Wllcot, Woodbuiy, and Wright—3.
The next amendment wa* to strike out the pro-
viso, page 2, lines 35, 36, 37, ps follows:
"Provided, That hereafter no additional ration shall be al-
lowed to commanding officers oí sepaiat- post3 "
Mt BENTON explained ihe reasons which had
mfluenc«d Congress to allow double rations to the
commanding officers of separate posts. It was a
practice founded on the necessary situation in
which the officers in command of «cparate posts
were placed Tms was according to the old es-
tablished laws He concpived the object of the
House was to assimilate the practice to that of the
bureaus—not military posts. The provision
should be embraced in the new bill to fo'low this.
And, considering that a proper place for it, he
would be in favor of s'rikmg out me proviso from
inis bil1.
Mr. WOODBURY proposed to amend the pro-
v so, by aldin  to it the vords "where tVre are no
troors "
¡Mi EVA^S said ihe object de ned to be at-
Inner' >y iheSen?toi from New Hampsh'r<-, [Mr.
Woodbury,] hv\ been a'ready ?ccomplishrd by
th  ac i m oi the department. The Secciary of
Wir had pubhshel a regulation, re-'rictng the
i-sue of lations, by co-fining ih<>m to'n* com-
manders of s.-paia e pos's, m *he h  r«il Tmning of
ihe ¡n«. Th- amendment of the Sena'or', ?sweH
as toe proviso of th  Rous , w-i= unnecessar '.
V.,o r-i viso ot di" Hi isf, 'astead oí roriecttngihe
abuse m   el —which ha I  existed for 5 ears—goes
ci* ti n o is 'o c.m-ridr j is of po4<¡, which
Nave il say b°en author ¿ d b/ 'aw, is staled by
the Senaim irom Ml s-uri, [Mi. Brarotr]
1'.- qiie'lio.i «J1 tneti Mkcii on >hf araen'm r.t
pre p std by Mr. Wo uaum, 1 d it *vas agreed to.
T.ie ques ion rtcPTiog on the arrendmcet as
ame' tied, it was pu!; and the pro vis > wa? stricken
The next amendment was on 5 h pag , line If 9
to 11! to mseet "including cnmpensatio 1 ot a spe-
cial agent to attend at the f«nndr. 3s emploj ed in.
making cannon," which was adopted
