0ONGSBESSIOSÍAL GLOBE.
Tbe clause, as amended, reads as follows:
"Por the armament of fortifications, including compensation
of a special agent to-attend at the foundries employed m making
cannon, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars  
Tbe next amendment was on 6 h page, line 121,
to change $120,000 for arsenals to f 150,000.
Mr. EVANS explained, that the esiimate of the
department was $150,000. The House proposed
to reduce it to $120,000. The effect would be to
stop the works at the arsenals m North Carolina
and at Little Rock, Arkansas.
Mr SEVIER observed, that as it was to carry
on the works at Lutle Rock, he would certainly
vote for the amendment.
Mr. KING approved of ihe general practice of
falling below the estimates of the departments.
He hoped the Senator from Arkansas would recon-
sider the matter, and vote wuh him against the
amendment.
Mr. EVANS stated that he bad been informed
there would be less inconvenience to tbe public in
discontinuing the works at North Catolma and
Little Rock, than elsewhere, and as no other ap-
propriation would be diverted from its object, the
works at these arsenals would, of necessity, be dis-
continued, unless the full enmate of the depart-
ment was appropriated
Mr. SEVIER c >nsidered there was as much
propriety in carrying on the works at the arsenal of
Lillle Rock, as the marine hospital at Mobile; ar,d
he could not, therefore, see why the Senator [ tlr.
King] should call upon him to vote against the
public works of Arkansas, while he was, htm«elf
so tenacious of obtaining the full estimates for
Alabama.
Mr. KING explained that he would not vote
for any expenditure, whether in Alabama or else-
where, which he did not cansider absolutely neces-
sary. There was such neee sity ps to the marine
hospital at Mobile; but, accoidmg to th> opinion of
the department, as expressed by 'he Senator from
Maine, no such immediate necessity with res-ird to
the arsenals in North Carolina and at Little Rock
Mr. GRAHAM pointed out ihe necessity for
continuing ihe works at the two arsenals alluded to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought it a very plain
case. Coigress had ihe assmance of the head of
the department thai the public service would suf-
fer if ihe estimate was not appropmt d in fall.
The Committee on Finance had reponed m favor
of the estimate. It was, then, a plam case that
the amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN could not conem with his
friends in the necessity of this increase of #30,000.
It appeared to bim that the object was not oí such
consequence as gentlemen imagined. He knew
that Kentucky would take cue of the arms and
ammunition in her hands at her own expense. tIIe
saw no reason why North Carolina and Arkansas
could not do the same. Besides, there was alwajs
a large margin made in estimates; let the $ 120,000
be judiciously applied, and it maybe made to go
as far, in these economical times, as §150,000 lav-
ishly expended. He hoped th  Senator from Ar-
kansas, wou'd con.ent to wa,t nil next year. It is
not an establishment nrefst-try to every S'ate, ihe
object ought lo be to have some central and appio-
pnate point
Mr. SEVIER was coi prepa-cd to amue the pro-
priety of the location?, all hecont'nded foi was,
that the work', are there—they pre n pto"„i<* s of
construction oi completion, and it is true eco i>
my to carry ou the wtrks, instead of letu-g them
suffer injury by delay.
Mr GRAHAM further explained the iece sity
for carrying on the works
The amendment vas then adopted—ayes 19,
noes 12.
The nsxl amendment was, same page, lines 125
126, 127, to  inseit  'for e^peis-   of  prepare 
drawing-, of a uniform system ofvt'll°ry, $1 350 "
Mr. IJNN c?S ed for 'orne expisna n .
Mr. EVANS pyp'amed that ih's vas n-f a n w
proportion.   Thesjs'em had been in pro^r ss ()r
years, and it was deemed ven de Kaoie o/ th   de-
partment that it should be mao'e as complete a<¡
„ possible.   He believed this appropriation  would
f Ifflsgpr alt the purposes contemplated.
was amendment was adopted.
The next was, page 7, lines 143, 144, to insert
"including arrearages," which was a^P1™-
Tne next was, in same page, lines 145,14b, to
insert "for military surveys for the defence oí the
frontier, inland and Atlantic, $15 000 "
Mr. EVANS explained ¡hat it was necessary to
have a fund for military surveys. He read a re-
port to show th  manner m which the fund is ap-
plied. Out of #30,000 appropriated for the pur-
pose last session, up lo February last only $ 13 108
had been drawn; but it was estimated that between
$13,000 and $14,000 more would be required to
carry < n surveys in hand, leaving a balance of
$3,000, which, with this $15,000, would be suffi-
cient for this season.
The amendment was adopted
The nest was, same page, lines 147, 14S, 149:
to insert "for arrearages and for the preservation of
tbe public property at ¡he several places of har-
bor and river improvement, $15,000."
The amendment was adopted.
The next was same page, 2d section, lines 9,10,
and 11, to strike out same proviso as before strick-
en out; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON proposed to amend the bill at
page 6, at ihe end of the 116th line, changing the
$360,000 for the manufacture of arms at the na-
tional armories, so that $60 000 may bs at the dis-
cretion of the Secetary of War, for the puipose of
purchasing other arms than those manufactured
for ihe Government.
Mr LINN asked for some explanation
Mr PRESTON gave the desired explanation.
Mr BATES was not awaie of the propriety of
the change The armories of ihe United States
were already provided wnh fully equipped estab-
lishments ard munition's of war It it was proper
to place a sum at the disposal of the department for
experiment, 1st it be made as a separate appropria-
tion; but he did not see the propriety of cutting off
any part oí the appropriations necessary to sUotam
the United Sae? armories
Mr PRESTON explained tint great pobho
good wiuld be accomplished, and no injury to the
public se vice. He hoped the amendment would
be adopted
Mr. STURGEON said ha believed it was abso-
lately necessary that a por'ion of this appropria-
tion should be applied in this way. Contracts, he
was aware, had been made; and, to fulfil those
contracts, it was required that the money snould be
provided in some waj; and he thought it might as
wtll be done from t is appropriation as m any
other way. He could not concar with the Senator
from Massechnsetb as to the invalidity of those
contracts, because there was no spec fie law under
which they have been made. They had been in
existence for a number of yeais, and it was a mat-
ter ot necessity that they should be fulfilled. He
would add one observation as to the quality of the
arms procured by those contract'-, he believed they
were infinitely supener to those procured at the
armory at Springfield or that at Hwper'a Ferry,
while the cost was considerably less Trr-!, he
thought, was a mattei worthy of consideration
Mr BATES did not concur with ins Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr Sturgeon ]
Mr SEVIER asked what s-urj lus of arms was
on hand?
Mr. PRESTON could not siy. He d(d not
prop s* an actional appropnation, his object
va cniy 'o give the discretionaiy powu rf apply
inp- one-fifth of ¡h" appropriation ,n such manner,
witi regard to the aeatUMUon of arms, as may tend
to tbe benefit of the c nnlry. Th> annual increase
of ihe popnli'nn of the United States is now at
1-asi 700,000, so that the-e was very little canee
of any surplus of arms accruing
The }"<: p"d nijs were demanded, and order-
ed, an \ resuUed in the affirmative—yeas ?2, nays
16, as follows.
YEAS—"\Tes*r« Alien, Arciiei, B3jard, Benton, Beinen,
Buclm an Comai Crmc"jen Fva = Ken Lmr, "Vlsngum,
Meulck, Moieheid Pheips, Pres on,Sevier, ^mtth of Connec
ticut, *5 urgeon, Tatimadise, T-iopan, and Walk i—22
]\ 4A7 —Me^í^ Ba^oy, Jüanow, llae^ Cioate C]a/tou,
Cuthbert, Graham, Ifcnf'erson King ^IcRobeits, Sm.in of In
diana, White, Wilcox, Woodbndge, and Woodbmy—16
Mr PRESTON proposed to amend the bill by
inserting after the 106 h line, page 5, an appro-
priation of p,000, to be applied, under direction of
the Surgeon General, to complete meteorological
observations.
Mr. KING ssked why an appropriating should
be made to accomplish an object heretofore attained
without expense?
Mr UNN asked whether the object was to print,
or make a synopsis of the meteorological ínforma-
' tion acquired? A vast mass of tabular informática
had been deposited m manuscript form; but it was
useless in its pressnt shape, though of great im-
portance to the country if published.
Mr. PRESTON explained the matter at consid-
erable length,
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN proposed an amendment,
to come m at ihe end of the bill, "for building and
repairing the necessary boa's, and carrying on the
necessary improvements, on the Mississippi, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Ohio rivers, $100,000." He
could only say it was an appropriation made for
many years with great benetit to the country, and
but lately suspended. He understood that, since
the suspension, fourteen times the amount of the
appropriation had been lost by the impediments Jo
navigation which had grown up. He hoped the
amendment would be adopied, as there was not
ene of greater importance in the bill.
Mr. MERRICK asked how long it was since the
appropriation had been suspended?
Mr. CRITTENDEN replied, since the vear
1839
Mr. KING thoaght the Senator should bring the
subject forward as a separate measure. It never
had been thought appropriate to encumber an
army or navy appropna'ion bill wuh such a prop-
osition. It was not the place or the tine tc
make ü
Mr. LINN contended that the matter was not
vr.thout precedent. He was as much opposed to
making an omnibus of this bill as the Senator him-
self, but this was an exception to the general lule.
He showed tLat 'he Government was interested m
the subject—in the transportation of troopa, arms,
and public pioperty In one instance, by tbe
wreck of a steamboat en its way to Fort Leaven-
worih, char.ered tor the Government—which was
wrecked on a snag—a loss to the Government oc-
curn d far exceeding the us^al appropriation sus-
pended From the pi mt «rh re he lived, he could
see the wrecks of seven steamboats Such must be
the case where two crthtee thousand snags are
accumulated. If this appropr ation is not made,
th3 loss must increase rapidly in 1841 it could
net be less than twelve or four'een hundred thous-
and dollars.
Mr ALLEN, without any disposit on to be ex-
travagant, would vote for the proposition, because
he thought it right and proper in itself. As to its
bnng improperly introduced m an appropriation
bul, saen would be the case till some joint rule is
adopted to prevent it [Mr A. made a forcible
appeal in support of the amendment, which we
regret the latene s of the hour at whicn we drew
up ibis ske'eh does not admit of our writing out ]
Mr. SEVIER advocated the amendment at con-
siderable length—pointing out the imperious ne-
cessiy, in a national pjmt cf view, for continuing
this appropriation. He was only sorrv that the
Sena'or from Kentucky bad not propos-d $150 000,
ah.ch had been u ually appropriated for ten oi
twelve years, instead of $100,000
M-. MOREHEAD had learned from the War
Department that estimates had been furnished to
Congress, not only for such improvemens.but for
the repairs of the snag-boats, He had not been
ab'e to lay his hands on the reports. He believed
the estimate for repairs of the boats was $15 000.
The appropnation will be less than that of tbe
estimate of tbe department. He had not a doubt
on h-s m-nd of the propriety of the appropriation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that, as lo tbe
obj c ion thit no estimate hai been mate, it must
be obviou that such a thing wc ild be a mere for-
mality. For ten years, np to 1839, the annual
-ppropnation had been $150 000 He had asked for
only $1 .(0,000, although, in consequence of ihe sus-
pension, a great accumula'ion of obstructions to
navigation had accrued,   There were no appropn-
