CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
afions that he voted more cheerfully for than the
light-houses along the Atlantic ocean.
There was no man who had ever spent a night
at sea on oar coast, that would not vote for those
lights to preserve the hardy seaman who risks his
life for the service of the country But these rivers
involved a commercial navigation of vast import-
ance. Tne Government is receiving from its in-
terest in the Louisville and Portland Canal, in
which it has about #408 000 of <rtock, 18 per cent
annually, since 1839—amounting to nearly the
yearly sum asked to be appropriated.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN desired to have the bill amended,
in page 7, line 144, by adding $60,000 for the sup-
port of militia to defend the inhabitants of Georgia
and Plurida. He submitted a letter which he had
received from the Governor of Georgia to the Presi-
dent of the United S'ates, which was read.
A long debate ensued on tbi« proposition, in
which Messrs. BERRIEN and CUTHBERT ad-
vocated the amendment, and Mr. PRESTON op-
posed it.
It was negatived—ayes 14, noes 17.
Mr. BERRIEN next p'oposed an amendment,
at the same place, tó appropriate $19,399 87 for
services performed by seven troops of volunteers
called out by the Governor of Georgia, and made
use of in the Florida war under the United States
officers in command
This was exp'amed, and, being esteemed a bal-
ance of the claim for the service of George
volunteers in the Florida war, the amendment,
after some discussion, was adopted
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the amendments were all concurred in. It
was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. MERRICK moved to go into executive
session.
Mr PRESTON desired to take up the army bill
It was very desirable it should accompany the ap-
propriation bill. He did not propose to proceed
with it now, but to insure its place as the unfinish-
ed business
Mr. EVANS hoped he would be able to get
the revenue bill forward to-morrow, or next day at
farthest.
Mr. MERRICK then pressed his motion to go
into executive session, and
The Senate went into executive session, and
soon after adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedne dat, June 22, 1842.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa presented the memorial
of the Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Du-
buque, in the Territory of Iowa, representing that
said city is located in the rear of several islands in
the Mississippi river, which are, for a part of the
year, subject to inundation; that about three fourth;,
of the year, when the nv r is low, steamb ats can-
not, owing to the<¡e obstructions, approach the
town, but have to land their freight and passen-
gers on these islands, from which they are, at great
expense and inconveniente, transported across (he
sines to the city. They further represent, that the
tules to said islands is yet in the United States
Government; that they contain only about one
hundred acres of land at low water; but, with cer-
tain improvements which the mcmonaluts propos*
making, they might be made valuable to the city
of Dubuque—at least so far as toenable the citizens
thereof to nave free acce s to tie mam cnann-l of
the Mississippi at the lowest stages of water Thev,
therefore, pray Congress to make a donation of the
said lands to the said city referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASEY of IlUois said, that a bill of
the utmost importance to the Western States*
had been passed by the Senate, and was now b fore
the Committee of the Whole, and he rose for the
purpose of asking the House to discharge the said
committee from the further consideration of mat
bill, so as to bring it before the Hots? and hive
it acted on at once.
Mr. TÜRNEY asked what the bill was?
The CLERK read the title as follows: "An
act to modify the several pre-emption laws, and
for other purposes. 
Mr. FILLMORE objected to taking up the
bill at (his time, to the delay of more pressing busi-
ness.
Mr. CASEY said that the bill would take «p but
little time It was of vast importance to the West-
ern country; and, to show the importance of act-
ing on it at this session, he hoped the gen'leman
would permit a communication which he held in his
hand, ftom the Comrmssioner of the General Land
Office, to be read.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman
from Illinois that he had better move to have that
communication printed, so as to prepare the House
for acting on it to-morrow.
Mr. CASEY would willingly do so, provided
the House would consent to discharge the Commii-
tee of the While from the bill.
Mr. STANLY and others st'll objecting—
Mr. CASEY moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of discharging the Committee of the
Whole from the bill.
Mr. STUaRT of IUmois called for the yeas
and nays, but a sufficient number not rising, they
were not ordered.
Tellers were then called for, and oidered.
Mr. TURNEY said he wished to know what
were the provisions of the bill before he voted for
suspending the rules
The bill was accordingly read.
[It provides for the repeal ot so much of the
present pre-emption laws as excludes from the right
of pre emption—1st. Persons who have settlc-d on
the public lands before they were surveyed, but
after the extinguishment ot the Indian title, 2d
Persons who own 320 acres of other lands, and
3d. Persons not na'urahznf, or who had rot filed
their application for citizenship previous to their
settlement ]
The que«tinn w as then taken on suspending the
rules, and lost- aye  48, noes not Gounted
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LAND.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr Stanly, came up according to ordei:
' Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to inquire
into the atnountand chaiactei of the expenditures which have
been made by the Government in sausiaction of bounty land
claims allowed by lilt ^tate of Vngmia, what amount of like
claims are still out  anding, whether any furtlier legislation of
Congress lsnecessaiy to stcure the treasuiy against the pay
ment of lmptoper or unfounded claims of that description [to
which was adde I, on the motion of Mi Wiluam O Goode 1
or to satisfy outstanding claims which ate just an I well
founJed , and tha' said committee have leave to report by bill
or otherwise "
Mr. GOGGIN, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House up to the expiration of the
morning hour, in an able and argumenta ive
speech, to show the justice and expediency of
making provision for the outstanding c'aims.
After Mr GOGG1N had concluded—
Mr GOODE of Virginia obtained the floor, and
the subject was laid over
THE TARIFF BILL '
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itselt m'o Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McKknnan of Pennsyl-
vania in the cha r,) and lesumtd 'he eonsidem on
of the bill " o prov.di revenue from imports, and
t ■ chaagf and modify existing regulations -ípo^ing
duties on imports, and for other pmpose= "
Mr. P>CKEN3, --po hid the fl >or from ys ei-
d?y, addressed t e com ri lee dnr og the hour He
wen into sn exa^irat on of the enmates snbm t-
tcd by the chatrmpn o' the Com' it'ee of Ways
an! M ans [«!'. Fillmcbe] ¡n relation to the
amount ot revenue prop «ed 10 be nused Accord-
ing to tne es'imates of that ¡jentli j>an,ib.p amount ot
impor's from which it was ptooospd to raiv  a reve
nue of $27,000,000 was $77 000,000, thus making
toe average dutv 36 per cent It was tvus proposed
to rai^-e the is 'role re enue of the G vernment frof
n"e branch of industry—from cemmsree alone
Wo/ •" s p prnposel to da this? Was commerce
mo-  fhur bin| tr-aa ai\ other branch of busi-
n->ss1 Hp ar,;u° I that it would be impossible to
raise the stile 1 amount The advoca es of toe h 11
would bt d> appointed in their exp-c anons The
circamstanctrs oi the country were different from
what they were m 1828 and 1832. Then, its circu-
lation was greatei, and its population less, than at
present
He toot an enlarged view of the subject of pro-
tection, and maintained that the best protection was
stable legislation and a sound currency. He an-
swered the argument that a protective tariff" was
necessary to prevent the export of specie from this
country. He appealed to the experience and con-
dition of England, to show that the advantages de-
rived from protection were not what they were rep-
resented to be. Indeed, he expressed his astonish-
ment that, m this enlightened age, when the whole
tendency of society was onward, any man should
be m favor of returning to the old, exploded, bol-
stering sjstems of former times. In the couise of
his lemarks, he introduced and discussed a variely
of topics, which cannot now be noticed, but which
will appear hereafter.
Mr. SNYDER rose, and said he should tafe-a
common-sense view of the question before the
committee, without endeavoring to follow the ar-
guments of any gentleman who had preceded him.
He then proceeded to express his views on the tariff,
and its necessarily associated measure of distribu-
tion, as they would affect his con' tituents. He
was opposed to the distribution of the proceeds of
the 'ales of the public lands among the States; and
he was also opposed to the taxation of coffee, su-
gar, and salt.
He was opposed to the distribution of the public
lands to the States—not from prejudice, but fear.
He feared that the States would transfer them to
the foreign capitalists, to whom they were, so
deeply indebted, and that they would occupy then
with a population that might come here and vote
us down
H  exhibited, from the bill before the commit-
tee, its operation on the poor man of the country—
for whom so few appeared his advocate—and
showed that no* only his scythe and sickle were
taxed, but the steel with which he sharpened them.
He next went through a mass of statistic"!, to show
how ihe iron iradc would be affectfd; next, tha pa-
per trade, next, the producer of wool, and the indus-
try b} which it was converted mto articles of use
and ci mft it
L t th^m, he prayed, abandon protection, so that
every man might trade on the nigh seas at his own
risk He was willing to vo e for such a tariff as
won d be sufficient for the economical wnnis of
the Government; but he would not vo'e for this
bill if the distribution clause vere retained in. it,
nor it it imposed a tax upon either tea, or coffee,
or salt.
Mr HUBARD next addressed the committee,
ii an able and argumentative speecn, against the
bill, and, in 'be c"ur?e of his remaiks referred to
a variety ofstatstical tables, to show the injustice
and impolicy of the protective system Mr H.
particularly opposed the principle of retaliation, as
not wanted by the tobpeco interest, and as not cal-
culated to advance their interests.
After Mr HUBARD had concluded,
Mr W SMI fH obtained the floor. He said
he understood ihe question before the comrxu tee to
be a proposiuon to substitute the bill reported from
th  Comm ttee on Manofac'uies for that reported
from ihe Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHtlR answered that such was the motion
btfore the committee.
Mr W SMITH sp.d he desired to address the
committee opon this propostpon, but as he ivas not
prepared to go on at this time, he would move that
the comm'ttee ns?, ¡n order that the House m ght
proceed with other business
Mr. WISE suggested to his colleague the pro-
priety .of taking uo ihe navy appropna'ion bill,
and layirg aside the sulject at present before the
committee
Mr SMITH mpde a motion to that effect.
M>" GAMBLE v-shed the Georgia milma bill
t ken up, and, at the sugs-suon of 'he Chair, moved
a divison of the ques ion
The CHAIS, ihtn put the question on postponing
the bill until tc-monow, and was arnoiincng it as
having been decided in the affirmative, when a di-
vision was called for. It beirg evident that con-
siderably less than a quorum were in attendance,
the count was not insisted on, and the motion fell to
the ground.
