Mr. WHITE considered the amendment now
offered by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] as a positive enactment. Though it ac
corded with hts understanding of the tiue con-
struction of the proviso, as modified by the Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. Evans] and covered, me
ground of construction upon which he would vote
for that proviso, yet it proposed to "egislate posi-
tively. The latter was a positive, and the oiher
was a negative pioposition. He preferred the neg-
ative proposition as the best    [A. laugh ]
Mr EVANS did not know but this was, after
all, a mere controveisy about words He had not
had time to examine the amendment rjropcsed by
_ the Senator from Georgia, but hr could not see why
his own proviso should be so mystified by the gen-
tlemen opposite Iti tendency would be, as he un-
derstood it, to replace all par'ie*-, on th  1st of
August, just a-? thej now slind But ¡f ihe Sena
tor from Georgia would include the second and
third s ctions, the purpose of the amendment wou'd
ba nearly identical wiih his proviso
Mr BERRIEN had no objection to the modifi
calton suggested by the Senator from Maine. It
was evident a doubt existed on the other sida
whether the proviso as proposed to be modified by
the Senator from Maine would be merely a sus-
pension of distribution, or repeal Mii'ht not the
same doubt exist in tne breast of the Executive,
should the bill hereafter to regulate the tanff make
no provision repealing the sixth clause m the dis-
tribution act. H s amendment modified as sug-
gested by the Senator from Maine, would read
"That the provisions of the second and thud sections of the
act. en itled 'An act to applopnate t le proceeds of the bales oe
the public lands, and 'o grant pie euiplion light-* ,1a sed the
Uthof Scptembei, 1841 and ti e piovison tie sxthsect on of
the said act, shall be, and the sa e are hereby suspp i led until
the 1st of August next, a tei which d ly the said ) rovi ions c f
the said second erd third sections, and the proviso to the said
sixth section sh<dl teviveand be in force "
Mr CRITTENDEN" cnu'd not see how any
doubt could exist tint th  dis ribntion act would
repve after the l^t of Ausust Trtere can be no
doubt. Why, then, shoa'd the language so care-
fully prepared by the chaiiman oí ti e Finance
Committee ba thrown a«de, to take ud an amend-
ment hastily penned by me Senator rom Georgia—
merely to obviate a doubt on the other Side wh eh
he himself enhot entertain.
Mr BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The questioa was. then taken by yeas and nays
on Mr. Be-rrien's amendment, aid resulted in the
negative—yeas 20, na>s 22( ?s follows.
YEAS—Messrs Allen Aicher, Bagby, Benim, Bel len Bu
chañan Cuihbeit Fulton, Henderson, King linn "VI Pobeits
Preston Rives, Smith of Connecticut, Tappap, Walker, Wit
cox  Woodbury and Wnght—20
NAYS—Messrs Banow Bales Bayaid Choate Cla>ton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Evats Graham Ktinti "ton, Kerr,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead Phelps Foitei Simmons, smith
of Indiana, Talimalge White and Woo Ibridge—2?
The quesuon was aga n slated on agreeing to
the amendment proposel by Mr   E.a«is
Mr WALKER considered that the present prop-
osition, after the vo'e just taken, was a d"daration
that the distribution shall go on, rtpariless of th^t
proviso m the distribution bill wheh siys that it
shall cease so °oon as a higher ra'e of dudes than
20 per cent, shall be collected
Tms act raises the duty past 20 per cent after
the 30ih of June, the pen?l'y for whin, oy Ihe dis-
tribution act, would be the repeal of that act But
this power comes m and remit  the penaitj—«nlj
suspending the payment of tie demotion for
thirty days The penalty sthus got rmof and a
tariff bid raising dunes 'o any amount can be
passed between th's and the 1st ef August, which
will not affect distribution at at1 This eon auc-
tion will be vastly stier g hened by ihe vole just
taken, when it come  to b  b ought before any tri-
bunal sitting in judgment on the right of dutubu-
tion If me bill be pa sed in tht form proposed it
will be giving a cart'hlvtsH to íaise an^ rate of
duties that the most ultra protectionist migct de-
sire. The Senator from Ma ne savs h  his not
had time to examine the amendment pi opo ed by
the Senator from Georgia LetAjm, then, giant
time for its examination and consideration, let him
•consent to an adjourn ne"' The vast impctaice
of the question at issue demanded tan.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr BUCH4NAN moved an adjournraent
Mr WRIGHT cal'ed for the yeas and nays;
wh ch, however, he would not insist on, if there was
no oppos tion to ihe adjournment
Til" jeas and nays «ere fh <i o dercd, and the
vote for adjournment resulted ás follows.
YEAS—Wessts Mien, Bagby Benton, Bel ríen, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton Henderson, King, I inn, McHoberts, Sinith
of Connecticut, Simeeon, Tapnan Walkei, Whit , Wilcox,
Woodbury Wnght, and Yo trig—20
NAY —Vessis AtLhei Bairow Bates Bayaid, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad Crafts, Cttttenfen,Evan° Giaham, Hunting
ton, K ir> wans;um, Miller, Miiehead, Phelps Portel, Sim
mons, ¡smith of Indiana lallmadge, and Woodbrldge—22
Mr WRIGHT sud it appeared to mm that the
question was a veiy simple one, indeed The pass
age of the biU under consideraron, Without any
proviso, would, in his opinion, accomplish precisely
the purpose which the chairman of the Finanea
Comm tlee had m view If he understood the
true construction of the provision ; of the distnbu
tion act, it waj, lhat as'oon as Uon"res<; should
raise ¡ho duues upon imporls aoove 20 per cent,
that act would be from that lime suspended, and
that when the ra'e of duties should again return to
20 per cent, the dislnbution '■hould be revived
Here, then, wa«¡ a bill now before ihe Sena'e, Ihe
operation of which was ¡o continte th  daties
above 20 percent until ihe l„t of Augubt Snp-
po e it to be passed wnhout any qualification
whatever would not the effect be precisely what
tht gentleman claim lo de^'t? It suspends the
distribution until ihe 1st of August And if, in
the mcfti Mme, Congress should notfurhfi legis
late, ue dufts voulu again, at the expiration of
th s act, return to 20 per cent, dnd the diMr bu ion
would igaia go on It ¿pDeared to him that it
wjs ihe most simpe pud p'ain <f ¿H possible
propositi* ns; arxl yet Sera or  w re petering
themselves o hit upon language which sho ild ex-
press thai i Inch was perfectly evident from the
express terms ot the enactment.
He was ob'iged to differ pot only from the gen
tlemen orjposite, but also from some of his friends,
in the construction of the provino;-, aEK¡ ne ¿jj so
withcorsideraolebp nation, although he felt the
mo=t pevigct corfijence in th1  construction b> hfd
given to it He believed that, if it were ma'e a
part of the 'f , f-ere would be an end forever to
the re-notion upon the distribution. Of this he
had not a panicle of doubt And jet gentlemen,
whose opinions he respected more than be did his
own, seemed to entena n acomrary opinion. Wh- t
«a? ibe purpose avowtd? It was— nd he would
not permit himse'f to donbtlhe smcetity of the
avowal—ihat ne d s "lbutntn should be merely sus-
pended a til ¡he 1st of AugUol, it v as a Ihere post-
ponement, so far ps mo payment of the fund was
co cern-d. The bi'l itself was perfectly spec Sc
onihspeint Then uaeie w?s the nec*«sny frr
th  privso? Ihe di iribution act was not tobe
affected or modifier in any oiher manner Taen
fol owed ih language wh ch anpeaied to him to be
exceed rgly significant—i should m no vay be
modified or afftceo, anythirg m the act contained
to ihe conlrarj notwi'oManding
Th's proviso then dec ares lhat the c'istnbu-
tion ic' 'hall no be all cted or mrdifi°d, except «;o
far as tnesu pei on it r one month oft1 e payment
ci the distributive porlion ti the aevei-1 S nes of
the 'and fund, anything m this act to the contrary
notwitii'landiog Suppose, th n, before the 1st of
Ar""^ arrives, C~>rgrcss pass «nothei act regula-
ting ihe au'es on impori- Rill the distribution
ac be stupe dptl or not? Í wis as perfec'o op-
parerttori mind a-sny prop anion ct uld possi-
bly be, h % bv ndiptmg f-is proviso, ¡h-y ended
Ihe wbole *n¿tter, for, w.ien the 1st of August
arnvts, if they shoa'd have passed ano n r act re
gu'pling tne duti^-j on imp "i s leavins; out the pro-
viso, a^d sayir" noihmg ajjut th  dis'nbulion «c ,
Ihe s"snen^icn of ihat pet \tould continue
Mr BUCHANAN was v ry anxious to get rid
of hie distribuía n in any fjrn, but, behevirg that
the orovjso row offered ' as b tier than lhat ot die
original bill, he sh uld aive ll his \ote He con-
ceived the Sena or from New York and his friends
wete mistaken m not considering that the distribu-
tion act carnoi be revived on the 1st of August,
without ako reviving the 20 per cent, lestnction.
gfl
Ha moved ta strike out from the word 1st of Au-
gust, 1842, lo obviate all doubt
Mr RÍVE3 ne/ei had a clearer view of any
ihmg m hit life than he received fiom thfe árgu-
m nt of the Sena'oi from New York If the pro-
viso stopped at ihe fitbt clause, it would be clear;
but the effect ot the lat er part r, that the distribu-
tion shall take place, "any act to the coitrary not-
withstanding '
It is by tne «ame instrumentality that the repeal
of Ihe distribution act is effected It amounts to
this that, tlnngh at that time duties may be ei-
is mg exceeding twenty per cent, the distribution
sjall takt place on the 1st oí August, instead of
the 1st of July. The conclusion i* irresistible.
He did not presume the mover of the substitute
had this intent, but why admit of any mystifica-
tion? If none is in ended, why not admit of the
motion made by tne Senator from Pennsylvania,
to strike out the latter clause?
Mr TAPPAN asked what was the purpose of
putung m a provij-o of this nature, when the dis-
tribution was suspended by a previous part of the
bill' He could not help thinking that there was
some object in it If. ihe latter clause adds noth-
ing, why not strike it out?
Mr SIMMONS observed that the distribution
bill provided for many things besi íes distribution;
such as p,e emption right--, and the payment of the
two pir rent, &c , to A'abama, and other S ates*
It was, there*V re, necessary to qualify tn* proviso.
Mr CRITTENDEN said that it seemed to him.
th doubts exprcbed were ungrounded He con-
eirred with the Senator from Pennsylvania in the
view he takes of it In this bill it is the object
that a me>e temporary measure, lo have existence
fir on- mun h oily, --hall not change existing laws;
l.avmg tbem to be adjusted by moie rcatured legis-
lation Are not the arguments against this amend-
ment set asile b/ the simp'e declaration,'hat the
whole efiect ot the proviso shall be to suspend dis-
tribution for one month? and to put down all other
c" «ructions, it is declared this act shall have no
ofhtr effect than to postpone the payment of the
dismbu'ion for one month
Mr ¡JHOATE concurred with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr Buchanan,] and he could not
s e any difference between ihe amendment of the
Senaior from Maine [Mr Evans] and the amend-
ment of lá" Senator from Georgia His wonder
wa% to see how gentlemen had embarrassed them-
selves It is said tins amendment repeal-! the dis-
tribution act Ho ? Th°re can be oüly two
wodts The first thing is to postpene the payment
ol the distribution to the 1st of August And then
the dibtr button act revives in full force. But those
who contend this is a repeal, go further, arid fcay
that, by t e Utter part of the amendment, all re-
striction is abrogated. That is noihing but the sal-
utaij and gjartlian proviso expressly precluding
such a conclusion.
But he had succe ded in discovering a legal dif-
ficulty It is ti ue that if ,h s> bill is passed without
any proviso at all, it suspends the operation of the
dis'nbution for one mon'h. TThe Senator from
Ma sachusetis says it remits the penalty, and the
S na'or trom New York catches at the idea But
it does not remit the penalty, it only postpones dis-
tribuaon for a month. Tne amendment means no
more than what he and his fnends meant He
would orfeit his right arm if it did The Senator
from Rhode Island had a-s gned good reasons for
ir-se'tiiissuchapronso—the many prov aions in the
d s nou ion bill, other han the one having reference
to the dis nbution
i IV'r WRIGHT observed, in answer to the Sena-
i tor f*or Rho e Isla id, that it appiared o be his
11 i tea t ts as neces ary to save the S a'es the benefit
,¡ of ih-> d str rulion act, even though suspended.
The Sena or bom Massachusetts thinks the matter
i as cleat as light, bat be (^lr W ) thought they
were ps far from cl°ar lign' as ever, and farther
too li e distriouiion act savs, .fyou laiseduties
past 20 per cent, th? distribution shaU cease, and
the first part of the proviso, ¡.he Senator im-
agines, «uspends that clause t U the 1 t of August—
tnat is, ¡t suspends the proceeds of the public land',
and thus, the frst part of the provision goes as
far as the argument of the Seaatoi from, Mame re«
