672
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quires.   He hoped the Senator, then, would vote ¡o
strike out the remainder of hh proviso.
Mr. WOODBURY wished to know whethet the
Slates., or (he General Government, were to have
the proceeds of the public lanis ac-rumg m Jul)'
He conceived the proviso would cause the suspen-
sion of the payment for a monib; but the right re-
mams to the Slates to c'aira it then. If not, what
use in the whole proviso?
Mr. EVANS owed an apology for not answer-
ing that question betore. His attention had been
drawn off from the subject; but he now fr ely eon
reused that he was grea*l| surprised at the doubts
nms expressed. He would explain that nib object
was, that all parties should siand, on the lit day
of August, on the ¿ame ground as oa the 1st July,
if no intervening legislation prohibits it; so, if there
be no law, the distribution act says the payment
•(hall be made to the States on the 1st of Jaly and
ttt oí January, that is, six months, riceipis But,
tinder this proviso, instead of being paid on the 1st
of July, it ssali be on the Is' cf August, and the
receipts of July g > with the other five months, to
be paid oa the 1st of January nex*, as the law di-
rects
Mr. WOODBURY said, then be was to under-
stand the Senator as saying that, notwithstanding
thedutiea shall be higher than 20 per cent for
July, the States are not to lose one cent of distnbu
tion for that month.
Mr EVANS said that the six months would go
to the Slates on the 1st January, leaving the distri-
bution act substantially in force till 1st of Au-
gust—suspending only the paymsnt till that day
Mr. WOODBURY observed, then nothing will
be taken from the State* at  ll
Mr EVANS admitted that to be the result
Mr. LINN sjid it was obviou-, ^en htmn oí ths
mojf etiligh ened* minds could not agree upon the
import of mere words. He hoped a nights leep
■Aould enable ihem to decide. He would, there-
fore, move an adjournment
Mr. CRITI'ENDEN lequestcd a suspension of
the mo'ion, till the question was taken on Mr.
Buchanan's amendment.
This was- agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bdshanan's
amendment, and negatived.
Mr. BUCHANAN then moved an adjournment,
and
The Senate, at G o'clock, ai'joumed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, June 23, 1842.
Mr LINN, from  the Commitee on Public Ex-
penditures, made a repirt respecting the contin-
gent expenses ot the House, which was íeferred to
the Committee of the Whole having in 'charge a
bill on that subject, and was ordered to be printed.
Mr TURNEY offered the following joint resp.
lution, which was read twice-
Resolved hij the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Amanta in Congress assembled, That
the benefit of the fust section of an act, entitled ' An act grant
mg half pay and pensiona to certain widow," approved the 7th
day of fuly, 183s aliill not be withheld from any widow whose
husband dndMiire thi pas«age ol Ihe ictof the 7ih day of June
ISA!, and the widow  ol Midi assh ill heieaftei die shall be en
title 1 to pprfio! a undoi said ict they bung otheiwisp entitled
ihflcto, an i wid w* it the nine tpplicalion for i tension is
made
Mr FILLMORE <-aid the resolution appcarel
to be a general pension bill of si re kind or oth r,
and, therefore, he was op, osed to i*s being hastily
passed, and wi hout consideration
Mr. TURNEY --aid (hit ¡ e intended to move
that it be commit'ed to the Committee on Revoiu
tionar, P'nsnn*, ind be ad led, that trie d<>ci i<*n
of the Attorn"/ General, by which the widows re-
ferred to in tee resolution were excladed from the
pension bs', wa° manifestly eironcous
After a few words fiom Messts LINN and
EVERETT,
Mr TURNEY withdrew his motion, and the
re'olution was coiamttt^i to the C mrmttee of the
Whole
Mr A C DODGE offued the following resolu-
tion, which was a i pted
MmoUied, That the Co.iimttipp ou the 'udn-i-iy he mstluot
«to ftq¿ te whether the ac> entitled " \n act to establish a um
VSSL^T™ of bankruptcy throughout t le United Slates," in
«Bnw^wtowaaudWttooasmjurisdietioniacaaeaoflidril.
IB
mptcyausmg under said act, and lfjunsdicuon be not aheady
confeired upon the said dismctcounü that Hie commiiieo m
quire into the expediency of"onlerimg thesaineonsaidi juit ,
andrepoubybiilorotKrri./'                   ,
Mr CASEY presented <o the, Hou-e a let er
from the Commissioner of the General Lwl Of-
fice (Mr. Thos H B.ake) U the Hon. Z, Ca^bs-,
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, in
relatian to certain bills ¡or the confirmation of land
titles, and to amend the laws granting pre-emption
to settlers on public lands: the letter was ordtred
to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Tieasury be required to
furnish to this House at as early a day as pr?ctjcable, the num
her of cargoes which entered the port-- of theTjnited Slates from
foiegnpoit  dining the year 1P11 and how many ol said car
goes were comp, sed wholly, or m part, ol salt
Mr LOWELL introduced, on kave, a bill ior
the relief of Robert Ramsay, wnieh was read
tviee, and referrel to the Committee on Naval
Affsirs                  I
THE NAVAL,,APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the moticn of Mr. FILLMORE, ihe House
resolved itself into a,Coiamitfeeof ihe Wnole, (Mr
McKjenkan id the ¿han,) ^nd postponed the tanrf
bill, foi the purpose of considering the amendments
of the Senate to the b|l enjitled "An act making ap-
propriations for ths naval service for the year
1842"                        /
Tne first amendmorn of the Senate was m item
No. 1, which provided for pay ofcommissioned, war-
rant, and petty officers, and seamen, $9,335,000.
The Senate had increased this appiounation to
£2,2!)Cl 000
Mr. FJLLMüu.5 recommended a concurrence
in this amendment
Mr RURNELL, (who is connected with the
whaung ii terest, sa'd t^e whole country had seen
with astonishment the statements (t th" nroeeed-
ings oí Congress m relation to the navy. The
c induct oí tne House had outraged public sentí
mem, for he asserted that public sentiment d,i not
require such an attack upon the navy as the House
haa mad , by which the House had reduced both
it, moral and its physical foree. H' reminded the
Hou'-e oi ihe proceedings ot ths ext'a session,
when, by exciting discussions on the McLeod case,
and the Northeastern boundary and oiner ques-
tion-,, th y not only alarmed the p-ople, but appa-
rently alarmed themselves, and, as a consequence,
they came up and gri-at'y increased their naval
force. But, m twelve short months, with singular
inconsistency and fickleness, they changed theT
policy, and proceeded with a reckless disregard of
the existing siate of things.
He the w«m through some tabular statements,
to show the amount and importance of our com-
mercial marine, and compared it with that of Great
Bu am He glanced at the commerce of the
United States in var.ous parts of the .,/orld, which
was great and increasing, and for its protection, he
contended that such a navy was neces ary as
would compel every nation of the earth to respect
our flag.
Mr C J INGERSOLL desired to say a few
words in explanation of the vote he gave on the
proposition for a reduction of the navy, which it
appeared, by what had been 'said by the gentleman
from Ma sachuwtts, [Mr Burnfll,] narl bee.i en
tiitly smsundcr tood Wi h "-orne h° itauon he had
voted a^iiist b< amen iment of th  gentle nan from
Georgia [Mr Mcriwí.th'-r] some davs or *jfi¡s
i ¡so, a"d noiv, witlioat fuitVr reflect on or ae na-
tion, he should as de by dm vo'e, but, inasmuch
as there had been a publ c nvemig at Ph'ladelphia,
fit wfncu resrjutiono were adopted, ^pe<-King i very
feeling mte<-e t on th ¡> subject, togetner wuh an
animated controversy on this floor n regard to it,
he thought it du - to its importance that he should
expU in wha' Is views were. With rtspect to
v,h<-¡ 1 ad faPen from the honorable gentleman fr( ra
Ma^ae-hu et 5 [Mr. Busnell] in relation to ¡he
commercial m nne or ihe Un.ted Sta es, the gen-
tleman hid ovilooked fai the most irrpor ant [ art
of i', and th ' was the po^ en of u eagsg d ii tl r>
coasting tía e
It was a fact, that ought to be known to those
wc > are not fam liar witn soe'u subjects, that ¡he
gre<Mei,¡ seaport m the world is maintained almost
entirely by ihe coasting trade—and that, in the
kiDgte article of coal. In fact, the coal trade of
Loadon was the only increasing commerce of that
great c 'y, ana its mos' fertile nur-ery of seamen,
as it was destined to be of the United S aks. As
in that tralca portion oi his c ty [Philadelphia]
was more immediately interested, and as the coal-
ing trade had been much underva'aed, he ihougfei
it necessary to say this much Yiekbng to tbe late
and present Secretaries of th" Navy (Mr. Badger
and Mr. Upshurj all due praise for the Zeal and
ability with which they had fulfilled their duties,
he would premise what he had to say by the av
sertion, that he totally disagreed with them in their
opinion tha' the American navy ought tobe one-
halt the size of that of England. Leaving war
out ot the question—'or he believed that the venera-
ble negotiator who has been for some time among us
has remove! every idea of it; so mnch so, that
were was hardly a man, woman, or child in the
country, who believed that there would be any—he
would speak only m reference to a peace estab-
lishment. For a peace establishment, then, he
thought the navy was already too laige, and there
was no just reason w hy it should be regulated m
reference to that of Great Britain The condition of
the two countries in regard to the service required
of their navies was wholly dissimilar. Great Brit-
ain had large colonial establishments to defendj
she was sustaining the balance of power in Europe;
her proximity to rival powers, and her constant
wars—all these circumstances rendered a larger
naval force necessary. He thought it was, there-
tore, preposterous to attempt to rival England m
ihe us and force of our navy. Situated as we
were, he thought that upon the smallness-of our
nary (and he might say the same thing, too, of th?
army) depended its efficiency; and he was con-
vinced that any attempt to increase either would be
to deter'cate them.
It had been very gratifying to him to rind that,
in this discus>ion, no1 one member Bad said a word
against the navy: it was not, therefore, necessa?y
for him to profess to be friendly to it. The qaes-
tion, however, now was, how to make the navy
must efficient; and, on this subject, he had come to
the conclusion that hasty action was extremely im-
proper. He entertained no doubt, from what lit-
tle attention he had given to the matter, that our
naval expenditure's might be reduced nearly two
millions by an economical administration of them.
The pay of all the intermediate officers, from the
captain down, appeared to him to be out of all rea-
son, and far above lhat of any s-ervice in the world.
Wbv, v>t meet (said Mr. I.) every day, m our way
to the Capi'ol, young gentlemen—very nice little
chaps—twelve years of age, or thereabouts—who
are receiving the>r $500 a year. [A voice was
heard saying $390 is the pay of a midshipman.]
No (said,Mr. 1.) the gentleman is mistaken, the pay-
ana emoluments of a midshipman on duty aie about
fivis hundred dollars, and some seven hundred and
fifty when he becomes a passed midshipman. Now,
everybody must know that five or six hundred dol-
lars a year pay for a hale boy was monstrous. It
led him into extravagance ana vice, and it led to
that extraordinary competition for appointments
which, as the gentleman from Indiana had ob-
served, was shown by a hit of 5,000 applicants
for midshipmen's warrants A very important re-
duction might, therefore, be made m this branch of
expendituie. There might he a siill greater econ-
omy observed in the administration of the navy-
yards and naval nations, many of which were
maintained at considerable expense, because the
department did not know what to do with the su-
pernumerary officTs Furthermore, he believed
that in other branches of the service there was the
most was eful and unnecessary expenditure. He
saw it Stated in the newspapers that Congress was
e/ery year voting appropriations for the purpose of
laying up timber. This was a useless expenditure.
When it became necessary to build ihe ships, it
would be time enough then to buy the timber He
had understood that ihj ship!  built on the lakes,
duung the ^s^X", were built of timber cut imme-
diately from tflPforest ft r th" purpose, and they
las.ed long enougn to gam the victories which add-
. ed so much to the reaowa ol the navy.   Indeed,
