CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Skss.
MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1842.
Volume 11 ••••No. 43
Continued from JVo 42
he had understood trom a skillful officer, that ships
built from timber cut when wanted, would always
lasta sufficient length ot  time to compensate for
the cost of their construction
There was another item in which economy could
be introduced, that he could not help noticing. No
one could travel through the country, and vim', the
little towns and villages, and fail to see the host of
idle officers out ot service, and there waí no doubt
at all but a great many of them desired to remain
on shore. Many of ttiem had been for years on
shore. Now he thought it surely must be in the
power of the House to suppress this evil. Ttie
House might, by the report ol a committee, followed
up by a suitable bill, reduce the number of officeis,
by throwing the idle and inefficient ones out of ser-
vice. If the House coald, by such a resolution as
that passed in 1821, reduce Major General An-
drew Jackson to a private citizen, surely they
could reduce 50 or 60 idle useless officers of the
navy. But the reduction ought to be made by a
general bill, framed for the express purpose, and
not by an appropriation bill
When he heard the venerab'e gentleman iron
Massachusetts say that it was necessary to act in
an appropriation bill, or not act at all, he was the
more determined to vote against the reduction pro-
posed in this bill, for if such was the appalling
tact,then it was time for the Ht use to try the prin-
ciple, and see whetbei, by a deliberate ac', they
could not remodel the army and navy both, with-
out being obliged to legi late lor *he p in an ap
propnation bill He had seen it stated that there
was some difficulty m obtaining the loan author-
ized by the act of the present session; and if this
were so, he did not wonder that capitalists would
refuse to lend their money to a Government that
was unable to reduce its army or its navy without
doing so, m an appropriation bill. All these reasons
(Mr. J. said) were in his mind when he vo'ed
against the reduction proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia; and though he was friendly to it,
and desired to see no increase ei*ner of the army
or the navy, he could only vote for it in a general
bul.
He must beg leave to say a word or two, in
conclusion, in regard to the navy at large We
must have a navy. He would not, like hio col-
league, [Mr. Snyder,] leave commerce to protect
itself; but, said he, we must protect it by an armed
marine. Morally speaking, the United States
were just as much an island as Great Britain.
Oar commerce, too, with Europe, Asia, Africa—
with all the world—is by water, and a navy was
undoubtedly our ablest íepresentative abroa 1—in-
deed, more efficient than any diplomatic agent.
He was very suie that none of our foreign minis-
ters were of such use for the protection nt our
commerce as to have our flag seen in every part of
the world. He would ad 1 another laci worthy of
notice. A well-known element—steam—h<-1, as it
were, taken up Europe, and put it vith n len or
fifteen days' sail oi our coast.
The dock-yards of Europe, which used t    beat
a distance of a six or ti ht  wtek>' vo,ar   from
America, were no-v within fif een or  s x'en days'
sail.    And let him tell W'stem g^nthwei.  mat it
was only n cfs ary to enlarge th° We'Ui i   i  nil
(a mere affair of britk-> and  morta')  to tr-be a
British or French steamer fro-i Plj >r> >>uh   r 8 <•• i
to bombard Bjff*U>, or Sha v < e on,a, or O ir- t
For these and other rea o i% it  wis  nee     .i    lo
as to have a ravy,  a^dhewa   ' r rtn'l— i  it -
efficient as possible     He a d pot  owevc>      i>
that it would te exped «it to en ugc it     A smi I
navy, rather whhm than bt)oti(l or>• rn "r     ">a'd
answsrall our purp «es b-ter   bin a  1'       ore,
and its efficiency must be p-omoted by <s >bhsh
ing a proper discipline    To \vha'wa=> it v e o«e!
our brilliant victories in the last war with Gr-at
Btttain, but to the superior discipline of our navy?
Sbi|** and officers might be multiplied to any cx-
ten ; but, wuhou* discipline, they would be com-
paiatively inefficient.
There was one more fact to which he wished par-
ticularly to cad the attention of th  House We
were now nearly equal to the first jiariume power
of the world in our comm'ucial marine, and nearly
on a par with her in population He le-srned from
a late Briu-h publication, which he had lately read,
written by Mr Senior, one of the ablest of the
British writers, that we are the fifth nation in the
world in point of population; and In extent of
territory, the second The great question, then, for
ui to decide, wa«: Do we mean to be the mere cul-
tivator* of pacific relations with other countries?
or do we mean to open entirely a new career? or,
removed as we are trom Europe, are-we to main-
tain a certain amount of warlike capacity? He
was as much deposed to economy as any member
of the House, yet he would not, because the
finances of the country were temporarily embar-
rassed, vote to cut down our establishment';, or to
impede the onward progress of the United Slates.
A gentleman speaking to him two or three years
ago on the subject, said that there wis not aman
of intelligence but could, m a couple of jears, re-
store the financial condition of the country.
He should, therefore, vote to let the navy move
forward in evil, as it ihe circumstances of our
country were good It was tiue thit the Govern-
ment and the country were embarrassed; but our
resources weie not disturbed. All the internal
sources of grandeur remained unmmrrupted. He
thought nothing shoull be denied, because of our
difficulues Those difficulties might easily be
remedied, and he wished the question decided
whilst the countiy was in its present situation. He
begged ihe majority here, in their action upon the
navy, to look to the interests of a great nation—a
nation which, ten years hence, would have twenty-
five millions of people.
He would add wh&t he intended to have said
before, in iciation to the war-making power It
did not require an act of Parliament to make a
declaration of war. The name of Queen Victoria
or Louis Phillippe to a parchment was enough.
He called attention to the (act, that during the last
one hundred and nfty years, the greatest maritime
power in the world had dispensed with declarations
of war. It had s'ruck first, and talked about it af-
terward A b'ow and a word, instead of a word
and a blow.
He was not deposed to disarm He was in
favor of a proper medium. He was glad we were
in our present difficulties When he said so several
years ago, he was reviled for it as a radical. Yet
the opinion was beginning t > prevail, that our tribu-
lation had done the country service. He was glad
tuat, in the midst of the financial difficulties of the
Government, the Hon e was called to vole upon
the eMimi-t-s of the Secretary of the Navy It had
now to  ay it once whether, because the two ends
of the year muht not nuet at the treasury, it would
di arm and disraan lr the navy, and hereafter be
compelled to build no a^ain at an increased ex-
pense H  >vi, m fa/or of consistent legislation
ai d expenditure*
T.te  member-, if h'Hit'e sate here under a
paper C n .1111 ' 11     Wou'd any n n --ay that this
paper Cm ti 11 ion wis  as siro^g  as the navy in
binding  us Usedier?     [Here  Mi   Spawn ?sked
t we quos 101 s a">   10   t.     nuioibn  & •, 0' vesstl-,
bu It in ' r )i ' d  la t >ear ]    U« repeated    the
P  v w i a i v  ifu    bird    mt  held us   rgitii-r
1 n  1 st lui of    ?'l )*  marc 1
au   nt  ot  th   ??e, he   I ougu
n  rSarac pr, fe° op-, ard i-n
e w  0  hv d in  ti        ys (f
B '«e/ms; ihe a \y to b* sucl
a nece s^ry b nl of unm", ho de^'id to see it per
ftcted     He  h-ui  lent  v,i"   rejret t e reona.ks
and con'r iversy retween bis c lb ¿sup,  (Mr   G.
Brown ) and ihe  gentleman liora 'he Nor oik dis-
tr.ct, Virginia, (Mr. Maixort ) as to the men s of
A 1 r a 1 0 11 1  pi
(if m nl an)        >t
; e 1 'p  h      am 
pu1 es, as      e  1 '
G'eece a id R n
their respective navy-yards; al o, he wasstny to
have heard the venerable gentleman from Ma-sa-
chusetts (Mr Adams) inquire whtther there wefe
not more officers from Virginia than from Massa-
chusetts.
He did not himself heed these things. He recol-
lected to have often heard of the conversation
which took place between John and Samuel Adams
before the 4thol July, 1776 It wasasked, "Whom.
 hall we make commander-in-chief of the army?"
John Adams answered, "Gen. Heath," (he b«-
lieved that was the name of the person proposed,)
who was from Mass .chusetts Samuel A.fams
said "No, the commander-in-chief must be a Vte-
gmian. General Washington must be the man."
And Washington was made commander. Samuel
Adams never asked where the most captain's came
from, aud never looked to sectional feelings. These
local feelings (Mr I thought) should b  crushed
in the navy, though they might be the root ef legis-
lation
He thought the navy should be looked at with
regard to other considerations, besides us expense
and the pay of its officers It  importance was
greater in a moral than in a physical point of view.
It was impossib'e to read Cooper's Naval History,
without coming to the conclusion thai we were des-
tined to be a great naval people. Even in the
West, among people «ho could have nothing to
do with the navy, it \sa* looked upon as an object
of pride and affection. He was glad to see the
spirit evinced by many of ihe Representatives
from the Wtst. He thought, by deliberate legis-
lation, the cost of the navy might be reduced to
two-thirds of its present rate. But it could not be
done by jerks and amendments to an appropriation
bi'l. He wished settled and deliberate legislation.
Without that, he dreaded lest the service should be
injured.
Mr. MERIWETHER addressed the coinrr íttee
at length in reply to the gentlemen from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr Iwgehsoll] and from Massachusetts,
[Mr Bornell,] and m opposition to the amend-
ment of the fcenate increasing the appropriation.
He said he was prepared for the thundeis which
had come from pensioned presses against the re-
daction in the appropriation. He denounced the
Secretary of the Treasury as a b'underer who had
deceived -the House, and who could not be relied
on. He alluded to the debates m the Senate, vhere
the House of Representatives, had been abused,
and vindicated the Hous^ irom the aspersions cast
upon it The House was (our weeks in adviiue
oí the Señale; hid passed three limes as many bills;
sate six hoursaday, whilst the Senate sate but ihree
or four, and on Saturday, too, when the Senate
generally took holyday. He argued in favor of a
reduc'ion, and quo'ed the authority ot Commodore
Stewart to sustain his views.
The Secretary ot ihe Navy had given them a
report of the number of rfiicers who had done no
service for ten years, and the number who had
done no duty for five years, and he (Mr Meri-
wether) had looked into the ma'ter to 'ee what
amount of pay tliev had drawn during that time.
He found that the officers who bad rot been at sea
for the hsi ten years, nor yrt dire any shore ser-
vice, had drawn trom $18,(00 to $25,000 Now,
it wai n >t ihe 'try 10 make tm navy of lh° United
Siaie^ resp-ci d 111 eve y s* , it 1! t« kept officers
to spend ihe r t e<e in ihe bai-roons of hotels, or
11 be'1, rgoiiizeJ b th ?rU ], CP ^lo^cd by the Inxu-
1 s s h i h th ir u e -1 e i iay stTbids Were men
sjeh as me'e to   ti   a'n t e I 01 0' and character of
I   1 c< not y'1 !>-/ could no dip. Hedilnou
apn y h'ie (b "rvat ous  lo all   k<- others of the
II \\f), h> estcou 1 r««iy 'ren or their fi 'eh v
to the s(.-vl(,e, but he ro fe sn! iw 11 uli s;ive me
back of his hind to the lazy drone* to be found
in it.
He then mantiene 1 tl e ease of a p?'s n name I
John J, Young. Kho, in 1837, h d 'he nsiortine
to be senously wounded in bo n kgs, but who  a,
