614
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
again put on duty as soon as he recovered; and,
until 1831, that gallant man remained on doty,
while many, with both legs sound, did nothing at
all. These abuses had gone far enough; and he
entreated the House to stop their further progre;s,
and to begin earnestly the work of reform. He
knew they were accused of, and reproached with,
invading the rights of the Senate; and they received
scorn and bitter reproaches on tins floor, a* well as
from the press, beeause they dared to say that these
abuses ought to be stopped, but he (Mr. M ) was
satisfied to go home and sustain the outpouring of
the storm and the thunder which rolled over their
heads.
Mr SPRIQG had incurred some responsibility
in connexion with this subject. He knew that the
navy, as an arm of the national defence, had been
a cherished establishment, and a popular theme
Far as was his district from the sea, he knew fiat
even there the navy was a popular establishment—
and, indeed, it ought to be with every man who
has any regard for the honor of his country ; but,
in regard to the exercise of the power of the Ex-
ecutive and of the Senate, in the multiplication of
officers, this House had a solemn duty to perform.
The item under discussion was intended to appro-
priate money to pay tne officers of the navy; and it
was worthy of observation, at such a time, that
this Government had been paying at the rale of
$250,000 or $260,090 annually ior men "wailing
orders " He believed there was a dist.nct'on be-
tween officers waiting orders and those on leave of
absence when an officer obtained leave of absence,
his pay was reduced, but when he. was waiting or-
ders, his pay was very much the same as when in
actual service. The Secretary of the Navy repoi t-
ed that last year the amount paid to officers wait-
ing orders was $361,000, but this year the estí-
males were increased to upwards of $295 000.
At some of the navy yards, too, tlis officers had
nothing to do He would take Pen^acola as an
instance, and there they migut as well have no
navy-yard at all, for a ship could not even be re-
paired there And yet they were paving annually
from $30,000 to $40,000 for officers there.
Again, he believed, from the year 1816 to 1834,
that not a single public vessel had arrive i at Pom-
mouth, and yet for that, also, they paid from
$30,000 to $40,000 per annum But although the
officers at these yards had little ~t nothing todo,
they had the power to employ as many civil oth
cers as they pleased, and as many cierks as they
pleased, who were paid large salarus, with but lit-
tle employment lie mentioned these facts, to
show that in 1841 they had more officers than
were requisite, and yet they were required by tne
Senate to continue to pay for more than were re-
quisite. The President, the Sena e concurring,
could employ as many (fficers as he thought proper
But, if this House did not cho se to become wholly
subservient lo the Executive, it had a great and an
important duty to perform, and he maintained ih>>t
they ought not to increase the apprc priatton be-
yond the amount which the House had originally
proposed. He entreated gentlemen dispassionately
to oonader this subject bifoie they gave their
votes He (Mr S ) had no othei ieeling than of
love for his country, whose m erests he desired to
■subserve. He entered not upon th'S subject in the
spirit of pmy, nor with any desire to duve any
man from th* publicservic ,for tli^ c unlry c'aim-
ed pre-eminence over party, and lb  interests of
the people culled for a reduction of their expendi-
ture*, their regard for the naval service, also, would
prompt tnern not to bring it into disrepute by the
continuance of its abuses
He could not but view the payment of so large
~ sum as $261,000 per annam to officer;, "waiting
or ¡<¡rs," as a device to gtve favor, power, and
strength ti the Executive They hid also navy-
yard*', and hospitals, and rendezvous, used ass'rat-
agems and devices to give men em^loym^at; and,
in this respect, the precept Wwig Vm n stration
had been more criminal tnan ?ny of its prfd-ces
sors Tne establishments vibic'i he had mention-
ed were devices to give emp'o/ment to men who
had to hmg to do, and those "ivaiunB ordeis" were
m the same situation, with this difference: that, if
they obtained leave of absence, their pay would
be reduced, which ihey received without diminu-
tion while waiting orders, and, in this matter, they
could only restrain the Executive and the Senate
by a reduction of the supplies. Here was an offi
cer who recruited a man, and he handed h m over
to the rendezvous officer, by whom he was trans-
ferred to the officer of the receiving ship, and by
him the man was transferred elsewhere. Now, he
( Mr. Spaiae) believsd lhat one man could do all
the duly which at some of our navy-yards employ-
ed some thirty or forty, or even fifty, but, he re-
peated, the whole sys.em, to a gieat extent, was
but a means to give favor and power to the Ex-
ecutive.
He then noticed the large increase of chaplains
which had recently b en made; but this might be
right, and in the spirit of the age In the other
appointments, however, he deemed it necessary
that the Senate and the Execuave should be re-
strained, by the refusal of appropriations He
admifed that, heretofore, he had done much which
he knew not now how to justify. At the extra ses-
sion he voted for the rule ltm t.ng the subjects for
consideration, which he now admitted to have been
the most tyrannical and despotic rule that was
ever adapted by any legislative bot'y; he could not
justify it, he voted for it as a partisan, and under
Executive d elation But he could not now go
home to his const tuents, and tell them that he had
voted away from $S00 000 to $400,000, for which
no services were rendered
Retain this horde of publ c officeis, with power
to the President to appoint more, and what was
the eonseqaenee? Ships musí be built, and sub-
sistence mua be provided Tiey were told thit
there weie now five thousand applications for mid-
shipmen's warrants; and how was ihe nation to
su tan the fearful expendituies whicri such a sys-
tem entat'ed upon i? But, nib. ihe inertísc of
officers, ihere was also an increase of civil officers;
and the lacrease oí exp ndttu'es tor the repairs,
over i'i" expenditures for the baildmg ot ships,
provtd that the system was but a device to give
employment t> men, and to feed them out of the
public ireasar/
The increa e of courts martial, tro, he believed,
aro e, in great «leisure, in mvidiousness and a
desire for promotion He alluded to tie recent
case of Captain Levy, who had risen m the ser-
vice from a position in which he learned all its
íut ordinate dut es, and who, in war and his coun-
try's peril, had gallantly served her, yet, because
he humanely spared the laceration ot a -hip-boy's
back, resouing rather to the apslieatioi of a little
tai and a feathu, which the sailors did not con-
sider a punishment, he was dismissed flora the ser-
vice A little ridicule, which was ptompted by a
humane spirit as the punish iient of an offender,
was ?n offence wh ell nothing couH "Xpiate bat
expulsion, while the sava¿e barbarity ot "the cat"
wa, honorable and w( rthy of an American officer
Good Heave i' wis such to be unuewood as the
ruing principle in ourseiviu1
But to return They weie involved in no war,
nor was thpre any prospect i f a w?r No part of
God A'mi^hty'o creation de-irrd to be at w<>r wiih
America On the contra^, a'l na ions ,vre desi
rous to cultiva e with her a spirit oi friendship,
and a petpelu-nion of peace and the arts of peace
The abuse ot the press of the lara" c ties was not
extraordinary, tor, with officers stationed there, an
influence was exerted, and let them but increase
the number, and thatinfluence too woull increase;
and the abuse of the pre i of those vho regarded
the country rather than individuals-, wouli increase,
too, in a corresponding ratio But he felt lhat he
should in-ult the patriotism of Ihe House if he ap-
pealed 'o them to adhere to ¡heir or gtnal resolu
tion
Th° honorable gentleman then commented on
the employment of rnval officers m the ctvl de-
partmei t  of th^ Goveti ment, 'or v nt o' emolu-
ment at sea, 1 ur the expira'ton of his illot c1 hour
Drought hurí to an acupt condusu n
Mr ADAMS then a jare^scd the commiUee a'
«ome length in 'import of the firs, and second
amendments of the Senate, and in opposition to
the third.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York said the pro-
viso which was inserted in the bill up< n his mo«.
tion, and of which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] had complained, was merely in-
tended to be temporary. Its object was not to de-
stroy, bat to save the navy. It was not, as the
gemleman from Massachusetts had stated, for the
petty purpose of reducing the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. It originated in a higher and a nobler
motive than that of mere demagoguism He
would remark, that many of ihe grades in the navy
had nearly doubted since January, 1841 At that
time there viere 55 post captains In January,
1842, 68 post captains—an increase of 13 The
number of commanders during the year was in-
creased 41, heutenan's 100; surgeons 10, pursers
10, chaplains 11. Whether the chaplains were en-
gaged in singing songs in the campaign of 1840, or
not, he knew not, but the number of chaplains in
the navy ttas doubled soon afterwards.
[Mr McC. was here asked to state the increase
of officers from January to March, 1841; to which
question he replied that he had not a statement
made out ]
But, in addition to this large increase of last year,
it was now proposed to augment the number of
captains still further, from 68 to 105, and to make
a similar increase in the number of commanders.
In order to ascertain what ground there was for this
extraordinary increase of the officers, it was neces-
sary to inquire what was the number of vessels in
1841, and see if they were sufficient to employ all
these officers. He found from tne official leport
of the Secretary that there were in the navy of the
United States but 67 vessels, large and small. Re-
cently he i ad received a letter from an officer in
Virginia—that naval nursery of the United States—
wbicn pronounced the action of the House to be
just, and waieh ¡equested htm to offer a resolu-
tion callmo on the Secretary for a statement of the
quantity ot sea-«ervice rendered by each officer m
the navy. He had received many Oiber letters
from mv?l officeis, all anonymous, and all ap-
proving his course He should, indeed, be glad
to see how much service had been performed by
each officer, and ho v many had spent their time
living at ease upon the shore.
There was another fact which justified this
proviso to the bill. There was no law to limit the
number of navy officers, whilst in the army not an
officer could be "died wi hcut authority of law.
Neither could a clerk be appointed in one of the
departments, unless th -re was a law for it. Yet,
in the navy, everything is left to the discretion of
the President and Senate.
Another fact was, tha1 the estimates for the navy
for the present year nearly doub e those of former
years. With this fact to justify them m inserting
the proviso, ihe Representa ives of tha people had
been denounced as wishing to break down the navy.
But l«t the clamor be as g'eat as it m ght, the
newspapers could not tnaiu'actnre public opinion.
The, had multiplied m this country until they hare
become almost a nuisance. He denied lhat they
we-e to be cons dered as the true exponents of
public sentiment
Again was not commerce suffic ently protected,
¿n 1 had it not been «o during the two Ja t admin-
stranons'i He had nevsr heard it denied, and yet
w th all these facts to justify it, the House had'
been denounced, and floods of eloquence poured
out which would have moved even stones and trees
in ancient times, because it interfered m cutting
down the estimates of the Sscretary of the Navy.
It had been said that it was the privilege of the
President and the Senate to appoint as many offi-
cers ?s they pleased, and the House was b^und to
approve, and furnish the supplies to pay them. Was
this Hou^e to become a body of mere au.omatons
to r gistrr the decrees of the oihei branches of Ihe
Government? H  hoped us members would not
permit thsir hign prerogatives to be trenched upon.
Í hadbeenspid tnat this proviso did ñateóme'
rom d'espors'bi  s0U ce—,hat it was n t recom-
mend ! b/ the Piestden', the S-cretary ot the
Nn,y, oi the S n«"e Pernaps it ivas objected to
because it d d not come before the Housa in the
potent form of a mandate fiom the Senate If «o
be declared war against such an invasion of the
[ rights of the popular branch.    Some, however
