CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
NAÍS—Messis Barrow, Bates, Bavard, Choate, Clayton
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Man
gum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps Porter, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—21
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that he should
delay the Senate bat a moment, to show that the
proviso of the Sena'or from Maine, as now word-
ed, would defeat his intention, as explained \ester
day, and the intention of his friends, as explained
to day They all now agreed that ilipy meant, bv
this proviso, to postpone or suspend th  payment
merely of the proceeds or the public lands during
the month of Julv, bat no' to si spend or dffeat the
right of the S ates to the proceeds accruing m
that month—intending that the S a es> should re
ceire ihese proceeds next January, when tbs next
semi-annual payment will arrive, provided that, in
the meantim , no new legislation occurs al ering
the distribution act This is what they all° e is
intended. But is that the grammatical and legal
operation of the words used in the new provisi i
So far from it, sir, the proviso suspends and post-
pones the "dtsfn&utton" itself—that is, the right to
the proceeds accruing in July—and does not say it
postpones merely the payment of the proceed*
That I am right in this is manifest, because the
word payment is not mentioned in the provi-o, but
only the word distribution, and, in the act, to di-
vide the proceeds of the lands, passed last Septem-
ber, the same word distnbuuon is the very term
used, and properly used, in the proviso here, to ex-
press the right to the proceeds, which is to b° sus
pended while the duti" are above twenty per cent
Thus the p,oceeds are to be divided in a cerliin la
tro among ihe States in one section ot the bill, and
which division is the distribution, vhereas the pay-
ment of these proceeds semi annually is provide t
lor in a separate section, and is not the distribution
tself, but merely the payment oí it.
So that the Senator's new proviso, in truth, sus
pends not the payment only during July, but sus-
pends and defeats the right itself of the States to
the proceeds accruing in that month Hence he
would vote for it, except thit it is úseles —since
the bill without it, and with the old proviso coining
from the House struck out, would efiect the same
result.
In order to avoid th s question entirely, so em-
barrassing—and to shun the whole difficulty about
violating the spirit of the distribution ac'—he
would propose an amendment to come in at.ei the
clause extending the operation of the existing laws
a month lunger
It would 'et those lav?s be extended so as to
avoid the apprehensions a id troubles of those
thinking no duties now over 20 per rent cou'd,
by the present laws, be co'lrcied after th' lsf of
July, but, at the «ame time, it would red' ce the
present duties after that ctate to twenty per cent
This would enable us !o accomplish the great real
object professed in the bil1—to go on sa'tiy afer
the 1st of July in collecting reven ie, and, at li e
same moment, by reducing the du íes to 20 per
cent donng that month, would avoid any diifieu'iy
as to the distribution bi'l
His amendment was in the^e word In«ertn the
9th line of the bill, after the woidj "30th June,
1842," the words " o du'y sha'l be ?s rssed at a
higher rate than will be equivalent to 20 per cent "
The question <sas pat en the amenÜTient, and
it was disagreed to.
Mr TAPPAN moved an amendment, which,
after a few remarks from Mr. WRIGHT, sbo ting
that it could not tffec' the object intended, was
withdrawn
The amendment  to the bill w ere then ordered
to be engrossed; wnich, having been done, the bill
was read the third time, and,
The question now being, "Snail the bill pass?"
Mr WALKER demanded th' neas and najs
which were ordered, ard the but wa3 read, as fo'
lows:
AN ACT to extend foi al mu d period the present law for lay
ing and collecting duties on importa
Be it enacted by the Senate rnd House of Repres'utotn es
of the United StatPS ofAmei wain Congrei<sm<spmbled ri at
all laws in actual operation on ttie first of Jui e, eighteen h in
dred and forty two regulating an 1 fixing the amount aid rate
of duties to be levied and collecte ton goods wares, ind mer
chandise imported into the United ¡states and pi escribing the
mode of collecting the same, and all prov lston  relating tlieieto,
shall continue and be in lorce as they existed on that day until
the first day of August, eighteen hundred and forty two, at
which nme, if there be no farther legislation on the subject, the
laws for laying and collecting duties hall be the same as though
this act had not been passed, anything in the act entitled ' An
act to modify in act of the foul teenth day of July one thousand
eight hundred and thiity two, and all other icls. imposing duties
on imports ' appioved Mirch second eighteen hundied and
thirty thiee, to the contraiy m anywise notwithstanding Pro
vided, That the distubution of the proceetsol the public Ian Is,
amhonzod and duecled by the act of Congres  passed the 4th
of Septembei,1841 entitled "An act to appiopii ue the proceeds
of the sales of ihe public lands and to g ant ptc etnpuon
rights n shall be and the «ame is hereby suspended and post
poned until the 1st day of August ]&!2, and the said actof the
4th September 1841 shall oe no otherwise oi furthei affected or
mo fied than merely to postpone to the said 1st day of August
next the distribution of the said pt creeds directed by that act
to be made on ihe 1st day f July 1842, anything contained m
thisac, or the ^ail art ol the 4lli of Set.len.ibei, 1841, to the
contrary, notwithstanding
The bill was passed by the following vote*
YEAS—Messis Archer Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
C'ayton, Com ad Crafts, Crittenden Evans, Graham Hender
son, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morehead Phelps,
Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, While, and
Woodbndge—24
NAYs-Messrs Allen, Benton Berrien, Buchanan, Cuth
bert, r/ulton, Kins', Linn, McRoberts, Preston Kives, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbu
ry, Wright, and Young—19
Mr PPESTON gave no'iee that he would, on
to-morrow, ask the Senate 'o considei the bill for
the re-orgamzation of the army.
Tne Sentte then adjourned.
HOUSF" OP REPRESENTATIVES
Friday, June 24, 1842
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana offered a resolu-
tion, wh oh was adcp'ed, ctlhng unoti t> e Secre-
tary of War foi the report tf the ge logical survey
of the Territories of "VWcmsin and Iowa
Mr TOLAND, íro \ the Committee on Com-
merce reported a bill for the relief of Benjimm
Hebar- real twice, referred to the Committee of
th  Whole Hou°e, and made the special order tor
to-morrow
On motion of Mr PENDLETON, ti e comma
nica ion fr< m t ie Secretary < f th" Nivy m iclat on
to a Unt steamer on tn~ V/tstern waters, was taken
up and referred
M' CASEY, from the Commi tee on Public
Land , r ported a bi 1 granting the right of pie-
empt,on to se th rs in \v i cmsin and Iowa, alsc, a
bill for the re irf of certain se ilers in Wi't msm
and Io.'a- read twic3, referred to the Committes
of the Whole Hou^o, and made the special order
for to morrow
Mr TILL'NGHAST presented ih.2 memorial of
the Mechanics' Associatit n of Providente, m favor
of a prottc iv e t?nff
Mr f ILLMORE called  for tne  older  of the
day dunug the mornng houi.
VIRGIN! \ MILITARY  BOUNTY LANDS
The   House  resumed ire consideration  of the
fo lowing resolnt on, oiTere 1 some dsys smci
'Rescued Ilia a select commiltee be a| pointul lo inquire
into the aniourt an 1 huactei of ihe expenditures which have
been made bv the Government in satisfaction of bounty lai d
claims allowed b> the a ate 01 Viigmia what amount of like
claims are J II ou slanting whtthei any I l her le¿islUion of
Corgress is uece saiy to «trim the tre i uty against he [ ty
mem of mipionei ot unfounled cl tiros nf tl at le«cii| lion [to
which «as al el on the ni tion f Ml VjiiiamO Goide]
oi to satisfy ou st-rnui grlnms which ue just .. i 1 well Jud
ul ant tint said con mmee hare leave t> i^ort by bill or
otherwise
Mr W. O GOODE, * ,o «as en Hied to the
flooi, addre -ed the H use i>i f? or of the amend-
ment wn.ch he had oCered. Het sciaimed having
anv interest in ¡he matter bevond t' ft of any other
memoir. Allhedesned ¿as to see tne horor and
i faith of me na ion p'e erved His colleague had
clearly deunr trtted tbst this was not a Virginia
claim. Tha* State had no interest m it, beyond
that of a mere tiusiee. The parties to be benefited
were most v to be foand among the intrepid <.e'-
tlers of the Western States He regretted the con-
nexion cf Vi-„inia wi h the subject, and believed
that that fact had prejudiced the claim m trie minds
of many member- He wrhed it ceuld be decided
v ith ut meat omng the S ate of Virginia, for here
eeved to b  an e recial proclivity in the minds of
rr,?r.y genilen en to sneer at and deride every thirg
which was conree ed with ih t old Commonwealth.
The time was v hen tb s wa< not the case, and
when the reco'Vction of what Virginia had done
for the Union in its day of pen!, was fiesh «pon
the hearts of all.
After expressing his regret that he had to 'peak
so much ot his own State, ind might thereby subject
mmself to the charge of vanity as her Representa-
tive, Mr. G -paid an eloquent tribute to the char-
acter and glory of his native S ate, and entered
into a htstory of the exertions, which she made in
bebrlf of the country during the busy scenes of
the Revolution. He examined the nature of the
claim, and replied to the remarks of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr Hall] and particularly his
assertion that the committee of thr House of Dele-
gates of Virgtnn had been gudty of falsehood in
their report u ion the «subject
Mr J. COOPER obtained toe flow, a^d moved
the previous question
Mr. HALL desired to reply to the preceding
«peakeis, who had commented on the remarks
which he had made at the commencement of the
discussion on his subject
Mr. GOODE entreated the gentleman from Pern-
sjlvania to withdraw the motion for the previous
question, but if he could not consent to do so, he
invoked the House net to do the gentleman from
Vermont the injustice of cutting him off (rem a
reply.
Mr COOPER withdrew the motion.
Mr. jtlALL then offered an amendment-
He said he desired to offer some remarks on this
amendment, but the morning hour was nearly ex-
pired    He, however, would proceed, if the House
would con cnt to dispose of this subject to-day.
Mr FILLMORE said he was willing that the
subject should be deposed of, but he desired that
the House should determine, and therefore he
moved that the Hou'e resolve itself in'o Committee
oí the Whole on the  ta'e of the Union
Mr. COWEN pleaded in behalf of the private
calendar, and the House did not agree to go into
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER begged to stale that there were
from 30 to 40 bills before him on the pr.vatt cal-
e <dar, w hith were ready to be put upon th'ir pas-
sage, if there was no objection. [Cues of "Agreed,
agreed "]
The House then took up and pissed the follow-
ing bills:
A bill for the relief of John Underwood.
A bill to amend and explain ihe arts passed on
the 4th July, 18JG, and on the 7 h July, 1838, al-
lowing pensions to the widows of deceased officers
and soldiers of the Revolution.
A hill for the relief of John Johnson
A b 11 for the relief of Eugene Bosel
A bill to confirm the widow and heirs of Eman-
vcl Trickle in their c'aira to a tract of land
A bul for the relief of Thomas W Chinn.
A bill to confirm Anttnio Chenno in his claim,
to a tuct of land in the S ate of Louisiana
A b 11 for the relief of John Ke th of New York.
A o II for th> r-liet of Georce "'orris.
A b 1 for i!   reli f cf G>or e Siitherland,
A hi'l ¡o. the reiief of PhiPis Tatton.
A hilt f r the r(\ el tf Preslev Gray.
A b 11 for the re íef of Samuel Hutchinson
A bill grani'n; a pension to Catharine Allen,
w.dow of Henry Allen
A bi 1 for the lehef of Margaret McMuity,
widow of Jihrt McMurtj, deceased
A bill for the relief of Catharine Wi^cn, widow
of James Wi'son, di*oea«ed
A bill lor the relief of Hannah Waldo, widow
of the late Captain Samuel Thompson, deceaa- '
A bill for the relief of Hannah Carrier
A bill for the relief of Nathan Baldwin, cf New
York
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Gibbs
A bill ^or the relief of Chri.tma Lowe.
A bi'l for the relief of Mary Rand
A bill for the re íef of the heirs and legal rep^e-
sen.atives of diver Parish, deceased
A bill for the relief of Elisba Davis
A bill for the rdi"f of Amv Van Wart.
A b.ll for the relief of Sally Day
A bill for the relief of Catharine W Callendar.
A bill for the relief of Sally McC'aw
A bill for the relief ot Marv Pike
A bill for the relief of t* e legal representatives
oí Colonel John H. Stone,
