682
serve until they were twenty-one, and then they
were loo old 10 enter as midshipmen.
Mr WISE said this apprenticeship system was
the peculiar system of General Jackson; and it
was one of the best systems ever devised.
Mr. BROWN continued. He knew not whose
system it was; bar, be it whose it might, he should
exercise his own judgment in regard to it, and not
yield up bis jadgment to any man living. But the
gentleman from Virginia, wüen driven by facts
from the position which he cngmally took, came
forward manfully and defended the system, he
(Mr. B.) then would furnish him with other facts.
He then stated tnat he had failed in an application
to get a boy released from his indentures, who had
writien to hi* parents that the duty was too severe
for him, and that, if he was not released, hp should
run away. Such a system was but a step from
that of impressment. On this sub]eci he spoke un-
til the falling of the Chairman'  mace announced
that tus alio ted time had expired.
Mr. GORDON remaiked that it was not his for-
tune 10 be here when this bill passed the House
and was sent to the Señale. He was uncommitted
to any oí Us provisions, either as it pas ed the
House or the Senate, and he would, iherefore, say
at the out ei, that, whatever might be his particular
views in regard to one or two poims embraced m
it, he was no enemy to the nav)—the right arm
of our national defence.
It had been a subject of complaint here—and
very properly so—that the appropriations asked
for by the Navy Departmen recommended to
Congress a vast increase of expenditures frfr that
branch of ihe service over and above any appro-
priation that evei was made or asked for. It
therefore became important to inquire why it was
that the interests of the navy required at this lime
such enhanced ¡sppiopnations Now he wou d, in
the most bnet and comprehensive manner, point to
one or two causes why ihe Secretary of the Navy
was now compdisd to call on Cong'ess for so
large a sum oí money, and ihe remiik.s which he
should make on this part of th« subject would ap-
ply to both the amendments
In the frst place, he w< u'd call ihe attention of
the committee to the number of midshipmen, passed
midshipmen, and lieutenants in ihe service, for the
purpose of showing the impulse that had tren
given to the sjstem, and whv it was that
these increased app-opnatio'is had been asked
for at their liando There were in service, as he
found by the Navy Register, 460 m dshipmen, and
103 parsed m dshipmen, and he had been given to
understand lhat there were 43 more about to be
appointed passed midshipmen, which would make
146of tint grade
Mr WISE said that the numbei of mid hipmen
was 459
Mr GORDON.   Well, that is within one of the
number I «taied    What was the pay of  these
officers'?   Why, a midshipman on seaservi*e  le-
ceived $400 per annum, on other duly $350, on
leave, $300, and wnen he became apa5sed midship-
man, he got $750 when on sea-service, and $600
when waiting orders     Now, a passed midshipman
was no  more   than  a  midshipman—all  that was
added t   him was ihe name of passe 1 midshipman
and hii mmasprf piv     Bui, hy making thee 146
midshipman pas<ed  midshipmen, ihe   department
added $50,000 e¡ ch year 'o ti e expense* of the
navy    They were leqmrcd   tobe  in service fi<e
years before being pa sed, and when that was d' ne,
ihey received a certifícale, showing that thev were
entitled to be promoted lo lieutenancies in the first
vacancies oecurr ne, without further trouble  or
examination    Why was this sr?   This rrgulation
wasrf no son of service either to ihein, or to &e
Government.   It did not benefit ihtm, because, as
they would b3 made lieutenants without any further
examination, they  wru'd   not hrve  a  sufficient
incentive to -ludy and perfect themselves in their
profession.   Thev would be merely waiting order',
wnh increased pay, debauchin" and  enervating
their m t>ris by idle and extravagant habits.   He
understood lhat there was no law authonzit g this
species of promotion    True, there had been  ap-
propriations to give them the increased pay, but
ths aetten of the Navy Department creating the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
grade of passed midshipman, had been prior to any
appropriation The law allowed the pay, but
the authority to make the appointments, was as-
sumed by the department, it might be said that
these passed midihipmen occasionally performed
the duties of the lieutenants; but when they did so,
they received the pay of lieutenant—not the pay
of passed midshipmen, $750 a year—but the pay of
hentenan s, $1,800 a year, and therefore there was
no saving to the Government in it But was there
any necessity for it? He thought not. Toere were
now in service 328 lieuteiian's, 64 of whom were
waiting orders, and how many of them were on
shore, doing mere nominal duty, he would leave to
more experienced persons to say. There was,
therefore, no necessity for passed midshipmen's
performing the duty of lieutenants; and if 'bee
was, mere would be no economy in it, for they
would, in such case, receive the pay of lieutenants.
When, however, ihej were promoted to 1 eutenan-
cies, they received the pay of $1,800 a year, and it
must be remembered that 99 of them were promoted
within the jeai 1841 How much did this ad I to
the expenses of the navy' Why, by the promo
tionof this batch of midshipmen, the expenditures
for the navy were increased $103,950 in a single
yerr Now, (ad Mr G ) only single out the
cases of passed midshipmen and lieutenants, and
you will «ee tworf the instances of the extrava-
gance of the present Secretary of ihe Navy, and
why it was he was compelled to call on Congress
foi so large an increase of appropriations. What,
he would ask, had given rise to the«ie rapid
and extraordinary promotions? Why, the Pres-
ident of ihe United States, who was, m tone re-
spects, the most fortunate man in ihe world, was,
in others, the most unfortunate He was nnfor
túnate in coming into office, to find a cabinpt with
whom he could not agree, and the consequerce
was their brealun > up, and he was also unfortunate
in some of his own selections, but part cularlv so
in his selection of a Secretary of the Navy. This
gentleman, on com   v into office, íecommended that
we shoikl have a navy half ihe size of that of
England, amounting to 565 vessels of war equipped,
manned, roaming the ovan, plundeung ihe petiy
kingdoms lhat surrounded her, carrying her «rms
to Indn, and forcing China to take her opium.
We were recommend d to keep up a naval estab-
lishment hall as great as lhat of this txtravagant,
al -grasping powe , and, to assimtla e as nearly as
possible to her, it w as proposed that we should
crea e admirals, after creating 100 captains, and
adding 99 to Ihe list of lieutenants. Now this ex
travagant impulse th?t has been given to the navy
must be cheeke I, or its íritndí Will one day s e
that right arm of our defence pa'aljzed. Depend
up n it, the people of this country never will per-
mit such a number of useless offirers to be paid for
living in id eness tat of hj pub'ic purs°. Though
they would cheerful y bear an} burdens nece sary
for the protix, ion of our commeice, yet, when it
came to fhi* enlarged policy of our Seen tary of ihe
Navy, they w> u d put i \e s ai of conderaration on
it The question now was, wbeih r these addi-
tional appropna ions, called for by the Sena e,
wer  neces ary Oí th s subject he must say that,
in his opinion, they were caused by the rapid pro-
motions wh ch had been made by this extravagant
Secretary, And were oiled for io keep p¡>ce < ith
ihe magnificent policy hp recommenced He did
not wi b, in whit he had sai 1, to be understood as
m mic.il to tne P'csjdeit. Oi the contrary, as a
friend, h1 would pdvisehiiu to get rid, as soon as
possible, of his Secretary of the Navy, and, with
him, ot the extra/agant policy he recimmended,
by selecting from somewhere else th?n wnhm the
borders of Virg nía «orne practical business-man,
who would conduct the affairs of the navy with
more prudence, and more to the advantage of that
branci of tre service
Now, tnere was 'n th r thing in ¡h s new-
fangled policy of the Secretary, tj which he ob
j^cted, and thst was, the apprentice sy-tem fje
denied that ih  lelation between the Government
and Ihe boys who enlisted in ihe navy «as that of
master and apprentice He looked at the Iw au-
thor zing the enlistment of bojs, and be found no
such relation there authorized.   The argument of
the gpntleman from Virginia was, tberefore, very
fallacious, when he said that these boys stood in
the relation of apprentices.
Mr. WISE read the title of the act, and the first
section.
Mr GORDON The gentleman refers to the
title of the bill. Does he suppose that I am so
much of a green-born as not to know that the ti-
tle of a bill is not a part ot it? Mr G supposed
that the Secretary oí the Navy must have looked
at the title of the bill—
Mr. WISE The gentleman has not stated the
first section of the bill
Mr GORDON ihen read the first section of the
bill, which, in sabstance, provides that it shall be
lawful to enlist boys m ihe nava! service wnh the
consent of their parents or guardians, to serve until
they are twenty-one ypars of age, not being onder
13 years of age, nor ovi r 18, and it further pro-
vides that it shall be lawful to enlist other persons
for five years
Now this (Mr G said) did not make these boys
apprentices They were enlisted in ihe public ser-
vice, and the only difference between Ihem and the
oiher persons mentioned in the bill wa% that they
enlis'ed till twenty one years of age, while the
others enlisted for five years Were not all boys
born with equal right-, and, bv enli«tiig with the
consent of their parents or guardians, did they
lose any of these rights? The doctrine of the gen-
tleman ftom Virginia cuts tbetn off from ail right
of promotion, which they have in common with
other boys of the country, and I deny (said Mr.
G ) 'hat they have, by enlisting, lost any of their
political rignts, or those rights proclaimed m the
Declaration of Independence. After some further
remarks on this branch of the subject, Mr G said
he proposed to pu* a stop to these increased expen
altares by íejerting the amendment of the Senate,
as he conceived that the appropriations passed by
the House were all sufficient
In the course of h - remarks, Mr Q refeired to
tl e case of Ct pta n Levy, who, he slid, influenced
by a spirit of humanity, substituted the mild pun-
ishment of a smi'l q lantity of tar ard feathers, on
a boy who had conimit'ed some misdemeanor, (he
believed, disrespect of an officer,) inMead of the
cat-o'-nme-tads. For this offence, Ihe Captain
was cssh'-red, but the President, disapproving the
s ntence as too seve-e, commuted it for a suspen-
sion for ene year Other captains would have tied
this boy up to the gratings,, and his back would
have been lacerated by that horrid instrument of
torture, the cat, and, had Cap'am Levy adminis-
tered till  pun shment, no'hing would have been
said about it but, in ihi- case, his hurnam y was
looked upon as a crimp It must further be no-
t ced, that charges were brougnt against Captain
L°vy, some two or three years ago, for this same
affair, and laid before a former g-cretary of the
Navy, but he dismis ed them, as mahcirus and
ground ess Itscemedtbat.afterthepresentSecretary
ca neirto offii e, an officer who had formerly been re-
ported for mi-corJoct by the captain, and punished
by a court-martial, instigated by feelipjs of malice
and revenge, deg up and renewed this old charge,
which had been dismissed by a former Secretary;
and ihe p'esent Secretary, who, h hs zeal for
ími aur.g tne British navy, doubtless wanted to es-
tabl.sb, also, the severity of their discipline, with
their ílogámes and other cruel punishments
¡nought tnat Captain Levy deserved acouri-tnarual
for having departed ir< m the salutary discipline of
the cat and colt, so freely resorted to by many of
his compeers The result he had just stated, and
was well known to the House. In conclusion, Mr.
G said he held that the President of the Uned
Slates cc uld not get along with the nav>, unless he
departed from ihe new-fangled policy lhat had
been intrcji.ced by his present iSecreiary. While
Ih  present tyste-n continu d, 'he elcqietst sreech
they tW heard the ottier day firm the gentleman
from Pe  i) ylranid, [\Tr Charlfs J Im,frsoll ]
and ailth- e'rq^ent ^leeches thai bad been or
would be m?de, would be m vain.                   '
Mr WlSfe. then obteined ihe floor, and moved
that the comi-riMee rise, which «as agreed lo.
Mr RAYNER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bills; which were)
