CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           685
proposition to strike out the second section. They
had heard of gentleman-farmermers, or horseback
farmers, as they were called ; but no such farmer
was ever known to be a good farmer, or acquaint-
ed with his business ; and if it were necessary that
a farmer should understand hi  business, or that a
manufacturer should be acquainted with the partic-
ular class of manufacture m which he may be en-
gaged, it was equally necessary that the superin-
tendent of armories should be a practical mechan-
ic, and understand the consti action of arm1!, not
meiely the use of arms Without this praciieal
acquaintance with the particular description of
work m which a man may be engaged, the result
invariably was, that he squandered his capital
Young men, who were educated at West Point,
were doubtless all of them honorable and valuable
men; bHt ire b lie ved there was something more
required, and something which, from the nature of
their education they were destitute of. He was
inclined to concur with the Senator from Mas«a
chusetts, that military men, of all others in the
world, were least fitted or qualified to conduct this
business
Mr. ALLEN had heard no sufficient reason ad-
vanced to sati fy him of the necessity for making
any change in this particular branch of tfce public
service If it were a mere question, however —
if there had been no experience on the subject, he
would be inclined to put the (¡ireciion of ihe
matter under the supenn endence of citizens,
rather than military men—and for very good rea
sons. In the fust place, he held ittob* a matter
not tobe'overlooked, thatthe accommodation, com-
fort, and happiness of ihe peor laborer —ihe men
who had to bear the toil ought not be—li íega ded
The discip me of the army ñas essentially and c-b-
solutely despotic, and utterly inconsistent wnh
freedom in a state of peiee, and it was on this ac
count that so much discontent hid been experienced,
and so many complaints made against t"e superin-
tendence of military efficers over the construction
of the public hightways.
The armories were great workshops; and you
might as well appoint an officer to superintend a
mil], because flour and meal aie necessary U the
subsistence of the army, as to appoint him to su-
perintend the manufacture of arm , merely be-
cause he is instructed in the use of arms.
Mr. RIVES observed that he had intended to
say a word or two upon this sulj c , but it had
been so fully discussed, that he wou'd jetrain from
adding more than to express the hope that the
propos Hon would prevail, because he 'as tho-
roughly convinced that the appointment of a mill
tary officer to a chargs of that kind would be
found wholly inapplicable and inappropriate
Wherever such an experiment had been tried, u
had been found to produce disastrous conse-
quences
Mr. BATES called for the yta  and rays on his
motion to strike out tl e vond section, ?mt substi-
tu'e the modificatio i offered by Mr. Youno, wh ch
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resumed in tie
affirmative—yeas 23, nays 14, as follows
YE \S—Messrs Allen, Bates Buchanan Choite, Clay
ton, Crafts, Fulton K'ng, Mangum, Millei PheIn  P iiitr,
Kivee, Simmons Smith of Connecticut Smith of Indiana
Sprague, Tallmadge, Tappan, White, Woodbrldge, Wright
and Young—23
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Benton Berrien Conrad Cmten
den, fcvans Graham, Huntington Linn, McRobens M^ienxad,
Preston, Walker  and Wilcox—!4
Mr BUCHANAN m >vtd to s rike out trie third
section, and he hoped ihe chai man ot the Military
Committee would consent to ts being Vri'ck out
without rendering it nscessary that h<* shou d daain
the Senate «i h any remarks.
Mr. PRESTON said he could not conse d to the
propositi m
Mr. BUCHANAN conemved that eve y argu-
ment employed in the o her case wa= app'icab1" to
this. The present ?rran erient save b-ead to a
very large number of wtmei in Philade nhia, ant'
great interest was felt m that ci y thit the offi"e of
Commis«ary General should be continued.
Mr. PRESTON observed that as th s office at
present exrsts, it was a mere reward for political
service*. The duties of the office can be just as
weil performed by the Quartermaster'a department,
without any additional expense It is altogether
useless, and somewhat expensive It was true,
there was some interest felt in Philadelphia There
was a system of industry introduced there by Gen-
eral Irvm. But he understood the prices were 95
per cent, higher than ihey need be. He entered
into some details to show that the work would be
better done, and cheaper, th?n it is at present under
the Cimmissary Geneial For those reasons, the
commit'ee had recommended the abolition of this
office
Mr BUCHANAN insisted that, instead of the
work cob mg 25 per cent more, dirpctly the con-
trary wa¿ ihe fact And if the chairman of ihe
Military Committee made that a ground of argu-
ment, he (Mr B ) should asrt an adjournment, that
he might have time to prove the fact.
Mr PRESTON I take back the assertion, sir,
sooner than adjourn before we dispose of the bill.
Mr BUCHANAN proceeded at considerable
length to prove that the work was not only better
done, but cheaper, by these women at Philadel-
phia, than it could be in any other wav. He was
anxious for the passage of the bill He regretted
that extraneous ma'teis had beca introduced into
the bill. He hoped 'he same measure ot justice
wouia be meted out to Philadelphia as to Spring-
field and Harper's Feny.
Mr PRESTON explained the circumstances
und r which the Military Committee had consider-
ed it rece saiy to introJi.ee these clauses into the
bill. He had m his hand a let er from a manufac-
turer, offenrg to take a coniract blindfold, at a r*
durtion of 25 per cent   on tin Philadelphia price's.
Mr ARCHER sub-tutted to the Senator from
Pumsjlvama the f<ct thit the oases veienot tna'-
o'ou1-. Ihese lidies did not p«sr*mble top-ether and
complain to Conaress that they were subjtc ed to
«irict military discipline in the mailing of the cio
thing upon aruch they «ere employed There could
be no anabgy in the two rases All knew tnat
the proper and the only purpose of this Commissary
Gtneral's office was, to have i> as the receptacle
of political patronage
Mr BUCHANAN replied to the observations
of the chairman of the Military Committee and
the Senator from Virginia. The proposition wa«,
to concentrate all the power m the bureaus at
Washington Tne object was one of centraliza
tion If the office of Commi sary General was
abolished, the bu mess would not be continued in
Philadelphia for one year. They would break up
Lie whole sys em which has been pursued there,
and give the ontracts wholesale, and to some man
who would bid for it blindfold—as had been remark-
ed by the chairman of Military Affairs, [Mr Pres-
ton,]—who would consent to furnish the clothing
at 20 per cent less than it was now purchased,
and who, to s*ve himself, wou'd cheat the Govern-
ment in the quality. He then called for the yeas
and nays on this question, which were ordered
Mr CONRAD asked how the v.omen engaged
in making the clothing are to be either benefited or
njarrd ty *he office ot Com niss¡>ry Geneial being
abjlisbed? Ittnese «om n ctn inue to perform the
wo^k bet e- and cheiper at Ph la1él"hi* han else
w ere, will n< t th" GIut erTMer General Rive
it to npm uprefiience to any more expensive cotn-
r etilors'
Mr. BUCHANAN was always unfortunate, m
rais ng up hvdris aaamst him It appeared mw
that there was- Another Richmond m ihe field Tne
ob]ect appeared to him to be to create ceniial za-
lion here unVr th" army It wou'd not be a year
t ,1 the mist g of this clo'hing vas brought here
from Pn ladelnh a, even if it ui to cost 23 per
cení  to e
Mr PRESTON lep'ted, rxunoiatipg the Mil
U 5 Couiiiittee lro<n aoj suth views as seeiied to
be 'rain írd
Mr WALKED « i vcitrd lemo'oncf th- S n-
s r iro , Pen -.ylvif a H  b< pad, if it w \-> re
cesaary 'o disconttri.e thi tffice, «ime more sj ta
b e t me would oe taken lor no rg n, ind not «hen
the effect would be to thro v out of errploj ment
such a large number of h'lpless women m tn  civ
of Pmlidelphia, whose sufferings, no doubt, were
sufheiently great, under the pressure of the times
He appealed to tne Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Preston] not to commence his refrenchment
at this po.nt, where it would operate so oppressive-
ly on helpless females.
Mr PRESTON briefly replied, stating that the
circumstances ot the Government demanded re-
trenchment of useless offices.
The question was then taken on Mr Buchanan's
motion to strike out the third section, and resulted
in the negative—yeas 12, nays 17
Mr BUCHANAN moved an adjournment,
which was negatived
Mr BENTON observed that it was not the in-
tention of the committee to impair the operations
of the department in Philadelphia II any one
had offeied to do the work 20 per cent less than it
is done for there, it must be in view of cheating the
soldiers.
Mr. BUCHANAN considered that unless the
cuy of Philadelphia was designated in the bill, the
work would be taken away, and on his motion,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 25, 1842.
Mr. ADAMS rose to a correction of the journal,
which was made Mr A. then moved that ijie
House resolve itself into Committee of the Who e,
for the purpose of taking up the bill providing 11-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800
Mr. COOPER of Georgia rose to a conection )f
the journal He firbt wished a corredm of that /
part wherein the chairman of the O mmitlee at/
the Whole made his first report alter the rising of
th° committee for want of a quoiu n. He would
s a'e the fncts as he understood th m, and then ask
tor the reading of that part ot the journal he wish-
ed o correct When the committee first rose for
want of a quo'jm, the chairman reported that he
was instiucted to repoit certain bills wh ch had
been acted on in committee The gentleman from
Massachusetts then rose to a point of order, and
denied the authority of th  chairman to report bills
when there was no quorum Tnat point was sus-
tained by the Chair, when the chairman [ Mr J. C.
Clahk] acknowledged that he had reported incor-
rectly, and, withdrawing ih.it report, made an-
other, stating that the committee rose for want of
a quorum. These were the facts, as he understood
them, and he wished them to be so stated on the
journal.
Tne SPEAKER said that the fiist report was
not received, the ebjeeuon having been made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and sustained
by the Chair
Mr. COOPER asked if it was not propei that
the point of order raí ed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and the decision of the Chair should
go on Ihe journal.
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard by the
reporter, but was under tood to be m the nega-
tive.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia would then ask the
indulgence of the House to say a few words in re-
la nil t > toe report of the cnairman of the Commit-
t cot th> Whole, when the et mmittee rose ihe
s cend timt, wh ch report he also v ished to have
r >rrtcicd o?ether Wih th  unfau statement of
wna' tecurrtd which h =a v reponed m the Na-
tional Intelligencer of this morning
Mi JOHN C CLARK objected to the gentle-
man's d scus-ing this subject If he had any mo-
tion to make ioi th' correction of the journal, let
him st? e wh i  it was  or i educe it to wrinns;
Th' SPEAKER said th?t the gentleman wished
ts make a personal exp an?iion
rir COOPER of G oigia proceeded. The re-
port ir heNatirníl Intel'iiencer to \ Inch he had
referred, di4 hm mjustic1 in two particulars. In
the fi st p ac , it sought to convict him of a denial
of whdf the rc"tr i disti^cfy said «as true, and,
m the ^ef-ond p'ac , oí a participation in what he
c í'led a low     [Here several cries t f "Wba 's the
q„"t,nni' ^ "orderi °*c'l-r"] Mr G hoped
h" 'n In be p^rm i'ed to as t won' or wo in ex-
p anation, tor the rea«on that, dunn  all the pro-
ceedings of jesterday, whenever the Chair called
t< order, he took his .eai, and whi never he asked
permission tc address the commulee, by v. ay of
explaining his position, he did so in the most or-
