CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            687
é"-'-                                                                                                       ''                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             --------------------.—- ■                                                                         i      i                                                       —-—-*■—i
at a proper time have moved to have that cor-
rected.
Mr. BLACK wanted lo know when it would be
itt order to move to correct the report. If no ob-
jection were made, he would, by general consent,
move to correct it now. [Objections were made
by several, wuh repeated calls for the orders, of (he
Mr J. C CLARK made some remarks in
justification of his report, and in reply to Mr.
CocPEa In the course of his remarks, he remind-
ed the gentleman that when the motion was made
by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Everett]
that the committee rise, the gentleman from Mas
sachusetts moved o amend it, by adding, '-and that
the committee also stale the reason why it was not
able to take up any other bill;" which amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. M A COOPER. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts was directly put, and passed as an
amendment?
Mr. J. C. CLARK said no, he only understood
it so.
Mr. BLACK rose and moved to correct the
journal, by striking out ihat p<,rt m whic'i t'>e
chairman of the Committee of the Whole jrave the
reasons why the commi tee rose, on the ground that
the report was not ihe truib, ind because it was
Out of order to make any such report.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to lay Mr. Black's
motion on the table, which was earned without a
division
Acontesthere arose for t! e floor between Messrs.
Fillmore and Adams,—the .01 mer contending that
he had merely given way to the gent'e nan from
Georgia to enable Him io move an amendment ot
the journal; and the la'ter maintaining that he had
the floor from last Saturday, when hj intimated his
intention to move to go n.to the Comuvttee of the
Whole on 'he slate of th  Union on the bdl ft r the
relief of claimants under French *pol ahon* prior
to 1800.
Tne SPEAKER gave the floor to
Mr. ADAMS, who moved that the House go in-
to the Commitiee of ihe Whole on the state of the
Union on the bill above named.
The SPEAKER said a motion to go into com-
mittee upon a specific bill would require two-
thirds.
Mr. ADAMS th n moved ihat the Hou--e re-
solvj uself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the TJaion
At the suggestion ot Mr GWÍN, the question
on this, motion was postponed until several bills on
the tabl<", reported from the Committee of the
Whole House, could be dispose I of, and sundry
executive documents receive!.
The following bills were read a t! nd time, and
passed:
An act for the relief of the pnside'it and direct-
ors of the Agnculturpl Bink of Mis^iaSifp ,
An act 10 confirm Jaints Journey in hi  claim to
a ¡ract of laid; and
An act to confirm Elizabeth Buenos, Sit heirs
and assigns, ¡n ihoir claim 10 a tract of la>,d.
The SPEAKER laid before tbe H .use a com-
munication iron ihe Secretary o( the Tiea«i>ry, in
answer to a resoluoon of ihe House itdjpted on the
20th of August, 1841, calling upon .hat offic r for
a revision of the existing law-, in rela'ion to officers
of the customs, with a vi w to their rtd'ctm
The communication, with the draugh1 of a bi'l ac-
companying it, wa^ refetred, on mo ion ot Mr
FILLMORE, to the Commitiee on Commeice.
The SPEAKER also laid be'ore the House a
letter from the Secretary of th* Trea ury, m an-
sw«i to a re&ulu'ion of ihe house adopted en the
2J of S«pt°mber, 1841, calling uorn that r.iBce for
a s'atement of the debts of the several State-, and
Terr.tones.
On motion rf Mr ADAMS, the com-nun-ii'ion
was laid on the 'able, and ordered to be p inted
The question now ricuinuj; on Mr Adams's mo-
tion to go tato Cmmit'te <1 me Wtole on the
state of the Union—
Mr FILLMORE said he desired lo s.ti?g«st to
the House the necessity ot immediate action upon
the amendment of the Ssnate to the provisional
tat iff bill. Unless the bill was passed immediately,
11s provisions could not be communicated to the
distant ports of the Union. He hoped the House
would consent to take up the bill and amendment.
Mr. PROFFIT sail he would inform the gentle-
man that a circular had already been issued to the
officers of the customs, which would obviate every
objpc'ion, and meet the contingency resulting from
the failure to pass a tariff bill
Mr. ADAMS said he must insist on his motion.
The question having been put, only 17 members
voied m the affirmative.
THE LITTLE TARIFF BILL.
Mr FILLMORE called for ihe reading of the
Senate's amendment to ihe bill entitled "An act to
extend for a limited period the present law for
laying and collecting duties on imports."
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired whether the
business in older was not the resolution submitted
and under consideration yesterday evening?
Mr. ADAMS said he insisted on the question
being taken on his resolution submited yesterday,
and which would then have been adopted by a
large majority had a quorum been present.
The SPEAKER replied that it was the business
of ihe day, and the amendments of the Senate to
the tariff bill—the reading of which had been call-
ed for by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fillmore] —could not now be considered except by
general cons nt.
Mr. WISE mquir«d when the tariff bill could be
taken up
Mr HALL claimed 'he floor on th  unfinished
business ot the morning hour of yesterday—the re-
solution in relation to Virginia bounty l<uids\
Mr. FILLMORE wuhed to know what was
up; and
The SPEAKER h.,vmg replied that, af.er the
expiration of the morning hour, ihe reuolu'ion of-
fered by the gentleman /rum Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] would be before the House—
Mr F moved a suspension of the rules, for the
purpose ot taking up the Senate's amendments to
Ihe tanlfbill.
Mr. ANDREWS called foi the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The motion to suspend the mies was rejected—
yeas 127, nays 66, (not two-thirds,) as follows:
YEAS—Messis Allen, Land iff W Andrews, Sherlock J
Andrews, Aupleton, Arnold, Baker, Baniud, Ballon, Beeson,
Bidlaek, liudseye, Blair, Jloardman, Borden Botts, Boyd,
Bnggs, Brockway Biunson, Mil on Brown, Btiinell William
Builei, William O Btuler, William B Campbell, Ihnmas J
Campbell, Cuuthers, Casey, Cluids, Cnittendt n, John C Clark,
te~ N Clarke, lasCoopei, Cowen, Cranston, Daniel, G Davis,
KlchaiiKv Davis, Debeiry, Everett, Fern-, Fesserden. Till
me-re, romance, A Lawience Fostei, Gentry, Giddings, Gog
gin, Patrick O Goode, Gialiam, Gnngei, Giecn, Hall, llalsted,
Hays, Huwaid Hu Ison, Hunt, Challes J lngersoll, Joseph
K Ingeisoll, James Irvin, Wm W Itwin, Jack, James, Keim,
iolm P Kennedy, King, Cane, Bum, Robert MeClellan, Me
Kennan Mirchand, Sam^ >n Mison, Mattocks, Maxwell, May
nard, Meriwether, Mitchell, Mooie, Moms, Morrow, New-
hard, Osbonie üw lty, Parmentei, Patudge, Pendleton, Pick
ens, Piurner, Pope, Proffit, Ramsey, Beij itnm Randall, Ran
dolph Readier, Ridgvvay Roosevelt, Willi im Russell, James
M Russell, Sallonslail, teim mton, SSfade, Spugg, htanly, Stoke
ly, sttalton, Alexander ÍI II Muatt, John 1 Stuait, Sum
mers, lahaleiro John II Thompson, Rtchaid W Thompson,
Tillinghast, Inland, Tomnnson, Tuple 1, Tiumbull IJndei
wood, van Retisaelaei, Wallace, Wairen, Washington Edward
D White, lam^s VV Williams, Cla s ophor II Williams,
Yotke, Augustus Young, and John "Wui 3—127
NaYS— Messis Adams, Amnion iilatk Buwne Bicw-ter,
Aaion V Blown, Charles Blown Burke PltuckC Caldwell,
Í aiy, Chapman, riifford, Clinton, Coles, Milk A Coopei,
Cravens, Cross, Dean, Doig, Eastnim, Í >hr, EdwanK, Eg
belt, John C Moyd, Charles A Fbyd, Thomas F Foster,
William O Goode, Gordon, Gvvm, Ilarus, Holmes, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston, Htmtct, Cave Johnson, lorn W Jones,
L wis, Littleheld, Ahianam McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mai
lo.y, Alfred vlatshal! John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Medill,
Payne, Read, Reims, Reynold^, R ggs, P.ogeis, Sanford,
fttiaw, rhiel i-, William Smith, S lydei, Steeaiod, Svieney,
luHiey, Van Btuen, Ward, Wattersou, loseph L White, Wise,
and Wood—Gb
Mr. FILLMORE then called for the orders of
the mor ins  hoar.
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LANDS.
Tn" Hoe°e rehuir 'J iheco"¡>ide'ation of the fol-
lowing resolution, offered ao-ie da)s since :
JRe^olird, 'flit "i select coi urn tfs oe aopmnted to inquire
into the a nountand chai ctei ( tin. expendittites which have
been made by the Government, m e^'ls action of b ni ty
laud claims allowed by the s, a'e 01 \ lrgima, what amount of
like claims aie s id outstanding, whether any lurthei legisla
tion of Congiess is 1 ece^saiy to secure the treasury asamst the
payment oi improper or unfounded claims of that descnption,
[to which wasa Ided, on the motion 01 Mi W O Goode,] oi to
satisfy outstanding claims, which arejust and well founded, and
that said committee have leave to report by bill 01 otheiwise.
Mr. HALL, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House, during his hour, in opposition to
the resolution, and in reply to Messrs. Gcaam,
Gilmer, and Goods of Virginia.
He obiained the floor by virtue of an agreement
with Mr. J. Cooper, who had moved the previous
question, to renew it when he had finished, it Mr.
Cot per would withdraw that motion, to give him
the opportunity to speak, but, at the close of bis
speech, a question arose whether hi< hour had not
expired before he made the motion; and other gen-
tlemen, in consequence, claimed the floor.
Mr. WISE desired permission to say a few
words in defence of his colleague [Mr Gilmek]
against certain imputations which the gentleman
from Vtrmont had made on his character and rep-
utation, and which were wholly false.
Mr. FILLMORE asked if the morning hour
had not expired
The SPEAKER answered id the affirmative.
Mr. FILLMORE then asked the House to take
up the bill from the Senate to extend, for a limited
period, the present revenue laws.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
business next in order wa* the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bowne] io reconsider
the vote by which the House yesterday rejected ihe
bill entitled An act for the relief of Hugh Stewart.
Mr. FILLMORE appealed to the gentleman
from New York to allow the bill from the Senate
to be taken up.
Mr. BOWNE inquired if there w?s any proba-
bility of its being debated.
Mr. FILLMORE said he hoped not.
Mr. BOTvNE said, with that underciandmg, he
would consent.
The Clerk commenced reading ihe amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. WISE rose, and inquired how ihat bill came
up.
Tbe SPEAKER replied that it came up, there
being no objection.
Mr. WISE said, Then I object.
Mi. FILLMORE submitted that the objection
came too late.
Mr. WISE denied ihat it came loo late; for he
objected as, soon as be knew ibe bill was before the
House.
Mr. FILLMORE fV.nh much waimth) said, if
the gentUroan would stand on that fi'ior and pre-
vent the collec ion of revenue, with the gentleman
be the responsibility: he (Mr Fillmore) had done
his du y, and l e now moved ihat the House resolve
it>elf into Coamittee of the Whole on the state
of the Union
Mr. WISE.    Ah! th?t is no bugbear lo me.
Mr. J. R INGERSOLL (greatly excited.) I
move to stipend ihe rule to take it up.
Mr ROWNE hoped that his mot on would be
disposed of first
Mr J R INGERSOLL begged the gentleman
from New York to allow ibis bill lo r? taken up.
The Clpik again c'sayed lo read the proviso.
Mr. WISE pgam roso and inquired if ihat was
the regular order t f busmen
The SPEAKER was understood, amidst great
confu icn, to state that the business having prior-
i'y ha i been waived, and, ihere/ore, that Ihis busi-
ness came up in order
Mr. TURNEY inquired what became of the
other orders of business?
Some confusion again ensued; and, when order
wascr mpitatively res'ored—
Mr. ADAMS cabed for the unfii i hed business
of yesierdav, which was ur.oi po^edrf at the ad-
journment for v?nt of a quorum T e business
lo whici ¡<p alluned was the loi'oning resolution:
Ilesoh rd That the Secretary of the Xavy be directed to re
port to this Hou e, at the commencement of the next session of
Cor ^ress a leturn of tie nunibeisand names of all the petty
officeis, se~ ien, oidmaiy eamen, landsmen, and apf ictitices
in the nava' =eince of the United State' dl unguishlng the na-
tivMiomthe niturahzed m hviduals in the saut service, ard,
ano-i  the natives of the United Slates, ihe State, lemtory, oi
Dis'riaoi Columbu, wheiee^ch individual was born, of which
an inhabitant, and oí which a ci izen at the time of his enlist
ment
To Ihis, Mr. Cave Johns n had submitted an
amendment; which he now modified as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary report the names, age, ton
nage, and number of guns of each vessel, and where built;
