. .       '                             .....               '              "      ■     ■       J'"MM*
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
688
whether finished or unfinished; showing the cost, of budding
such vessel and the annual repairs thereof, divided into two
heads, which will show the amount expended for materials and
the amount for labor, and also the sum expended for the arma-
ment of each ship.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he had so modified the
amendment, since it was offered on yesterday, as to
meet (he views of gentlemen as far as it went; that
he would seek some other opportunity of asking
the additioaal annual statement he had proposed
on yesterday. He did not desire lo delay or post-
pone the adopHon of the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. At the request of the gentle-
men around him, instead of debatug either propo-
sition, he would move the previous question.
Mr. WISE desired to say a few words on the
resolution; and, for that purpose, desired the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw his motion for
the previous question.
The motion was not withdrawn, but was sustained
by the House. The amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] was then adopt-
ed; and aho the resolution, as amended.
THE PROVISIONAL TARIFF.
This bill was then taken up, aad the Clerk read
the amendment of the Senate, as follows:
The House had inserted the following proviso—
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall suspend the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands, anything here
in contained, and anything contained m the proviso to the sixth
section of the act approved 4th September, 1841, entitled 'An
acttoappropriate the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
and to grant pre emptton rights/ to the contiary, notwithstand
¡ng-"
The Senate had stricken out this proviso, aud in-
serted, in lieu thereof, ihe following:
"That the distribution of the proceeds of the public lands, au-
thorised and directed by the act of Corgi ess of the 4th Septem-
ber, 1841, entitled'An act to appropriate thepioeeeds of the
public lands, and to grant pre empnon lights,' shall be, and the
same is hereby, suspended and postponed until the 1st day of
August, 1842, and the said act of the 4th September, 1841, shall
be no otherwise affectedoi modified than meiely to postpone to
the said first ol August ne-st the distribution of said pioceeds
directed by that act to be made on the 1st Inly, 1842, anything
m tlusaci,or the said act of the4thSeptembei, 1811, to the con
trary, notwithstanding."
Mr. YORKE moved the previous question.
Mr. WISE rose to ask if there could not be a
division of the question—first, on striking out the
proviso of ihe House; and next, on the adoption of
ihe proviso of the Sena'e.
The SPEAKER was understood to put the ques-
tion on concurring with the amendment of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. GWIN asked if it was in ordsr tc move to
lay Ihe bill on the table.
A consersau n here ensued between Mr CAVE
JOHNSON and ihe SPEAKER, the purport of
which was not understood.
Mr. WELLER Ihen moved to lay the whole
subject on the table, aud called for the yeas and
nays thereon; which were ordered.
The motion was negatived—-yeas 84, nay 113,
at follows:
YEAS—Messrs Arnneton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black, Bowne,
Brewster, A. V Brown, Chs. Brown, Burke, P C Caldwell, J
Campbell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, C ilquitt,
Mark A Coopei, Cravens, Daniel, Richard 1) Davis, Dean,
Doig, F.aslman, John C Edwards, Egbert, Perns, John G
Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Thomas F.Foster, William O Goode,
Gwin, Habersham, Hams, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hunter, Charles J Ingersoll, Jack,
Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Kenn, Lewis, Lllllefield, Ahia-
ham McdUlan, Roben McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory,
Mai. hand, Alfml Marshall, M uliews, Medill, Miller, New-
bald, O! yei Pauidce Ptyne, Pirkens Pluiuei, Pu)fht,Redm2,
Renchor, Reynolds, RhtU, Riggs, Rogers, SanlOid, Shaw,
Shields, Win. fe.nith, tenydei, telteornd, .Sweney, Turney, Van
Bnren, Ward, Wollei, Jiw| h I, While, J,imt. W. Williams,
and Wise-81
NAYS—Meisrs Adams, Allen, LandafT W Andiew", Slier-
lock J Andiew, Appleloo, Arnold, Bakei, Barnard, liarton,
Birdseye, Blan, fioardinan, Bou'en, Bolts, iluggs, Biockway,
Brons>n, M Biown, Burned, Wm Butler, Wm B Campbell,
Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chllds, Clilttuiden,
John C Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Cioss.Gairett Dtvis, Debeuy, John Edward , ( vei-
et', Fes^endtn, Fillmoip,romance, A lawience Fostei, Gim
ble, Gcntiy, Giddmes, Goguin, PaliuA G Goode, Giaham,
Granger, Green, Kill, Hilled, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R.
Ingeisoll, James Inm, .Times, Wm Cost Johnson, John P
Kennedy, Lane, Linn, McKennan, ft Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynaid, Mtnnether, Milciiell, Mooie Moms, Monovv, Os
borne, Owsley. Parmentei, Pendleton, Pope Ramsey, nerji.
mm Randall, Rando¡¡ b, Rayner, Ridsfway, Roosevelt, Vv,n.
Russell James M R.u¡>=eií. Satbtonstatl, Shepperd, Simonton,
élade, Truman ñmilh,Spngg Stanly, Stnkely, Stra ton, Alex
ander H H Stuait, John T istuirt, Snmmus, Taliaferro,
Richard W Tbomoson, lilti ghast, Totand, Tomlmson, Trip-
lets, TrHirbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Wairen,
Washington, Edward D. White, Christopher II Williams,
Joseph! Williams, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question then recurred on the motion for
the previous question, which was agreed to.
The next question was the following: "Shall ths
main question be now put?"
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays-,
and they were ordered.
The House determined that the main question
should be now put—ayes 105, noes 90.
The main question then coming up, on concur-
ra g in the amendment of the Senate—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for ihe yeas and
nays; which were ordered.                                  •
Mr. TURNEY desired to be excused from voting
on this question, and proceeded to give his reasons
for making this request. When the bill was first
passed by the House, it was passed under the influ-
ence of the gag; and when sent to the Senate, an
amendment was made there to what he conceived
an obnoxious feature of it—he meant the proviso
in relation to the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands—which he and many members of the
House had not yet had an opportunity of seeing or
hearing. Since it had been returned to the House,
that amendment had not been printed nor discuss-
ed; nor, when read at the Clerk's table, had any
member been able to hear it, amid the noise and
confusion usually prevailing on occasions of this
sort. But notwithstanding all this, the instant ihe
bill was called up, (he previous question was moved
and carried; and ihus the amendment would be
hurried through without any consideration, or any
understanding of its merits. He wished to have
an opportunity of comparing ihe amenutnent of the
Senate with the proviso of the House, in order that
he might judge which was the least objectionable,
and take bis choice of the two evils. This, by the
operation of the gag, he had not been peimitted to
do. Now, it gentlemen were prepared to deter-
mine this quesiion, they had more sagacity than he
had; or they had taken the trouble to go to the
Senate chamber to read it, which he had not done.
Mr. T., afier expressing, in the strongest terms,
his objections to this hurried and dangerous species
of legislation, withdrew his motion.
Mr. HOLMES desired to get an explanation
from ihe chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means in regard to the effect of ihe amendment.
This, he hoped, would, by general consent, be al-
lowed him.
Objections were made by several, and cries of
"Order! order!"
Mr. WISE said he would like to be excused
from voting, because he did not know what Ihe
amendment was.
[More cries of "Order! order!" and "Question!
question!"]
The main question was then taken on concur-
ring in the amendment of the Senate, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 96, as follows:
YEAfe—Messrs Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Appleion, Arnold, Baker, Barnaid, Barton, Birdseey,
Blair, Iloaidmtn, Borden, Butts, Buggs, Biockway, Bronson,
Milton Brown, Burnell, Will,am Butler, William B Campbell,
Thomas .1 Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Childs, Chittenden,
John C. Clark, Staley N Clarke, James Coopei, Cowen-
Cianstnn, Garrett Davis, Debeiry, J'din E 'wards, Everett, Fes-
senden, Fillmore, A Lawienee Foster, Gamble, Geniry, Gid,
dings Goggm, Patrick G. Goode, Graham, Granger, Green,
Hall, Iluisted, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R Ingersoll, James iivin,
William W, Irwin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lane, Linn,
McKennan, Samson Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid,
Mitchell, Mooio, Morns, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Par-
menter, Pendleton. Pope, Ram vy, Benjamin Randall, Ran-
dolph, Ridgway, Wm Russell, James M Russell, Saltonstall,
Shepperd, Simomon, Slade, Ti imm Smith, Stanly, Stokely,
atiallon, Alccawdei H II Stuait John T S'uart, Taliaferro,
Iliehai i W. Thompson, Tillmghasi, Toland, Tomlmson, Trip,
leu, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren,
Washington, Edward D White, Chnslophei II. Williams,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—104
NAYS—Missis Adams. Arlington, Beeson llidlack, BlacV,
Bowne, Broftstir, Aawin V Blown, cbailei Brown, Burke,
William O Butier, Patrick C Caldwell, Tohn Campbell,
Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Cole*. Maik A Coipei,
Oiavens, Cm s Cushion, Daniel, Richard D Davis, Dean,
Doty, Tlistnien, John C I.dwtid^, Esbert, Feins, John G
Fl >yd, Chai les \ Floyd, Foitiance, Thomas F Fostei, Wm
O Goode, Cwm, Tlabeis'i tin, Hairi", John Hastings Fays,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, ITowaid, ílubaid, Hunfei, Challes
J Ingeisoll, Jack, William Co^t Johnson, Cave Johnson, John
W Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy. Lewis, Litllefield, Abra-
ham McClellan, Robert M.-CMlan, McKay, McKeon, Mallorv,
Maichand, Alfied Maishall, John Thomson Mason, Marhews,
Medill, Meriwether Mi.ler, Newhard, Oliver, Patridge, Payne,
Pickens, Plumer, Pioffit, Uedmtr, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett,
Riggs. Rogers, Roosevelt, Saoford, Saunders, Shaw, William
Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, Sweney, Turney, Van Buren, Ward,
Weller, Joseph L. White, James VV. Williams, Wise, and
Wood—96.
tu.
Mr. FILLMORE called up the bill making ap-
propriations for the Indian department.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business was the private calendar.
Mr. ADAMS thought that the motion he made
this morning to eo into Committee of the Whole,
to take up the French spoliation bill, shoild have
precedence.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was to go
into Committee of the Whole generally, and then
the majority could decide what bill to take up.
Mr. BOWNE here rose, and moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote taken yesterday, rejecting the bill
for the relief of Hugh Stewart. In order that the
House might the better understand the question,
he desired that the report on Mr. Stewart's ease
might be read.
The Clerk accordingly read the report.
Mr. BOWNE addressed the House at some
length in favor of the motion; and concluded by
moving the previous question.
Mr. TURNEY moved that this motion be laid
upon the table: rejected.
The previous question was then sustained.
The main question recurred on the motion to re-
consider ihe vote by which the bill was rejected;
and
On motion of Mr. GORDON, the  question was
taken by yeas and na>s—yeas 95, nays 43.
So the motion to reconsider was carried.
The question then recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. W. SMITH called for the yeas and nays;
and they wen* ordered. The bill was passed—
yeas 87, nays 60.
Mr. CLARKE of New York moved a reconside-
ration of the vote.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out of
order.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House take
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved an adjournment;
but subsequently withdrew the motion, upon the
ayes and mes being ordered.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then moved that the
House go into committee upon the navy bill.
The SPEAKER said the private bill calendar
would be in order.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union: carried—ayes 64, noes 62.
The Houss then went into committee, (Mr. Mc-
Kenhan in the chair.)
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, who had the
floor on the tariff bill, haying yielded, and that
subject having been postponed for to-day,
Mr. ADAMS moved that the commitiee take up
the bill to provide for the indemnification of
claimants under French spoliation* prior to 1801.
This motion was adopted—ayes 72, noes 70.
Mr. LEWIS moved ihat the committee rise—(3
o'clock.) This motion was rejectee—ayes 66, noes
70.
Mr. ADAMS called upon the Clerk to read the
bill; and it was read accordingly. The House then
dispensed wi'h the reading of the sections sepa-
rably.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the committee rise and
report (he bill; which opened ihe question, and gave
him an opportunity to make some remarks thereon.
He then wmt into an elucidation of the bill, and
causi d ihe Clerk to read a long pnnled report whioh
hpii been made to the House at some previous pe-
riod.
Mr ARNOLD and Mr. TiLLlNGHAST also
arMresW the commit'e"; the latter gentleman being
occeiionally c eioowered by cr.es of "Question."
R2r.   IIUNTáR moved that ihe committee rise
and report progress; which was ggited to.
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
John Tyler, jr , esq., the President'? private secre-
tary, delivered to the House a message from the
President.
The Clerk read Ihis communication; and it ap-
peared to be one informing the House that he had
