CttJffCHRESSIOirAEi &LOBE.
■■:■           :     , '■   ■■■"'                    ..                    ........                      ■      ■::    ......                   ,                  "      ■      "            i#>:      -----r"  '            ......"......:.......--------
Bt BLAIR AND RIVES.___________________          WEEKLY           ____________*      PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
J27th Cong.........2d Sbss.                                  SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1842.                                     Volume 11....No. 44.
Continued from No 43
signed the apportionment bill, and that he had filed
his reasons for doing so in the Stale Department.
Mr. ADAMS said this message was a novelty m
the history of this country. The Constitution re-
quired the President, if he approved a bill, to sign
11, and not to accompany it with reasons. He
spoke at great length on the dangerous precedent
that might be thus set, and concluded by moving
that the message be referred to a select committee,
with power to send for persons and papers.
The debate was continued by Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, Mr. WISE, and others, until half past
five; when the House adjourned, without disposing
of it.
IN SENATE.
since he occupied that honored seat which you
now fill He left us, to be sure, somewhat
broken down in health and constitution, though he
earned with him our sincere hopes and fer-
vent prayers that, after a short relaxation from
hts official duties, he would be restored to us
with renewed health. But it has pleased a
mysterious Providence to order otherwise. Our
hopes have been disappointed by the decree of
Heaven. Death has separated him from us for-
ever—from the scene of his usefulness, leaving us
nothing but to mourn over him dead, whom it, has
been our delight to honor while hying.
After announcing this sad intelligence, the feel-
ings of my heart would pormpt me to sit down in
silence, leaving the life and the virtues of my de-
ceased friend to be spoken of by others, until a
more fitting occasion, for to speak now of the
Eiany honors which he deservedly acquired, the
virtues he cultivated, and the talents he devoted for
so many years to the service of his country, would
only sharpen our grief, and deepen our sense of
the calami'y which has fallen upon us.
Trie Hon. Samuel L. Southard was born in
1787, in the county of Somerset, New Jersey.
Born and reared under her free institutions—edu-
cated in her schools—a graduate of her colleges—
he was, in principle and feeling, emphatically a
Jer eyrnan Deeply appreciating his worth, his
native State, at an eaily period, called teim into her
public service He was made judge of the su-
preme court at an early age, and, after serv-
lrg six \ears, with di-.tmgm>hed ability, he
was, in 1821, elecedas a Senator in Congrtss,
in which capacity he serTed until President
Monroe honored him by placng him in eharge
of the Navy Department, where his «ervices
were so highly appreciated that he continued
to hold that office during Mr. Adams's admin-
istration. His conduct in that department is fully
known to the country, and duly appreciated by the
navy, the interests of which it was hi  honor and
delight io f Sier and promote. On the retirement
of .Mr. Adams's cabinet, Mr. Southard returned to
his na ive State, and she received him with all
the affettion due to a faithful and divotel son.
After successively filling the offices of Attoiney
General and Governor ol that Stale, he was again
elected a member of this body; and after a
pubhc carcc- uf usefulness far twenty years in
the vi.or of bis mind, with ripened intellect,
and in the enjoyment of the entire confidence
of his f< How Senators, it has pleased God to
put an end to his mortal career. Another
h'ow has been «tiucif another 'eat is vacant:
another \oice is silent1 Afflictive as this blow is
to us, it h,.s fallen with tenfold severity upon that
little and anxious circle which stood around his
dying bed, and soothed—as far as human affection
can soothe—his last moments. I do not intrude
within the family circle to sympathize but merely
to speak of fie private virtues which endeared him
to his family and friends—of that intellect of high
order, talents which could gra>p the destinies of a
nation— f those cdeanng virtues which drew
around him sincere friends, and converted even
enemies uto friends.
EmU írepre^sed with the precepts of pious par-
ents, their influence was never lost upon him
through the course of his long and honored exist-
ence Damply impressed with the truths of Chris-
tianity, he was on all occasions its defender; and,
we have reason to hope, he embraced the truths of
our holy religion to the saving of h-s immortal
soul.
Mr. M having concluded—
Mr. KING rose aid addressed the Senate as fol-
lows-
Mr President The eloquent and feeling man-
ner in which the melancholy event has just been
announced to the Senate by the Senator from
New Jersey, of the death of the distinguished indi-
vidual—his friend and coUeagae, who js now no
more—leaves me nothing to say I will not, there
fore, attempt, by any remarks of my own, to im-
pair the force of that eloquence. It has been my
fortune, for very many years, to be intimately ac-
quainted with the distingui.hed man whose death
has been just announced. I have known him in
private life, and can bear testimony to his kind-
ness of heart, amiableness of disposition, and
uniform courtesy. I have known him in pub-
lic stations, and can with the same truthfulness
testify to his courtesy, and to the ability with which
he discharged the various trusts confided to his
care But he is gone; and it becomes our duty—
though it is a melancholy one—to pay to his mem-
ory that tribute of respect so deservedly due. I
will not detain the Senate further, but move the
following resolutions:
Resolved, unanimously, That a committee be appointed to
take order for superintend^ the funeral of the honorable
Samuel L Southard, which will take place to morrow at 12
o'clock, that the Senate will attend the same, and that notice
thereof be srtven to the House of Representatives
Resolved, unantmo9ly, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desue of st «w ing every mark of respect due to the
memoiy of the honorable Samuel L Southaid deceased, late
President pi o tempore thereof, will go into mourning for him
one month, f>y the usual moie of wearing crape on the left
aim                    ••
Resolved, unnammouUy That, as an additional mark of re-
spect for the memory of the honorable Samuel L Southard,
the Senate do now adjourn
The question was put, and the resolutions were
agreed to; and
The Senate then adj Durned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June U7 1842.
DEVTII OF THE HON  WM S IKSTING3, OF MASS.
Tne Chapiam to 'he dt-nate (the Rev Septimus
Tus on ) commenced the day's proceedings with an
affectii g and impressive prayer, in which he delt-
cftUy alluded to the melancholy even s which had
•o recently taken p'acJ in the death of a member
of -~ach branch of tne National Legislature,
Tne journtil ot Siturd&y was then read; after
whieh,
Mr ADAMS rose and spoke as follows-
Mr Speaker In the cotir e of twel/e years of
public «ervice in this hall, it has been my fortune
too often to witness, with sympathizing sorrow,
some member from ono or another of the States of
this Union ether than that of my o v-i nativity, rise
f,or,, his r< \t, una, with agitated feelings, and in
the accents ot a tremolmg heart, announce to this
asstnibtj the d'pa ture, lor a wp*tJ of h^rwotiy
anf peace, ot a r«cptcttd ard bt'ov-d colleague.
h i alwa}san imoressive,a to'emn, andansffect-
lngscme, <tni I have nevn beheld it but Viith an
ejaculation of prayer to the Fa her of Splits, that
at lea-t thi cup mignt pass away from me, and
tha i r>u u never be called, in the discharge of
my dt , to pt form so piin'ul so severe a task.
it he? r"' «-o pl"a«ed tha srre-u Diipo.er of events.
At the request of mv coueagues on this floor, I
ara now required to announce to this House the
deaih of William Sodew Histinq , late a mem-
bei of this body from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Massachusetts, and t move the resolutions
of respect for his memon, 11 the part of tbis
House, usual on similar oc <> ions
In the month of Sepiember, 1837, at the first and
special session of the 25n Coi g «is, Mr. Hastings
fi st entered this hall as the Representative of a
portion of the people of Mas acbus°tts. That he
continued to enjoy the confidence of his constitu-
ents, has keen manifested by two successive re-
elections to the same station. Tne same tavor had
been preceded by reiterated elections to both
branches of the Legislature of the Commonwealth.
It was a confidence in his talents and integrity,
spieadmg and expanding in proportion, to the ex-
perience of his worthiness of the trust He came
here in the prime and vigor of life, to all exttrnil
appearance destined to a long and useful career
cf public service; taking an aenve and efficient,
though not obtrusive, part in ihi deliberations ot
Monday, June 27, 1842
DEATH OP THE HON. MR. HASTINGS.
Oa motion of Mr. EVANS, the reading of toe
journal of Saturday was dispensed with.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentares, by its Clerk, announcing to the Senate
the death of the Hon. William S Hastings, late
a Representative from the State of Massachusetts;
which, being read—
Mr BATES addressed the Senate as follows
Mr President- As we advance in age, the no-
tices of the death of those who have been of our
acquaintance become moro and more frequent, and,
give me leave to add, more and more admonitory.
During the present session of Congress, the Hou e
of Representatives has announced to the Senate tl.e
death of no les  than four of its m mb-rs¡ and too
Senate has been pained by the loss of one of the
most worthy, most respected, and most enenshed of
its own; and—it grieves me to ihmk it—again of
another. Mr. President, these events, althoL°h
they cannot stop the progress of the hours upor ihii
dial-plate, demand of us at least a pause—a pause
for our own sake; and not for our own sake mere
jy—a pause that we may do what we can m our
affliction, by respectful tokens of sympathy and
regard, to mitigate the affl etion of others, the re-
lations and friends of the deceased.
Mr Hastings, the subject of the message fn m
the House, had been, from time to time, in l.l-
health. A few weeks since, by the advueot hs
physician, he went to the springs in Virginia, in ih*
hope that the u^e of the water would afford h'm
relief. His hope was disappointed —as, sir, human
hopes often are. He died on Fndai, the 17 h. The
news of his death was received last Saiurday.
Mr Hastinos wa« unobtrusive, unpretending,
unostentatious, but of a very sound rand, and of
great integrity and worth, most respected and moft
esteemed by those who knew him best. He was a
native of the county of Worcester. For severe 1
years he was m the Senate of Massachusetts. As
a member of Congress, he had the confidence of a
most respectable constituency in the heart of the
State; and well he deserved it But, sir, all that
we have now left us is to lament the loss of him,
and do the customary honors to his memory
Mr. B. concluded by offering the following n «o
lutions, which, having been read, were unanimous
ly adopted, viz:
Hesolved, That the Senate has received with deep «en i
bihty the communication from the Hou e of Representatives,
announcing the death of the Hon William a IIa-tin-g¡., i
Representative from the State of Massachusetts
Resohed, That, in token of sincere an ] high lespect for the
memory of the deceased, the Senate and its officers will weai
crapoupon the left arm, as mourning for thirty days
DEATH OF THE HONORABLE SAMUEL L.
SOUTHARD.
Mr. MILLER rose and addiessed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. Psesident: I rise to add another sb?de of
gloom 'o that which already pervades this body—i
announce to you the sad intelligence of the death oí
my colleague, the Hon. Samuei, L Southard He
died yesterday, at 20 minutes before ten o'clock, at
Fredericksburg, Virginia. It is but one short month
