696
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sssü
even their own manufactures—for the sake of having
a division of the spoils—the proceeds of the public
lands.
Mr. GRANGER said he would address a few
words to the House, and particularly to its majori-
ty, in relation to the document just laid before it.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr Holmes]
had intimated that this was the time for the major-
ity to tread backward. He (Mr G ) *aid to that
majority, that this was the day for them to stand to
their ground, or the interests of their States would
be sacrificed.
He referred to the charge of hostility to the pres-
ent Administration, so often made against the ma-
jority m the House. As for himself, he appealed
to his recorded vote*, and o those friends whose in-
timacy with htm had given them an opportunity of
knowing him best, whether he bad ever made a
voie or an expression denoting a purpose of hos-
tility against the Ad-mnistration. Look to his
votes, and see if he had refused it the sinews of
war—liberal supplies. But the question was dif-
ferent now. It Was no more nor ¡ess than whether
Congre«s would declare that ih  States should here-
after have no interest whatever in the public do
¡nam. The  was not a man acquainted with the
subject who would assert that 20 per cent duties
on imports were sufficient to defray the expenses
of the Government. What, then, was to be the
condition on wbich alone distribution could be
mad*? Only when 20 per cent upon impous
would defray the expenses of the Government—a
contingency it were needless to expect.
He had a few words to say in connexion with
the interests of the States and the manufacturers.
H? called on the manufacturers to meet the ques-
tion as men Let it wear away with its Southern
aspect and the party feelings which hid been as-
< ousted with it. They would soon see who could
bear the present sta'e of things the longest—the
manufacturers of the North, or the people of the
South.   [Cries of "agreed.' ]
When the message of the President was read, he
had in his hand a New York paper professing to
give the language of the Preside ! on this sutj ct
in 1839. He quoted from the paper to "¡how that
the President was th°n in favor<f distribution,
without reference to t>ie compromise act He ¡,ad
supposed ihat such were the views of the Presi-
dent until March 25 h, when he sent in a message
recommending the susp-usion of ihe distribution
law He was amazed when he first found a chang-
m the President'  views. He was surprised when
he heard that the di*tnbution was passed at the ex-
tra session in contemplation of a surplus in the
treasury fiom 20 per cent, duties on imports. He
spoke for some time in favor of keeping up a high
ratejf djilifi%- ttá-!rtsoroi' distributing the proceeds
tarfhesales of the public lands  ~~   —~—---------
He begged that the majority might meet the
question, as became them, at once—come what
might. He was willing lo take his share of the
responsibility as a member of the party that fought
and won ihe battle of 1840. He was determined
now, as well as then, lo stand up for his principles,
and those of the Whig party, [cnecs of "What
were they?"]
Por him elf, and for his political associates of
this House and of this- nation, he would cieclare
that they came into power on principles which
ihey were bound to defend, for they believed them
to be the only principles on which this Govern-
ment ought to be carried on They owed it to
themselves, and to their republican institutions, to
maintain these principles; and if they were true to
those principles, as jure as day shall follow night,
they could noi be false to any one.
Mr SALTONSTALL said it was unfortunate
that they had entered upon this debate. He had
hoped th  message would have been printed, and
that the consideration of it would have been post-
poned until tomorrow, but he couldnot consent to
be silent, without first entering his protest against
the manner ¡n which it had been received and
treated by the gentlema  from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes ] He considered this one of the
most important events which had ever happened
since the ConstWuion had been adopted. He con-
sjfeied it an infinitely more important grisis ef af-
fairs than when the Bank vetoes came there; be-
cause this did not pretend to be placed on consti-
tutional grounds, nor any other than that of expe-
diency.   And at what a time had this message
come to them?   Why, though they all kaew the
act to be constitutional which had just been re-
turned to them, they also knew that, after to mor-
row, all duties were to be reduced to 20 per cent.
The President had been pleased to say, in the mes-
sage which he had given*them, that he could go on,
and that be was advised that, under Executive in-
struction, regulations could  be made by which
they could go on; and it appeared that he was go-
ing on, by Executive mandate, to collect from
Maine to New Orleans the 20 per cent, duties but
he (Mr S ) gave it as his opinion that the duties
could not be collected after the 30th June, unless
Congress should make the necessary regulations.
The gentleman from South Carolina said that
the President had marched up to the question bold-
ly, and that he stood between the National Leg s-
lature and the people—between the National Legis-
lature and the rights of the country    Had it, then,
come to this? and were they to look to the Execu-
tive for the support of our institutions? And against
whom?   The Representatives of the people'   And
how?   On an ordinary act of legislation, in which
the ground of difference was merely one of opin-
ion as to the expediency of the measure   This veto
power he declared wuuld ride over the liberties of
the country; and it would be no longer a land &f
liberty or of repre'entative government    In one
single Congress they had had the exercise of this
veto power for the third «me; while in the country
from which we derived our institutions, no sorer
eign dared thus to have exercised it    He regretted
to be compelled to make these remark , without
having first an opportunity to examine the mes-
sage; but his impression was, that it rested mainly
on the ground of expediency; and expediency, after
(wo committees of this House, and the President'-,
own Secre'ary of the Treasury, had reported b'lls
evidently inconsistent with the President'  interpre-
tation r{ the compromise act.  Hf made gentlemen
welcome to all the protection they could get out of
the incidental protection which the President was
disposed to concede under a bill of 20 per cent
He really believed that the consequence of th s veto
was to bring them near a dissolution of the Gov-
ernment, unless God, m his good providence, hould
interfere m their bihalf.
The matter now stood on a difference of op mon,
too, respecting the public lands: but had the Presi-
dent any conscientious scruples at the last session1
Did he not recommend that measure? And did he
not approve the bill? Inexpediency' He talked,
too, of violated faith' And the gentleman from
S uth Carolina jnsa-iharar-«""i Iik>Ul uui-trriHgcla^
mations of joy and thanksgiving, as though the
hour of deliverance had come. [Laughter ] He
(Mr Saltonitall) could not let the opportunity
pass without entering his protest against the course
which the gentleman bad pursued, and he hoped
now that the message would be printed, and that
they should proceed deliberately to consider it; and
he hoped something would be speedily done to save
them from the humiliation, and deep disgrace, and
danger to the country, into which they had been
brought.
Mr FILLMORE regretted this debate, and said,
if he had obtained the floor at an earlier period,
he should have submitted a proposition by which
they could have postponed the debate on this most
extraordinary message to another day. He was
unfortunate enough not to catch the Speaker's eye,
and the debate had been opened; and indeed he did
did not know now that he regretted it it was the
first spontaneous outbreak on receiving that extra-
ordinary message [Laughter] And what did
it profess? On what principles was it based? Why,
the President would not consent to a distribution of
the proceeds of the public lands, even for a single
day, but though that was the profession, he (Mr.
Fillmore) begged to say that it appeared to him
to be a mere pretence—and he said it with all due
deference and respect for the Executive majesty of
I, the nation. [Laughter ] What was the law which
was passed by both Houses of Congress, and which
had been vetoed, aad now lay on their table for
reconsideration? It was a law authorizing the col-
lection of such duties for a single month, as bad
been collected since January last, that they might
consider a bill to provide a permanent revenue for
the nation. It was a bill, also, which postponed
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands,
until the expiration ot that month, and until Con-
gress should provide by imposts a sufficient supply
to meet the wants of the treasury. But what was
the effect of the veto? It reduced the duties on
impoits to 20 per cent, and authorized distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands; for the distri-
butor would take place, in consequence of this veto,
ins day after to morrow Did not the reasons as-
signed by the President then appear like pretence?
He was not surprised at the joy which the veto
gave to gentlemen on the other side of the House,
as it was probably but the consummation of a
treaty that had long been understood to be in nego-
nation. [Laughter ] If this were the ratification
of sich a treaty, he gave the other side of the
House joy of its conquest; and he should shed no
teats that the Executive bad passed into the appro-
priate place.
However, considering ths great interests here in-
volved, he hoped this message would be laid over
until to-morrow, and that it would be printed; this
would give them more time for consideration, for
he was free to confess that he believed they were
approaching a crisis which would shake this
Union to its centre Time would determine who
was to yield and who was right, time would
determine whether the Pre.ident or ihe Representa-
tives of the people should provide the ways and
means to carry on this Government m the way
they thought best, so long as they violated no prin-
ciple of the Constitution The President bad told
them he had taken this power into his own hands,
and that the law passed by Congress was unneces-
sary, and the question arose, whether Congress
should legislate, or the President.
Some friend had handed to him a note stating
that Ihe President in this veto message had indi-
cated that he was willing to violate the principles
of the compromise act, by carrying duties up
above twenty per cent, and that he would discrim-
inate in favor o manufactures Why, then, he ask
ed, was there so much joy on the other side of the
House? His (Mr. Fillmore's) friends should
have known that the joy manifested on ihe other
side of ihe House was not on account < f any prin-
ciple mvoived in the compromise 8ct, but because,
with the characteristic principles of their party, ihey
went for the spoils. (Laughter.) He again gave
that party joy of the conquest they had made, but
he intended no disrespect to the Chief Magistrate—
("Oh no. certJillljLJiflMa-ai <H<rrrgt^^
it was a question between his country and the
dearest interests of the people, or of this House on
the one hand, and the Executive on the other, he
suould not hesitate to take part against all usurpa-
tion.
Mr. CUSHING replied generally to the assail-
ants of the Executive. He said, amongst oiher
things, that the gentleman might be right, and that
t tere was no law for the collection of revenue:
but what, then, was the duty of this House? Was
th s the only law that could be passed? He be-
lieved such a law as was required might be passed
m an hour, and that it was the duty of the House
to provide such a law.
He next commented on the observations of the
gentleman who had preceded him, with remarks
oa the operation of ihe distribution act on the Is,
of July. He begged gentlemen to read that actt
and especially the two causes for the suspension
of distribution—the one a state of war, and the
other the collection of duties above 20 per cent Bat
the gent'emau from New York said this was a great
c-isis in the affairs of the United States, as we'l asm
ue relation of part es, and lhat this was an extraor-
dinary message. Now, he cared nothing for the
relation of parties, [laughter,] and, thank Heaven,
the people of the United States were beginning to
be disabused, not only of the tyranny of party, but
s'ill more that their interests were to be sacrificed
to th- aspirations of party men. He (Mr. C.)
cared not for party, but be did care for the great
and material interests of the people of toe United
