COH0HESSI0NAL GLOBE;
m%
States. But what Tras the crisis of which gentle-
men spoke? The term "crisis" was so frequently
used, and it came so trippingly on the tongue, that
he bad ceased to regard it; for he was of opinion,
with a French writer, that they might bear them-
selves as well in a crisis as in the interval.
He then proceeded to defend the act of the Pres-
ident, on the ground that he was a co ordinate
branch of the Government, and had but discharged
his constitutional duty in vetoing a bill of which he
disapproved. He defended, also, the veto power,
and denied that it originated with the country from
which we derived our institutions. It was no
kingly function of Europe in which it originated,
but in the Republic of Rome, for the defence of
the people against their select bodies. In reply to
an allusion to England, to which a gentleman bad
pointed, he explained that the absence of the veto
was accounted for by the fact, that the great
measures were ministerial, and never introduced
but wiih the understanding that ihey would receive
the royal assent; and their failure was followed by
the resignation of ministers. The gentleman, then,
was in error in his allusion to English authority
for an analogy, when the forms were totally .dif-
ferent. Bu',bi that as it might, that House was
not sitting as a convention for the adoption of a
constitution, for the Censtitution existed, and the
veto power was given by it.
He then pursued his reply to preceding speak-
ers, st great lengih; and, when he concluded, the
House agreed to print the message.
And then the House Adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 30, 1842.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on the Public Land", to which had been referred
the bill for the relief of George A. Walker, report-
ed the same back without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McROSERTS said the bill was unobjec-
tionable; that it had been passed two or three ses-
sions-before; and he asked that it. might now be
considered and passed. He then moved to post-
pone the previous orders of the day for that pur-
pose.     *
The question was put on the motion, and it was
disagreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro lei . laid before the Sen-
ale a communication from the War Department,
covering a statement, made in compliance with a
resolution of the 23d inst, giving information of
what officers belonging to the ordnance and engi-
neer corps receive double rations. The communi-
cation stales that the abucco in thi* respect have
been corrected, and that the issue of double rations
is now confined to those cases only which are
clearly authorized by law.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a. memorial of a
ttum,per of citizens of Venango and Butler coun-
ties, in the State of Pennsylvania, in which the
memorialists state that the iron manufacturing
business calls for relief; and a?!i ihat Congress
may lay duties with a view to protection to that
branch of industry, and to the manufacture of
cotton, woollen, and silk stuffs: referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
The following engrossed bills were then taken
up, read the third time, and passed, viz:
An act to amend an act entitled An act Lo pro-*
vide for paying for horses and other property lost
and destroyed in the military service of the united
States, approved 18th June, 1837.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Seott.
An act for the relief sf certain companies of
Michigan militia.
An act for the relief of Alexander Hafflmelt.
The bill for the relief of Isabella Hill, widow,
and John Hill, Elizabeth Hill, and Samuel Hill,
children and minor heirs at law of Samuel Hill,
deceased.
Mr. PRESTON presented a memorial from cer-
tain Merchants of the city of Charleston, Sotttu Car-
oiinay asking Congress in future to impose a tax on
goods sold at auction: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill to refund the balance due to Massachu-
setts, for disbursements during the/late war with
Great Briiain, came up in its order as in committee
of the whole.              \              f
Mr. TAPPAN mov>d to amend the bill, to the
effect that no part of ihe appropriation shall be
applied to the payment hi troops not in the actual
service of the United Slaves. /
Mr. EVANS deemed ^hjs amendment unneces-
sary.                                \i
Mr. BATES said he coftld not see the object of
the amendment. The bill was intended to p.ty the
balances due for the services of militia called out
in 1814; and there was nothing in it to pay for
any not in the service.
Mr. KÍXG considered Ihe amendment quite ne-
cessary. It was intendtd to restrict the applica-
tion of the appropriation to the payment of troops
which were "in the service of the United States,
and to prevent any portion being applied to the
payment of troops called oat by the State of Mas-
sachusetts for its own purposes, and refused by the
Geoeral Government. There was a portion of
troops called oat by the Governor of Massachu-
setts, and held not to be subject to the control of
the United States, and were not mustered into its
service, for which he wa-* unwilling to pay; but he
was prepared to pay for all the troops called out
and received into the service of ihe United States.
Mr. BATES said the bill once passed the Sen-
ate, in 1839, but too late to receive the final action
of the House of Representatives; and it was now
so late in ihe session, that he feared it would riot
bn reached m the other branch of Congress, though
he indulged th2 hope that it would pa?s that body.
Mr. B said the bill was founded on a report of the
Secretary of War, to whom the subject was, in
1836, referred for his examination, wi;h instruc-
tion- to report the balance due, and on ¡he princi-
ples clearly settled and established by law. The
bill was therefore founded, as it were, upon, the
judgment of a j Jry of your own appointment. He
considered, then, that the only question properly
before the Senate, was,whether ihe Secretary of War
was authorized to make this- report, which was in
the nature of an adjudication of award. To
prove that the authority of the Secretary upon the
subject was full, Mr. 3. traced in a brief manner
an historical sketch of the legislation of Congress
upon the subject. He also adverted to the de-
fenceless condition of Massachusatts at the time
the militia were called out, and the imperious ne-
cessity for such a call; maintaining that such a
crisis actually existed, which the law heretofore
passed, establishing the principies upon which the
claims should be allowed, contemplated—u«.iueiy,
actual invasion or apprehended invasion.
Mr. B. then showed that the Secretary of War
was directed, by a resolution of Congress of 1832,
to examine and report what was due; and in 1836
Congress passed an ;her resolution, directing a re-
examination of the subject. The Secretary report-
ed that there was, upon ihe principles established
by the legislation oí Congress to control the sub-
ject, found to be due lo ihe S<ate of Massachusetts
the sum of $972,000; and it was for the payment of
this sum of money, thus allowed by the Secretary
of War, acting under an express resolution, in
which he was called upon to decide the question,
that this bill was presented. The question was,
then, whether the money ought to be allowed. To
show the propriety of its allowance, it was only
necessary to s'stte that the claims of all the Stales,
founded on precisely the same principles, have
been settled by law of Congress. He did not
know the object of ihe mover of the amendment;
but if it was designed by him that the militia called
out to repel invasion, or when there was imminent
danger of invasion, should not be paid, he would
only say that it would conflict with the principles
upon which Congress had invariably heretofore
acted in the allowance of militia claims, and would
reverse 'he juigrnent of the Secretary of War, who
struck the balance in conformity with the princi-
ples of existing law?.
Mr. ALLEN inquired whether the troops (the
pay for whose services was. intended to be indem-
nified to Massachusetts) were held under the order
of the President of the Unwed Stales or any ofBeer
commanding, under him; or whether they were
called out oy the Governor of Massachusetts, and
ihere held to repel invasion, limited to the soil of
Massachusetts
Mr. BATES was understood to say that a por-
tion of those troaps were under United States offi-
cers; and that another portion were called out.by
the State, under circumstances justified by law and
the Constitution, thouah they were not commanded
by a United States officer.
Mr. CHOATE said the amendment now offered
asks the Senate to draw into controversy a matter
which was adjusted by the legislation of Congress
long since—the refusal of the Governor of Massa-
chusetts to furnish the quota of militia when called
upon. That was a question which bad nothing to
do with this bill. There was a time, he said, when
that objection might be urged as a proper one;
but the time was now passed. He hoped that the
question which grew out of the acerbated feelings
of those times would not be renewed. He then
defended the justice of the claims which the bill
was intended to cover, showing that claims of like
character hid been allowed other States.
Mr. SEVIER said he was disposed to vote every
dollar that was due lo a man who had served his
country; but this was not a case of that sort.
When ihey considered the time at which these al-
leged services were rendered was in 1814—at the
time when ¡he Hartford convenion assembled, and
when traitors were as thick as blackberries; and
that, afier a lapse of twenty-five or thirty years,
th~se men came forward and asked Congress to
pay them for services—it looked to him very much.
like the heirs of Benedict Arnold coming forward
to claim compensation f>-r services; or like a case
which had occurred within his observation in Mis-
souri, where certain claimants received lands as
settlers, and it turned out ihat they were connected
with the Indians who burned Fort Meigs and mas-
sacred the inhabitants. If the claims were, as he
firmly believed, of this character, he, for on ,
would never vote a single dollar. Tnough he was
willing to go according to the act of 1830; and if
the honorable gentleman would modify his amend-
ment so as to bring it under the provisions of ihat
act, he would vote for it. If the claim eame under
the provisions of that act, why had it not been
paid? [Mr. Evans. Because there was no money
appropriated.] He maintained it did not come
under ihe requisitions of that act, and he could
not, therefore, consent to give it his support.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to say that these
troops, whom they were called upon to pay, were
refused by the United States Government. The
piuvibu moved by bim was intended to prevent the
pay for services of troops whieh Massachusetts re-
fused to put under the control of the United States.
Massachusetts (said Mr. T.) refused to taks part
in the war. She was opposed to it as an unright-
eous and unjustifiable war, and refused to take any
part in the defences of the coantiy. Instead of
losin? in ronseqaenee of the state ct things that ex-
isted in her border at that period, she made money
by it. She made a great deal more by her
trade with the British when there, m furnishing
supplies to them, than the amount she lost in pay-
ing her militia—even if she had not been indem-
nified for any part of the claim she presented
against the United States. Now, under all the cir-
cumstances, he was opposed to the bill as it stood;
and the attempt to justify t'.ie passage of it, on the
ground that the Secretary of War had struck the
balance, was erroneous. Such considerations
should not control the action of Congress. He
cared not for the decision of the department. Such
decisions were not final. It was the duty of Con-
gress to act upon its own sense of right and duty,
without reference to the opinion of the depart-
ments.
Mr. EVANS remarked, that if the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan,] to re.
strict payment to such militia as were commanded
by officers of the United States should prevail, it
would operate as great injustice, and would with-
hold a considerable portion justly due this State,
as well as other States.
