j.       -----       "I.".'!1        .       .       '■                     ■'".....■        ,'"      ■"!'—■■ri.ur-,.   ■    i     r_L.       f        --Jt
by the Committee of Ways aid Means to submit
to the House the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required to
inform this House whether any order, direction or circular, for
the collection of duties after the 30th June, 1842, has been is
sued by 01 under the direction ot the Treasury Department, and
if so, that he furnish this House with a copy thereof, and that he
be also required to inform this House if he is still of opinion,
as expressed m his finance report at the commencement of this
session, 'that it may well be questioned whether any ad
valorem duties can be collected after the 30th of June," and if
his opinion has undergone a change, that he will communicate
the reasons which have induced the change
The reso'ution was agreed to.
Mr. McKEON submitted th" following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Nival Afi "rs be instruct
e] to inquue into the expediency of testifying in some mode the
high sense which the House of Representan v es entertains of
the labors, perseverance, and patriotic devotion to the interests
and honor of the United states, evinced by Lieutenant Charles
Wilkes and the officers and men engaged m the late exploring
expedition
Mr. MALLORY objected, ami the resolution
was not received.
Messrs. BEAD and W BUTLER offered so-
lutions, which were agreed to, direct ng inquiry
into the expediency of establishing certain mail-
routes.
Mr. WELLER rose and asked permission to
introduce a bill to extend the present laws for rais-
ing revenue from imports.
Mr. FILLMORE thought it was necessary first
to dispose of the bill under consideration, and
therefore he objected
Mr. WELLER moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. BARNARD raised the question whether
another bill could be introduced until the bill on
the same subject was disposed of.
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard.
Mr BOWNE moved a call of the House.
Mr GUSñINQ ealled for the ayes and noes,
which were ordered, and resulted as follows ayes
89, noes 83. So that a call of the House was or-
dered.
The Clerk then called the roil, and 191 members
answered to their names. The Clerk called the
absentees, and 202 were found to be present
Mr. BOARDMAN moved that all funhei pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed wan, and the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER made some amendments in his
bill, one ot wbica was the following- to strike out
the words "until otherwise ordered by law," and
insert "until the 4th day of March next," as the
period to which "the laws existing and in actual
operation" for the collection of imports should be
extended.
The yeae and nays weeo then taken on the sus-
pension of the rules, and resulted ?s follows, yeas
96, nays 106 So that the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. ROOSEVELT then asked leave to intio-
duce a bill to remove certain doubts as to the in-
terpretation of existing laws for the collection of
duties on imports
Objection being made by several—
Mr ROOSEVELT asked the indulgence of the
House while he explained the objects of the bill.
[Loud cries of "Order, order "]
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Do gentlemen object to an
explanation?
Mr, ANDREWS. I object, and call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr ROOSEVELT moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of offering the bill, and called
for the yeas and nays, which, having been ordeied,
resulted m yeas 91, nays 119.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. FILLMORE having called for the orders
of the day—
The m-ssage of the President of the United
States, received yesterday, returning the provision-
al tariff bill, with h s objections, was taken up; ihe
question being that prescribed by the Constitution,
on ordering the message to be inserted in the
journal, and reconsidering the bill.
Mr BRIGGS, who was entitled to ihe florr, ad-
dressed the House at some length in a review of the
message—against which he exp-esf ed himself in the
strongest terms of disapprobation. He ?aid that,
by the !a<v of March, 183S, called the compromise
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
act, all the duties on the importation of foreign
goods were on this day to be brought down io SO
per cent ; and that, after this day, the home valua-
tion was to take effect, but under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by law Prom
this he argued that ihe corapromi«e act would be
inoperative, becau e no rules and regulations had
been provided by Congress for the home valuation
Under these circumstances, he examined the rea-
sons given by ihe P esident, ¡a his message, for
returning the bill, wh eh he contended were entire-
ly insufficient. Mr B ihen went m'o an argu-
mentan which ho defended the policy of distribu-
ting the proceeds of the pabhc l«n<ls He rep'ied
to the remarks of h's cjleTue [Mr CdshivoJ m
favor of tne veto power. He referred to the iact,
that the veto hid not beep called into requisition
for one hundred and fifty year> in Great Bri'ain—
a fact made u=e of by Mr Malison in favor of
granting this power to the President. He contrast-
ed the opinion* of Edmund Burke with those of
his colleague, who thought that the "co ord u.tte
branch of the Government" at the other end of ihe
avenue might exercise the veto power at will.
It might be, and had been, said that the land money
was but a pittance to be distributed amorg the
State'; but, he answered, it was also a pittance io
the treasury. The argument adduced only s'rength-
encd the cause of distribution. He spoke of ihe
majority who passed the dis'nbution law, and *ho
placed ihe President in power Did not that offi
cer owe some íespec anj conformity to the wul of
the majority who elevated him' It could not be
doubted that those who etected him were m favor
of the distribution.
Gemlemen had said this bill was framed to make
an l^sue wi h thetf>resid nt. He? (Mr B ) declaim-
ed any such petty purpose He It oked to a higier
object—his duty to his constiiiten s and to his coan-
try.
Mr STUART -of Virginia satd he desired to
present briefly some pointi, not taken in débale, to
the House. It would be/seen lhat the President's
objections, when d^vesBd of their unintelligible
verbiage, did not türl /3n constitutional grounds,
but on grounds of expediency. So far from the
veto being in accordance with the compromise, he
contended that the veto was a breach of that act,
and a violation of faith towards one of the con-
tracting parties. He read from the co,npromi>e to
prove that it coniempla ed a collection of such du-
ties as were necessary to meet the expenses of the
Government, and that it did not con'empiate tne
use of the land money at all in defraying the ex-
penses of the Government. The compromise bill
was introduced in the House just one month after
iu- lana bit1 had passed the Senate, and, when in-
troduced, lhere was a majority of two-lfiirds m fa-
vor of the land bill.
Mr. PICKENS asked what limitation there was
in that land bill?
Mr. STUART said five years, but yet he thought
the b II contemplated a permanentsystem. The ar-
guments used is itssuppor' apphedmore to a perma-
nent than to a temporary system The obj c< wa^,
to take the lands out of the po'itical market, and
out of the hands of presidential a^p rait*.
Herefe.redto the circumstances under whi-h
the compromise «ct was passed, and the mo'ives
actuating th" Norih and the S^uth m consenting to
that measure. The advantage to the Souta was an
approximation to free trade as rear a*, possible.
The North deuved the a i vantages of the home val-
uation duties paid m cash, a run.ber of ameles
coming in doty free, and the ¡evenaes ot the Gov-
ernment derived from imports a'one Consider-
ing 'he shrewd cnaracter of tne Nor'hern people,
could any one believe that they would have ac-
ceded to the compromise unless the distribution
law would also go into effect? He went into a
number of s.tat,stics to show the dependence of
these two acis upon each other, and that they were
con idered pait of one and the same «ystem.
He argued against the use of ihe velo power as
dangerous in the extreme. It effectually gave the
President the power to say in -vbat mode taxes
shou'd be levied. There were but three or four
modes of raising revenue, and, by vetoing each as
they might be adopted by Congress he might thereby
699
pre*cnbe his own system, or sunder the Union. In
the present instance, he could see no circumstance
to justify, or in any manner palliate, the course of
the President This was a question affecting the
dignity of the House; and, should it yield, there
would be no necessity for Congre s whatever. They
bad better send an address to n<s "gracious majes-
ty" at once, and beg him to accede to their wishes.
He begged that they would emulate the example of
their Saxon ancestors in resisting the arbitrary will
of one man
Mr. TILLINGHAST replied to the remarks of
the gen'leman from ¡teas achu«etts, [Mr. CumiNa,]
and 'o ltnilar remarks on the veto message of the
Pr?3ii'ent, by which it was intimated that, as the
d>it es now collected exceeded 20 per cent, distri-
bution could not take p'ace on the 1st of July, ac-
cording to their reading of the di' nbution act of
the extra sessian This, he maintained, was an er-
roneous construction of the act, which, he contend-
ed, looked to duties that snail hereafter be im-
posed The compromise act of 1833 continued the
dunes above 20 per cent, until the present period;
and, therefore, (here was nolhtrg inconsistent with
that act on the ground which had been taken. He
was at a loss to discover, then why this bill had
been returned io them. If the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands were distributed, he was satisfied it would
not change, to the amount of one farthing, the rate
of duty to be imposed by a tariff on any article.
He then en'ered m'o a learn-d dissertat on on the
origin of the veto power, and the reason for its
adoption and exercise.
Mr PROPFIT congratulated the House on the
calmne s which had marked the discussions of this
day, and which contrasted so much with the debate
of yesterday, when an example v as set by the older
and more experienced members of the House
which was calculated to prove pernicious to the
younger and more inexperienced members. It was
not his intention to occupy even the time which
the rules of the House allotted to him, but to
ofR-r a very few remarks on the veto pow-
er, and on the circumstances attending its re-
cent exercise; and he asked the gentlemen who cen-
ter d aaamst the veto to make a fair and palpable
issue before the people of ihe country, lhat the
question might be known and decided at the next
Presidential eleclion He was made aware—by a
paper some time since issued by a portion of this
House—that this question would be brought up
before the country. But be hoped it would not be
deemed unkind ia him, if he said that those gentle-
men were making the veto power unpopular, by
forcing upon the Presiden' bills which they knew
he could not sanction Was that their present ob-
ject? He trusted m God it was sou Eat really,
to the peopb of the country, who looked on these
things with an unjaundiced eye, it 'o appeared.
There was not a gentleman on this floor who did
not know that this veto would come, and if the
great tariff b 11, as it was called, should be passed
with the clause m it which it now contained in ref-
erence to distribution, they knew well what would
be its fate. Was there a gentleman on that floor
who did not know thai' [A voice cried ou': "We'll
! give it him "J They had the power to do it. [A
I vo ce "And we will do it."] He had no doubt
such was their ¡mention, But he (Mr. Prowit)
hoped wise and prudent counsels would prevail.
He hoped they would act with a proper regard for
the interests of the laborer, the farmer, the me-
chanic, and not, m a spirit of partisan warfare,
«¡end to the President measures which they knew
he could not sanction.
He did rot consider that they had now the pro-
priety of the veto power legitimately before them
on this bill, or whether it was originally placed in
the Constitution in a spirit of wisdom; but, if gen-
tlemen would argue it, they must be answered.
The Federalist gave reasons for that power, which
covered the whole ground, and, at the last Presi-
dential «'ection, General Harrison, on different oc-
casions, when (as was said) he addressed 20,000,
40 000 50,000—ay, even 100,000 people, declared
,n favor of this, as, in the language of Mr. Madi-
son, a conservative power to guard a.ainst hasty
legislation, and to pievent unjust and corrupt com-
binations in the Legislature.  With such principies,
