70a                                          CONGRESSIONAL GÜOBE.
aad the avowal of 'uch doctrines, the Whig party
took General Harrison; and his language bad been
quoted again and again; and by him (Mr. Psopfit)
that doctrine had been, and ever would be, ac-
knowledged and teceived. He went for the veto
pow«r as it now existed, without qualification, as
he believed it to be a power wisely intended and
calculated to produce good to the country.
There was no analogy between the state of things
here and in Great Britain; ana, therefore, gentle-
men erred when they pointed to England on this
subject. The veto power was not exercised in
England, they were told. Why, the minister never
intioduced a bill into the British Parliament with-
out an assurance that it would receive the royal
sanction.
But if a bill should pass the Commons House of
Parliament, in opposition to the wishes of the occu-
pant of the throne and ihe ministerial officers of the
Government, gentlemen forgot that, ere it could
reach the reignmg monarch, a creation of peers—
which was an unlimited power which the crown
possessed—could determine its fate in the other
House of Parliament. But, faitber! still the crown
had the power to prorogue the Parliament, which
was a power that did not exist in this couniry, nor
did the practice prevail here, as there, of a resigna-
tion of the ministry on a defeat of one of their
important measnres There was, then, no analogy;
and genilemen erred greatly in their reference to
the absence of the exercise of the veto power in
England.
lbe gentleman from Virginia [Mr Stuart] told
them that the people were opposed to the exercise
of the veto power by the President. Who was the
President ? The representative of the people. But
what was the state of things m this House? The
Whig party had there a majority «f forty, and jet
they could only, on some divisions oí ih s bill,
show a majority of four Why, it was evident,
then, that a large fraction of their own patty dis-
sented from the majority; and, in the Senate,
the proviso of this bill did not receive the vote
even of a majority of the Senators present, but
it was retained in the bill, because the motion
being to strike out, and the  votes being equal__
21 to 21—.the affirmative did not pievail And,
as the majority of this House differed amongst
themselves, was it not punible that they might
also differ from the peoplt? He knew 18 out of
26 States had expressed their opinions latelj, and
one branch of the Legislature ofoneot the States
which gave its support to General Harrison, had
declared that it would not receive us share ot >he
proceeds of the public lands. It was alleged, as
one cause of complaint, that the President had de-
ceived his party, and that he had not gone with his
mm- Wtrjr, had ¡he gentlemen forgotten that one
prominent ground taken by General Harrison, the r
great chief, was, that he would not be the President
of a party, but of the country'! And yet they com-
plained that the President would not be exclusively
the President of a party. They complained, too,
of the veto; but if ever a country required such a
power, it was this, in which was found every
vanety of climate, from one extreme to the other
with their varied and diversified interests Their
domestic ltiilitutions themselvs differed far as
the poles asunder, and, as the veto was originally
instituted to guard the inttrests of thepe-ple against
the acts or encroachments ot thtir select assem-
blies, so here also it was a conservative power, to
guard against the evil combination of varjmg'in-
terests for the accomplishment of particular de-
signs
He would say, boldly, that there never was a
Republic on the face of the earth that did not pos-
ses* the veto power. When Cromwell was raised
to the protectdate of England, that power was not
taken away from him, and it was exercised m
Holland under the De Witts There was, how
ever, he should say, one exception—and that was
the Repub'ic of Prance. That Republic passed
its laws-directly, wi hout any supervisory power,
and, he would ask gentlemen, what was the result'
Were tb. y governed with anything like the wis-
dom, intelligence, and patriotism which distin-
guished the government of Cromwell? No. On
m «tórary, they had all the power which the   |l
Whig party in Congress now wished to exercise.
A decree was sometimes passed in as short a time
as fifteen minutes, that forming the revolutionary
tribunal in seventeen minutes; and before a few
short weeks or months had passed over, the very
man who introduced it (Danton) fell under the
power he had given to others, without being per-
mitted to defend hnueif This was the effect of a
want of the veto power; and he would warn gen-
tlemen who were now so violently opposed to it,
that the time might come when tney would need it
There were important institutions of tne coumry
that were threatened with destruction, and which
this veto power might be needed to preserve.
What did they hear yesterday' Why, a gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. William Cost Johnson,]
one of ihe most talented and influential mem-
bers of the House, informed them that, before
the end of the session, he would introduce a bill to
provide foi the assumption of the debts of the
States. Sir, (said Mr P ) a combination of the
indebted Slates might pass such a bill at any mo-
ment; and, if I were President, I would not give up
the privilege of vetoing such a bill for all the glory
mortal man ever acquired. Mr. P. reviewed the
doctrine advanced by gentlemen on the oiher si le,
that the majority should govern. He denied the
tru h of that doctrine If the majority should
govern m all cases, why did the fraraers of ihe Con-
stitution interpose the qualified veto, and require
the sanction of two thirds to pass a measuie ob-
jected to by the Executive? Why does it require
two-thirds to expel a member, and why does it re
quire two-thirds to convict on a trial of impeach-
ment?
Gentlemen complained of the frequent use of
this power. Well, whose fau't was it that it was
used? ¡f they would send measures to the Execu-
tive that they knew he was conscientiojsly oppos
ed to, they must expect him to veto them Gentle-
men migiht compel him to use this power twenty
times in the course of the session, but it would not
be his fault if they compelled him to it. Great
complaints had been made because ihe President
filed, m the Department of State, his reasons for
s'gnmg the apportionment bill, and the matter had
been deemed of s,uch importance as to cail for the
appoimmeui of a select committee on the subject
Why, he had bem gravely sent for to go into the
select committee room to give his vote for sending
for that paper, which mi^ht have been, got in half
an hour, without all that trouble and parade, by
the passage of a simple rest lution calmg for it
However, Ihe President signed rne bill, and gentle-
men quarn lied with him lor it, and the next day
he vetoed ano>'ier,and tnej quarrelled with him for
that   So that, whether he appioye  or disapproves,
be is surejtp meet. wíúxJiuaí ««mm-----~~-----
The question now properly before us (said Mr
P) i*., will we sanction this bill, m tsvithbtandi g
the Piesident's objections? Tnis w.is the simple
question provided by the Constitution, and he re-
gretted that there had been so much debate as to
the propriety of the veto power Afttr some fur
ther remarks from Mr P —
Mr. LANE of Indiana addressed the House in
an animated and vehement censure of the Presi
dent's message He should not, he «aid, go into a
lengthy argument. Now was the time for voting
and acting, and not for talking. The issue was
now truly presented between the President of the
United States and the Representatives of the peo-
pe The Congiess of the United States, with a
sincere desire to provide (he ways and means for
carrying on the Government, had passed an act to
continue in force the pre-ent revenue laws for one
mont i, and the President, seeing fit to differ with
them, upnn mere ground* of expediency, had re-
turned that bill to the House which orginated it
wi,h his objections Then the question arose, In
whom was vested the right to carry out the reve-
nue measures of the Government?—in the Presi-
dent, or m the representatives of the people? The
bsne was not between ihe Congress of Ihe üm.ed
States and the President, it was between the Presi-
dent, who had proved recreant to every principle
of truth, honor, and morality, and that abused con-
stituency who had placed him id office. It was
well that ours was a law-lovmg, law-abiding peo-
p'e: it  was well that the constitutional and le-
gal security thrown around him was strengthened
by the peaceful disposition of the people.   In other
countries, a far Afferent spectacle would be pre-
sented    They would not have that calm, deliber-
ate diicussion which here follows an occasion of
this sort.   If, in England, a mere revenue meas-
ure, passed by the Parliament,  had been vetoed by
the Crown, the voice of an outraged people would
have been heard, in tones of thunder.   A most
stranae doctrine, he said, had been advanced, that
the President had interposed  between the people
and their representatives.   When and where was.
it that public libsr y had ever been cloven down by
its guardians, choten by the people?   Had it come
to this, that Congress could only  legislate in obe-
dience to the dictates of the President?   Disguise
the fact as you may, it comes to this—'hat, in a sim-
ple revenue bill, involving no violation of the Con-
s'ltution, the representatives of the people must be
controlled by the Executive  will     His colleague
[Mr. Piuffit] had told them that the P esidenthad
been forced iato hrs vetoes by the factious opposi-
tion in Congress     Where was this factious oppo-
sition? Who opposed every measure that the Whig
partv brought forward for the benefit of the country?
They had yielded again and again for the sake
of harmony; but had been unable to accomplish
anything, from  not having  the   Executive with
them     What right had the Whig party to sup-
pose that he would veto  this bill ?   Did he not
recommend the principle of  distribution at  the.
extia session?   Had he not again and again in the
Virginia Legislature declared  that the   revenue
arising from the public lands snouid be distributed
among tne S ates?   But how had they forced the
PieMdent to the exercise of the veto power? Where
wa ibu factious opposition of which the gentle-
man spoke?   To provide for carrying on the Gov-
errmeat, and tosavs the country irom disgrace,
a measure was brought forward continuing the
present tariff laws for one month  longer.   The
S-creiary of the Treasury had informed Congress
that after the 30th Jane, (this day) no revenue
could be collected by law, and they had the same
r pinion from a committee of this House    Now,
forsooth, Mr. Tyler had discovered that Congress
is wong; that the Secretary of the Treasury is
wrong, the Committee of Ways and Means is
wrong, and that he can get on very well without
any more legislation.   We are told (said Mr L )
in the book ot books, tbat Balaam's ass saw the
angel before his master, and perhaps Mr. Tyler
m sht see what Congress had not  been able to
discover     Mr. L next reviewed Ihe reasons given
by the President for returning the bill, and com-
niented with mnch-sei/ertíy-otrthcm.       —'      —
This was another instance of the overwhelming
strides of Sxeeu ive pover.   If the proud eagle of
Ameritan liberty should ever sink, it would be
cloven down by the sword of the Executive   When
the veto power was introduced, our forefathers did
net look to Rome, but to the English Bovernment
where the use of the veto was rare.    What should"
Congress now do 1   Vote millions, when the Presi-
dent refuses to allow a cent to be raised ?   No- but
let the people know th-it the President has annulled
the revenue laws, disbanded the army and navy,
and left the Government to shilt for itself.
He alluded to an excuse of the President for ve-
toing the bill—the circumstances of difficulties be-
tween us and a foreign country, which might lead
to a war. This was, indeed, a flimsy excuse; but,
in case a war did come, he pit,ed its condu.on un-
der such a captain and such a crew ' (Laughter )
The passage of this bill he regarded as the proud-
est act of tne Whigs since they came into power.
It might be called factious opposition to the Presi-
dent, but he thought tais was a cause m which all
patriots might unite. The platform of "resistance
to tyranny  was broad enough to rally upon The
President might look for support to his vetonal
eohorts, and the levellers of this country.
He contended that the whole object of the Presi-
dent looked to the succession; and he a>ked if the
honest Democrats of the country were willing to
•^render up all their principles merely for the
sake of making John Tyler President a second
term.   It was but lately that the President had
