wrr-     j       „        .....Wtti^-?.'"',  ......>..........    .       ■      —
a brif to extend the right of pre-emption to certain
^ttlers in the Territory of Iowa, with a special re-
port; wjjich was ordei ed to be printed
Mr S said this bill extended the right of pre-
emption to the settlers in the county of Dubuque,
in the Territory of Iowa, to lands covered by the
supposed Dubuque claim, which the report declares
to be invalid, reserving to the claimants, should
the claim ultimately prove otherwise, an equiva-
lent in an equal quantity of other pub'ic lands sub-
ject to private entry. Mr S satJ a majority of
the committee had concurred in the report and bill,
the minontv having dissented
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Agriculture,
to which had been referred the memorial of Joshua
Leavitt, asking Congress, in the revision of the
tanfflaw, to discriminate in favor of such nations
as will admit the produce of the United Siatps into
their ports free of duty, said that that committee
had instructed him to ask the Senate to have the
memorial printed. The question was put, and the
memorial was ordered to be primed
The memorial contains at least fifty tables cpfl-
nected with the subject, many of them of ¿feat
■value, and never printed in this country—yome of
them original.
It gives a history of the efforts in England for
the repeal of the corn laws, and sh/xvs the reasons
for believing that those efforts mdst soon be suc-
cessful. It then shows the ^Áeñts which this
country will derive from the^pemng of this trade,
and the certainty that no /her country can com-
pete with us. The resolves of the grain and pro-
viuon-growing sectioi  of the country are eluci-
dated in a variety of wajs
The effect of tb¿ coin laws m deranging Ihe
finances of Engird, and, through her, in embar-
rassing the commerce oí the world, is explained.
The necessity of purchasing wheat in the nearest
markets a' tne moment when prices are raised by
a short Wrve«t, leads to large importations from
the newest ports, Hamburg, Rotterdam, &c , where
few British goods are taken, and, consequently, the
pa/mems have to be made in specie, which at
pace produces a drain upon the Bank of England,
and compels the great regulator to regulate itsel',
}>y curtailing the discounts, so as to prevent Ihe
dram of specie. In the first n ne months of the
year 1839, no less than e'ght millions sterling of
bard cash were exported to pay for wheat. The
consequence was, thai the bank was only saved
by a large loan from the Bank of France. The
game proceas compels t^e fall of goods and slocks
to raise money, diminishes the facilities of business,
and cramps trade all over the world
In 1840, again, prices rose to 72s when upwards
"ot a million of qaartor . of wheat—eieht busnels
* to a quarter—were imported in a menth or two, tu
be paid for in specie Th* bank abndged the term
of bills discounted from 93 to 65 dajs S ocks
fell, and were sacrificed, goods fell, and were ex-
ported at a loss, and the whole market was un-
settled.
In 1841, again, the price of wheat rose rapidly
The duties fell from 20s 8<i, on the 6th August, to
U , on the 10th September. Nearly two mi'hons
of quarters of wheat were entered m the month of
September, of which 1,164 738 were imported in
that month; and the bank was again obliged to re-
sort to the most cautious management The
whole quantity of foreign wheat entered during the
year 1841 was 2 236,152 quarter , of which up
■wards of two millions, or 89i per cent, were en-
tered m the months of August and September, and
1,852,619 quarters, or 83 per cent., in a single
week, paying only a duty of Is per quarter. The
whole duty received on foreign wheat in the year
■was ¿£390 070, ot which the duty received in ihe
two monihs was but 33 per cent, and the duty in
the week specified was 24 ¡*er cent. Thus, 89 k per
cent, of the imports paid bat 33 per cent, of the
duty, and 83 per cent paid bat 24 per c nt.
The memorial has a calculation to show that the
retulls of ihe election irt 1841 are net to.be con-
sidered the voice of the people of England at all,
and therefore afford no evidence of a final deter-
mination m that coun'ry to adhere to ihe corn
laws. The resistered electors in Great Britain and
Ireland are 812,910, while the adult male popula-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Uon amounts to 5 812,276. This shows that only
every seventh man has any voice in the elections
As the vote is given viva voce, and not by ballot,
tenants dare not vote to displease their landlord".
Then, the apportionment of representation renders
the inequality still worse. Of the 658 members of
Parliament, a majority are elected by constituen-
cies having only 158,870 electors, or an average of
480 to each membei- that ii, a majority of Parlia-
ment represents one thirty-fifth part ot the adult
male population To call such an election an evi-
dence of the will of the people in favor of the corn
laws, is ridiculous
The influence of the corn laws in producing
general poverty among the people is illustrated in
a way that shows how far the cotton-growers of
this country may be interested in this question of
corn law repeal. From returns, it appears that the
quantity of cotlon-wool entered for consumption
in Endand, in 1841, was 156 000 bales l°ss than
in 1840, while the export of manufactured goods
was greater by 10 000,000 pounds yarn, and
90,000,000 yards cloth—showing a prodigious de-
crease oí home consumption, produced by the in-
ability of the peopie to buy goods. Among the ef-
fects of Sir Robert PeelN course on the subject of
the corn laws, the aiemo'ial describes the union
now being consummated between the anti-corn-
law parly and the universal «uffrage party, or be-
tween the middle classes (as they are called) and the
operatives Among the curious developments of
this conflict, a specimen is given of ihe addressts
which were auopted in some large towns, as Derby
and Southwark, congratulatory to the dueen on
the birth of the Prince of Wales
One of the most important portions of ihe me-
morial i^ Ihe full account given of the grain re-
sources of continental Europe, showing that those
countnts cannot meet the demand in England,
and that Ihey cinnot increase their products be-
yond Ihe increase of their own population The
facts on this subject are irmerous, and drawn
from the most authentic source'. They are ac
companied with much ew ous calculation in re
gard to the supplv of human food in different
countries. Tbeie i  also an account of the corn
laws of France and Holland, and of the markets
which might be opened for our provisions
The memorial concludes with paying Congress
to incorporate in the new tariff bill, should one
pass, a reduction of the duties one-third in favor
ot the producuons of anv country that will admit
our provisions duty free
Mr BERKIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to wh eh had been refeired Hou«e bills
for the relief of John Johnson, and for the relief
of Eh Wheat and Stephen White, reported them
Uü^k wi liout G-tta^ndrofnt
Mr CRAFTS, from the Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the motion to pnrt ih  re-
port from the Treasury Department covering the
proceedings of the commission instituted, under
President Harrison, lo examine the affa'r  touch-
ug ihe public buildings, reported adversely to ihe
printing of said report
Mr WOJDBURY said there was a call for the
expenses in ihe asgregve and in detail, mcur'ed
by that c< "vm ssion He th uipht thit part í f th 
repon, at lea t, should be pin ed, for money
should not be dnwn from the tieasjr/ urless the
people know what amount, and fo- what purpose
so drawn. Mr W wishtd to amend the report so
as to have th?t p?rt printed
The CHAIR did not think the moaon was in
order
Mr TAPPAN rmie some remarks on the pro-
priety and ,mp< rtance of printing that part of the
repoit at least
Mr. WOODBURY did not w.sh to am-nl the
report, lu^teid or doing that, he wished th° Senate,
instead of accepti ? th  lepo t, to pass a resolu-
tion that so much a  relates to the expenses ot the
com miss on be pnn'cd
Mr EVANS and Mr PHELP-i were under-
stood to be opposed to excepting anv part fron ihe
adverse report of the committee Mr P. thought
a resolution bad bettf-r be parsed calling foi a rt
poit, from toe department, of the expenses of h*
commission.
toa
Mr. WOODBURY said a resolution was passed
by the Senate for that object. -The resolution call-
ed for the amount of expenses in the aggregate and
in detail, and there w«s such a report among those
papers. All be wanted was to have that report
printed. The proper motion, therefore, was to re-
commit the report to the Committee on Printing,
with instructions to se'ect such part as related to
thf^expenses to be printed
Engrossed bill, entitled "An act respecting the
reorganization of the army, and for other pur-
poses," was read Ihe third time and passed.
Mr ARCHER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the joint reso-
lution from the Hou«e, authorizing the board es-
tablished to make rules for the navy, to appoint a
clerk, leported the same bick without amendment.
REVENUE AND HOME VALUATION.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that he would now
ask leave of ihe Senate to introduce two bills, of
which he gave notice yesterday. They both re-
lated to some doubts and imperfections supposed
by many to exist in the present revenue laws, and
the collection of duties under them. But neither
of them was a bill to raise revenue, and, therefore,
both could, in his opinion, originate rightfully in
the Senate. And as the day had arrived when the
country was exposed to much litigation and doubt
concerning the collection of duties, unremedied as
yet by any pew legislation instituted in the other
House, or perfected anywhere, he offered these bills
with a view at once to rtmove the difficulty. They
did not raise revenue either by imposing higher du-
ties or new outies. They imposed no tariff what-
ever, though (to remove doubt in continuing old
laws in force for assessing and collecting duties al-
ready imposed) the f rst bill expressly provided that
no higher duties should be enforced than what
were equivalent to 20 per cení , being the highest
now in force by other acte of .CoBgress.
The imposition of a duty *as the raising of rev-
enue. Tne mode of appraising imports, and col-
lecting the duties on them, was only the machinery
for the latter purpose Tbly were as distinct as a
right and the remedy for it Both of the bills,
therefore, could originate  ere as properly as a bill
to make more appraisers, or give a new form of ac-
tion, or prescribe a new rule of evidence in cases
connected wi h the cus'oms No such acts raised
the revenue, but tuereiy provided ways and means
for collecting what was raised by other provisions
of law. Suppo log the leave, then, to be granted:
the fiist bul, in its detail-., was such as to be merely
declaratory, to remove any exutmg doubts ahnut
other laws First, it enabled the treasury to col-
lect the 20 per cent, on ihe appraisal and value
provided tor in thp act of Tit's, 18S<> It ttins, for
the present, roi nd of any apprehended difficulty
from tie want ot any home valuation having been
yrt specisl'y established by Congress under the
compromise act
In the next place, it obviated ihe other objection
íaised under the compromise act—'hat even twenty
per cent, on certain artieie alluded to therein could
not be collected without some new iaw rp-enact-
im* (hat rate of duty, or declaring that rate of duty
on them lo be m force after the 30th of June,
1842.
On a former occasion he (Mr. W.) had ex-
pressed opinions on ihese maitrr , and deemed new
ieg;Siation prudent, though not mdisnen able. But,
(what was also very desirable, and the want of
which had created much tmoarrassrnent m the little
tariff act, now under the veto of the President,) the
proposed bill refrained from laising any question
concerning tne land distribution law, or its proviso
concerning revenue It avoided mingling a ques-
tion so Egitatmg and vexatious with the matter
of co^ecimg a sjppn«ed vnal doubt in the opera-
tion of the whole ievenue system Let us now ob-
viate the Utter alone, and as early as practicable,
and not connect with it another ques ion not ne-
cessary or inseparable
The difference to duty for a few weeks was of
no consequence, compared wiib the great object of
avoiding «ollifion about the lands, and abo about
the loss of the whole msome from imports.
If we did not, as soon as practicable, renounce
