JOB
readily give his vote for any measure that would
relieve the country from the extraordinary condi-
tion in which it was now placed. He thought he
expressed the sentiment of every gentleman present,
as he did most assuredly his own, when he declared
that he never, in the course of bis unimportant po-
litical life, looked with deeper or sadder solicitude
upon the condition of this country than he did
when be heard it gravely announced ia the Senate
that there was no revenue law in existence—no
law by which the Government could supply itself
with a single dollar of revenue to meet its ordinary
expenses, or maintain its existence. It seemed to
him that it was time to pause and consider. He
had for some time had apprehensions and forebo-
dings that the Government might almost be said to
be in progress of dissolution. He bad not been
without apprehension that, in the hands of the pres-
ent Administration, it might fall into ruin al-
together. They seemed, in truth, to be approach-
ing that catastrophe more rapidly than lie could
have anticipated. It certainly furnished a most
serious inducement to Senators to turn their atten-
tion gravely and seriously to the question, how.the
Government was to be extricated from its perilous
position. If there was ever an occasion when the
condition of the country demanded from them the
suppression of all mere party feeling, for the pur-
pose of making a united effoit for the pro-
tection and preservation of the Government,
it was the present. And yet, what was it they
had just heard from the Senator from Ohio?
They heard over again, not the thrice-told
tale, but th« hundred times repeated state-
ment, that «o long as the Democratic party bad
the administration of the Government, they
exercised it properly; to use the language of
the Senator from Ohio, it vegetated in their hands;
but now, the Senator declares it is a dead and
lifeless mass—a sheer hulk.
Sir, (continued Mr. Crittenden,) is there any
use in holding this sort of language?   What does
this sort of declamation amount lo?   What avails
this   exclamatory  patriotism,    this  exclamatory
statesmanship here?   Does it accomplish any thing?
No, Sir; it does worse than nothing; it serves but
to disturb and to prevent our undivided attention
being given to this great national subject; it serves
to divide and fritter away, upon little petty ob-
jects of party strife and party feeling, the atten-
tion  which is due  to the  pressing emergency
of the case before us.   And, besides, let me tell
the honorable gentleman that  it is a degree of
egotijm utterly inconsistent with that high sense
of propriety which the gentleman claims, to sup-
pose that the only capacity to govern is with them.
Sir, I make no claim ior the possession of extraor-
dinary capacity or ability by my party, or the gen-
tlemen who surround me here.   I am willing that
it shall be left to the country to judge; but I ask
the honorable gentleman if he feels that divinity of
ability and statesmanship which authorizes him to
say   "I am Sir Oracle; you, gentlemen, on the
other side, are totally incapable of administering
the affairs of Government,"   Is this the sort of
language to be used by grave Senators here?   Is
this a specimen of statesmanship, while he himself
seems to think that the Government is lying life-
Jess? is this the remedy?   A mere wordy display of
patriotism proposing nothing—doing nothing—but
running down and vilifying his political opponents;
and assuming to himself and to his friends, all the
while, the possession of all the capacity—all the
ability—to govern.   If this be true, the responsi-
bility is yours.   If you only have the capacity,
why have you not exercised it?   Why have you
not given fruitful and active evidence of your ca-
pacity?   No, sir; this is not the style in which this
great question is to be  met.    Whose fault is it?
Why, sir, lit us look at the immediate, the proxi-
mate cause.    We need not go far to find the visi.
ble, the palpable cause «f the lamentable condition
of the country.   We need only look back to the
veto of the present session. This is the cause which
prevents the possibility of accomplishing the ob-
jects most desirable,   standing, as we do, in the
midst of a complaining country.   Sir, the Govern-
ment is sick at heart; it is d.seased; the very heart
is diseased.   The disease acts upon the executive
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power, whose concurrence with the legislative
bodies is necessary to the dispensation of the Gov-
ernment. The Government, then, is weakened,
diseased, disordered, at the very heart, and we all
sicken nnder it.                                    ,
The heart of every man here fails him. What
is the cause of that condition of things which we
all deplore, and which the Senator from New
Hampshire is seeking the means of remedying?
Gentlemen say, why did you not legislate earlier?
It is as easy for me to say, and I might with equal
propriety say, why did you yourselves not legislate
at the last regular session? We did legislate early
enough to have prevented all mischievous conse-
quences. The very object of the bill which has
been vetoed was to adord a preventive. It was
a bill framed studiously; with an abatement—a
concession of opinion here and elsewhere; it
was so modified as to meet, as far as possible,
the wishes oí the Executive Magistrate; and
with what result?
Has it come to this? Must we ignobly seek
about to ascertain the wishes of the President, that
we may accommodate our legislation to the whims
and the caprice of an individual? Shall these
legislative bodies, instead of recording, in form of
law, their own wisdom, seek to mix up as much
of the Presidential will as will meet the Presiden-
tial favor? Such a course, if it were not in
some degree justified and extenuated by the
necessity of the anomalous position in which
we find ourselves, woold be deserving the sever-
est reprehension. The objects must, in some
degree, dignify the means; otherwise it would
be worthy to be spurned and held in the utmost
contempt. Yet, after all the admission and con-
cessions, and modifications to shape and square an
act for presidential approbation, it is sent back
with a veto. And the gen'leman says the veto
rests for its reason upon the opposition that was
given to the repeal of the land-distribution bill.
Gentlemen opposite were opposed to that bill, and
therefore they approved the veto.
Mr. President, I should be far from saying to my
associates in this body, with whom I happen to dif-
fer in political opinion, that, because the President
has vetoed that which they were in favor of, there-
fore they ought to vote differently. The majority
in Congress bad not the power to control the acts
of the Executive, nor could they counteract the
evil which, in some cases, might result from the
exercise of Presidential power. There were here
high questions involved—questions of far greater
consequence than the mere question as to whether
the land fund should remain in the public treasury,
or go into the treasuries of the Slates. This,
when considered by itself, is of consequence
enough. But there was here another question of
lar more enduring, and infinitely greater magni-
tude—namely, whether Congress shall be reduced to
a meie register of President!*! dtct/tes—of ¡he
Presidential will—or whet'ier, ah in older and bet-
ter times, it should be au hoi;orable,a dignified, and
an independent branch ot ibe 6¡o "eminent.
The President professes no constitutional scruples;
the bill, according 10 bis view, involves no other
question than that of expediency; and upon such a
question, contracted as it is within the smallest
space of time, and embracing the smallest amount
as regards revenue—being intended to continue the
existing law for one month only, until more ma-
ture legislation can be had,—yet, on the more isolat-
ed and circumscribed question of expediency, the
President undertakes to control the whole legisla-
tion upon the subject. I appeal to honorable gen-
tlemen to know whether we have not a trust to
perform—whether wenave not rights and privileges
to maintain—which are inconsistent with that
arbitrary power which it is the pleasure of the
President of the United States to exercise. We
can understand when tbe President says "theCon-
stitution forbids me. I have examined the sub-
ject, with a desire to conform to the legislation of
Congress; but I find myself incapable of doing
so, for my convictions are that your act is uncon-
stitutional." If this were the language of the Pres-
ident, we could easily understand him; but when
Íhe says "I do not consider it expedient that the bill
.should pass," I confess I cannot understand upon
what ground be proposes to justify this arbitrary pro-
ceeding; and when the question is one of vital con-
sequence, and the President throws himself upon tbe
absence of the constitutional right on the part of
Congress to pass the law, upon the same principle
as that which will induce a patriot to sacrifice him-
self for his country, we might understand him.
But, to interpose a veto upon the question of a day
—upon a point of expediency—upon a question
not of originating new laws, but of continuing the
old—implies au unlimited right never heretofore
viewed, recognised,' or acknowledged—as a right
belonging to the Presidential office, and which
never can be recognised without an infringement
of the rights and the dignity of this co-ordinate
branch of the Government. But if this power is
to be exercised upon every occasion—if this in-
strument, which tbe Constitution has suspended
over the legislation of tbe country, to be legiti-
mately and wisely exercised, is to be taken down
and used upon all petty occasions, and in reference
to all questions upon which the President chooses
to set up his judgment against tbe judgment of
Congress—it really reminds one of some little mid-
shipman who has just received his epaulet and his
little sword, and delights in perpetually drawing
forth that little sword, and playing the soldier.
Sir, I could endure it belter if it were in other hands.
If it were a Julius Csesar—a hero who had extend-
ed his conquests over the world—who presumed thus
to trample upon our rights; or, even if it were our
own overbearing but strong-minded Andrew Jack-
son, there would be some dignity to redeem the in-
solence. There might then be some apology, some
excuse. We would, at least, fall like men before
something high, something formidable. But-to b«
made to crawl beneath the legs of this little colos-
sus, and forced, from cay to day, to look up for his
will; asking, on every question, his weak pleasure,
and dreading his vetoes;—this, I confess, is a hu-
miliation which I can hardly find in my heart the
patience to endure.
I will endeavor, notwithstanding, so to shape my
own course as to meet the exigencies of the times;
and, for the sake of securing some degree of ben-
efit to the public interests, I am ready to submit
even to this tame legislation, which I would, under
other circumstances, consider the deepest degrada-
tion. I will endeavor, notwithstanding all these
circumstances, as far as in me lies, to save and
redeem the country.
I thank the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire for the disposition manifested by his
proposal to remedy the anomalous and almost
fatal condition to which (he country is reduced.
There is little doubt that the searching genius
of the President—the land bill out of the question—
would have found cause for vetoing the measure.
There was a great compromise act passed in 1833,
and in this bill, which is merely supplementary to
that act, our President, (whose all-pervading con-
science not only embraces all constitutional ques-
tions, but extends also to questions of expediency)
has adopted (be idea that it is an infringement of
that act. I have carefully examined this matter,
and, for the soul offme, I cannot discover in what
particular it is an infringement of the compromise
act, and I can see no sort of repugnance between
the act he has vetoed and the cempromise act.
There may be such repugnance, and I ought not to
set up a hasty opinion in opposition to the Presi-
dential wisdom which has been exercised with so
much care, no doubt, in determining upon tbe
veto. I hope, therefore, the proposition of the hon-
orable Senator will be permitted to lie upon the
table until to-morrow, for farther consideration; and
if I can bring my mind to believe that it is within
the constitutions! competency of the Senate to ori-
ginate a bill of this description, the honorable Sena-
tar shall receive my .most cordial cooperation.
Mr. C. concluded by making that motion.
Mr. WALKER hoped the Senator would with-
draw his motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN assented.
Mr. WALKER observed that the Senate was
now told that to-day the country is without any
revenue and without any laws by which it can be
raised. The consequence of such estate of things
was not confined to the Government alone, for the
