710
of du 10-, and when they might refuse to pay, on
thp ground that no doty existed;—a penod when
col ecur  m gb seize the goods of importers, and
whe-n i he courts might become embarrassed with
the fearful amount of litigation -which might ensue.
And the exercise of the veto power, tinder s>uch cir-
cumstaoc"-, had d m hndertaken by the President,
ard jaslifi.d by «t ne gentlemen on this floor. He
aiked the gentletLtn who had quoted from the
Federalist the occasions on which the exercise of
this power was justified, on which they based it. I
Had there been any "encroachment" on the power '
of one branch of the National Legislature by the
otn r branches? Was it because the bill was the
work of "faction?" Wou'd any gentleman avow
th«t? Was it vetoed on the ground of "precip-
itancy?" Or was it that it was dangerous to the
public good? He believed on none of these grounds
■would any gentleman venture to place it,—as, in-
deed, the President had not.
He then  briefly referred to the opinion of the
President, which bad received the countenance of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Coshino,]
that not a dollar of the land proceeds received in-
to the   treasury  from   January to July   should
be distributed, according to his construction ol the  i
distribution law, but if the P'esident thou'd under-
take to withhold that fund from distribution, he I
[Mr. Barnard] could conceive of no  act oí te- ,
memv which would equal that act of the President.
He concluded by observing that he had endeavor- '
ed to discover the reasons of the President for veto- J
ing this, bill, and he could find for it neither justifi- '
canon nor excuse; and he could only believe that  i
the President, m this and in other matters, either
from the suggestions of his own mind, or of some
"honest   lago,"   entertained   suspicions of   the
Whig majority in Congress, winch would not per-
mit him to read, as other men lead, even a plain
act of Congress
Mr. WHITE of Indiana next addressed the '
House, in a severe and earnest denunciation of the
President's message. He characterized it as con- ,
taming pointless reasoning, pointle.s satire, reck-
less assertions, and, above all, unblushing effron- '
lery. In reply to Mr. Cushino's remarks, he con-
tended that, after thts day, the Government could
Hot lawfully collect a single dollat from the cus-
toms, and the reason he gave for it was, that there
■was no law prescribing rules and regulations for
the home valuation ot foreign imports, while the
act oí 1833 declares that such valuation can only
he mads m pursuance of regulations "that may be
prescribed by law." Now he contended that no
regulations having been prescribed by law since
the act of 1833, no appraisement could be made of
foreign importations, and therefore no revenue
could be collected. He then went on to argue m
opposition to the message and to Mr. Cut>HiNa, that I
the President was bound to order Ihe distribution
a .¿long the States ot the proceeds of the public
tends tor the quarter ending on the 30th instant
After a lengthy argument for the purpose of show-
ing inc u'Msteney in the President, he referred to
the bill submitted by Mr Wfller of Ohio, the
morning after the v< to was received, and expressed
the opinion that it w«s frarael in consequence of a
consultation viih the Pie ident, and was, the result
of aDemocri-'ie caucus appealing lo Mr. Weller
if such were not the fa<-ts .tnd if he was not at the
President's the evening btioie
Mr WELLER replied that he was at the Presi-
dent's on the evening the velo was received, but lhat
lie had no cmver>-atio i with hmi either on that
subject or ¡n ¡elatioi to ,m> tariff bill That ihe
bill he suDnntted to th" Hois< the next morning,
was the r*\. üt oí íus o vn jiiugment, without con-
sultation v >h a.iy one, friend or foe, and that there
was no Dn> o' rd ic caucjs held, that he knew of,
on any sutj a'
Mr. WHITE then con'maed his remarks in re-
view of the message up to lb.-* expiration of his
hour.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia then obtained tae floor;
and, on his mo'ion,
The House adjourned.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"i.                      l                                                 -
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 2, 1842.
Mr EVANS, from the Committee en Finance,
to which had been referred a bill from the Hou«e,
making appropriations for the support of the Indian
department, and to fulfil treaty stipulations with
the Indians,  ieported the  same  back, without
amendment.
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was
Resolved, That a committee of three persons be appointed
by the President pro tern, to confer and contract with Professor
Espy for the ventilatien ol the Senate chamber
Messrs. Lin , Walker, and Berrien were ap-
pointed said committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of a
number of citizens of Pennsy vania, asking Con-
gress to create a stock of two hundred and fifty
million dollars, to be distributed among the States
and Territories, in the proportion of the number of
their representation, as the foundation for a sound
currency. The memorial was similar to a great
number already noticed. Mr. B. moved its refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested its reference to the
Committee on Retrenchment; but
The memorial was referred to the Finance Com-
mittee.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, in tavor of a pro-
tective tariff; which was referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition from Wil-
liam Baker, praying for the payment of fishing
bounty; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. YOUNGr presented a memorial from a
number of miners m Wisconsin Territory and in
the Stale of Illinois, remonstrating against the sale
of the lead-mines belonging to the United States,
and recommending the appointmsnt of a board of
commissioners to examine and ascertain what are
mineral lands The memorialists state that there
are great portions of lands reserved which are Hot
mineral lands, and that there had been a number
of sales of mineral lands for farming purposes; and
that there was great confusion.
Mr LINN made some remarks expressing his
disgust at the system the Government had pursued
in renting out those mineral lands. He was in fa-
vor of selling them
Messrs. YOUNG and McROBERTS remarked
that the renting of these lands had been very prof-
itable to the United States. Mr McR intimated
an intention to bring in a bill regulating the dispo-
sition of those lands.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands
Mr. BAGBY said it would be recollected that
he had a few days ago introduced a resolution
(which was laid on the table at the instance of
the chairman ot the Committee on Indian Affair--,
[Mr Morehbad,] instructing the Committee on
Indian Affairs to inquire «hat amount, in addition
to the contract price, John Ross had received for
removing the Cherokee Indians to the west of the
Mississippi. He (Mr. B ) said he had stated at
the time that the resolution had its origin in no mo-
tive of a private character, but on information en-
titled to credence, lhat John Ross had leceived up-
wards of half a million, for service^ purporting to
be for the removal of the Indians, more than the
contrsct price.
The CHAIR said it was not in order to debate
the resolution, it being on the table
Mr. BAGBY Then I move to take the ie«olu
'ion up, and on that motion demand the yeas and
nays, which were ordered
Mr. PHELPS said the chairman of the Com
mntee on Indian Affairs, on whose mc ion the
resolution was la.d on the table, was dettnrpd from
the Senate to-day,' he, therefore, suggested to the
honorable Senator from Alabamt the propriety of
suffeung the subject to he on the table till Mon-
day morning ' That Senator might wi.j to give
his views to the Senate on the resolution
Mr. BAGBY could not acquiesce in any further
delay; and he now gave notice that he would re-
new the motion from day today, until the resolution
was disposed of.
- *                                                                                                                                                   ' ■.............-' *—
The question was then put on the motion to take
the resolution ud, and decided in the negative—
yeas 16, nays 17, as follows:
\EAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Cuthbeit,
Tulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, temith of Connecticut, Tapnao,
Walker, Wilcox, Woodbndge, Woodbury and Young—16
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Crafts, Crittenden, Evans, Huntington, Mangum, Miller,
Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, and Tall
madge—17
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution,
which lies on the table, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Navy be instructed to
cause a scientific examination to be made of the second inven-
tion of Captain Easton to prevent the explosion of steam boil
ers, and report the resultof such examination to the Senate.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, after a few remarks on
the propriety of th® step, introduced a resolution,
which was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to submit
tf, the Senate so much of the reports and survey of the straits of
Detroit as will exhibit the impediments to the entrance of said
straits from Lake Brie, and also a copy of the report m ref
erence to the impedimenta to the navigation on Lake St
Clair
The resolution lies on the table one day, under
th« rule.
The bill to authorize Chirles M S'rader to im-
port, free of dunes, two iron steamboats, suited to
the navigation of Western waters, came up in its
order, but was, foi the present, on the motion of
Mr. BUCHANAN, laid on the table
The bill for the relief of Zachanah Jellison; and
House bill for the relief of Obed P. Lacy, were
considered m committee, reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motior/of Mr. PRESTON, the Senate re-
sumed|the ámsideration, as in committee of the
who!e,| of/the bill to refund the balance due to
Massachusetts, for disbursements during the late
war.   I I
The Iqlestion pending being the amendment of
Mr. TaMan, restricting the pay to such troops as
were aááally mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted SiaMs.
Mr. PRESTON, as chairman of the Mth'ary
Committee, bad given a good deal of attention to
this btibject, and had come te the conclusion that it
wss, at least, necessary to set it at rest, by a final
adjustment of the claim. He reyiewed the cir-
cumstances which, m 1816, had raised up a strong
prejudice against the claim, and he deduced from
this state of feetm; the impossibility of us having
heretofore had an impartial adjudication It was
reserved for calmer and more dispas íonate limes to
view the subject upon the simple grounds of right.
He entered into a minute history of the proceed-
ings of the State of Massachusetts on the subject,
up to 1828, the documenta of which amounted to
twelve folio volumes, when Congress consented to
enter into an investigation of the claim, and, by an
act passed in May, 1830, authorized the payment
of certain of those claims to the amount of
#430 000, designating the principles on which they
were to be settled, and opecitying the only three
cases to be recognised These were—1st Where
actupl invasion, or a well-founded apprehension of
invasion, warranted the calling out of the domestic
troops. 2d When the militia was called out by
fie Slates, and their services were subsequently
recoga H by the United States, and 31. Where
the militia was called out upon the requisition of
ihe P eMdent of the United Stales, or competent
au homy authorized by him. Thts act, he con-
ceived, defined (he claims, and to its principles all
«ubsrquent legs'ation was to be corfined. After
c nsidenng a prodigious ma^s of evidence, and,
under t> e chancellor's decree, the account bad
h en sta-d, Mr. Secretary Poinsett thereupon
- rue a balance due to f e State of Massachusetts,
Ccr h«  payment cf which,  this bill was framed
It proposes merely to carry out the former legis-
1 tto i of Congress, and he considered it just that
tins ta^nce should be paid. He belonged to the
' ar party at the lirrte, and whatever might have
b-en his prejudices ihen ae;am t tb¿ course of lhat
S<at>, he thought now, if punishment was due to
the State of Massachusetts, she had suffered enough
by Ihe long detention of her undoubted claims.
He was, therelore, in favor of passing the bill as
reported, that the samp rule should be applied to
her as to other States.
