tru -1'ufatin .1 - ......... ■!■ ■ i............    ■—-.
Mr. CRITTENDEN reviewed the circumstances,
from the foundation of the claim, till it came to
be reduced to $272,716 14. He was for deducting
the $45,539 66 charged for arms, leaving the claim
of the State untouched for her distributive share
of the arms of the United States. He would move
to make that deduction.
The CHAIR said the motion of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tapfan] was pending.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that his amend-
ment related to a preceding part of the bill; and
he would, therefore, suggest to the Senator from
Ohio the propriety of suspending his motion till
this amendment was disposed of.
Mr. TAPPAN agreed to suspend his motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to deduct
$45,539 66 from the assumed balance of $272,-
716 14.
Mr. BATES observed that the whole matter had
been considered by the Secretary of War, and, in
view of it, he had struck the balance as stated in
the bill; and he hoped the Senator would not de-
part from his decision. He reviewed the circum-
stances under which Congress had decided upon
passing the act of 1830, under which this balance
was ascertained. It was only an application of the
same rulé which had been applied to every other
State. If the balance was paid, the arms charged
at $45,000 could, if required, either be returned to
the United States, or retained by the State of Mas-
sachusetts, subject to the service of the United
States.
Mr. Crittekden's amendment was then adopted
—ayes 19, noes 10.
Mr. TAPPAN renewed his motion to add to the
bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no pait of the money herein appropriated
shall be paid for or on account of troops withheld by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Massachusetts from the service of the
United States.
Mr. CHOATE contended that such an amend-
ment was inadmissible, the law of 1830 having
decided that troops called out under a well-founded
apprehension of invasion should be paid by the
United States. Heretofore, all had admitted that
they were satisfied with the law of 1830; and the
only question could be, whether the present claim
was in accordance with that law? Both the law of
1832 and that of 1836 were declaratory of the prin-
ciple of the law of 1830; therefore, the amendment
now proposed by the Senator from Ohio was in-
applicable, or worse than inapplicable. There
was no allegation tar*. Mr. Poinsett, in adjusting
the balance, had made any error of account, or
disregarded any evidence. The Senator from Ohio
did not, he presumed, mean to set aside the law of
1830 by his amendment—for, if he did, he would
not have a vote for such a proposition in the
Senate ; but if he meant to interpret the law of
1830 in a manner different from the interpretation
given to it by Mr. Poinsett, it would then be a
mere questioa of opinion. Bat should not the
Senate consider Mr. Poinsett as competent to make
a correct interpretation of the law of 1830 as any
other individual?
Mr. TAPPAN did not think a correct interpre-
tation of the law of 1830 would authorize the pay-
ment, by the United States, of troops withheld
from the service of the United States. Bat as it
was argued there was that latitude in the law, to
render its meaning at least doubtful, the object of
his amendment was to set at rest that doubt, and
decide the matter according to the interpretation
which must have been intended by the law itself.
Mr. HUNTINGTON considered the matter re-
solved into one simple question, and he called the
attention of the Senate to it. It was, whether the
same rule was to bs applied to the State of Mas-
sachusetts as to every other State; or whether
another and a different law should be adopted.
The effect of this amendment would be, to send
back the accounts to the Secretary of War, for the
purpose of examining every claim, with a view of
ascertaining whether troops concerned in such
claim were or were not withheld from the service
of the United Slates.
Mr. KING was not disposed to be influsnced by
the circumstances which had excited so much pre-
judice in by-gone days. Ha would merely look
%o ihe three cases which the act of 1830 declared ,
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
should be the ruling principle. The Senator from
Connecticut was entirely mistaken in supposing
there was a disposition to apply to Massachusetts
a rule different from that applied to other States.
This, he showed, was not the case. The only in-
stances that could be brought within the rule
supposed by the Senator from Connecticut
were those of the State of Connecticut and the
State of Rhode Island; for he showed that
Georgia could not be included in that rule. And
if Connecticut and Rhode Island had got payment
under circumstances similar to those on which this
amendment was founded, they bad received what
they never should have received, and which should
never be acknowledged as a rule of precedent.
Mr. SEVIER conceived the amendment would
not have the effect the Senator from Ohio designed
it should have. For the whole amount of the
balance was to be paid over forthwith to the State
of Massachusetts; and that was the last Congress
would hear of the money. Massachusetts would
not feel itself under any obligation to make very
rigid inquiry as to the question whether the troops
were or were not withheld from the service of the
United Slates. Mr. Poinsett says, in his report,
he was governed by the same principles applied to
other Slates. Now he (Mr. S.) was satisfied to
abide by the law of 1830, and he understood the
objection of the Secretary of War was founded on
that act.
Mr. BATES called the attention of the Senator
from Arkan: as to the resolution of instruction to
the Secretary of War passed in 1832, desiring him
to examine the claims according to the principles
of the law of 1830. The report was made in con-
formity with those instructions; and, therefore, this
balance was struck under the authority of that
law.
Mr. LINN observed, that during the late war
some regiments refused to cross over into Canada,
on scruples of conscience; they were strict ab-
stractionists, be supposed. There were others who
refused to go from one State into another at the
requisition of the United States. Now, he thought
there ought to be some law specifying that troops
refusing to obey the requisition of ¡he United States
ought not to be paid by the United States.
Mr. YOUNG suggested an amendment to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tappan,] that no money for that portion of
the troops withheld should be paid to the State of
Massachusetts; because, if the State gets the money,
Congress his no further control over it.
Mr. TAPPAN accepted the modification.
The amendment as modified was then read; and,
the question on its adoption being taken by yeas
and nays, resulted in the negative—yeas 15, nays
20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Dagby, B*:nton, Buchanan, Fulton,
King, Linn, Mclloberts, Sevier, HmittU'f Connecticut, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Woodbi.ry, anil Young—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Batrow, Bates, Eayard, Choate,
Clayton, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Mangurn, Miller, More-
head, Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith of indiana, Sprague,
Tatlnaajge, White, and WoodbriJgc—20.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate;
and the amendment of ths committee was adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was subsequently read f\nd passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to take up the mo-
tion which, at h:s instance yesterday, wis laid on
the table till to-day. Hs alluded to the motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire to introduce the
two revenue bills
The CHAIR observed that the motion would
not be in order without suspending the general
orders.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he would be
glad to have the consent of the Senate to make the
motion, as it was at his instance the leave to intro-
duce the bills was suspended.
The CHAIR said the motion could be made by
general consent; but tV, bills were not yet printed.
The third reading of a bill on the general orders
was then announced.
Mr. WOODBURY asked what disposition had
bees made of the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to take up the motion of leave to introduce
the revenue bilk'. There need bs no delay on ac-
count of the bills not being printed, as the original
bills were on the table.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that there could be no
difficulty, as all the Senator from New Hampshire
had to do was to withdraw them from the table,
and offer them during the morning hour of the next
day of sitting.
The CHAIR observed that he understood from
the Secretary the bills were at the printer's. He
believed the correct decision was, that the morning
hour having passed by, it was not in order now, at
the time for proceeding with the general orders, to
entertain any motion properly belonging to the
morning hour.
It was suggested that it could be accomplished
by a motion to suspend all other business for that
purpose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he was ex-*
ceedingiy anxious, let the fate of the motion be
what it might, to redeem the obligation of courtesy
imposed upon him; and he would therefore make
the motion suggested.
The question was then taken on suspending the
general orders, and decided in the negative.
The following bills were then taken up, as in
committee of the whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; viz:
A bill for the relief of Elisha Bryson.
A bill to authorize the county commissioners of
Linn county, in the Territory of Iowa, to enter,
by legal subdivisions, a quarter section of laud
upon which the county seat of said county has
been located.
A bill to provide for the settlement of the bal-
ances due the Territory of %Visconsin.
A bill to confirm to the State of Indiana the
lands selected by her in lieu of the lands covered
by reservations in the treaties of 1837 and 1839
with the Miami Indians.
A bill to regulate the value fixed to the pound
sterling by the Treasury Department.
A bill for the relief of William R. Davis.
The following bills from the House were taken
up as in committee of the whole, considsred, re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing, viz:
An ast for the relief of Lieutenant John Kline.
An act for the relief of Francis Q. McCaniey.
An act for the relief of Peter Sky, an Onondaga
Indian; and
An act for the relief of Burnett Birdsall.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Hull, deceased, was taken up as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. TAPPAN said he was astonished that the
bill bad been introduced here. Hull was not only
a defaulter to the Government to a large amount,
which he never settled, but was a traitor. He was
opposed to its nassage.
Mr. CLAYTON said this was a bill to pay the
salary to which Hull was entitled while under ar-
rest. The Judiciary Committee had investigated
it as a legal question. The committee did cot be-
lieve the circumstances of his arrest should bar his
right to a salary, until he was dismissed from of-
fice.    He advocated the bill on this ground.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE advocated the passage of
the bill, and Messrs. KING, TAPPAN, and
WOODBURY opposed it; when,
On motion of Mr. KING, its further considera-
tion was postponed till to-morrow.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Campau wa8,
on motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, recommitted
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The bill for the relief of Boyd Reilly was taken
up, as in committee of the whole, and explained
by Mr. ARCHER; and having been opposed by
Mr. KING, was postponed for further considera-
tion.
The bill to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Michael Nourse was taken up, as in
committee of the whole. Its passage was advo-
cated by Messrs WALKER add BAYARD, and
opposed by Messrs. KING, WRIGHT, and BEN-
TON; when its further consideration was post-
poned till tomorrow.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, (Monday
being the 4th of July,) it was ordered th.U whea
