tice was due Jn the first place, he should call the
attention of the House to the act of 1833, com-
monly called the compromise act, because it was
part and parcel of the subject he was treating,
and because he entertained different opinions wth
regard to the meaning and intent of that law from
those expressed by gentlemen on this floor, and, in
some measure, he differed with the President him-
self in his construction of it The view that he
entertained of it was, that it was the great bond of
peace to this Union; that to disturb or violate it,
was an outrage that deserved the indignation of
the world; and that those who believed that the
preservation of that bond of union was essential to
the peace and harmony of the country were bound
by every principle of honor and of patriotism to
adhere to it
What were the circumstances that preceded it?
Did not every gentleman remember that, amid the
angry contests of that period, the Union was al-
most severed?   Did not every gentleman remem-
ber the jealousies and heart-burnings between  the
plundered on tne one side, and their oppressors on
the other—which had reached such a heigh' as to
carry alarm into the bosom of every patriot? Then
it was that Mr   Clay stepped forward with that
bill of peace, and accompanied it with a speech
in which he fully explained the principles on which
it was founded    Would gentlemen advert, for a
brief moment, to the principles of that compro
mise, as explained by their great leader, Mr Clay?
A high tariff existed—it was regarded by those who
did not participate in its benefits with deep abhor-
rence, and looked upon as lut'e short of plunder
In short, such was the determined spirit with which
it was opposed, that it was found to be impossible
to sustain it much longer, without endangering the
Union; and the question arose, whether some com-
promise could not be effected, by which the  oppo
nents of protection could be satisfied, without re-
linquishing it altogether    What were the terms of
compromise that were proposed and carried into
effect?   Why, that, through a course of nine years,
the existing duties should be gradually reduced un-
til brought down to 20 per cent, ad valorem.   Ev-
ery gentleman well recollected  that, and  they
would also recollect that there were serious ap
prehensions on  the  part  of   the  manufaetut-
ers   that   these terms   would   not  be   observed.
Did   gentlemen   not   remember  that,   in   1832,
President   Jackson  recommended   that   the   tar-
iff   should   be   reduced   to   a  revenue   stand-
ard?   And what did Mr   Clay  say?     Mr.   S
here quoted'sorae passages from Mr. Clay's speech
on presenting the compromise bill, in which he ex
pressed the opinion that the tariff was m imminent
danger—thai it  was at  the last gasp, and that,
without some liberal concessions to the  South, it
could not be preserved till the next session of Con-
gress    Some further extracts were quoted by  Mr
S from the same speech, showing the necessity of
passing theí>i'l, in order to preserve the peace and
harmony of the Union    Here, in tbe strongest
and most emphatic language, Mr. Clay declared
that the tariff was at the last gasp, and that it was
necessary for the mtere t of the manufacturers that
there should be a grpdual reduction of duties    The
gentlemen of the South, with unequalled generosity,
yielded to the terms proposed, and consented, with
the power in theirhands to allow the manufactuiers
the benefits of protection for nine jears longer, on
the condition of a gradual reducaon during that
period.  Now, he would inquire, in the language of
Mr Ciay,' Whd statesman would ever venture to
stand up before the countrv, end disturb this bond
of union'"   Yes, this wis the language of a man
when he had a b?rgain  to make, j et, after a few
years have elapsed, ard he is cilied on to comply
with the conditions upon wh eh it ras, made, he is
seeking to disturb it, and to vio'ate the sole rm con
tract guarantied by himself
He would now (Mr. S said) proceed to the con-
sideration of another part of the subject, *hicn
was the act of September, 1841, calle 1 the di tn-
bntion act What did that act say? vmh a view to
preserve the character of this Legislature, with a
■new to preserve the faith pledged m this compio
mise inviolate, it was provided m that act that
Whenever tt should be found necessary to raise the
C0N<H®ES§ieNAL GLOBE.
duties beyond 20 per cent, the distribution sbou'd
cease Then there were two acts of solemn legis
lation on which the faith of the Legislature was
equally pledged—the compromise act, passed under
the circumstances he had adverted to, and the dis-
tribution act, passed with that solemn and express
reservation for the purpose of preserving the fa'th
pledged in the firot It was conceded on pit han^s
that, withou* that proviso, the last-named act never
could have passed the Senate, and it was also con-
ceded tba', without it, it could not have received the
sanction of the President, and yet they raw gentle-
men, after having got these measures,5eekmg to vio-
late the solemn conditions on which they obtained
them.
They had heard gerflemen, who were m favor
of distribution, say to the manufacturing interests
that "unless yon hold on to the distribution, you
shall get no protection." He would ask gentle-
men if there was any principle of honor or moral-
ity that would justify -uch an outrageous violation
of the most solemn pledges ever entered into by
man. Under the circumstances he had explained,
this distribution bill was passed through tnis and
the other House, and sent to the President for his
signature. Mr S here adverted to the "race-
horse spe d" with which the measure was hurried
through, and observed that, notvithstanding the
pUub'ble reasons given by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means for this hurried
1-gi-lation, when sent to the Senate, it was suf-
fered to remain on the table for several dav?, in
order, as he supposed, that it mi¿ht be Das<ed at a
period so near the 30th June ihat the President
would feel himself under tbe necessity of sanct on
ing it The bill then went to the President under
circumstances which induced a belief that the
President was placed in such a s tna'ion as com
pelled him tn si n it, and hus vnlat  tne faith
he bad pledged in the co^proBiis*" act, as well is
commu an act contrary to his known and recorder"
opinions Tbis, bo vever, lik  many other at empts
that had been made to head Capiain Tiler, failed,
and he ret 'rned tr>e bill with h s veto. What were
the grounds on -which his objections were placed'
Mr ¡3 here went into a recapitulation ot the rea-
sons given by the President, in his veto me sage,
for returning the bill to the House in wh>ch it ongi
nated, explaining and commend  g on them as he
went on.
In relation to tne distribution act, Mr S said
that the President, who had been arraigned here as
in tavor of unqualified distribution, had expressly
declared that he would go for it only so far as that
it shou d not mttrfere witn the compromise act Jn
1841, when the distnbut on act was prtsented to
him for his signature, he did not hesitate to give
his a  ent to it, though he saw m the condition of
the treisury pood reasons for withhtlditg if, jet
he gave his absent t > it, because i coi tamed a pto-
viso 'hat the distribution was to be arrested the
moment the duties should be ra ed above twenty
per cent Now, wbe-i he was called upon to gwe
hi  assent to a bill involving a breach of toe co-n-
promis  act, and a breach of t1 e distribution act,
he would a k gentlemen if he was rot u ider a high
moral obligation to re ect it, which he co.. ia not we
havedisiegardtd
The conpromise act bad been observed in good
faith by ine party, whi'e the o  er ha3 reaned all
the benelits from it, but now that toe Soil h r/as to
receiie its ,hart of the s>dvi> u g^s 1 ell out by it,
gentlemen  eie anx ous to violate it, and arraignfd
the Pf^deut because le would ro as i  them in
do 04 so V/bat, i the dame of sei s , dii '• e
Suu h <=aiu bv tnit compromise, f i' \ as no' hat
ih' du its should be ultuiaH, biougn dona to a
revenue standard? Tre> ag¡ee<' to i hint to the
collection if duti-s nat the tr<-asurj ¡dml vani,
fortune xe«r , fci k,« sJ<e f the r ufact><rer-.,
on t"e erndi inn t! at, at the erd f th-t period, a
protective tit ff should ce *se They to-d Hie
mud  a bad bar*an without tbf' con J J , and
they v ootid not, without it, la.e agre 1 q the c^jj
prom se, when uiey had the power m tneir o\ n
hards to destroy protection altogether
Mr S then wtni on to explain bow tbe bi'l that
was vetoed by the Pres dent violated the et mpto
mise and the distribution acts-, and asked gentle-
713
men if they did not know it. They knew that the
distnoution act never could have parsed the Senate,
nor have received the sanction of the President,
without that proviso which they sought to íepeal.
He asked them how they could reconcile such a
s>stem of legislation to their consciences He was
startled at a proposition made by the gentleman,
.rom New York [Mr Granger ] He called upon
the manufacturing interest to stand firm by their
principles This was an appeal to selfish feelings
and interests, that he had not been accustomed to
in legislation
Mr GRANGER (by permission of Mr Smith)
explained what he had said It was, that, rather
than be driven from the ground he had taken, hy
Executive dictation, he called on tbe manufactur
ing interest to stand unon their arms, and exist as
they could exist under this glorious compromise
act, till the result should show who could stan4
the existing slate of things longest.
Mr W SMITH Then am I to understand that
the gentleman is willing to stand by the compro-
mise act*
Mr. GRANGER No, sir
Mr. W SMITH. Í confess, I don't understand
the gentleman I presume he understands him-
self Tne gentleman, then, did call on this manu-
facturing interest to stand to their arms—thus ap-
pealing to thtir selfish feelings m a manner alto-
gether ununited to legislation We came here
(«id Mr S ) to settle great questions, involving
the interests of the whole Union—not to legislate
fer selfibh or sectional mtf rests Bjtlhis was not
all the gen leman called on his friends to stand
by their principles He snould like to know what
ih-y were.
Mr G-R INGE 1 said his principes were these
he believed that the interest? of the country required
such a tanfT as would give pro ec'ioi to domestic
manufactures, under a ¡evrnue sufficient for the
economical wants of the Govt-rnmcnt His prin-
ciples were, that the public land* b !nngel to tbe
States of this Union, and not to t^e Fed-ral Gov-
ernment, and that their proc eds should long ago
have been distribu'e 1 to them T'h s, he said,
wou'd have preyenled the excesses of 1835.
Mr. SMITH Well, I have got the gentle-
man's principles, and what are they' Toe five
loaves «.no th- ^ven fishes—protection and dis-
tribu ion—plunder and d.vision. Mr S then re-
ferred to the avowal made by Mr Granos , that,
when Postmaster Gencril, he had dismissed sev-
enteen hundred postmas er°, and, if he had been
permitted to remain in onVe a year lorger, he
would have removed three thousand more—an
avowal v hich tne gentleman made with a degree
of chuckling satisfaction evin-mg a bloody spirit,
equal to that of Damon Marat, or Robcsp erre
Tois, too, coming from a member of a party which
cam  into powei nn't" the pledge of prot&tbmg
proscription1 After repelling, interns of indignation,
t imputation thrown outby another member from
New Yo'k, [Mr. Fil^mor ,] that the v to was the
resuH of a ooah ion between he P esidentand Lo-
cofocss, as he vas pleased o term them, M' S m-
qu ied of'he gentleman vhe her this imputation was
t irown out on any evidence to support it—or was
ü merely tne outpouring of disappointed spleen?
Th? gentleman, he remembered, commenc d his
ferrarte, by -avmg that he should tr-at the Presi-
dent ?rd his ne sage with all p oper íespect.
Now, was it tiea ing htm -\ ith proper re pect to
rh-rge htm with ai act in «ol ing we h ghest mor-
al turpi'iidc1
Mr FILLMORE rose to rui £- an explana* on.
Mr S I'TH said h- onl, inched *h" gentleman
to rpp } ;cs or lo o the question he psked Had
he a"> c /ide ce in support of tie charge, or  a^ it
t e re at' oiiy uf hi-, o'ti di pppoinlment and
sp een'i XV lira'ted time allotted hi n bt the rules
was too short to a"ow him to enter into a col-
kquy wuh t>>e gentleman, which he should other-
wi e be glad to do, and be should like, ¡>l*o, to
or pound a fev interrogatories to the ex Postmas
ter General Mr S then went on to rep y to the
remarks of hio colleague, [Mr Stuart 1 who took
the extraordinary grouud that the principle of dis
tnbution was contained in  the compromise act.
