714
This position of his colleague Mr S entered into
a refutation of
He then alluded to the fact, that, at the time the
compromioe act was passed, the treasury was over-
flowing, and possessed more money ¿han it was
known what to do with; and ths distribution of
the proceeds of ihe pubhe lands was known to be
but a temporary measure
He next alluded to the vetoes of General Wash-
ington, who, from his position, was capable of
judging of the intent with which the veto power
was conferred; and asserted that one of his vetoes
was simply on the ground of expediency, and not
on the ground of constitutionality But the wis-
t dom of General Washington was here rebuked by
the new lights which had sprung up to dazzle and
astorish them.
He (Mr. S ) regarded the ve'o power as one of
the most important powers conferred by the Fed-
eral Constitution, aad it was a remarkable fact,
that it had never been exercised without meeting
the approval of the people. It was a power cal-
culated to preserve public liberty, and the vitupeia
tion with which it was here assailed, it was worthy
of observation, came from die disappointed faction
which had been foiled in all their high aspiration".
But what was this veto power? Was it a legisla-
tive, executive, or judicial powe 1 If it was not
a legislative power, he knew not what it was It
was certainly not executive, nor was it judicial,
and per se it must be legislative
He prayed the House to bear with him while he
took occasion to state the relations which he bore
to the President of the United States, and, after a
few observations on this subject, he was cut short
by the expiration oí his allowed hour
Mr PVYNE slid the debate, which had been
carried on for ^vcral days, he regarded as the
most extraordinary debate wh ch  he bad   ever
heard m a deliberative body    1 he whole vooabu
lary of abuse «id anathemas, which it was p sta-
ble for the gentlemen to use who had taken tne op-
posite side of the question in regard U> this veto,
had been exhausted    The President had been de-
nounced r/uhout measure, and as though he had
committed some act oi  high treason, and if some
individual had been I ere from a distance, and had
heard thr d> bite as it progressed, lit-, first ímpies-
sion would have been, that the Pre  dent ot  tut
United Slates had comrmt'ed some flagitious act of
outrage, it not bor^eung on  treason     But That
"was the Hue state of the cas"?   Why, all these de
nunciations  had been  leveled at   the President,
simply becaus  he had discharged a duty, by ap-
plying a veto to a bill which had been passu] by
this body    And vhat ras thai bill?  And what did
it propose to do?    It proposed to rep°al the pro
viso of the bill at the last session, which said that
distribution should not take place when the duties
on imports exceeded 20 ptr cent    This was the
compromi e clause, without which that bill could
not have been passed    The President signed it on
that consider j ion, and now, because he desired
and was d<>!ermmed to carry out that bill, he was
denounced on this floor, and would, doubtless, be
denounced through the whole extent of the Union
Let him  tell gentlemen, however, who wished to
make politic!   capital <jt of this circumstance,
that (hey must bear m mind that the President had
thrown hioi'.eli on (h- siJe of t e people, and he
was determine 1  that   the  cou"i/ should  not  be
taxed for distribution amorj the S ates, and when-
ever a contest on thii point s oi>l< come—when
ever Ihe l^sue ehou'd be fairly made, and brought
before thepeopl , those who now revile him wouli
sink into insignificance, wm'e he would be eleva
ted highfr m the public esteem ps an horest pub
lie fonction-n     lí  I p  (Vfr   Pavst-)  were J->hn
Tyler, he would go before the people on that issue,
without arij. apprehension oí th° n suit
Had, ther, the Presiden t app'icd this veto roprop
erly? Had he disch?rgeJ any du y which d.d rot
properly ptnam to him as a public lune Hilary?
Look at the Constitution Tne Corstimtmn gave
him power to do it, and cniresslj deciaied, if he
does not approve a b 11, he shall veto it. Not on
constitaticn.il grounds—not on the ground of ex-
pediency—but simply on the ground of non ap-
proval.   It was an obligatory duty, and made so j.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the same Constitution as required him to sign a
bill if he approved it, and a Constitution wh ch he
had taken a solemn oath to support If, then, he
had disapproved the btll, and had not vetoed it, he
would have been sabject to the denunciations
which he bad received for discharging his duty,
and further, he would have been perjured in his
own estimation and before high Heaven And yet
he was denounced because he was unwilling to
neglect his duty, and to lay perjury on his soul.
Ths doctrine was monstrous, it was such a doctrine
as ought never to be urged in an American Con-
gress, but it was in perfect accordance with the ac
Hon of the Whig party. Something had been 'aid
of the principles of the Whig party, and some of
his friends had asked what they were, but nobody
had given them the slightest intimation He re-
membered that, in the contest of 1840, he asked
again and again what the principles of the party
were If he asked one of that party if he was in
favor of domestic manufactures, he was pointed to
a barrel of hard cider If he asked another if he
was in favor of internal improvement, he was
pointed to a log cabin If he asked a third if he
was in favor of some other doctrine, he was point-
ed to gourds, as the emblems of a particular clas«,
and if he a\ked a fourth if he was. in favor of pa-
per-money, he was pointed to coon skins, which
were regarded as a kind of circulation, as they
once were in the State of Frankland, now Tennes-
see.
But there were some principles which governed
that party One was proscription for opinion's
sake, and another was the proscription of proscrip-
tion. And what bad been the answer of the sen-
tleman on the other side' [Mr. Granger] Why,
he would proscribe all There was another doc-
trine, however, ior which he would give the Whig
party credit. It was change, cnange, change
Whenever they were met with arguments, and
driven irom their position, they cried out, " We
must have a change, we must have a change of
rulers, we must have a change of men " The
piactical development of their principles, however,
opened a new scene and a new question, the
' thange" which the^ wan'ed was a "change" of
the Government under which they lived The war
which they waged on this question was intended
to reach further than the President of ihe United
S ate*, who was also intended to be reached. The
Whig part) intended to reach the President, out
they also sought to change the constitution of the
country. He (Mr Pavxe) knew for whit this
debate was intended , he knew it was intended to
go ojt to the country, and he knew that the party
in the ascendency would endeavor to turn Ihe peo-
ple from fh" true question to the veto powr of Ihe
Piesident That was what they designed to do
they intended to make war on that, and, through
that, on th  constitution of the country, and ther .
fore they should be met by a discussion here of
this veto power, as one of the powers created by
the wisdom of our fathers The late Postmster
General ca'Ied upon his Whig friends to rally on
this question, and he would endeavor to bring
them to charge on the constitution ot the country
His (Mr FAYNr's) word or his opinion might be
worth little or nothing on this floor, but if it weie,
he would call on the Democratic party to stpnd
firm on th* battlements of the Constitution , and,
it tbev fell, to guard it with ramparts of their dead
corpses Rather man violate that sacred instru-
ment, he would lose every drop of the blood
wtiich animated his mortal frame
Suppose the opposite party successful in this
war on the Constitution, (for it was not a war
alone on J)hn Tyler,) what would be the conse-
quence? The Senile would be denounced, on the
ground taat it was not the representative of the
populai will If they were successful in the one
case the sime ground of success wouid exist in the
oth r. An' if taey were enabled t-< limit the Gov-
ernment to one branch of the legislative depart
mem, would they stay there' The judicial power
mus' be made to giv? wsiy to the tyrannical power,
and liberty itself would become prostnte before'
the hypocritical body that pretended to represent the
popular will The Executive, the Senate, and the
Judiciary destroyed, this body would have un-
disputed sway over the lives, liberties, and the
property of the whole people, and, oh God ' how
could any friend of his country contemp'ate such a
scene? Had popular frenzy ever turnei back in
its course? Never, in the history of all time, un-
til liberty was lost, and the most dreadful excesses
had been committed. That such would be the re-
sult of sucre s in this war of the Whig party
on the Constitution, he did not entertain a doubt.
It was unnecessary to go further than to the histo-
ry oí the French republic, and to the popular
frenzy and the excesses committed under the most
plausible pretexts, from which humanity shrank
back in consternation, for an example—a strik-
ing example—which that history afforded of a
government of one body And yet the same course
was being pursued here, which brought about such
calimitous results in France, and when that bloody
day should come, and those desolating scenes
should be enacted through this whole land, where
could be found a more appropriate presiding genius
than the gentleman from New York? [Mr Oban-
ger ] There was not one more appropriate, if
they were to believe the declarations which he had
made on this floor Heretics had been burned at
the stake for 'heir religion, and politicians were
sacrificed on the altar of party. Tee gentleman
from New York admitted that he had sacrificed
seventeen hundred, ?nd that if he had remained in
power but one year more, three thousand would
have been added to the bloody hit, to sate bis un-
feeling cruelty. It was in vaia to appeal to that
gentleman, for he would stand erect amidst the
rum which his own hand created, and calm while
, the blood of his victims trickled down from his
garments-, and soiled the chair on which he sat.
Hi  (Mr. P N) present object, however, was to
proclaim to the country the open avowal made
here by the gentlemen opposite. Let it go on the
four winds of the heavens, and he doubted not the
peo'i e would hurl from power the men who could
entertain such designs if, however, he was de-
ceived in hi , all was lost As yet, however, he
had an abiding confidence ¡n the people
Mr LANE made *ome observations in reply to
something which fell from Mi Smith of Virginia,
but he was not distinctly audible.
M- WATTERSON next obta.ned the floor, and
said he had not intended to make any remarks on
this subject, until he heaid the speech of his
colleague [Mr. Cardthers] je'terday morning,
a part of which required a reply. He had not
r sen for the pjrpo e of defending ihe present Ad-
ministration, or its head, *br whose acts neither him-
self nor his political f lends, either here or else-
where, were in the slightest degree responsible.
He knew it had been charged indirectly, if not
directly, that a coalition had been formed between
the President of the United States and the Demo-
cratic party in the Congress of the United Stales,
but it was needless to reply to such allegations
th re, whe-e every individual of both political par-
ties knew it to be untrue But he (Mr W ) now
spoke but for himself, and he intended lo speak
the same tntng at home amongst his constituents.
He had long since determined, and he never de-
termined otherwise than to support this Adminis-
tration wnenever he could do it consistently with
his own principles Whenever John Tyler came
on the Democratic track, he (Mr, W ) would not
g°t off it on that account, his course was onward
There were measures of this Administration of
which he heattily approved, and there were meas-
u es of which he heartily disapproved. He ap-
proved the two bank vetoes of the last session of
Congre s, and he approved the veto now on the
Speaker's table, and those acts of the President of
the United Slates he was ready to defend, here or
anywhere else farther loan that, he had not a word
to «ay
B it he was somewhat aston shed to hear his
co'league [Mr Caruthers] denounce the Presi-
dent of the Uni ed Stales as a faito'—and for
what' Because he had exercise 1 the veto power
on three occasions He (Mr W ) was surprised
to hesr the observations of bis colleague for
other reasons. In 1835, he served wnh his col-
league in the Legislature of Tennessee, and he
recollected perfectly well a speech which that gen-
