ne
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
zisz
than it had been for years—worth but one half of
what it was m 1840? Coujd the country, in this
respect, well be m a more deplorable situation?
He next spoke of the distribution law, and re-
ferred to the fact that, out of thirteen members
from Tennessee, eight (five Democrats and three
Whigs) voted against it. His Whig colleagues
who so voted, knew that they obeyed the wishes of
their constituents in so doing.
He had received a letter from a gentleman in
bis district, complaining of the bankrupt law, who
says that st was fastened on the country by the
Democrats of New York and Pennsylvania The
fact was, but two Democrats from New York, (and
they from the city,) and none from Pennsylvania,
voted for that measure It received but three De-
mocratic votes in the House, and four in the Sen-
ate^—three of whom were instructed
In his own State, the hostility to the bankrupt
law was general. Resolutions were passed alrnobt
unanimously by the Legislature in its condemna-
lion Thib was one of the ireasures of the extra
session, for all of whi-h he held the Whigs re pon-
sible.
He next referred to the cry made by the Whigs
in 1840, about the expenditures of the Government
under Mr. Van Buren. He showed that they had
not been reduced by the Whig Adminis'rauon, and
that the national debt was now $25,000,000, and
was still increasing at the rate of $1,000,000 a
month. In 1840, Mr Woodbury, Secretary of
the 1 reasury, was denounced throughout the coun-
try as a corrupt and an imbec.ie man How was
it now ? Even the Whig Senators constantly com-
plimented him on his fidelity and ability when in.
that department.
After touching on some other topic , (which the
lateness of the hour prevents us from inserting,)
he spoke of the elections winch bad taken place
since the exira session m 1841. He understood
that forty-one members of the present House, ac
cording to tnose elections, were misrepresenting their
constituents. If they were sticklers, tor public sen-
timent, he called on them to resign He recapitu-
lated the several States which bad derided in favor
of the Democra'ic cause . Mame, 250 majo l'y for
Harrison in 1840—now 11,000 Democratic ma-
jority! Maryland now G00 majouty, "ennsylvania,
which voted tor Harrison, now 20,000 Demociatic
majority, Ohio, which give 24 000 majority for
Harrison, now a Democratic K-'ajoi ty in both
bouses of the Legislature, Michigan \ ottd for Har-
rison—now almost unan'iiious thp other way, Indi-
ana, Which gave 13,000 foi Harrison, is now Dem-
ocratic, Georgia, which vacsd for Harrison by
some 8,000, is now Democratic. Th se S ates
gave 94 votes against Van Buren Add these io
the 60 which Mr Van Buren received, and it
makes 154 more than enough to have re e.ected
him—and this without faking into consideiation
Connecticut, and other S ates, winch voied against
him, but have s nc  changed.
After some further remaiks, Mr W concluded
Mr. HOWARD of Michigan then jot the floor,
and addressed the House in opposition to the veto
message, contending that the reasons assigned by
the President for let using to sign the bill were al o-
getber unwarrantel and unsatisfactory
Mi ARNOLD next too1; the fljor, and add'e-sed
th« House in a violent attack ox the whole course
of the Pre.?! ! nt nnee he came into oil ce, afrer
which, he reviewed the course of ihe Demociatic
party prior to, and since, the last proiit'entia! elec
uon—commenting on it *vith equal «even y
The delttr was con inued by Messts WiQE
and UNDERWOOD.
Mr. HUNTER then obtained the flow at half
past 5 o'clock, but he "ive wav to
Mr. TILLINGHAST, who moved that, when
the Hou^f" adjo  ns, it aljourn un'il Tuesday next.
Mr BO WINE ar 1 others wiled for th<* yeas and
nays, b t, after ? iew name-, were called, tne mo-
tion was wnhdia<<rn by general consent
Mr. HOPiUNo tLen mived an adjournment,
on which the ) eas and nays v'e called, and re-
sulted as follows: yeas 100, nays 91
The Hoase adjourned a (ew minu es before 6
o'clock, after a session of nearly eight hours dura-
tion.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTAETIVS.
Monday, June 4, 1842.
Mr. DEAN, from the Committee on the Terri-
tories, reported a bill to provide for the payment of
the Iowa militia called into service in December,
1839 The bill was read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
He also made a report from the same committee,
respecting the settlement of the claim of James
D. Doty; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr J. C. CLARK, from the select committee
directed to inquire what will be the expense of
printing the chart of the bar and bay of St. Joseph,
and the charts of Ship Island inlets., reported that
the expense of engraving, on stone, the usual num-
ber each of the said charts will be $880, and that
the committee had contracted With P. Haas to
lithograph them for that sum      '
Mr. MATHIOT, from the Committee on Revo
Intionary ClaimA reported a Aill for the relief of
Sarah Parker, which was read |wice,and committed
to the Committee 4f the Whotó House
THE VETO OFT^E PROVISIONAL TARIFF.
The House then.resumed the debate ou the Pres-
ident's veto of the püovis onal tariff.
Mr HUNTER Van entitled to the floor from
Saturday last, and *he commenced by observing
that the distribution bill |was passed at the ex-
tra session, with a clause introduced to provide
for its suspension when' the duties from imports
exceeded 20 per cent; and it was generally under-
stood at the time that such a proviso was necessary
to obtain for the bill the signature of the President
—a position which recent events had shown to be
well founded. At a late period of this session,
two bills were taken up—one from the Committee
of Ways and M"ans, and the other from the Com-
mittee on Manufacturer—each providing a perma-
nent tarifi, and each of these bills contemplated
raising the duties beyond 20 per cent, and the re-
peal ot the clause in the distribution bill to which
he had alluded Some fourteen or fifteen days be-
fore the 1st of July, the period at which «orne le
gislaiion was necessary to carry into effect the
compromise act, a little bill, which was now the
subject of discussion, was introduced and was pass-
ed under circumstances of great precipitancy, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
endeavoring to take it out of the Committee of the
Who'e on the very day on which it was introduced.
That bill contained a proviso which saved to the
Slates the distribution, although it suspended it for
one month, notwithstanding duimg that period, by
this law, the duties were to be raised above 20 per
cent, and under all the circumstances, it seemel
calculated to constrain the President to give it his
signature for the purpose of carrying on the Gov-
ernment But the President was in this position
if he s gned this bill, he agreed to the principle that
duties might be raised over twenty per cent, wml-
the proceeds of the public lands wpre distributed
amongst tne States, and it precluded him from veto-
írgthe larger bill, if it should pa*s, and thereby save
to the Federal treasury the proceeds of the public
lands And if he failed to assent to it, he was to
expect all the invective which he has since re-
ceived in this House
It was said that the President had returned the
l.il when there was not time to complete the com-
promise aft, that, by vetoing the bill, he had thrown
a doubt whether there was any provs'on for the
en ect on of duties at all, ar-J ne had done it pt a
u "e when it was impossible to make the necessary
provrao i On the o her hand, it must be remem-
beied that, if he had not vetoed this bill, he could
not have vetoed the other, and it might be said
"why, you ha\e not given us any notice " The bills
contained the same principle, and the President had
the alternative either to depart from this provision
altogethei, or to veto the bill which was sent to
him under such peeuliar circumstance* And it
must be remembered that ttip difficulties as lo time
were not of h s creation He (Mr H) knew not
if they origina ed in accident, or were designed to
compel the Pres dent to yield his scruples, but cer-
tainly it did net *eem to be a fa r principle of legis-
latini to attach to another principle one for raising
a large amount of revenue.   Of course, this veto
message was objected to, as was naturally expect-
ed, it was objected, to on the ground that the com-
promise act contemplated that the proceeds, of the
public lands should be alienated from the Federal
Government, and given to the States, and that jus-
tice to the manufacturers required it; and that it
was neither fair nor proper that the President
should unde.take to veto it on the ground of expe-
diency. Hib colleague, with great ingenuity and
ability, had contended hat the compromise act
contemplated the alienation of this land fund, and
that all the revenue should be collected from im-
ports, and, to sustain himself in that posiuon, he
referred to the history of cotemporaneous events
and to the compromise act itself. He had con-
tended that, if this were not so, there could not be
that stability in the tariff which was necessary for
the safety of the manufacturer. But when they
looked back to cotemporaneous events, was his
colleague right in the construction he had put upon
it? There were many there present who heard the
debates on the compromise act, and they knew
how promptly that assertion was met, when it was
made at the o'her end of the Capitol, by persons who
were parties to the compromise act—almost all of
whom declared it was the firs time they had heard
of such an understanding Bat if they looked at
the distribution bill, which was itself cotempora-
neous with the compromise act, they found a pro-
vision m it that it should cease m five years.
His colleague said it was understood to be a per-
manent measure, but it was fair to infer that it was
to be appropriated to the Federal expenses after
five years The customs and land both brought in
more thari*was necessary for the Government, and
the reductions by customs at first were slow ; but
when the duties became low, and it was manifest
they would not furnish enough to maintain the
General Government, the proceeds of the land
were simply lo be taken back in aid of the revenue.
But if his collepgue was r ght m his construction
of tje clause which provided that duties shall be
laid for tl\e purpose of furnishing sufficient money
for an economical administration of the Govern-
ment, the Government would be bound lo derive
its revenue wholly Irom customs And what were
the consequences of such a construction? It was
known that many believed that it was uncon-
stituuonal to distribute the proceeds of the lands;
and were they, then, entering into a contract which
they believed it was unconstitutional to execute?
But, if the revenue was to be raised wholly from
customs, they must abandon the post-office, which
produced some tnrea or four mil'ions—equal almost
to the public lands And would his colleague de-
clare that excise was also excluded by this provis-
ion? He asked his colleague if he believed it pos-
sible that this was intended to be a permanent law,
and if, through all the contingencies of even a
timo of peace, the lands were to be aliena'ed, and
all the revenue raised on import ' It seemed to
him (Mr H ) this construction would lead to such
consequences as woald manifest its absurdity. But
when they came to look at the nature of the act it-
self, they wot Id find there were none of those rea-
sons that would lead them to suppose those things
were contemplated. The gentleman said the
Northern manufacturer required it, because it was
necessary to secure stability in the tariff. Why,
the compromise act secured stability, by securing
duties up to 1842. Anl in relation to fluctuations
m the ¡evenue, the du íes were to remain up to a
certim period, whether there was excess or other-
wise They had seen both the revenue and theex-
penditures fluctuate ; and v-ith much more force
might his co'league say it was contemplated that
there stould be a public debt.
The honorable gentlemin examined minu'ely the
operation of a public debt on tne interest of the
manufacturer, and preceeded to «ay that there was
a clause m the compromise act, by wh ch it was
provided thai, al er 1842, taere should be no duties
beyond 20 per cent And bow coulr1 that be carried
out, if they aU-rated the receipts of the public tend?
He kne-v not what view they took of it, but he con-
ceived it to be the i í'erest of the manufacturer to
regain the proceeds oí the public land's, and to apply
them to the Federal expenses. And why? There
were m the bill two classes of free articles, one of
