720_______________________
to BERRIEN observed that the salary of the
United States district cottrt judge of Mississippi
was $2 S00
Mr WALKER said he would examine the law.
Mr. WOODBURY felt placed m such a portion
as to be obliged to press the justness of the claim
of New Hampshire to have the salary of the
United States district judge of that Slate put upon
the same footing as that proposed for Indiana
and Illinois, should this bill be persisted in, con-
trary to the reform and retrenchment resolutions
of the late Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
which he called to the recollection of the gentlemen
opposite.
Mr. TALLMADGE submitted a modification,
.    to add in ihe United S ates district ju¡3ge of Ohio.
Mr SMITH of Indiaia accepted the modifica-
tion.
Mr. KING observed that ihere could be no good
reason tor the increase in these particular rases,
that would not be applicable to every other United
Stales d strict judg —and some of ihem received
only $800 But be was in favor of waiting for a
proper time to take up tbe sabjeot When that
time came, he would throw no opposition in the
way of a proper adjustment He was aware that
the duties of the district judge of Mississippi were
enormous, and that he was. inadequately paid, but
he would prefer waiting until the condilion of the
Government and the treasury would authorize any
change. The course pursued this morning evinced
á disposition to congregate as many cases together
as will secure the bill, and show the zeal of individ-
uals to take care of their States. He would vote
for any preposition to get rid of the subject at
present.
Mr BARROW observed that the general sub-
ject had been very fully discussed, and he only
rose to correct two errors one in relation to the
necessity for increasing ihe taiary of the United
States district judge of Louisiana, and ihe o'her in
relation to the motive of that increase It was
idle to talk of extravagance, or the condition of the
treasury, when an absolute nece^si'y existed, even
if the treasury was bankrupt, (and he believed it
was pretty much in that .tate now,, and when the
testimony of the whoie bar of Louisiana is pro-
duced to stow that it is utterly impossible to get a
gentleman ot competent talent to accept of the of-
fice, there could be no excuse for Congiess refusing
to give such au mcrtaie of alary as would stcure
'he services of an adequate officer.
He entered into a imnuU rev.ew of the circum-
stances which had tendered this application from
the bar of New Orleans. He conceived it was Ihe
height of folly and extravagance in Congress to re-
fuse a necessary increase ot íalary for lhat officer
Mr WALKER, m reference to the observation'?
of tbe Senator trom Pennsylvania [Mr Buchanan]
in favor of retienchment and lefori , called upon
that Senator, as the treasury was too bankrupt to
admit of ad-quate payment for services performed,
to bring down the salary of the United Sta'es judge
of the eastern district of Pennsylvania to #2,000,
and malts that judge do the duties of both districts,
sbolibhmg lha office of western district of Penn-
sylvania For, if the judge of the United States
rfis ncl rou-t ot Rd ssi's ppi can ride 400 miles
twice a year, and lerfor.i stven times tae duty
of the district com s  t tnt S ate of Pennsylvania,
at a sa'ary of $2,000, ther* was no jast rea on why
the duties m the Sia ^ of Pennsylvania —so much
less—should not be performed for that saiary If
this was not done, he called npon him, f-om a
3en«e ot equal justice, to consent to the propos d
increase to the salary of th" judge of the district
court of Mississ- poi
Mr ALLEN s*id he thought they should be ex
Hemely cautious aboru incaasing salaries., for the
reason that, ai!hoiigh they might increase, th^y
touSd rare'y or nevt-r reduce alines It \vas
r> w tne s v n il 5 ei mee l - hid b en a uiernb -
of (Vieras « he be i « r i tnt daring a1! t~qi
t me th^re h?d rt du-i i ngeni'-iance of the '■■
duction oí th saary tí a puolic ofi„er M.ai/
cases had occurred iri \ i ch salaues had oeen in-
creased by'aw but not meot reduction
He had piesented to the Senate, some t me ago,
a memorial, signed by a large number of the mem
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bers of the bar of the State of Ohio, requesting
Congress to increase to double its present amount
the salary of the judge of the district court of that
State The memorial was- referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee, and that was ad that was c*jne
m relation to it. A bill had been brought up now
to increase the salaries of certain judicial officers
' m some of the States , and a motion had been
made to include the district judge of Ohio. He
(Mr A ) would vote against that motion, as he
should also vote against the balance of the bill
There was a manifest propriety in the remarks
of the Senator from Alabama, which went to il-
lustrate ths tendency there was to considers public
officer residing within a State as being so con-
nected with the rights and dignity and glory and
honor of the people of the Slate, as to make his
emolument the subject of S ate concernment; but,
in point cjf fact, this was not the case It was said
that, becau.e the judge of the district coult in
Michigan received fl,500 a year, the judge of
anothsr State must also receive 'hat sum But he
could as ure honorable Senator  that the people of
those Slates regarded the question with perfect in-
difference. They felt no inteiest whatever m the
matter Wuh respect to the judge of the State of
0*110, he had only to say that the duties of that of-
ficer, compared with those of the judges of tbe su-
preme court of that Slate, were very inconsidera-
ble. That court was hardly required to be in ses-
sion for three weeks during the whole year He
should be extremely sorry to suppose that it
was only a love of money tr-it induced a
man to seek a public station He had
supposed that there was something honorable—■
some principle of pride, which actuated men—
a principle higher and deeper than any mercenary
consideration which actuated men And his sup-
position, he still believed, accorded witti the fact.
Men of the most distinguished ability were often
the occupants of the worst paid offices, and >oey
sought those ornees for the purpose of attaching to
then-selves and their families the reputation of
having been attached to the admiaistration of pub-
lic affairs. And he considered it a perfectly laud-
able ambition, it kept wiihm proper Iiums In
the Slate of Ohio, they bad íound no difficulty m
procuring lawyer of the &m rank in their pro-
fess on to fill the situation of judge of tae district
court at the existing salary Tbe crcuit judge,
who received only $1,200 a year, had to perform
more labor, bodily as well as menial, than the judge
ofth' district court Tbs judges of the supreme court
also perform more actual labo1-, in travel, and re-
ceived but $1 500 a ¡ear He would venture to
say that the office ot judge of tne district court m
Ohio approached nearer to a sinecure man any
other office in the Republic He should, ft r these
reasons, vote against an increase of salary for the
judge of that State, as well a^ all others And he
should do so tor the additional reason, that the pub-
lic treasury was not ii> a condition to i¡icur the
burden of any additional expense, and f it the
farther connderation, that money was worth one-
third more now than when the salaries were origi-
nally fixed
Taey had never heard of a salary being reduced
because the cost of subsistence happened to be re-
duced Never. The movement was invariably an
upward movement. This being the case, he
thought Ihey ought to oe extremely cautious about
making any increase at the present period. He
would oppose an mciease m reterence to the j -¡dge
of hi o m Sta'e, a  well as of all ojiei? He did
n«t staad here as the representative of any indi.
v<duil, ihougi b happcripd 11 be a citizen ot his
o vn Sute, bt t of th* S a e itsel
r.ir SMITH of Indiana did not intend to say
an> moie on tbe subjeei, n>r won'd h  now snnd
up, ha ' it not been or some rfmarks •{ th° Ser-i 
ici )>-oai A >oam     He coa d assure tie honrra-
0 e Senator hat it t" nut m h ¿ry eil< ¿ i k> ac
ti 1 e ii e3 be ffi g>it obtain by the coarse ',e tror,
iti% he pcoepied tae iiociñcaüons «hi- i had ¡1  i
been ofieied to bis ameadm'" ), *n p oof of whice,
1 e referred to vis cour e for tb<>pa5t five yearst in
whuh he had a'way¡  repre'en'ed theks three States
—lad ana, Illinois, and Ohio—as standi' g on the
same ground on this subjeci    How, then, could
——'—......-■■•■...................■■■'     '■ ■ ,'"j  ■" "*
he have refused to accept the modification offered
by the Senators on the part of thee States? The
reasoa wby he did not at fiist propose to include
thtm in his amendment was, that he did not know
whether it would be agreeab'a to tbe Senators from
those States that he should do so, but when asked
by tbe Senators from Illinois an i New York to ac-
cept their modifications, he could do no less than
to accept them He would not vote for a partial
bill.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not expect to have occa-
sion to speak again on the subject. But the Sena-
tor from Mississippi had taken occasion to make
two speeches chiefly in reference to him and his
State, and he found himself obliged to say some-
thing in reply H s honorable friend from Missis,
sippi, in consequence of the goodness of his heart,
although anxious for retrenchment and reform in
the abstract, was carried away by his friendship
for individua1*, to argue against -the very principle
he should uphold without exception He (Mr. B.)
argued that, if the principle was once to be estab-
lished that thove officers on whom extraordinary
I labors fell, should be paid in proportion to their
labors, there would be no knowing where it was to
stop, for there would be applications on. that
ground, from every grade of officers in the public
service, from the junior clerks to the heads of de-
partments He bad himself refused to bring for-
ward the claim of his personal friend (the judge of
the western d.stnct of Pennsylvania) for an in-
crease of his salary, because he thought this was
not the time.
Mr. WALKER, m reply, called the recollection
of the Senator to his own zeal to continue the office
of commissary of purchases in Pennsylvania—the
salary of which would pay all the increase ask  d
for in this bill—aad, in consequence of the argu-
ments htonght forward by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania in faver of continuing that office, m the
coarse of which, he paraded no ¡ess than two thous-
and old ladies of Philadelphia so interestingly, that
he (Mr. W ) could not help giving him his vote,
Mr W. then enumerated many instances m proof
of his being a practical economist. He admitted
that the Senator was both an economist in the ab<
stract and m the practice Yet hé could not See
that it was inconsistent with a just rule of economy,
to admit of a salary sufficient to command efficient
talent, instead of a course of parsimony, which ne-
cessarily induced inefficient services.
Mr. ALLEN considered it perfect folly to stand
up and insist that the ¿uties of their district courts
were onerous, or inadequately paid He did not
believe the duties' oí the district court of Ohio con-
sumed more of the judge's time, throughout the
year, than three weeks, and for that length of ser-
vice, he insisted, a thousand dollars was a sum
amply sufficient.
He read Mr. Clay's retrenchment resolutions,
and asked, What was the use of such professions,
if not to be adhered to? He asked, Was not this
the time for retrenchment and reform? The gen-
tlemen and their friends did not consider the cry
of retrenchment and reform such senseless clamor
pending ihe Presidenlial election, but now they de-
clare it is—and the declaration will not be lost up-
on those who weie wrought upon by that cry He
was for the thing itself, and not for the mere pro-
fessions, and he now called upon them for the per-
formance
Mr. BATES observed there is one thina in which
we can economize, and that ib time Seven months
of the session are gone We have before us a
raleadar of eight folio pages of public and private
bills to be acted upon. Would it not be good
practical eco"omy to take tbe question upon this
b II wi'hout further debate?
Mr TALLMADGE held ih?t the proper rule
ougijt to be, rogtvs seen, compensation as mould
Moure competert la'ent in the office of judge of a
dis rift cou-t And as to Mr Clay's, resolutions,he
vould say ¡hey never had reference to the salaries
o judges considered nece sary tor the public ser-
vic They had reference to the general expenses
of (he Government, and in one of ihs House bills
of this ession, the retrenchment in the judiciary
department had already amo mted to one hundred
thousand dollars.
