Í22                                     ____'
object is to benefit commerce. It was the farmer
alene who asked no bounties, and whose industry
was the source from which the monopolists derived
their greatest profits.
So highly favored were these exclusive classes,
that some of the most important committees of the
House sere constituted for their benefit Thus
they had the Committee of Ways and Means,
whose duty it was to take charge of matters re-
lating to the currency; the Committee on Com-
merce and the Committee on Manufactures ap-
pointed, constituted to take care of the interests of
commerce and manufactures. Each of these
committees was ably filled with gentlemen zealous
in behalf of the interests- committed to their charge.
But he might be asked here, as he had been else-
where, was he not disposed to grant relief to the
treasury? was he not disposed to elevate the finan-
c al condition of the country? It was, therefore,
his intention to treat this subject in a financial
point of view. He was disposed to elevate the
financial condition of the country, and to replenish
the exhausted treasury. He would not do it, bow-
ever, by supporting such a system of bounties as
the gentleman who had just taken his seat advo-
cated, he was not prepared to lay such heavy bur-
dens on the producing classes, for the sake of giv-
ing protection to the manufacturing interest What
did that bill propose? To raise thirty million  on
imports, so as to give a net revenue of twenty-
seven and a half millions. He asked the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if this
was the sort of relief his party proposed to the
country before tfiey got into power It was
said by the friends of a national bank that the
country had decided in favor of it at the last
Presidential election ; but he would ask if it
had ever been pretended that a protective tariff
was made one of the issues? He would ask
Southern gentlemen, at least, if any such issue
was made before their constituents? Such was
not the mué, at least, in the State he came
from. Mr. S then read some extracts from a
speech m de during the Presidential contest, by the
late Secretary of the Navy, (Mir. Badger,) to show
that the question of the compromise was not one
of the issues submitted by either of the partus in
that Siate. In that speech, Mr. Badger deprecated
the disturbance of the compromise bill, and denied
that General Harrison, or any of bis friends, had
any purpose to interfere with it The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Afpleton] contended that
the compromise act was not binding, and, in doing
so, made a singular disclosuie, from which he cer-
tainly should not suppose that he was a Clay man.
He told you that the language held by Mr, Clay to
the maaufacturers, previous to introducing the com*
promise bill, was different from that used by him in
the speech he made in the Senate on that occasion,
and from which he(Mr.S.) read extracts yesterday.
The gentleman disclosed abo another singular
fact. Though Mr Clay had always been held up
as the great pacificator and friend of the manu-
facturing interest, the gentleman told you that the
compromise act was a compromise between the
Jackson men on the one side, and the nullifiers on
the other; and that the nullifiers sustained it to get
their heads out of the halter. It certainly was a
very smgu'ar way to get their heads out of the hal-
ter, according to the gentleman's version of the
story; for he contended that the compromise was a
surrender of the principle of prolection, and ibat
was what the nullifiers had all along been con-
tending for.
Mr S , m proceeding with his argument, noticed
that there were three bills presented for the purpose
of raising revenue—one by the Secretary of the
Treasury, one by the Committee of Ways and
Means,, «¡nd one by the Committee on Manufac-
tures, and, as far as he could judge, they all looked
the same way 11 favor of protection. Su far as
the South was coicerned, there was no more difiér-
enos between tfsem, than there was between Uncle
Toby's cocked hat and Uncle Toby's hat cocked
So far a* it was necessary to go for revenue, he
was willing to go, and to give such incidental pro-
tection to manufactures as could be given by a
revenue tariff, but he was not willing to vote a
high tariff for the sake of protection, nor was he
COMBRESSiONAL GLOBE.
willing to raise so large an amount of rev«nue as
would lead to extravagant expenditure
Mr. S then gave a succinct history of the differ-
ent tariff acts that have been passed since the year
1816, when the principle of protection was first
commenced, to the year 1828, when the (so called)
bill of abominations was passed At first, a pro-
tection of 25 oer cent, was deemed abundantly suf-
ficient; but at each succeeding year the demands
of the manufacturers increased; and they were
not satisfied until they got the tariff of 1828, which
drove the country almost to a state of madness,
and ended in the passage of the comprom.se bill.
In this last bill (although exceedingly onerous on
the agricultural interest) the South acquiesced, ur-
der the pledge that, after a certain number of
years, the principle of protection was to be
abandoned. The South had fulfilled its part
of the conditions, and the manufacturers
bad derived all the benefits from it ; but
now, when the former looked for their share
of its benefits, they were told that the com-
promise was no longer binding, and that protec-
tion must commence anew.
Mr. S then west into an argument to show the
inequality, the injustice, and the hardship of the
principle of protection. The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Pickens] told you tiat if you
pass this bill, and revenue is your object, you will
not succeed. Now, it should be his object to show
that, if you could raise this amount of twenty-seven
millions of revenue, you ought not to do it. Mr.
S then reviewed the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and showed the incon-
sistency of the former in proposing to take the ave-
rage of the expenditures of Mr Van Buren's ad-
ministration, after all the promises of economy and
reform that had been made by th¿ Whig party; af-
ter which, he glanced at the extraordinary expen-
ditures and the amount of debt incurred by this
party in the short time they had been m power. If
they should go on as they had begun, a revenue of
twenty-seven millions would not be near enough
for them. He had a statement, prepared by one
of the clerks, showing the amount of appropna
tions asked for by the Whig committees of this
Whig Congress. The amount was $32,743 669,
and this did not include the Senate bilk, nor the
bill providing indemnity for French spoliations prior
to 1800, which called for an appropriation of
$5,000 000. If this bill should be passed—and he
¿eared that it would—and Congress also parsed the
b'll appropriating some two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars to reward Gov. Sfrong for treache-
rously withholding the services of the Massachu-
setts militia, together with the bill to reward Gen.
Hull for his treason in surrendering the northwest-
ern army, this Whig Congress had only one reore
measure to pass, and that was the assumption of
the debts of the States; and if these measures would
not be enough to stamp it with everlasting infamy,
he did not know what else would do it.
Mr S. read from the report made by Alexander
Hamilton, to show that, even with his notions of
eigh protection, he did not propose such du'ies as
were proposed in this bilí.
He spoke of the humbugs practised by the
Whigs in 1840. There was the census humbug,
by which many people were made to believe that
the Democrats wished to tax the most trifling spe-
cies of property—and even the chickens and ducks '
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gcgqin] made
a speech lately, and exhibited, in glaring colors,
the beautiful effects which would have flowed from
the distribufon of the proceeds of the publ c lands
According to that gentleman, the rivers oí the
States would have been cleaned out, and her moun-
tains cut down. Yet  the land fund was but a
feather m the treasury, and must be dis'nbuted '
The people of his own State of North Carolina had
been made to believe that the General Goverament
had reaped rich benefits from the lands ceded by
the State. He stated the condition of the Union m
1790, in consequence of which the State of Ten-
nessee was incorporated out of the territory csded.
It was, however, a mistake to suppose that the
General Government had derived any profit from
j   this country, as not an acre was sold.
The expenditures of the administration of Mr.
Van Buren were another theme of abuse agamst the
Democratic party. How had the Whigs fulfilled
their promises of retrenchment and redaction? Had
not Ihs expenditures of the Government been in-
creased, and its receipts dim ar<hed? Mr. S. con-
cluded by exhibiting a number of statistics, showing
the receipts and expenditures during the past four
years.
Mr BIDLACK next obtained the floor, an
spoke for some time, but, owing to the distance at
which he stood from the desk, was very imperfect-
ly heard. He wat. understood to take the ground
that this question should not be treated in a party
light, and no party should claim its members as ad-
vocates of any exclusive system. Mr B referred
to the views of Messrs Brow of Tennessee and
Pickeks—part of which he disapproved and part
he approved. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Brown] he thought had put too low a value upon
the manufactures and inventions of American in-
genuity. He thought, on the contrary, that they
had advanced tae prosperity and greatness of
the country, *and gave, as an instance of the
ingenuity and skill of the mechanics of Pennsylva-
nia, the fact that they now supplied the railroads of
England with locomotives The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Pickens] was truly eloquent
in advocacy of free trade. This, he considered,
was a very good thing, if it could be carried into
practice. But, looking to the fact that the Govern-
ment must have revenue, he held the most proper
mode of raising it to be from duties on imports.
So far from free trade being the source, and light,
and life of civilization, as the gentleman from
South Caiolina had said, he contended, if such
were the fact, civilization had no source, light, or
life in this couniry, inasmuch as free trade did not
practically exist.
Mr. B. expressed his fixed determination *to go
for every measure tending to a reduction of the
expenses of the Government, and also for the res-
toration of the land fund to the treasury After
reducing the expenses as much as possible, 'he
amount of revenue then required would give inci-
dental protection. He was willing to vote for such
a tariff as would defray the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and believed that such a tariff would
afford adequate pretection. After some farther
remarks (too indistinctly h'ard to be reported) on
the general principles of the bill, he proceeded to dis-
cuss several of its details, and particularly the
duties imposed on iron and coal. He adduced a
mass of statistics to prove the position which hs
assumed—an increase of the duty on coal, and es-
timated by the ton, and not by measurement.
Mr. McKEON spoke his hour, during which
he opposed both the bills which bad been submit-
ted to the consideration of the committee. His
speech was mainly a mass of statistics, to which a
mere sketch would do injustice. He first went
through the estimated wants of the Government,
and then the various measures by which those
wantj were proposed to be supplied, and pointed
out the effects on various branches of industry
which they would inevitably produce. He neit,
with much minuteness of detail, explained to the
House the tariff measure of Sir Robert Peel, re-
cently introduced te the British Parliament, and
quoted largely from evidence taken by a commit-
tee of the House of Commons; from ail which he
argued that free trade was the true policy of this
country
Mr. JOSEPH R  INGERSOLL then addressed
tl e House in an ab e and argument?ti*e speech m
íáíor of the policy of protective duties, speakm<#
up to the expiration of his hour.                           °
Mr TRIPLETT, havug oltaired the d<vr
moved that the commutee rise, which motion was
carried.
Mr FILLMORE observed that the necessity for
speedily acting en the revenue bill would induce
him to ask the House to-morrow to adopt a resolu-
tion to take the bill out of commutee on Monday
next. He had another resolution which he should
also offer for the cons.deration of the House which
be would send up to be read at the Clerk's table
The resolution was read, to the effect that on"
Thursday next all general delate on the bill shall
