^se
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. C. then referred to the fact that intelligence
liad been received that the State of New Hamp-
shire (which he complimented as one of the most
patriotic in the Union) had determined to d sre-
gard the law, by refusing to district her territory.
He trrsted she wonld review her resolution, and
hereafter, as heretofore, continue to stand up in
defence of the Constitution and laws. Though
she might be opposed to the law, he hoped she
■would adopt such regulations as were necessary to
enable her to have Representatives in Congress,
duly elected under its piovisicns.
He replied to the objection that Congress could
not exercise part of its powar over the elections of
its members, without exercising the whole, by say-
ing that it would be as reasonable to contend that
Congress could exercise no power over the reve-
nue, because it did not exercise the whale which
was conferred on it by th* Constitution. Having
the power to discriminate, it could use it either in
whole or m part. This power he considered plain,
from several considerations, which he would name.
1st, from the language of toe Constitution; 2d,
from the proceedings ot the Federal Convention
which adopted the Constitution; 3d, from the pro-
ceedings of the States adopting that Constitution,
4tb, from the resolutions passed in seven oat of
thirteen of the State conventions, and, 5th, from the
manifest interpretation put upon the Constitution
by both its friends and its enemies. He would
not detain the House to read various extracts to
sustain this view, yet he could not refrain from
quoting the remarks of one of the most talented
and influential opponents of the Constitution—
Patrick Henry. In the Virginia convention Mr.
Henry said-
"The control given to Congress wilt totally destroy the end of
suffrage '    *                Tonga e^s wtohnvp a disci etionary
rontiolover flit tine, pi ice and manner of elections The
Repntentative* lie to ho elected, consequently, when and
win -e [lity pltise A3 to the time and placo gentlemen have
attempted uobviate the oljection, by saying that the time is to
happen once in two ytari>, and that the place is to be within a
paiticular district or in theie¡>pective counties But how will
they obvnte ¡he langei of referring the manner of election t)
CongressI' * * " ' The power ov« the manner admits of
the most dungeious latitude 7 key may modify it as they
please *
This exposition could neither be controverted nor
denied. Equally strong ground wns taken by ¡Mr
Madison—"loe father of the Constitution," as he
had been so appropriately called. Mr. Madison
said
"It wis found impossible to fix the time place, and mannerof
the election of Kepiesent-uiv s in the Tons notion itwasfomd
nece* iry to ¡raí e the regulation of these m the first place
to the ¿>l te Ooi nir cms Is bu i3 beu acquainted with the
situ men of tin-people, subject 10 the control of the Gepeial
Government n order to produce unifoimity and pieventits
own dissolution
It would thus be perceived that the object of
granting this power to Corgress was to produce
uniformity, and prevent a dissolution of ibe Union
That this power should nc be wantonly exercised,
all would admit He thought, however, that the
time had arrived when it should be exercised.
Already had six States adopted the general-ticket
system, ant), being thus enabled ti concentrate their
force on every question, the contagion would spread,
and other States, would have to adopt it as a mat
rer of «elf defence Thus the smaller States would
be, m the end, cnnrtj'y overwhelmed
Mr   C   t o ,i uded by expressing his regret that
an  tifjrt was i aking bythepre^, here and else-
where, to convince the public that this apportion
went b 'l was a party measure.    He trusted he
had s'jown, 'o th°   sau°faction of all, that it was
not p ss^d by a strict party vo'e     He hoped the
press in this city   wou'd be more discreet m speak-
ns of gtb.is b II, and no longer call it a mandamus,
when thp fact, r- he had endeavored to show, w?s,
fha  ¡t co lid not hav passed without ¡he aid of those
Democrats " ho voted in its favor     He hoped our
present s¿ =te,>iof government would long resolve in
harmony and ha w should witr-e s, under its be-
mzn mfluen'-p, thp return of mnny an amiversary
'"'ke that wbjcn had just parsed by.
*W> BO^TS then obtained the floor, and de-
nourced the action of the President on the appor-
norime-t m'l as most px'iaordinary, novel, highly
reprehen tb e, and calculated to excite a revolution-
ary and disorganizing spirit throughout the coun-
try.   He concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion, which was carried.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
fer the exposition of the President to the select
committee, with power to report what course was
proper to be adopted. This motion was carried
without a division
TERMINATION OF THE TARIFF DEBATE
Mr FILLMORE called up his resolution, sub-
mitted yesterday, for taking the general tariff bill
out of committee on Monday next.
After some conversational debate between
Messrs. FILLMORE, BTJRNELL, SMITH of
Virginia, WILLIAM COST JOHNSON, and the
SPEAKER,
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON moved to amend the
resolution, by inserting "Tuesday" next as the
day for temnnating the debate.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
The aye| and noes resulted as follows: ayes 88,
noes 104
So the motion to lay on the table did not pre-
vail.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr W C.
Johnson,] to strike out Monday, and insert Tues-
day, which was agreed to.
Mr ANDREWS then moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and, on taking the question,
The SPEAKER announced that the noes ap-
peared to have it
Mr ANDREWS called for a divmon
Mr. CLIFFORD called for tellers, which were
ordered: and they reported 78 in the affirmative,
and 96m the negative
So the motion to lay the resolution on the tat'e
was not carried
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolttion, on which,
Mr  ANDREWS called for the ayes and noes,
which wt re ordeied by tellers, and resulted as ioi
lows, ayes 98, noes 94
So that Tuesday next was fixed as the day on
which the bill shall be taken out of the Committee
of the Whole.
Mi FILLMORE then called up for considera-
tion his resolution to commence action on the de-
tails oí the bill on Thursday next
It was in the following terms
Resolved That when the Committee of the Whole pio
ceed to the consideration of the revenue bill No 472, on Thurs
day next, they sha 1 at once vote upon any pending" amend
ments and all general debate upon the bill shall ctase, until
all amendments which shall be proposed shall be voted upon,
and any member moving an amendment may give a brief ex
planation of the same, not exceeding ñíteen minutes and any
one membei may answer such explanation, piovided such an
swer shall not exceed ten minutes, when the vote on such
amendment shall be taken and the next amendment proposed
shall be considered in like manner until all are disposed of, or
until the tune limited for the debate to close shah have elapsed
but, after amendments are disposed of, nothing in this re0oiu
tion shall ptevent the geneial debate from going on, as usual
until the time limited for closing it
Mr. ATHERTON objected tn the reception of
the resolution.
Mr FILLMORE moved a suspens on of the
rules for its reception, on which the vote was
taken by tellers, as follows: 90 m the affiriaative,
and 64 in the negative, the 'ules were not, them-
fore, suspended, two thirds not voting in the afiir-
mative.                                         *
THE TARIFF. \
Mr FILLMORE rroved that ihet House resolve
l'self into Committee oi ihe Whole on ttte *tate of
theTJii on, which was agreed to, and Ml McKen-
nan took the chair                           \
The CHAIRMAN stated the quesW), which is
as follow.
When the committee rose on jes'erday, the sUle
of th-1 question was this The following item (No
l)of the bill being und r consideraban
' Be it enacted, A.e That from and ftei the 30th 'ay of Jum
next in lieu of the duties now imposed bv law on the articles
heremaftei mentioned and on such as miy now be exemf t
from duty there shall be lev ed, collected, and paid the follow
mg du ie^, thati^ osiy
First On wool manufacture the value whereof, at the
last port or place from whence exported to the United States
shall exceed eight cents per pound, shall be levied a duty of
thirly per cent ad valorem '
Mr. Saltonstau, had moved to strike out the
said item, and insert, in lieu thereof, a portion of
the bill reported from the Committee on Manufac-
tures
[Note —This motion embraced the whole of that bill, with
the following modification 
In the first item of the proposed amendment, the words
"thutieth day of July" were substituted for the words "thirtieth
day of June"                                 ,                          ,
An 1 the last section, which is in the following words, was
stricken out                                   ,
Sec 9 And beit further enacted, That if any person snail,
knowingly  nd wilfully, witn intent to defraud the revenue of
the united States, smuggle or clandes inely introduce into the
United States any goods, wares or merchandise subject to duty,
bylaw, and which should have been invoiced, without paying
or accounting for the duty, er shall make out or pass, or at
tempt to pass, through the custom house, any false, forged, or
fraudulent invoice, every such person his, her or their aiders
and abetters, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shall be liable to a fine or imprisonment, or
both, the fine not to exceed five thousand dollars, or the lm
prisonment two years ]
And the pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr Saltonstall.
Mr. TRIPLET! was entitled to the floor, and
he commenced by reminding the committee of the
fact that he had long since been prepared with an
amendment, which, if time permitted, he would
read, that it might be known, and that he might
then be afforded the assistance of gentlemen on
that floor. He mentioned this fact to show that he
had felt a deep interest m this question, and had,
therefore, turned his attention to its details, and
most sincerely he wi<had Congress to settle the
question whether they would discharge their duty
under the Constitution, and regula'e their com-
merce with foreign nations. He then went into
some historical statements showing the origin of
this power in the United State0, and next proceeded,
to contend that, although the balance of trade was
against us, we did not import more than we ex-
ported. On this subject a palpable mistake had
existed, for, wnh many, the terms were received
as sjnonymous, and this he elucidated by some
elaborate tabular statements.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia, after a few prelimi-
nary íemarks, observed that, not having time to
say all that he wished to *ay on this important
question, he would merely give the heads of the
subjects he should treat en, and which he would
fill op when he wrote out his speech. He should,
then, address the commute on matters incidental
to them; and this, he had no doubt, would be more
interesting to them than his more extended speech.
In the discussion ef this subject upon fair and just
principle , there arose the following considerations:
Fir^i, pnd foremost of all, m considering a revenue
b 1, the expenditures of the Government ought to
be considered He hould touch upon them as
they ought to be, and he should also touch upoa
them as the dominant pirty had made them He
should consider ihe «everal items of expenditure,
and the sum lota He should consider what they
ought to be, consrstectly with proper views of econ-
omy, and with regard to their effects upon the
country He should consider, then, the ways
and mtans that ought to be provided for, and
the mode of providing them He would fur-
ther consider li-e nubhc lands as a source of
revenue, ant1 the reast ns why indirect taxation
was preferred to direct taxation. He would con-
sider the principles of this bill, m a constitutional
point of view, and with regard to it? equity and
fairn-ss, together with its < p-rations on the differ-
ent interests and different sections of the country.
He would, secondly, enter into an examination of
us details, and how ¡hey operated on the different
interests and sections of the country He would
tocrch upon the po'^cy of adopting or rejecting the
bill, and m this part of his argument he wonld
show ihe reasons why certain pames on this floor
were for it, and why their opponents were against
it, and also why cer am leading politicians were for
and o h rs again t it In thu branch of hr  <ub-
jec, f r the purpose o' presenting what would be
in erestmg to his consul uen*=, he should present a
classification of «he mem' ers here, showing the
part s to whiuii'eybcLriged and also ¡h° char-
ter of their comt tu r,Cy n0W) (gaid Mr Ca
you have ¡he mam body of my speech, and I will
now take the liberty of toucning on the incidental
matters, which may possibly be more interesting to
the committee than the other.
