*s§
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Bis-
tnct of Columbia, reported a bill for the repavmg
and repairing of portions of Pennsylvania ave-
nue; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Joseph Morrison; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
to which the petition of General Hernandez and
Alexander Watson, and others, had been referred,
praying indemnity for loss of property, reported a
bill to provide for the settlement of such claims
and losses of properly by reason of its military oc-
cupancy, in the Territory of Florida; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the select committee
on the subject, reported a bill for the relief of
Henry M. Shreve, and to authorize the purchase
of his snag-boat; which was read, and ordered toa
second reading.
Mr. BAGBY asked the Senate to take up the
resolution submitted by him, instructing the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to investigate the allega-
tion that John Ross had received upwards of
$580,000 more than the contra t price for remov-
ing the Cherokee Indians west of the Mississippi.
Mr. MOREHEAD hoped not
Mr. BAYARD called the attention of the Sena'e
to the condition of the business of the District of
Columbia; which he wished considered to-day.
Mr. BAGBY demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to take up the resolution, which were
ordsred, and, the question being put, the resolu-
tion was taken up, by yeas 22, nays 10. It was
then read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in
structed to inquire what amount c f money, in addition to the
contract price, was pail to John Ross for the removal of the
Cheiokee Indnns to the west of tile Mississippi, and ibr what
additional services said a neunt, if any was paid, and that the
committee have power to send f>r persons and papéis and ic
port the lesult ol then inquiries to the btnate with the least
practicable delay
Mr. MOREHEAD gave it as his opinion that
the call should be made diroctly on the War De-
partment; for if the subject was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs for investigation, that
committee would call on the department for the
record, and Ihe info matron, therefore, that would
be obtained, would be the sane in both cases. He
moved to modify the resolution so as to make it a
call immediately on the Department of War.
Mr. BAGBY observed, that when he first pro-
posed the resolution, he had stated various, and, m
his mind, quite sufficient reasons,, for preferring an
investigation of the Senate committee to a report
from the Secretary of War.    He had stated dis-
tirctly that his informa ion was,, that John Ross
had received and appropriated to himself money
and property from the depaitment to the amount of
more than $580,000    Now his object was to as-
certain the íacts; and although it may, as the Sen-
ator from Kentucky wias to thiuk it will be, a
mere matter oí form to refer the matter for investi-
gation to the Committee on Indian Affairs—-since
that committee, alter all, will have to depend on
the Secretary of War for information; yet he could
not help thinking that the appropriate Sbannel of
investigation  was through  one of the  standing
commit'ees of Congress    The standing commit-
tees of the Senate are its proper organs ot" investi-
gation    The information they may   obtain, no
matter from whom, will enable them to report the
facts as they apjear to tbem, and the public will
have moie confidence in that report,  than  in the
statement of auy individual not subjected to their
inquiries.    He had no disposition to impose upon
the standing committees anv unnecessary or oner-
ous additu nal duty.   But it did appear to bim that,
when a cnarge is  made,  involving great fraud
somewhe e, m relation to a large amount of public
money—that money paid  by one of the depart-
ment, ps allege, on i   >wn re^ponsibih y—noth-
ing- could be more  proper thai  that ,t should be
in de ti>- sutj-ct of lnvtsiigaU-n through one of
the proper o'gin-. of this bo-iy—a ¡.landing com
ra'ttes     He could not feel satisfied with a direct
reference of ihe subject to the Secretary of War,
btcau.se it would be, as it were, asking him to fur-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nish proof against himself He would prefer that
the information and facts should be obtained in the
form he required. The report ot the committee, he
had no doubt, would be presented to the Senate in
a form to entitle it to consideration. If the facts
should be established as represented to him in the
information ho had received, it would turn out that
this man (John Ross,) had received §580,000 for
the Cherokee Indians, which has not been distribu-
ted to them The Government of the United
States, in the mean time, is charged with injustice
and oppression with regard to those Indians, and,
be asked, was it right for the Senate to stand by,
supinely, in the face of such charges, and allow
those poor Indians to pine in beggary and exile in
the Western States, awaiting the fulfilment of our
obligations, while this man (John Ross) "has, with
impunity, been allowed to appropriate to his own
use upwards of half a million of dollars, intended
for establishing them m comfort and independence?
Why should he be allowed to pocket such a sum
of money belonging to them, when the children of
those Indian! were crying in the wilderness for
bread? Surely the inquiry is a subject well wor-
thy of the investigation of a standing committee of
this body.
Mr B said this was a corruption to which the
last Secretary of War [Mr. Bell] was a party,
which he wished to investigate, and he did not
wish to make the present Secretary a witness
against the late Secretary. He hoped, therefore,
that the chairman of Indian Affairs [Mr More-
head] would withdraw his opposition to the reso-
lution in its original form.
Mr. SEVIER was aware that there had been a
great deal of controversy about this claim; and
fiat it had been before the two late Secretaries of
War,( Messrs Butler and Poinsett) both of whom, he
understood, had rejee'ed it 'JEYe claim had since
been more successfully referred to the department,
and theie allowed—he would not say without fur-
ther information, whether rightfully or not Enough,
however, had been  aid about it to authorize an
investigation, and he could not really see why
there should be any opposition to it He under-
stood that John Ross complained very much of in-
justice being done to him It would, therefore, ap-
pear that it was due to all paities concerned—not
only the Cherokee Indians and the War Depart-
ment, but to John Ross him eV—that a full inves-
tigation and explanation should be made.
Mr MOREHE4.D did not understand, when he
opposed the resolution, that it was a grave charge
of corruption which it was proposed to investigate
He did not understand before that there was any
impeachment of the Secretary of War But, upen
an imputation of that sort, he would certainly, as
one member of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
withdraw all objection. He withdrew the amend
ment, and the resolution was then adopted.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Indian Department was taken up as m com-
mittee of lh- whole, but, at the request of Messrs
MOREHEAD and SEVIER, was postponed tiU
to-morrow.
The bill further supplementary to an ?ct entitled
"An act to establish ihe judicial courts of the United
States," passed the 24th of September, 1789, was
read a third time, and the question bemg, "Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr WRIGHT demanded the )eas and nays,
wh'ch were ordered, and the question being put,
the bill was passed—yeas 20, najs 16, as fol-
lows
\E iS— Messrs Archei, Bates, Bayard, Beruen, Choate,
Clayton Cralts Crittenden, Evans ilunl.ni; on Manaum tier
i ck Miller, Potter, Presto , Simmons to ruth ot Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmalge and Woodbrid^e—20
ISAY^—Me,sis Allen Bagby Buiton, Buchanai. Calhouu'
Cutbbert, Fulton King, Seviei ¡smith of Connecticut, - ur
geon, lap[an, Wa k<n, Wilci x, Woonbury, and Wnght—16
[This fill provides that the Sup  me Court shall
ba/e pjwtr o regulate the praca"e < f the district
and tircu t courts in suilsit common law, < r in ad-
iii al y, -snd u eq uty, pending n sa tl conns, and
gives tull poi tr and authority to the Supreme
Cuurt to make and prescribe regulations to the dis-
*iiU, nd cirmit couits, as to the taxation and pay-
ment of costs, in all suits, and proceedings therein
and to tax costs, and provides that he district courts
of the United Stales shall have concurrent jurisdic-
tion with the circuit courts, over all crimes or
offences against the United States, the punishment
of wh ch is not capital ]                             ...
The following bills were then read the third
time and passed, viz
The bill to provide for the reports of the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the Uni.ed States.
House bill entitled An act to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for ihe relief of Chauncey Calhoun,"
passed March 3d, 1839.
The bill for the relief of Fidelia Stevens.
The bill for the relief of Elisha Burnett.
The bill for the relief of William Polk.
The bill to annex a part of the town of Tiverton,
in the State of Rhode Island, to the collection dis-
trict of Fall River, in the State of Massachusetts.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Brown well.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Munro.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Colonel Win. Piatt.
The bill for the relief of Beckford C. Matthews.
House bill entitled An act granting a pension to
Sarah   Decker,   widow of Samuel Decker,   de-
House till entitled An act in favor of Ellen
Turney.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Hul-
dah Farlow.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Clar-
issa Turney.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Es-
ther Parrott.
The bill for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner, of
The bill for the relief of J. K. Tefft, administra-
tor of Francis Didier Petit de Villers, deceased.
On motion of Mr BAYARD, all previous or-
ders of the day were postponed for the purpose of
taking up the bills relating to the District ol Co-
lumbia; when
The bid to establish an insane hospital in the
city of Washington was taken up as in commit-
tee of the whole. The bill was amended in seve-
ral particulars, at the instance of the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia, (Mr.
Bayard ) to the effect that, instead of erecting a
new bunding, the old jail should be appropri-
ated to that object; and, also, that I&e grounds con-
nected therewith, and attached to the new jail,
should be taken, enclosed, and beautified; and
$10,000 were appropriated to carry the bill into ef-
fect.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments concurred in, arid the question be-
ing, Sha 1 the bill be ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading'
Mr. WRIGHT said he did not oppose the ma-
turing of the bill, but he would now ask the Sen-
ate if it was ready to determine that they should erect
in the city of Washington a national almshouse.
When they began to mfke appropriations m this
District for the support of insane persons, it was
well recollected that, in less than one year, the
number of insane person* was more than doubled.
If a hospital for the insane should be erected in
this District, there was no doubt a would speedily
be filled; though he did not believe that such a
thing ever existed as the establishment of a hospi-
tal for the insane in a population such as this__of,
hs believed, not more than forty tbouoand. The
State of New York, with a population of two mil-
lions and a half, had but just completed her second
asylum; and the tso were quite as much as the
whole State required In the New England States,
one for each State was considered altogether an ex-
cess And he thought, therefore, it was highly im-
proper, unwise, and inexpedient, to commence the
erec.ion of a great national institution of this
kind
Mr BAYARD said tbe matter had been often
deba'ed, and he believed the necessity for such an
eslab'chineot was qune ppparent. There were a
nuttiVr of insane persons cor fined it) the jail of
this District, because there was no suitable place
for their reception. It was not intended that H
should be a national establishment. The whole
cost would not exceed $10,000—a less sum than
[ would be required for the support oí tbe ínsaae
