730
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tution to authorize the second part of the bill; bat he
pointed to a constructive power—that of making
laws to carry out enumerated powers. Where, in
the Constitution, did he find the enumerated power
to be carried out by this la ? He says tbe power
arises out of the law of nations, by the obligations
imposed upon the United States as a nation. He
(Mr W) showed, by argument, at considerable
length, ¡bat ibis position could not be maintained.
It would be going beyond anything ever assumed by
Alexander Hamilton, because it would be assuming
that powers not enumerated by the Constitution
might be derived from the law of nations. The
true issue was, to whom belonged the rights recog-
nised by the law of nations? To whom, but to the
sovereign States themselves? for the Constitution
could not confer such rights, any more than it could
take them away; and tbe States never parted with
any of their authority or rights but those specifical-
ly enumerated m the Constitution
Mr BERRIEN said a few words in explanation
of his vote on the amendment.
The qa *stion was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and resulted in the affirmative—
yeas 21, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Conrad, Cnttenden, Cuthbert, Tulton, King, Man
gum, Preston, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith oflndiana,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Wilcox Wn^ht  and Young—2'
NAYS—Messrs Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate, Chyton,
Crafts, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Merrick,
Miller, Porter, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge
IS
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the next amend-
ment (in the 27ib line) related to the second part
of the bill, being to strike out the words "law of
nations."
The CHAIR faid that the question would be
taken on the first of these proposition?.
Mr. BERRIEN confined himself to tbe proposi-
tion to sink  out the "law ot nations" and pointed
out that the "i-mction" of a foreign soveieignly
could not grow out of anything bat tbe law ol na-
tions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not concur with the
chairnjSn of  the Judiciary Committee  that  the
words "under the law of nations" were at a'l  c
cessary; they could only tend to embarrass the sub-
ject.  It would be sufficient for tbo accused to show
to the court that he acted under  the authority or
sanction of his snvi ignty    It seemed to him'hit
the tevws "und-r Ihe la v of nauons" would limn
tbe rights oí ¡rip accused, and could have no bene-
ficial effect.
The amendment wao rejected—ayes 18 noes 20
Mr. PRESTON moved to amend the bill m the
25th line,  by sinking out "the validity and effect
ot which depend upon the law oí nations "
Mr. BERRIEN considered this amendment mors
objectionable than the one just rejecud. If ¡hi-.
phrase be now stricken out, a great difcculty may
arise Suppose a spy -hows the,authonty of hi->
sovereign? Is he to get the benefit of it, contrary
to the law of nations?
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought the amendment
ought to prevail. The c'ass of cases i« stated to
which it dpp'ics The judge is to consider the
facts, and decide upon them according to tbe laws,
and he will do so in full v cm of the laws of na-
tions, for be must me'ut't hem, as well ?s th-" mu
nicip-.i laws lZ\ch pou  try h-^ a right i0 d°f i 
ioritse'fv'i t shall be lb J Ji v i, vn ions bir leg
upon .t, and he would not git e a judge <iu hority t
go be) end wnat Congr ss may detine to b> i'ie law
of nations
Mr BERRIEN was v ry s-iry this b 1) bad nr>
had the deliberate consideration of t  e Senator
from ÍC'Pt "''v befaus  t>e was satisfied, if i hal,
he would be of a different opinion. He (Mr B J
had given it lis most nature deliberation, a id hf
was perfectly stt i fi d t! e phrases excepted J^ainst
werr  essential Her-rikrcd w'o elibo.at. argj-
mentsto prove tin-,
Mr HUNTINGTON •'ad a  inpte   -nrd  0 <=v
If wg«, in en "', that  ha  d s-pp oved  of  ••luV r<:
out a ¡-hrast. tna  s<r?s  a t<~ i 'c** ex Abundant' can
tela
Mr. PRESTON contended Ih t Vnn autn n i "
required tobe «hown should be jn «oiformi v vais
the law of na ions, and cold no., sanction anyfnnr,
sonwary to then), but he was opposed to ih,¡> mode
of adopting tbe law of nations m general terms,
leading to a wilderness of undefinable legislation
The question, then, was taken on the amend
ment, and it was rejected—ayes 17, noes 21
Mr PRESTON asked if it was competent to
propo.se an amendment mUuding his former
amendmsm?—it was, to strike out from the word
"omitted," m the twenty-first line, to the word
"or," m the twenty-third line.
The CHAIR thought it was m order.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that it was the same
question, as admifced by tbe Sonator.
Mr. KING remarked that it was competent to
move to strike out any portion of the bill, though
including a former decision.
The CHAIR remarked that it came within the
rule.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that it would take
away the wilderness of jurisdiction consequent up-
on enacting the law of nations as part of the code
of the United States
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested that, as the ob
ject was merely to record the yeas and nays, the
whole difficulty could be met by some gentleman
who bad voted against the amendment to move a
reconsideration.
Mr. MERRICK, to accommodate the gentle-
man, would move a reconsideration.
Mr. PRESTON having withdrawn his motion,
The Senate, oa motion of Mr. MERRICK,
agreed to reconsider the vote on the amendment;
and the question recurred on Mr. Pbeston's
second amendment, to strike out the words "under
the law of nations," on which the yeas and nays
were called, and it resulted yeas 21, nays 20, as
follows
YLAS—Messis Alten Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cnttenden Cuthbert, I ulton, King Mangum, Preston, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith oí Indiana, sturgeon, Tappan,
WaJkei, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
N\Y¡s—Messis Bites, Uayard Beirien, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad (rails Dayton Evans- Gialum, Iluntmgto.i Keir,
Meruck, Miller Porter, Simmons, Sprague, tallmadge, White,
and Woodbiidge—20
So tut. amendment, on reconsideration, was
adopted.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting in the 91st line, after the word " act, ' Ihe
woids "during a period of war with such foreign
sta'e, and in prostoulion of such wai "
Mr W said he would barely state (hat this
amendment confines the operations of the bill to
the very class of cases cpt,cifi d by Mr. Mad>son
in the Virginia rfport. Ir the McLeod case was a
case arising while a war was pending between
Gieat Biitain and the United Slates, it would then
come within the cases put by Mr. Madison; if not
a case of war pendirg, then he had bo right to
claim exemption under ¡he law of nations. He
demanded the yeas and nays on the amendment;
which were ordered.
Tne question was then put, and the amendment
was rejected by yeas 17, nays 25, as follows:
\EAS—Messis Allen, Ba^by, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cutlibut, Tulton, King, Sevier, fcmith of Connecticut, Stur
ffcon Tarpm, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wright, and
i oung—17
ftAYiS—Uessis Archer, Bites, Bayaid, Beruen, Choate,
( layton, Comdd, Ciaft., Crittenden Dayton Ivans Gtahat i,
Huntington Kerr Mingum, Merrick Mi'lei Portel, Pieston,
isimmous, Smith of Indiana, fcprague, Tallmadge, White, a id
Woodbridge—25
Mr PRESTON, for the purpose of carrying out
ihe p inwp e= ot bis last <-mondmcnt, wntch was
p ivpted, moved to strike out ficm the 27th line of
t p bill the woras "by th" ¡aw of nauons "
Mr BEÍIRÍSN p i ed out the impropriety of
the "iia-^ge, and teuuser nsi&ted that the amend-
ment '"di, not inru m order
Thi" CHAIR ru'ed ihe amendment out of order
The q íes ion thf i aro-.g < n o'd'rmg tbt bill to
be ei g   ^sed for a tn M reading.
M CHOATE -aoved t -n the Senate adjourn,
ard he qu'stui beir g put, the motion was dis-
igrc  t 'o
Fie an s  n recuiri g "Sh-'I the bill be or-
der  ¡ to í    tít -.sed f-ir a tb rd reading?"
Mr 'V^LKER dentin \á w yeas and najs,
rf'nch w<re oTt^c', anl '^c o' e tion beipg put,
t p hli «r'so' red (o be engrossed, by > eat 25,
lids 17, as follow^
YE ^S—Messrs AiCher Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton Conrad, Crafts ( rlttenden, B-avton, Bvans, Graham
• Hunt ngton, Kerr, Maigum, Merrick, Miller, Porter, Preston,
Simmons, Smith ot Indiana, Spregue, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodbridge—25                                     .         ^   ,
NAYS-Messra Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Sevier, Smith of Connection , Stur
geon, Tappan, Walker, VVilcos, Woodbury, Wright, and
Yovms-17
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee ©n Naval
Affa.rs, reported a bill providing for the establish-
ment of school's of instruction in ths naval service
of the United States; which was read and ordered
to a second reading
Oa mo'ion of Mr. MERRICK, (after giving
notice that he would, on to morrow, ask the Senate
to go into the consideration of executive business,)
ihe Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 7,1842.
Mr  C. J  INGERSOLL submitted the follow-
ing resolution, and moved to suspend the rules for
its reception, on which he called for the yeas and
naysi
Resolved That, till next Tuesday, on any motion to adjourn
before ax o'clock in the afternoon, the Speaker shall order the
ayes and noes to be taken, ano no motion to adjourn before that
hour of that day shall be carried, unless the votes of two thirds
of the members present he given for it
Mr. FILLMORE said if the gentleman would
alter it so as to provide that no motion to adjourn
shall be in order until 6 o'clock, he would  vote
f°r ■'•                                                      . .           , í
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL accepted the modifica-
tion
Mr. WISE said he would vote for it with a
modification to make it unlawful for members to
eat.
Mr. WELLER objected to tbe resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL pressed his motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER informed tbe gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C J IngebsollJ that, as it was
a resolution which contemplated an alteration of
the rules, it required one day's notice
Mr. J. C. CLARK suggested that, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had accepted the modifi-
cation of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fillmobe,] the latter part of the resolution was
unnecessary.
M'. C. J. INGERSOLL then gave the neces-
sary notice to amend the rules, as follows
Resolved, That, till Tuesday next no monon to adjourn
s tall be in order before six o clock in the afternoon
The resolution lies over until to-morrow.
THfE TARIFF.
The K®use then/esolved itself ¡nte a Committee
of the Whole or/ the slate of the Union, (Mr.
MoKe\nan in the chair,) and proceeded with the
consideration of  the bill to provide revenue from
imports, and t* change and modify existing laws
imposing dutidl on imports, and for other pur-
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question,
which is as follows-
When the committee rose on yesterday, the state
of the question was this1 The following item (No.
1) of the bnl being under consideration-
"Be it enacted, eye , Tha* from an J aftei the 30th day of June
nevt in Jieu of the duties now imposed by law on the art cles
hereinafter t tcntioned, a id on such as may now be exempt from
duty, there shall be lov.cd, collected, and paid, the following du.
ties, that s to say
' I ust On wool manufactured, the value whereof at the last
port or place from whence ex[ioi ted to the United States shall ex
< «ed eieht cents per pound, shall be levied a duty of thirty per
cent ad valoiem '
Mr. Saltonstall hdd moved t< strike out the
said it^m, and insert, m Leu theieof, a portion of
the bill repor ed from the Committee on Manufac-
tures
INotb—This motion embiaced Ihe whole of that bill, with
the followirg modifications
fn tht first item of the proposed amendmei t the words
' th nieih da> of July" were substituted for the words ihir leth
day oi fjne '
Andthe last sec ion, which is in the fol owing words was
strict on out                                                                "
Ser 9 And b" it firlher enacted, That ifanv person shall
knowingly i id wilfully, with intent to ú í and the revenue of
the U He 1 sí ates mu~gle o- clan lestfely intioltre into the
Uní ed States ai y go ids wares oi m re ha dw subject to duty
bv law and which should lave brtn invoice 1, jn iout paying
oi arcoumugfor the duty or shall make out or pass or at
tempt to pass, through the ens om hoi  e, any false forged, or
fraudulent invoice every such persoi, Ins, her, or their aider 
and abetters, shall he deemed guilty ol a misdemeanor, and, on
