fU
as the future; and duties may be, if they existed
before, or existed then, and will continue till re-
pealed
Mr. HUNTING-TON stated his uaderstandmg
of the irreconcilable nature of the foreign valua-
tion, authorized in the act of 1832, and the princi-
ple of home valuation laid downm the compromise
act, as obligatory, according to the prescription of
a contemplated subsequent law. He repeated, that
there was now no law in existence by which reve-
nue coutft be collected
Mr. SBHPONS understood that the Senator
from New Hampshire now stated that the collec-
tion of revesas here had always been,m principle,
the same as K.e home valuation, but this was ir-
reconcilable with the Senator's own declarations
m previous speethes made in this body, to which
he Teferred.
3Ar. CALHOUN said, as to the question of home
valuation, be had never entertained but one opin-
ion. The old law provided that ten per cent,
should be added (o the invoice price of foreign
goods coming from this side of the Cape of Good
Hope, and 20 per cent for such as came from be-
yond the Cape, and this was held to represent their
value in our market This was, by the law of
1833, altered in detail, but not in principle He
had never been able to perce ve any other mode of
valuation that would, in his judgment, be equal
and constitutional And if he might be permitted
to express his impressions, they were, that those
who supported the law were, in a great measure,
ignorant of the principles of home valuation. As
to the point, whether the duties, after the 30th of
June last—which were to be brought down to 20
per cent.—would continue at that under the com-
promise act, or whether new legislation would be
required, he had uniformly differed with the late
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay ] His (Mr.
CADHOBN'k) belief corresponded with that express-
ed by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr Sim-
mons,] and he recollected that a debate eiosp upon
this point two year  ago, when the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bdohakan] and Mr Clay took
opposite sides, and when he (Mr. Calhoun) ex-
pressed the opinion that he now entertains.
His opinion was, that new legislaiioa would be
required, and, under this impression, he could not
vote for the introduction of this bill, because, by a
provision of the Constitution, it was requisite that
such a bill should be originated in the House of
Representatives.
It was with reluctance that he found himself
obliged to voie against the introduction of tht bill,
b*cause no one could feel more forcibly than him-
self that the condition of the country, especially in
reference to its finances, required leg slation, and
he would willingly do whatever he might properly
do to remedy the disorders. There was, in ms
opinion, a great responsibility resting somewhere,
for the omission of legislation upon this sub-
ject. Why had it been so long delayed? It
was not for the want of notice It had been
known ever since the passage of the bill, nine
years ago that legislation would be required. Wby
had a question of such pressing importance been
delayed until this late period, when time was not
left for the Executive Department of the Govern-
ment to exercise its power, according to its concep
tion of its duty, without throwing the country into
its present embarrassed condition?
Mr. WOODBURY observed that the Senator
from Connecticut was mistaken m supposing that
he had said the home valuation should be rtgulaied
by the Secretary of the Tr asury or the Executive
He had said the vejcy contrary The regu'atinn
ought to be made by law, as the compromise act
expressly required this Bjí the rnachiiery for
that home valup bens; available m an existing law
—i e th act of 1832—it was only necessary to
give the Secietary ot the Treasury aid Executive
authority to make use of that machinery in the
collection of the revtrup He disclaimed the ei-
iargemeni of Execu ive discietirn as much as any
one He wished, in th s case, * suostitu e the ex-
press law of 1832 for it He corre i, ed lúe geni-
tor from Rhode Wand, as to his understanding oí
what he had said in a former speech, relative to th"
effects of home valuation, and •showed that the
CONGBESSIONAL GLOBS.
ten, fifteen, or twenty per cent increase of the
home value over the foreign one was not over the
foreign one and all tne charges except insurance
But it was ten to twenty per cent over the naked
foreign value, without any augmentation first by
charge, or by the old ten and twenty per cent.
Mr BUCHANAN said he rose to make an ex-
planation, not a speech The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr Calhoun] had staled correctly that
the late distinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr
Clav] had contended that a duty of twenty per
cent could be collected under the compromise -íct
of 1833 after the 30th June, 1842, and he (Mr. B )
nad argued on the opposite side of the question.
After the remarks of Mr. Clay, he had carefully
examined the question, and become convinced that
he was wrong, and he had at the time expressed
this convic'ion to several Senators now present
It was his intention to have avowed this change of
opinion upon the floor, but whether he had done
so or not, he could not now recollect. He bad not
the slightest doubt but that a duty of twenty per
cent ci-uld now be collected under the existing
laws He made this explanation solely for the
purpose of showing that he had changed his opin-
ion upon this point of law—not under the pressure
of existing circumstances but at a time vben no
such circumstances could have been antieipa'ed
When he expressed the opinion, a few days ago,
that twenty percent duty could be collected, it was
an opinion which had been formed and expressed
shortly after the debate between the late Senator
from Kentucky and himself.
He had never pride'd himself much on his con-
sistency, though he believed he bad changed his
opinions, deliberately formed, as seldom as al-
most any other public man. The man who
never changed must ha/e been perfect at first, and
a'l experience, and all the lessons of wisdom, w°re
thrown away upon such an individual He had
changed his opinion upon this subject, and if he
lived, he might chanje upon others, and when be
did, he should not he«i ate to avow it
Mr CALHOUN explained that he did not know
the Senator from Pennsylvania had expressed any
late opinion on the subject
Mr PHELPS moved to lay the motion for leave
to introduce the bill on ihe table.
Mr LINN called for the yeas and najs, which
were ordered, and
The motion to lay the subject on the table re-
sulted in the affirmative—yeas 25, na>s 17, as tol
lows
YEAS—Me«bis Aicher Bairow Bates, Bayard Bern-n
Clioite Claytm Ccnrad Cr-iits Crittenden Da/ten Evans
Grahat i Uu tungton fíían^um Mernclc, Mi pi Morehead
Pheli s Portei Summons Smith of Indiana, bpiague, White
and Woodbridge—25
NAY^—Me«s,ib Allen, Bagliy, Benton Buchanan Cuthbert,
Foi on King Linn, S vier Smith of Connecticut, «5 urgeon,
tail nadge, Tappan, Wilcox Woodbury, Wright, and Young
Mr. MERRICK stood ur to renew his notice
ihat, at 13 o'clock, he would move to go into ex-
ecutive session.   But,
Tne bi 1 to incorporate a society in the District
of Columbia, by the name of the "National Insti.
tute for the Promotion of Science," was taktn up,
and read the third time, and the question be ne,
Shall the bill pass?—
Mr. BUCHANAN demanded the jeas and
nays, which were ordered, and, the question being
put, the bill was passed by yeas 30, nsys 12, as
follows.
TiEAS—vlssrs Banow Bate, Bayard Berrien, CI oite
OUyton Comad Cnfts Crittenden, Cuthbert Dayton, F rana
rnlion, Giaham, Huntington Linn, Mangum Mernck Miller
■«oiereid, Porter Preston Simmons Smith of Indiana'
•iprnsue, Stu gton, rallmadge, Tappan, Woodbridge, and
Wooibuiy—"0                                                 °
NAiS—Mi^rs A! n Bigby Benton Buchanan Calhoun,
King MtRoberco 6 viei, White, Wilcox, Wright, and
Young—12
The biii to pro/ide further remed ai just ce m
the distnet courts ot th" Unit d Sta es, was laken
up, and read the third time, when
Mr BAGBY op.rsel t! bill m ai able speech.
He was followed oy Mes is WRiGHT, CAL-
HOUN, and CUTHBERT in opposition to, and
by Mr BEBRiH"V in dffence of, the bill.
The question now being, "Shall the oill pa's'"
Mr. LINN demaadea the yeas and nays., which
were ordered, and, the question being put, the bill
was passed—by yeas 37, nays 17, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Ohoate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts Cmteiifien, Dayton Lvans,
Graham, Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,
Phelps, Porter Preston, Simmons Smith oflndiana, Sprague,
Taflmadge, White, and Woodbridge—27
IxaYs—Messrs Allen, Bagby Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cutibert, Fulton, Ring, I inn feevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan Wilcox, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—
17
The bill to provide an insane hospital for the
District of Columbia, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fsioav, July 8, 1842.
Mr, COOPER of Georgia wished to offer a reso-
lution, calling on the Secretary of the Treasury for
the reasons wby the report of ihe condition of the
several banks had not been furnished
Mr ANDREWS objected, and the resolution
was not received.
Mr MARCHAND presented a pention for the
relief of William Wilson of Pennsylvania.
Mr FILLMORE stated that the circulars from
the Treasury Department, in relation to the collec-
tion of revenue aftsr June 30th, had besn referred
to the Committee of Ways and Meacs^Téat
comu ttee had not had a meeting, but, on examin-
ing ths circular', he found that ihey involved legal
rather than financial questions. He, therefore,
moved to discharge the Committee of Ways and
Means from their^onsideration, and to refer the
same to the Committee on the Judiciary. Agreed
to.
Mr STANLY reported, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, the Senate bill reorganizing the
army referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the|Urion
\       j THE TARIFF.
On motion off Mr. FILLMORE, the Hcuse re-
solved itsef mto a Committee of the Whole on
ihe state of tie Union, (Mr McKennah in the
chair,) andfrjsumed the consideration oí the gen-
ial tariff w| The proposition before the com-
mittee was Mr Saltonstall's motion to substitute
the bill reported from the Committee on Manufac-
ture  for that reported from the Committee of
Way., and Means.
Mr GW1N, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee dunag the hour. He com-
menced by referring to the remaiks of ¡he gentle-
man fiom Maryland, [Mr Kmjnedt,] who had,
as he though', endeavored to array one section of
the Union against the other. He sas glad these
remarks had fallen from that gentleman, who was
in a minority of 1 400, and not from a responsible
Represen'ative of a majority of the people of his
district The gentleman, when endeavonng to ar-
r¿y the feeling , of the House against the cotton
interests of the South, had charged the South with
dictating the compromise act, prescribing legisla-
tion ior the rest of the Union, and advocating a
system that operated for the benefit of foreign yi-
teresis, by opening our markets to European pro-
ductions Were these charges true? Who but
Henry Clay was the author of the compromise aeti
Was Mr Clay the representative of tbe cotton in-
terest? Most assuredly not The charge made by
the gentleman was untrue in every particular
How, he a ked, was the cotton inteiest repre-
sented here'   It had but thirty members on the
floor cf ¡ha Houre, and but ten in the Senate   Add
to the-e the ten from M-> re—the Representatives
of ths «hipmcg employed in the cotton trade—and
it made but fifty Rep esentalives out of ¡wo hun-
dred and mnetj-fou", for the cotton interest    Yet
•be gentleman frera  Maryland [Mr. Kbnhevt]
bad atfmpvd to array the Union aga nst ihis in-
terest.   He could tell that gentleman, that i( it
should be th" policy of t is Congress to consider
,  tne cotton interest as antagonistic ! to other ln-
| terests in the Unun, be would wake up a lion    If
it should please Congress to pass a tariff bill op-
¡1 pres ive of the cotioa mtenv, let it be done, and
