let the States producing that staple be legislated out
of the Union Though (hey loved the Union, they
were prepared to leave it whenever an oppressive
system should cut them off from the enjoyment of
its benefits. He hoped, however, that the gentle-
man, irom Maryland would be alone in his srg-
gestion, and that it would be the fate destined for
the monstrous pioposition of his colleague [Mr
Wm. C. Johnson] for the assumption of State
debts.
Was it true that the South had dictated its poli-
cy to Congress? All the tariff laws since 1824
were injurious to its interests. Years ago, the
South was extensively engaged in the culture of
mdigo, which was an article indispensable to the
manufacturers. How did this section act when it
was found that other countries could compe e with
it in the production of this article? Did it come to
Congress and ask protection against the large im-
portations of the article made from foreign coun-
tries? It did not look to its own selfish interest,
but abandoned the production of the article.
It had been stated that England took from us
gold and silver, and refused our productions in re-
turn for those sent us by her. Mr. G combatted
this argument, by referring the committee to the
exports and imports of the Southern and South-
western States. For years, the South had ex-
ported more than it had imported. Take the cot-
ton States from the Union, withdraw their exten.
siva exports from the amount making up the sum
total of the United States, and what foundation
would there be for a tanfl? Wbeie would the ne-
cessary tonnage come from? He went into a va-
riety of statistics to show that the exports of the
South so far exceeded the impels as to have the
effect of drawing gold and silver from Europe to
this country.
He contended that the Western section of the
Union would not be benefited by the opening of the
British markets to its breadstuff's, because the Eas>
would be enabled, from its greater facilities of in-
tercourse, to undersell it. But, even admitting
they would be so benefited, he maintained that the
object would not be attained by imposing restric-
tions on our commerce with England. That coun-
try, he thought, would soon be compelled to yield
its corn-laws. He did not doubt bat that, in case
we refraiued from adopting unwise legislation to-
wards the commerce with England, we should be
made one of the favored nations with that power,
and our productions be admitted to her markets
upon the mo^t advantageous terms. Had the
gram growers of the West any reason to com-
plain of the cotton-growers of the South? While
the latter consumed its many thousand* of the
breadstuff's of the former, it got none of its cotton
taken in return What the South wanted was free
trade, and the world at large for a market. Mr.
G. drew a vivid picture of the trade of the West
and Southwest, as earned on with the thousand
steamboats and flatboatsof the Mississippi. Would
the Western members have all this trade crippled?
He next passed on to a review of our commer-
cial relations with France, and adduced stattsfes
to show that they had been annually improving in-
our favor, until the balance of trade in favor of
France was now reduced to a mere trifle He no-
ticed the fact, that an enormous amount of the
imports into this county came from nations that
did not compete with us in the production of the
articles we got from them. The commerce be-
tween us and Spain, Portugal, and China, for some
years back, showed an excels of imports into the
United States, from those countries over the ex-
ports, of $122 000,000, the deficiency caused by
which excess had been made up to us by our sur-
plus sent to other countries.
The tariff laws, he undertook to show, not only
discriminated m favor of the meriufacítim, but also
in favor of the productions ot we North Look at
the till now proposed Tns productions of those
countries which buy our cotton are taxed hoavily,
whilst the productions of countries which buy
Northsrn fabrics are to comem free, or with but a
trifling duty. Thus the bill cute the South with a
two-edged sword. The articles tea and coffee,
which are used roucn, more extensively at the North
than, at the Seuth, are to  eater free of  duty
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
They come, too, from countries buying nothing
from the South. Mr G. referred to the probabil-
ity of a treaty between France and Texas., by
which the raw materials of the latter win be ad-
mitted into the former on the most advanflgeous
terms He abo spoke of t'-e decline in the con-
sumption of American cotton by England, from 18
to 6 millions—a result which had been brought
about by our u-iwise legislation ¡n cramping our
intercourse with that nation, End which had com-
peted her to look to other sources for the raw ma-
terial of her manufactures Instead of extending
and increasing the consumption of our producicns
in Europe, by means of favdable treaties, we are
endeavoring to do it at home by a tax amounting
to restriction. It really seemed to him that the
South, bless°d as it was with a fine soil and cli-
mate, was destined to be taxed, on account of lis
advantages, for the benefit of others.
Mr. G. then reviewed the origin and cause of
the war carried on by England against China He
showed the advartages which England had lost in
being cut off irom the trade with that country,
and the connexion of the United States with that
trade. The trpde between tue United States and
China had been carried on through London, and
the products of China purchased by us had been
paid for by bills drawn on our cotton and other
staples shipped to London, or else by State bonds—
a course which had strongly helped to produce the
present indebtedness of this country
He took a different view of the great right of
search in the African seas, from that which was
taken by most men. He thought that England
had no very strong feeling on that subject, as to
the principle pretended to be involved. Having
lost a large ' ort'on of their trade m other quarter ,
he thought it was their purpose to carry on as ex-
tensive a trade a possible rpon the shoies of Afri-
ca. Defeated at home, they had íesolved to carry
the war into Africa. The enterpr.sing Yankees
had taken up the same uade, and it was only ne-
cessary, when an American vessel was on its
way to those shores, to stop her, in accord-
ance with the right of search, and, by de-
taining ber, secure the speedie* arrival of the
British cruiser, bound on the same trading expe-
dition He thought if the American people would
send ail agent to the coast of Africa, charged with
the duty of searching and detaining British verse's,
there would be the same outcry agamst the right of
search on our p.tr!, that had been raised against
Great Britain. He (Mr. G ) would have favora-
ble treaties concluded with foreign rations—trea-
ties which would open the ports of Europe to our
staples of the soil, and to our manufactares, whk.h
he thought could compete with those of many
countries, even m Europe. He would have such
a treaty concluded as would open the marts of the
West Indies to our breadstuff's, on which such a
high restriction was now imposed. In short, he
would exlend the commerce of the United States,
and open the mart* of the world to our numerous
productions
By opening new markets for many of our pro-
ducts—which he showed might la effected—and by
thus extending our relations wt'h other cojntnes,
he contended that sufficient revenue might be rai ed,
at a lovicr r*te of duties than was no« proposed,
and ibe reason wn/ n did not now exist wa~, that
this Government too often legislated for apart, m-
tead of the whole, of the coiitiTy.
Mr A H.H.SÍUARJT contended that it was
the duty of Congress io legislate for every m erest
of every region of this covn ry, and not for one,
to the prejudice of tho other but he also showed
the dependerce of each cpon the other, and that
Iheprosp ri > of one was feltand dispersed ?r ongst
the rest. He then i jphed to the arguments cf gen-
tlei en *bo asscr ed iue íneqjal ly of the tax levitd
as daty on nnpotts, and into thio branch of hi? ar-
gument he entced with great minuteness He
next made some general remarks on the subject of
piotection and retaliatory dutie , and ghuced ?t
the poli-y ot England a-? he proceeded He b  d,
if all the nations vl rte earth h?H equal aavan-
t->gf s, the dot trine of free trade might be ci n'eided
fo , bu. with the nurrne, maenmery, an 1 other ad-
vantages which Ergland possessed, it was vain to
f&5
suppose that this country could enter into compe-
tition with that people But free trade never had
baen the policy of any country, and never would
be; and therefoie it was unprofitable to contend
with an abstraction.
Mr. BREWSTER said that he did not me for
«he purpose of discussing the mam question, but
for the purpose of explaining an amendment
which he intended to offer when ¡a order. The
amendment which he intended to propose was to
that section of the bill which imposed a duty of
25 cents a bushel on imported wheat He wished
to this section to carry an amendment, allowing a
drawback on the exportation of flour manufactured
from foreign wheat, under such regulations as th 
Secretary of the Treasury thall presence. In or-
der io make this amendment intelligible, it was
necessary for him to review the state of our trade
with the British Canadian ports Mr. B then
gave a full and interesting statement of the com-
merce carried on between the United States and
the British possessions in Canada, with an acsount
of the tonnage, both Eritish and American, em-
ployed on the lakes.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS addressed the com-
mittee at length, and urged the necessity of im-
mediate action upon a tariff, which would revive
the credit of the Government. He understood the
President as objecting to the late tariff bil1, not
because of the tariff principle, but on account of
us connexion with the distribution question. He
had voted forthe distribution, but considered it as of
minor importance compared with the necessity that
existed for th< enactment of a proper tariff.
Mr M. repelled the charges and insinuations of
late so frequent in the public journals, that he had
changed his course on the distribution question,
and bad been bought up Ly Capt. Tyler His
cour.e had b"en mdependei «nd conscientious, and
would need no defence arnonf his people where he
was known He was will ng 'o stand by it, and,
if he fell, he would fall w h his country's col-
ors in his hands He concluded by strenuously
urging the settlement of the tariff question, and
not, as- had been hinted, leave it open for three
j ears to come.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS next obtained the floor.
He commenced his remarks by saying that he was
now fresh from the people, and, if he knew any
thing of their opinions, the prevailing sentiment
among them was, that the present Congress had
been now seven months m session, without hav-
ing done anything for the benefit of the country,
and occupying themselves wi.h the sole purpose of
pttempt ng to head ihe President, and force him in-
to the adoption of measures which it was known
he would never sancticn. Tde people did not look
to speeches made here, in order to f rm their opin-
ion upon the condign of public affairs, but to
facts. What were the facts at this time presented
tc their eyes' It wa well knowii that the land
bi!l was signed by the President, only w th the un-
derstanding that, durmp its operation, the duties on
imports should not go above ^wenty per cent. The
President know that the measure was not popular
throughout tht eountiy, and y elded to it merely
as a matter of neceistty, upon the insertion of the
twenty per cent proviso Since (hat bul was
passed, the vadict of the people had come like a
clap of thunder upon the measures of the extra
session. Ljok at the mesiage of the President in
December last. He thensaid that the condition of the
country required a higher ra'e of duties than twen-
ty per cent—that the tai'ff must be increased.
Since that period, -Congress bad gone on wasting
its time in rnanag ng aadm?n(_uvnng, as he (Mr.
D ) th-ngh an 1 as he was Willing to say on his
own responsibility
The month of Msrch came, and the necessity
o' rtcing something was mo-e and more apparent:
y«t n >thmg was accc*ml shed. The perpetual
gime of the Whigs v as going on—a grme.with-
out an object, except tnat oi heading the President.
In this po ture of affairs, Mr Tyler sent m his
message, recommending the suspension of Ihe dis-
tnbu'ion •srd the increase of the tar if. But this
message wasnot heeded. It was not until recently
that ihe "little tariff"-—a bill prolonging the op-
eration of the revenue laws prior to June 3Qth,
