CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSTON.
27th Cons.........2d Sbss.
FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1842.
Volumr 11 —No. 47.
Continued from JVb. 46
measures as will, with the least inconvenience to the people,
"while based on principles of sound policy and liberal equuy,
iestore public and private confidence, maintain the credit of
the people of these States, and of this Union, m its wonted
hi<|h character and standing : therefore—
Resolved, That a select committee of-----members be ap-
pointed to examine into the causes of the embarrassments of
the Government, the States, and the people; and to report, by
"bill or otherwise, such measures of speedy and permanent
relief as they may deem salutary, expedient, and required to
Jneet the exigencies of the country.
Objections being made by several to the recep-
tion of the resolution—
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of receiving it.
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana called for the yeas
and nays; which, being ordered, resulted in yeas
7, nays 132.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be, and are
hereby, instructed to inquue into the contract tor the removal
of the Cherokee Indians to the west of the Mississippi; the
amount contracted to be paid for the removal; the amount
actuaily paid; how, and by what officer, the account of the
contractor was settled and alloweá; whether there was any
appeal from such settlement, and the decision on the appeal;
and whether the decision was final or not; by what officer, and
by whatauthority, the account was reopened, and finally settled
and allowed; and out of what fund such account was paid, to
Whom paid, and on what authority. Also, to inquire whether any,
and what, other offers had been made for their removal, and
why not accepted; and whether any further, and what further
action of Congress should be had for the protection of the
Cherokees, orto guard the public treasury; and that said com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the Senate for the relief of Alexander Ham-
mitt.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, stating that they had
passed a bill, enlitled "An act providing further
remedial justice in the courts of the United States;"
and in which they asked the concurrence of the
House.
On motion by Mr. BARNARD, the bilMvas
then taken up, read twice, and referred to" the
Committee on the Judiciary.                     /
On motion of Mr. FILLM®RE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee oftthe Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McKjínnan f6( Pennsyl-
vania in the chair,) and resume'rl the Consideration
of the bill to provide revenue from ipf ports, and to
modify the several acts imposing/duties on im-
ports; the question beiig on the .«notion of Mr.
S-ALTONST/iu. to amend the bill, by substituting for
it the tariff bill reported by the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. SUMMERS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee in an hour's speech, iu
support of the policy of laying discriminating du-
ties, and, in that way, giving mcidemal protection
to domestic manufactures,
Mr. SMITH of Virginia then obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee during the hour. He
commenced by saying that there were four modes
of collecting revenue for the Government: first, by
imposts on articles, none of which were made in
this country; secondly, by imposts alike on a!l
articles entering our ports—a horizontal tariff;
thirdly, by imposts upon articles manufactured in
the country, with a view to protection; and, fourth-
ly, by a system of internal tares. Speaking for
himself alone, he had no hesitation in avowing that
he believed that a system of internal taxes was
the true and proper policy of this country, and
would operate more equal y iban any other upon
every section of the Union. The system of prelec-
tion he regarded as a system of plunder. When
he spoke of protection to the industry of the coun-
try, he meant ihe tnanufacturing industry—protec-
tion to the manufacturers. Theirs was the least
interest of the country. Yet such was the zeal of
their advocates, that the people were made to be-
lieve that the welfare of the nation depended upon
their prosperity or adversity.   The commercial in-
terests of ihe country were more important, and
had more capital invested in them. Agriculture,
however, was the great interest on which all others
rested for support. It was an interest in which
seven times as much capital was-invested as there
was in manufactures and commerce.
The question before-the committee, and which
he should discuss, was the amendment to the bill
offered by the chairman of the Committee on
Manufactures, [Mr. Saltowstall.] He regarded
it, ihcn, as a question involving the protection of
the manufacturing interests; for the subject would
not have been referred to the C mmittee on Manu-
factures, had it not been with a view to give pro-
tection. What, he asked, was the principle of pro-
tection, but a direct attempt to levy on the other
branches of industry? The great interests of agri-
culture and commerce, which constituted ihe great
body of tbe wealth of the country, were to be taxed
for the benefit of manufacturing industry. One
interest came forward and said it was languishing,
and must be revived by legislative enactments.
This interest confessedly could not subsist without
aid from the Government. The remaining great
interests of the country must be taxed for its sup-
port. What was the reason the manufactures
could not thrive without this invidious distinction
in their favoi? Plainly because labor and capital
employed in other avocations were more profitable
and attended with richer rewards. It would be,
he maintained, a species of the most extreme folly
for Congress, by its legislation, to take away labor
and capital from agriculture, and turn it to the less
profitable business of manufacturing. Would such
a policy be wise? Should Congress mierfere with
the pursuits of life, to diminish the agricultural
wealth of the country?
He replied to Ihe views of his colleague, [Mr.
Stuart,] who had said that, if the consumer paid
the duty on imports, it would be equally true, if
the same duties were placed on exports, that the
consumer of those exports would also pay that;
and had hence argued that England would have to
pay any tax that our Government might impose
upon i's exports to her. He replied to this posi-
tion, by saying that, if England were obliged to
buy our exports, she would of course pay any tax
we might impose upon them. But England was
not compelled to take the productions of the Uni-
ted States. She might look to other countries,
and theace receive her supplies. To prove lhat it
was true that the consumer paid tbe tax imposed
on imports, he would quote from the language of
one who was good authority in certain quarters of
the House. He quoted from the speech of Henry
Clay a passage, in which it was insisted "that the
consumption of an article was in proportion to iu
price," &c. This was the opinion of the father of
the American system, spoken in tbe debate upon
the compromise bill.
But if it was not true that the amount of duty
imposed en'ered into the price of the article and
was paid by Ihe consumer, why did the manufac-
turing interest wish the tariff increased? Why was
a high tariff so strenuously advocated, and so
many petitions sent here from the manufacturers
all over the country in its favor, if the effect would
be an increase of prices? The object was plain.
It was to raise the prices of their goods, and add
to their profit. But gentlemen had said that this
bounty, paid to ths manufacturers, went towards
ihe benefit of the consumers. Let them take Eng-
land, and view her pauper population. There was
an evidence of the benefit of the protective system!
H r population, generally, living upon the lowest
pittance; and her operatives reduced to a state of
beggary1 The bounties afforded the manufacturers
had forced them into the markets of the world, and
had compelled them to sell at the lowest rates.
He pointed, emphatically, to England, for an ex-
ample of tbe boun'y system. What was more ex-
traordinary and more obnoxious, the farmers of
the country, who raised millions of bushels oí wheat,
had to pay those bounties tor the benefit of the
manufacturers.
He replied to the arguments of his colleague
from tbe Kenawha district [Mr. Sdmmkrs] in favor
of a duty on salt. Hts colleague had complained
of the reduction in the price of that article; but did
not that reduction result from the breaking up of
an odious salt monopoly which formerly existed in
the country? This monopoly actually paid indi-
viduals who had salt-springs for not opening
them, and they carried on their operations at a
ruinous cost to 'he country around, who had to
buy their salt. He thought that with 16 cents a
bushel for their salt, which his colleague had said
was the present price, they could do a very profita-
ble business.
But he objected to the revenue system which was
proposed. With such high rates of duties, he held
it would be impossible to collect the revenue which
would arise. He psinted to England, with her
immense military and naval establishments, and
her powerful and well-organized custom-house
corp>: even she, with all these advantages, and
with but a small territory, could not enforce her
revenue laws, and was unable to prevent smug-
gling. He referred to the various operations which
were proposed to get goods into England free of
duty, and the frequent instances of travellers buy-
ing goods in France, at an advance of only 20 or
30 per cent., deliverable free of charge in Lon-
don. If, in spite of all the regulations adopted in
England, duties could not be collected upon the
whole ot the imports of the country, how could we
expect to accomplish such an object, wilh our
8,000 miles of frontier? Did gentlemen suppose
that the system of plunder legalized by a high pro-
tective tariff would be tolerated? He assured
them it would not. Smugglers would run into the
thousand inlets upon eur coast, and laugh at tbe
custom-house regulations. He gave instances of
the smuggling carried on in France and Germany,
and thence inferred that it could not be prevented
under any high tariff that might be adopted.
It should be remarked that gentleman who ad-
vocated this bill were, for the most part, the advo-
cates of high expenditures on the p i t of the Fed-
eral Government. Some there were who seemed
reckless as to the amount of money which they
voted to expend. Claims, as old as Ihe Govern-
ment itself—claims which had been rejected year
after year—were ripped up from their oblivion, for
the purpose of swelling the an* urn of federal ex-
penditures. The cry wa?, 'Give us but a reve-
nue tariff;" yet, it all the appropriations urged
by the advocates of this "revenue tariff" should
be voted, the amount would be such as to afford
tbe most enormous protection, if not the effect of
an entire prohibition.
He then entered into a statement of the amount
of tonnage entering our ports from foreign coun-
tries at various periods. In 1800, when our pop.
ulation was five millions, the tonnage was 669,000;
in 1810, 984,000; and in 1841, with a population
of seventeen millions, but 899,000—thus showing
an actual falling off, though the population ef the
country had increased at an unparalleled rate.
Here was one of the consequences of the proteo-
tive system.
He entered into a statement and comparifon of
the home tonnage of England, France, and the
United States—showing the power of our country
in this respect; and how, if not cramped, she
would become toe first nation in the world.
He replied to the argument that oar cotton-
planters should find a home market for their prod-
uce The production of the United Slates was
21,000,000 bales. Of this, 350,000 would supply
all ihe manufacturers of this country. Where,
then, was the home markst which those gentlemen
spake of? It would take 700,000 bales to supply
the country, but that included whites, blacks, and
all. 350,000 would supply all those corrected
with'the manufacturing interest.    He went mto a
