by the Democratic Whig General Committee, at a
meeting held in the Btoadway House, New York.
The resolutions, eulogized the Whig majority in
both Houses of Congress, for their persevering ef-
forts to enact a protective tariff and a bank, and
their efforts to perpetuate the dtstribunon act, &c,
and condemned,.m harsh terms, the President of the
United Slates, for the obstacles he ha 1 raterpos-ed
to prevent the consummation of the Whig policy
Mr. KING made some íemarks to the purport
that, whilst he would be the last man to plate im-
pediments in the way of the fullest expression, by
any portion of the people, of their views of the
measures pursued by all parties, and their opin-
ions as to what policy would best subserve the in-
terests and prospority of the country; }et he sug-
gested whether there might not be an impropriety
in the Senate p rmittmg ¡tseli to be made the chan
nel through which committers of this character
might vent their personal invective against an ex-
ecutive officer, because he had exerci>ei his con-
stitutional rights The resolutions proposed no
legislation, but meiely expressed personal feeling
towards the President, and he (Mr. K ) thought,
■whatever might be their opinions personally of that
officer, the Senate should, at least, respect the of-
fice, atad should not lessen its own dignity by be-
coming the organ of committees for the purpose,
plainly indicated in the resolution, of heaping un-
just abuse on that officer.
Messrs. CRITTENDEN, BARROW, and
ARCHER maintained that the resolutions were
decorous m language, and that the President pro
tern, had but done his duty in presenting them, and
that they should be received and printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made the motion that they
be printed. Tney were referred to tne Committee
on Printing for that purpose
Mr. BUCHANAN presented three memorials
from Philadelphia, similar 'o a number already
presented, urging upon Cjngress the propriety or
creating a stock of $200 000,000, to be distributed
among the States and Territories as a basis of a
sound currency, &c . referred to the Committee on
finance.
Mr. MILLER presen ed a memorial from Sus-
sex county, New Jersey, praying that protection
may be afforded to the agricultural and uanufac-
turing interests of the country, by the imposition of
an adequate duty on foreign imports. Laid on the
table.
Mr. PRESTON offered the following resolution:
Resolved Tnat the President of the United States be re
quested, if it be not inconsistent with the public mteiest, to
communicate to the Senate the recent conespondeace between
the Republic of Mexico and this Government m relation to
Texas
He would ask the consent of the Senate to enter
upon the consideration of the resolution this morn-
ing, inasmuch as the sabject is one of deep national
ifuerest. It calK for information which may de-
mand the immediate attention of this botíy.
He was sure a majority of the Senator  present
had seen, in the public papers this mailing, the
translation of a tetter addressed by the Secretary of
Foreign Relations of the Republic of Mexico to the
Secretary of State of the United States, but pub-
lished at Mexico before it had left that country
for the United Stales
This extraordinary letter, he felt constrained to
say, was calculated to excite great anxiety in this
country. It appeared to him there was an obvious
necessity, under trie circumstances, for Congr°ss
to be placed in possession of full information on tht
subject—at least so far as the Executive may judge
it compatible with the public interest to make the
communication required. It is desirable that Con-
gress should know, as speedily as practicable, what
has taken place beiween the constituted authorities
of hoth countr es
He would beg leave to lead a s n°le paragraph
towards the conclusion, for the purpose of showing
the charae*er and temper of the Utter to whic1* h
- had alluded After detailing w.i&t the Mextca-
Secretary of State suppi es to hive been the con
duct of the Uii ed Stales Government with regard
to Texa*, the writer proceeds to make these re-
marks • " Such conduct the Mexican Government
cannot comprehend; and althojgh animated with
a sincere desire that the relations now happily
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
existing between this Republic and the United
States may not suffer the least alteration, it feels
bound, in frankness, to repeat, in the most formal
manner, its former protest against the tolerance
before mentioned, a contmuance of which it will
regard as a positive act of hostility against this
Republic, and will regulate tfs conduct as justice, its
own interests, and the national dignity may demand "
Now, it must be obvious to every Senator ihat
the force of the sentence consist;, in the implied
threat It amounts to this—that a continuation of
the condition of things complained of will be con-
sidered as authorizing hostilities.
A declaration of this nature, made in a manner
so formal and official, presented, in his opinion, a
matter for the gravest consideration. He trusted—
indeed, he had no doubt—that the Government of
the United Slates had answered this commemica
tion in a manner becoming Us own dignity, and in
that temper of forbearance which should ever
characterize the conduct of a powerful nation deal-
ing with one like Mexico. But, while he trusted
that this Government had answered Mr Bocane-
gra's letter with forbearance, he felt satisfied it had
5een done with a just regard to our own dignity,
and with that firmness which the occasion re-
quired
Mr. SEVIER did not see why there should be so
much sensitiveness exhibited in regard to every
little demonstration made by Mexico, while an-
other foreign power—he meant Great Britain—was
allowed to hector and bully as muchas she pleased,
with impunity. It seemed as if this Government
could fold its arms and quietly listen to any mdig
nity from Great Britain, but could not bear a word
from poor, feeble, contemptible little Mexico,
without treating it as a declaration of war.
Mr. ALLEN would be glad, if it was agreeable
to the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr Pres-
ton,] to let the resolution lie over till to morrow,
to have an opportunity of offering an amendment
in relation to the s'ate of affairs between this Gov-
ernment and Great Britain He had long been of
opinion that, if any ill feeling or hostility were to
giow up between Mexico and *h.s country, it
would be through the instrumentality of Great
Brttfin He could not, therefore, help th nking
that, in any demonstration made by tha* Republic,
Great BriUin was equally involved. The inquiry
in hio opinion, should reach to all the matters of
controversy connected with the designs on the
South, and the commerce of the Southwest territo-
ries of this continent.
Mr PRESTON did not like to have his resolu
tion complicated with extraneous matter. He
wished the inquiry to be confined to the single ob-
ject to which the publication of the Mexican Mins-
ter's letter had this morning drawn his at'enti«n
His first impression, on reading the passage he had
quoted, was, that it amounted to a threat of war on
the spot, and he wished very much to know, with
as little delay as possible, what course of reply this
Government had taken, antl which it might be con-
i sistent with the public interests to communicate.
i With regard to the great sensitiveness in rela-
tion to anything said by Mexico, to which the
S nator from Arkansas had referred, he begged
leave to inform the Senator that he had no greater
sensuivenes-s on th" subject of Mexico than he
would have with regard to Great Britain, or any
,   other foreign power, under the same circumstance .
¡    If  the -ame lettei had been written by a British
| mims'er, he would have considered it equally his
duty to offer such a resolution The duty imposed
upon him, ss head ol the committee over which he
I had the honor to preside, would have been equally
imperative in the one case as the other
j He cou'd not, however, see the propriety of
mixing up the affair* of Great Butain with the af-
fairs of Mexico The relations of this country
with England are subjects of pending negotiation
with a special minister from Great Britain, du-
ring whicn negotiation* there would be a manifest
impropriety in calling for any untimely mfcriia-
t on But there was a peculiar propriety m the
inquiry relative to the published letter of the Mex-
ican Secretary of State. He has made his appeal
to the diplomatic agents of all the foreign Govern-
! meats, and placed before   them grave  charges
739
against this country. He (Mr. P) took it for
granted that the resident mims'er i * the United
States had met these charges, and repelled ibem with
becoming spirit
He was just informed by a friend th?t these
charges had been communicated m writing to all
the diplomatic agents at Mexico except the Amer-
ican Minister—thus more emphatically giving them,
a hostile character He would repeat, that he
trusted this Government had answered the letter of
the Mexican Secretary of Sate with moderation
and forbearance, but, at the same t'me, with digni-
ty and firmness becoming the occasion.
Mr. SEVIER asked what obj'cti-n there was to
procuring information of the condition of our nego
tiations with England? Were we to have war ot
not? He would like to know. He had not the slight-
est objection to show towards Mexico, though she
was a weak nation, the same consideration that
was shown to other countries. How was it with
reference to Canada, a year or two go' The com-
mander of the army was sent thert to prevent cur
people going over and taking part in their
troubles; and yet many went, were captured by
the authorities, tried, and some punished by ban-
ishment, and others by being haDged; and no war
had resulted from it Have they done so with re-
gard to Mexico? They had allowed their Citizens
to take part in the war with Tsxas, and Mexico
had treated them but as prisoners of war-^had sur-
rendered them to this Government. We sat by
and saw oer citizens who ertssed the Northern
frontier, bani'-hed and harged, ard said not a
word, although we had our military men and the
whole resources of the Government brough* into
requisition to prevent them from taking part its
the rebellion.
How was it with regard to the Texan wat? Had
an army been sent to New Orleans to prevent our
citizens from taking part mi? No such tbisf
The only effort we made was maae on paper—by
proclamation Why shoula we show more seusi
tiveness in regard to Mexico, thin m regard to
Great Britain? All Mexico car do is to talk ana
protest. Let her protest Who cares'! If the
Senator would move to make the inquiry with re-
gard to both powers, he would heartily join htm.
But he felt humbled at coming here tft talk of war
with a contemptible, pitiful power, and, at the
same time, to fold their arms >n 'he face of one
who was capable of giving a hard fight, if not of
whipping us. And to show oat ¡card to Great
Britain, the other day the famous remedial justice
bill had to be passed, for fear that some one, who
might come across and destroy our properly and
murder our citizens, if he should be pun.tned for it
by the State authorities, would involve us m a war
with her. But while we are afraid of Great
Britain whipping us, we take up a newspaper,
where we find the correspondence of a mad Span
lard, and upon that call upon the Secretary to fur-
nish us with the official correspondence between
the Government of Mexico and mis Government
What is to grow out of itf Beciuse tbis man has
protested against the conduct of the United Sates,
are we going to make war npon Mexico, founded
merely upon this correspondence? He did not
know what the eall would be made for, unless it
was to show the inconsistency of our course towards
the two countries—that we were for war in regard
to the weaker one, and for peace m rsgard to the
stronger. Unless the inquiry m regard to Great
Britain was added, he would not vote for the reso-
lution
Mr. PRESTON asked if the Senator rai-ed any
objection to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. SEVIER *aid, Certamly noi; be thought it
might as well be considered now as at any ijme, if
it must be considered at all
Mr. PRESTON observed that he saw, by the
ppper in the hands of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr Allen] that be proposed offering his
amendment, Rnd, m that ca^e he suppled the
consideration of the subject would have to Us over
till to morrow If that was the Senator's inten
tion, he thought the shortest way (o reach it ? ould
be to object to the con'ideration of the resolution
today But he hoped the Senator would *te tt-a<
there was no necessity for mixing up the ad its ot
