140
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Great Britain with those of Mexico, in any inquiry
of this nature.
Here was a letter, published in Mexico, making
«barges agüinst the United States Government, ac-
«ompamed with a threat of such a nature as to
louse the feelings of every American citizen. It was
not, therefore, without some surprise that he saw
the Senator from Arkansas making so light of the
matter, and. taking part with Mexico.   To vindi-
cate Mexico in. this threat, is to admit that the
United States have done what has been scrupulously
«voided, and at the same tímelo side against Tex as
If   the S nator has   any similar ground of in-
quiry m relation to Great Britain, let it be brought
forward in a distinct resolution. Hs certainly does
ttot mean to assert that the executive and legislative
branches of this Government have not done their
duty.    He could with confidence say that both the
executive and legislative branches had done every
thing in their power to do, to preserve good faith
"with  Mexico, and   to   rrevent> aa much   as in
*  their power, the citizens of the United States from
inter'enng in the dispute between  Mexico   and
Texas.    But this Government had no control over
the individual action of us citizens, whenever they
«hose to go abroad to fight foi any other country;
and should not be held accountable for individual
action, which it not only does not authunze, but
■which it discountenance..   At the samu time, he
was free to adcut that, as far as his own indi-
vidual feeling went, it was entirely  m sympathy
■with   young   Republics   for their  independence.
Texas, since the battle of San Jacmto, had been ac-
knowledged as an independent Republic by the
United States, by Great Britain, France, and every
«other country but Mexico.    And while he would
mot violate any national obligation to Mexico, he
•would be sorry to deny the right of individual
citizens of the United S ates to go beyond our own
"territory, and take such part with a neighboring
Republic as their sense of justice or feelings might
Jprompt them to take.
Mr SEVIER said the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr Priston] had made a statement in re-
gard to this matter, to which he felt bound to reply.
What he found fault with was, that a news,p. per
publication should serve as. the ground for going to
"war with Mexico, while ihey were as silent as the
grave with regard to the differences that existed
between this country and other powers. This wai
the issue. He had voted for the independence of
Texas. Manj of his constituents, and dearest
friends from boyhood, whom he held in the highest
estimation, were residents of ihat country—having
been thrown mlo it by the running of ihe bound-
ary-line between it and Arkansas He bad no
objection that our citizens should fight for liberty
anywhere • ltt them war where they pleased.
What he complained of wa«, that the Senator
should be finding fault with the conduct of Mexico,
while he takes especial care to avoid doing so with
regard to that ef Gieat Britain Her course of
conduct had been less offensive ihan that of Great
Britain. Looking at the matter in this po>nt of
view, he was ashamed and humiliated to viunesi
in the American Senate a warlike demonstration
against an insignificant power, while they were
afraid to utter a whisper against a power which
had ¡>hown herself sufficiently tormidable to give
as a hard fight.
The Senator from South Carolina had said that
•we had pursued the same course in relation to
Mexico as to Great Britain.     He (Mr S ) denied
that we had done so.     The purpose for which the
commanding officer was sent to me Western fron-
tier was to preserve peace between us and the In-
dian tribes, and yet the Senator wished to hold him
up as vindicating the course wh'ch Mexxo had
taken.   His complaint was, that they were ready to
bristle up, show fi°ht, and talk big, towards a little
power, whilst ihey sa' still and permuted anoiher
to search then   vessels, to tak  from  them their
coasting trade, without a wh «per of tpposition.
Mr. WALKER said he bought the call pro-
posed to be made, as regarded the correspondence
growing out of our relations with Mexico, was,
jxr se, an inquiry which was highly proper to be
made; and if the Senator from Arkansas, or any
other Senator, thought proper to make an inquiry
as regarded the negotiations between this countiy
and Great Britain, whether there would be a pro
priety or impropriety in making sueh inquiry, it
certainly could not have the slightest connexion
with an inquiry regarding the cbaracer of ibis
communication, which certainly appeared to be
one of a very extraordinary nature. Let the
two matters be kept distinct and separate. Ltt
the Senator bring forward a separate resolution,
and test the sense of the Senate at to whether
the inquiry proposed by him would be proper
or ¡mpropsr. For himself, be (Mr. W ) was
inclined to think it would be highly improper; and
more especially so,to connect it with the proposition
offered by the Senator from South Carolina.
It was intimated that the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator was not deserving of the approval
of the Senate, because it was founded on what had
appeared in the newspapers Did any Senator
doubt the authenticity of the document as pnbl sh-
edl Did any Senator doubt that this ferocious
and violent address proceeded from the Mexican
authorities, against this nation—an address which
could not but shock the feelings of every Ameri-
can—and that it was laid before the whole diplo-
matic corps of foreign nations resident in Mexico?
And were they—because there were negotiations
pending between Great Britain and the United
State*—were they to make no inquiry respecting
the one, unless they made inquiry about the other
also1? Whether it were proper or improper to
make inquiry respecting the negotiauons wnh
England, it was assuredly proper *o make inquiry
as to this matter; for he would take on himself to
assert in his place, that he fully believed it was
the beginning of an effort about to be made
on the part oí Mexico to relieve heiselt from the
payment of those claims which had been adjudi-
cated and determined in favor of citizens ot the
United States against the Mexican Govern-
ment. It was, therefore, a quasi war which
was attempted to be got up between Mexico
and this country, with a view of evading the
payment of those claims. When these claims
came to be presented, it would be found that they
would be protested. Entertaining this opinion, he
(Mr. W.) was desirous ol knowing what this Gov-
ernment was doing m relation to this matter, be-
cause, whatever quarrels might exist between this
country and other nal ions, they could have nothing
whatever to do with our Mexican relations; and if
Mexico should violate a treaty entered into with
this country, and refuse to pay her debts, under
the pretpnee that some of our citizens have ex-
patriated themselves and gone to Texas, he, (Mr.
W ) for one, would be for compelling her to pay
them at Ihe mouth °f oor cannon, and at the point
of our bayonets. Believing this to be the object
which Mexico had in view, ana considering the
manner in which she had placed the statement of
her charges against this country before the diplo-
matic agents of the whole civilized world, he was
desirous that the correspondence should be ob-
tained, and would, therefore, vote for the resolu-
tion
Mr ALLEN said he had no doubt that every
Senator would readily admit the importance of
maintaining the rights and the honor of this coun-
try, whenever that henor or those rights were as-
sailed by a fore gn power, whether by Mexico, or
by Great Britain, or by any other power. But it
was manifest—as the Senator from Arkansas had
intimated—that they were a little more coy in re-
g?rd to Great Britain than they were in regard to
Mexico. He (Mr. Allen) thought they had been
too much to. This had been his opinion since ihe
period of the Caroline affair, and, acting upon that
belief, he had offered a resolution, at an early pe-
riod of this sess'on, calling for the correspond-
ence which had taken place brtween the two
Governments upon that subject At the time he
offered that resolution, there was no special minis-
ter from Great Britain m ttíís country, for the pur-
pose of negotiating upon the subjects in difference
between the two countries; and, from the time of
the discharge of McLeod, the country had remained
in total darkness as to the condition of the negotia-
tions upon the Caroline affa.r. When he submit-
ted that resolution, he was induced to do so from
the convictionahat the open avowal made by the
British Government, that the attack upon the Car-
oline had been made in virtue of her authority,
imposed on this Government  the necessity of de-
manding that kind of reparation which such an out-
rage would seem, under all the circumstances,  to
require; because, from the time that avowal was
made, the whole question was changed.    An act of
warhadbesn committed upon this country, and
had been openly avowed as the act of the British
Government; and a demand had been made for the
surrender of  McLeod, predicated upon  the fact
that it was an act of war committed by Great Brit-
ain, and that, therefore, McLeod wis not responsi-
ble    Time had passed on, and the people of this
cemntry remained wholly uninformed as to the pro-
ceedings of this Government m relation to this out-
rage upon our territory and people, declared to
have been authorized by the British Government.
And, although no information had been given up-
on the subject; and although  there was, at that
time, no special ambassador in this country, com-
missioned to treat on the part of Great Britain,—
yet, at the instance of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on  Foreign Relations, the reso'ution was
laid upon the table, with a view of connecting with
it substantially the same resolution now submitted
by the Senator from South Carolina; and it was
chiefly on ibis account that he had proposed that
the resolution should lie over until to morrow. But,
under all the f ireumstances? of the case, as he (Mr.
A ) was uniformly in favor of laying before the
public all the information that wa« essentia), he
would vote for the resolution as it stood, without
embarrassing it by the addition of any matter that
might occasion a delay.   And, while he was will-
ing to admit that Senators were influenced (as he
had no doubt they were) by the highest and most pa-
triotic motives, he certainly thought there existed
the strangest infatuation with regard to the termi-
nation of the negotiations with Great Britain; for
he fully believed that this very act on the part of
Mexico resulted from the connexion between that
Government   and Gieat Britain, and, therefore,
ought to be treated as one and the same—as part
and parcel of the relations between  this country
and Great Britain.   The British Government un-
derstands its interests and its position, and under-
stands the professions of friendship, arising out of
the relations existing between the two countries,
as being the mere deceitful language of diplomacy.
Great Britain is too perilously situated at this
m"ment, in consequence of the exiting s'ate of
thing  in Earope and in this country, to tolerate
for a moment the renewing of a difficulty growing
out of the Caroline case. There were other ques-
tions of deeper interest—questions of territory;
and when you come to the point, as you will have
to come, you will fiad yourselves oblised to pare
off a portion of territory upon  the north, and to
limit yourselves upjn the south  and ihe west__
making Texas a bone of contention between
Mexico and the United States. You will find
Great Britain standing behind Mexico as her
buckler—having the territory of California and the
territory at the mouth of ihe Columbia offered by
Mexico as a reward for the recovery of Texas.
Hence it was, he contended, that there was an
evident connexion between the relations of those
two countries—a question so momentous to the
Southern portion of the Union He would vote
for this resolution, therefore, as calling for inform-
ation, not only in relation to Mexico, tut looking
through Mexico to Great Britain heiself. There
. need be no apprehension from Mexico; they need
not tremble at her threats, unless she were backed
by a more powerful nation
He had no expectation that they would escape a
war with Great Britain. He had heard it said
on that floor, that such an expression ought not to
be utterdd, because it might alarm the country.
Though he would not use the expression for the
purpose of creating a'arm, he would use it to put
the people on their guard, and prepare the popular
mind for the slate of things which he believed to
be impending. The strengih of this country depends
on the moral energy of the people; that energy re.
quires to he aroused; the bone and muscle of the
land require to be prepared for that state of things
