/
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            741
which the Government sees cannot long be avoided.
Give to England a piece of your territory in
Maine—let her obtain possession of California;
(for which the recovery of Texas by Mexico is to
be Ihe consideration)—let her send her fleets into
the Galf of Mexico, and she will command the
commerce of the whole western hemisphere. Her
object is, by all her energies, to obtain posses-
sion of this commercial influence—an influence
hostile to the interests of the United States. He
was jealous, therefore, of every form of govern-
ment dissimilar to our own, which was brought in
contact with it. He believed with the first states-
men of ant quay, that no state of circums'snces
between two free governments were as perilous
as the most trifling differences between a repufcl c
and a monarchy. The dissimilarity of insurant ns
was a subject of perpetual jealousy. While this
Government exists, every monarchy on the face of
the globe w uld endeavor to effect its overthrow.
Mexico is too feeble to act of herself; and, there-
fore, looking at the vast interests to be acquired by
England, by intermeddling and assisting Mexico—
actuated, as she was, by that natural hatred which
she bore to th & country, the centre of that civil
liberty which is so well secured by institutions
which are the admiration of the world— he nego-
tiations between Mexico and this country, and be-
tween Great Britain and this country, should all be
carried on as a thing of the same parcel and the
same piece He was not, (hen, for favoring the
designs of Great Britain, by permiiting her to ope-
rate again t v% through Mexicc; nor was he for
allowing monarchical institutions to be established
in the southern part of this co¿H'r>ent, to exercise
a tyranny which tas a di'grace to humanity
These were his senium ris on this subject. He be-
lieved there were tho«e present «ho would live to
see the day when these forebodings of such an
attempt, and a confl cl with that nation, would be
realized. He had long been impressed with a be-
lief that we would have a conflict with England—
one for territory and commerce.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the Indian.
Department was then taken up as in committee of
the whole    No amendment being offered, the bill
was reported back to the Senate, read a tmrd time,   ,
and passed.                                                                I
The bill for the relief of Boyd Reily was next
taken up as in commutee of the whole.
Mr. 'TAPPAN explained the na'ure of this
claim. It appears to he a bill to compensate Mr.
Reily for the use of his pa 'ent baths in the army
and navy, and for the transfer oí the patent-right
to the Government                                                    j
Ths bill was reponed back to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a th.rd
reading.
Mr. MERRICK, if his fr end from New York,
[Mr. Tallmadge] would ref'am from pres mg his
special order of taking up the exchequer bill,   ould
move to go mto executive session, as there was a
considerable arrear of business to bring up, which
called for immediate action He was sure his
friend would, in consideration of the ttrn attend-
ance of the Senate, .ee the propriety of not piess-
  ^   ing ihe special order to day.
Mr TALLMADGE essentmg to the proposi-
tion to postpone calling up the special order,
The Senate, on Mr. MERRICK'S motion, went
into executive session, and, after some hours spent
therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 11, 1842.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill from the Sena'e, whose
title was not herd
Mr C J INGERS1LL introduced a bill enti-
tled "An act to amend an aet for altering the times
of holding the United S a es dis'nct courts in
Western Pennsylvania " The bill was read three
times, and passed
Mr. McKENNAN was understood to presen
the proceedings of a meeting on the subject oí tae J
exercise of the veto power, and he asked that they
might be lead
Mr. WELLER objected.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objicted to the introduc-
tion of the paper at all.
Mr. McKENNAN moved a suspension of the
rules for the reception of the paper
Mr. WISE inquired if there was not a rule for
the reception of petitions, without consuming the
time of the House?
Mr. McKENNAN, nevertheless, piessed his
motion, as he desired the paper to be read.
The SPEAKER put the question, and decided
that it was determined in the negative.
Mr R W.THOMPSON called for a division
[Severpl voices called out that it was too late—
ihe decision having been made.] He insisted that
it >vas not too late, contending that he had spoken
before the Speaker's decision was announced,
though, in the confusion of the House, it might
not have bien heard.
Mr BOTTS also insisted that a division had
been called for in proper time
The SPEAKER said the decision was announced
before the call lor a division was heard, and he
hoped the gentleman from Indiana would submit
to the decision of the Chair.
Here ihf matter dropped.
Mr J W JONES rose to present the resolu-
tions of a meeting, which he desired to explain.
Mr JAME3 objected
[These resolutions were presented without obser-
vation, and appeared to be the report and resolu-
tions adopted on the 21 day of July, 1849 by the
Democratic S ate-nght Republicans of the cuy of
Richmond,Virginia, friendly to free trade ]
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr BRIGGS, the Hop^e resolved
itself into Committee oí the Whole on] the state of
the Union, (Mr. McKennan of Pennsylvania in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of trie bill to
provide revenue from imports, and toi n/odify the
several acts imposing duties  n imports/ the ques-
tion being on the motion of Mr. Salbdnstall to
amend the bill, by <-ub titutmg for it tie tariff bill
rej orted by the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. HOLMES was entitled to the floor from
Saturday, and he spoke through his hour, but so
loud was the hum of voices through the hall, aid
so low were the tones of his voice, that it was only
occasionally lh°t we could catch the purport of his
observations. He was undeis ood to give his de-
cided opposition to the bill before the committee,
and to the policy which its supporters designed to
pursue. He ssid it was bv one of the most extra-
ordinary expedients that it was now proposed to fill
an exhausted treaswry, it was a contradictory pro-
ject, because it sought to raise revenue by a meas-
ure which imposes dunes that would be exclusive,
and therefore would defeat the purpose which was
avowed. They were told that this country was
goiog begging amongst the brokers of Wall
street and the bankers id England, for the disposal
of vs stock, and it was now attempted to renovate
the credit oí the country by giving away their land
revenue if they ha' the constitutional right thus
to deprive the General Govemmtnt of that revenue,
he did not dnem it either right or patriotic to do so
at this par ícuhr juncture He was understood to
say th?t the nex' Congr ss would discover a deficit
of $12 000 000, and therefore there would be re-
quired either a furthei imposition of áuties, or a
resort to a new li an And how wa-> the loan to be
obtained? Who lerd 1 Cap tali-t . On what 1
Either on credit or on substance, but the substance
was gone, and, with it, credit wasgone too. Would
they then resort to an export duty ' He pom'ed
out the effects of direct taxation, as exemplified in
some of th° States of this Union, who^e people
were ground do vn by State taxes He advis*d the
committee, then, not to impose duties that should
be exclusive m tie r operation.
He was then understood to enter upon a consti
tutional argument, for the purpose of showing that
Congress bal no authority to impose duties '0 en-
courage domestic manufactures. He denied that
it wa« given by the " general welfare" clause of
the Constitfion He took a review of all the
measures which had occupied the attention of Con-
gress, from its origin to the present period, bearing
on this subject; but, for the reason assigned above,
a full report is for the present deferred."
Mr. LEWIS of Alabama commenced by ob-
serving that he seldom addressed the House, and
would not do so on the present occasiOs, were it
not for the prominent importance that he attached
to the bill on the table He looked upon that bill not
only as the leading measure of the session, butasthe
leading measure of the Whig pally—that measure
to which all others had tended, and th?t measure
which, if consummated, would carry into full eifect
the policy of that party Mr L viewed it as the
return to that disastrous system of measures under
which the coun'ry was now suffenrg, and suffer-
ing with an mtensi'y unknown and unparalleled m
its history He hesitated not to say that the suffer-
ings of the coun ry under tariff , banks, internal
improvements, and other kindred Whig measures,
were greater than those produced by the last war
wnh Great Bnta n.
That system commenced first with a Bank of
the United States; then followed the tariffs of 1824
and 1828, then came the system of internal im-
provements, which was presented with so much
vigor and so much injustice un If r the administra-1
t on of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] then in the distribution of the surplus1 re-
venue, then m an inflation of th-  currency, unpar-
elleled since lb  days of John Law, and, finally,
in a sys em o" bankrup cy pervading the country
from one end to the otK r N >w, having run thi3
disastrous course, the Whig party, deaf to the ad-
monitions of rxoenence, were for returning to it
aaain, and producirg a'l thos" rum u  results
which the country has hernUio.e witnessed All
these measures «nginated in sprcnl legislation for
srecial interests, intended for the benefit of the
few, and not of the many—interests of a clique and
class, m opposition to the general interests of the
country; and he would say again, that if th'S meas-
ure should be passed, he would lock upon it as a
c nsummation of the scheme? devi'ed for the bene-
fit of a few, at the expense of the many. Monop-
olists had always found it th-ir interest to associ-
ate together, and it was by association that they
were enab'ed to accomplish their obje' ts. If a bank
party would p'ss a tariff, then a t?r ff party would
pas a bank, and thus the one measure would bring
on the other The debt in wo ch the nation was
involved, Mr. L looked upon as the work of these
associate ínteres s—a debt which, he said, was
created not for war, and not for any unforeseen
misfortune, but brought on by premeditated and
designed extravagance. Two years ags we were
out of debt, and it was to build up these associate
interests that thu, debt wa5 created, and the way
wa° prepared ft r it, b> reporting to a system of ex-
travagance unoxaTiplfd in the his'ory of the coun-
try Hav ng es aM shed thi-s debt, we had sub-
stituted for the o'd system of m'ernsl improvements
the new system of ais'nbuuor—a system to dis-
tnbu'e the Federal icvenue htiO'g the Sates—
which, m his view, was more profligate and more
was'e'ul than the rid system of internal improve-
ments Yoa are now (said Mi L ) about passing
a Dili which must, m the rnd, lead to the consum-
mation of the sys em, by bii"gmg us to the as-
sumption of the State debts. He knew that at this
time there were few vho wou'd have the courage
to avow that they were in favor of acsumption;
but he ¡mow that there v ere many who were not
yet prepared to go for l', but who would embrace
it with alacrity when ¡ley thought the proper time
bad arrived He knew, too, that many of the
Whig party were opposel to it altogether; but so
sure as men'  opinions and characters were influ-
enced by circumstance , so sure would the Whig
party, when the time came, vo e f )r the measure.
The principle of assumption bad alre&dy been
recognised, by passing the distribution act. What
more could gentlemen do, after thus admitting that
ihey could distribute the Federal revenue for State
purposes?
According to all his concep'ions of free govern-
ments, they were instiiuted so'ely for the protec-
tion of life, liberty, and property, and he, therefore,
looked upon the whole «cheme of distribution as
at war wnh the principles for wh ca this Govern-
