1á$
ment was created. He looked upon the system of
protective tariff  and distribution as the grossest
and most unjust species of favoritism. It took
from one man to give to another, and it took from
one State to give to another. It amounted to
nothing m^re than the right of Government 10
destroy property at the will ot the Government
He would rather repudíate his debt, or fail to pay
it from inability, than make another pay it for
hit ; and he would not hesitate to say that he
would rather repudiate the debt of Alabama than
make this Government pay it. The distribution
act was but one step in the system of subsidizing
the States. We shall (said Mr L) not only have
to assume the Stale debts, but we shall have to
iupport the State Governments by duties on im-
ports—by deluding the people, walking on the
blind side of the n, and taking taxes from them
without their knowledge—a system unworthy of
the spirit oí the age, unworthy of our institutions,
and unworthy oí the intelligence of the people.
The schemes of these associated interests (said
Mr. L ) were to be consummated for the Presiden-
tial contest of 1844, and if the principles to which
be had referred were to prevail, he would not turn
«n his heel to make a President If, said he, we
are to have these associate interests of lanff, bank,
and internal improvements, he knew not the man
■who would be so fit to rule over the country as the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams;] but,
believing that the people of this country were too
intelligent long to submit to such a system )■ he
hoped that the days of such politicians were Hum-
bert d He would say nothing of this bill with re-
gard to its gross violauon of the compromise act.
The cimpact, however, made by that act, had been
faithfully kepi by the South. We submitted to it
(said Mi L) for nine years, the manufacturers en-
joyed the prolecuon that it gave, as witnessed by
the fact that it was the only time ihey had been
quiet since the tariff of 1816—and, indeed, Ihey
never were more prosperous than they were in
1840 Bin it was proposed by this bill, not only
to supersede, but lo violate the spirit of the com-
promise ret,. It was proposec1, not only to raise
the telle ot dti'es beyoad what was promised in
that ¡set, but to violate that provision which de-
clared that the Government should be economi-
cally administered.
Yet wp are told (said Mr. L.) that it is a revenue
Measure. Why it was to be called a revenue
measure, wheiitwasa scheme for violating the
compromist ?ct, he did not know. It had as few
feature*- if a icveniie measure as any bill that
could be possibly magined Hu, friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr J W Jones] had demonstrated that, on
some aitic'e", the drawbacks would exceed the
revenue; while the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr Adams] had admitted that, on at least ten
millions, ihe duties would be prohibitory, and in-
stead of calculating the revenue on ninety millions
of import , he estimated them on eighty. Now,
he believ, d that the importations would be less,
and that we should, therefore, collect less than the
fpn'Ieman counted on He did not believe that
thp raannfic urcrs wore so poor that Ihey could not
und>r eil the foreign manufacturer when the du-
ties i ere a s il so aigh, and hr thought that much
more of the dun  would ami tint to a prohibition
than gentlemen thought 'or. Gentlemen need not
base their calculations on the impoilations of for-
mer vear-, Tneie would be now no aids from
an inflated timer cy, no a'ds from stocks sold
abroad, tobf leturned to us in manufactured goods,
but v.e shauld ha/e to import under a cunency
«duccd almost to a specie standard, and under that
of pec mm} embarra saient, labich crippled the
mean  of j i Sividuals as well as the States The
revmue woulu ih^n tall snort, and we should have
tore*o)ttoa propnrty tax, and ihen that time
cam', >he roanu aaurers, instead of fading pro-
tection, woold have to contribute to the support of
Govwimunt.
Bjt, Mr. L. as'te 1, where was the justice,
•where the proprie y oí thro-ving ihe whole burdens
of Government on imports? Where was the pro-
•jiueij cf selectirg one branch of industry fo*
tbe*vpt>se of drawing from it the contnbutiois
TKj.o^stamU come from all?   But it was argued
CONGRESSIONAL QLOB&_
that revenue was the object, and that the burden
would fall on the consumer. Then, if it was true
that the tax fell on the consumers only, why not
lay it on the manufacturers, who might, in their
turn, throw it off on the consumers? But, (said Mr.
L.,) under this system, while we pay twenty millions
of taxes to the Government, we pay infinitely more
for incieasing the value of domestic manufac-
tures; and, in paying this twenty millions into the
eoffVrs of the Government, at least one hundred and
sixty millions more went into the pockets of the
manufacturers. Mr L here went into a calcula-
tion to prove the truth of this position. It had been
asked, if the protection already enjoyed by the
manufacturers was sufficient, how was it that they
were no' prosperous? He believed that, com-
pared with other interests of the country, they
were prosperous; though not so much so as in
1840 and 1841, as they are feeling the effects
of the pressure which now bears on all other
interests of the country. One evidence of their
prosperity was the amount of those export ; and
he would here remark, that the exports of our
manufactures never were so large as they were in
1840 and 1841, which were the last years of which
we had any account. Now, if they were brought
to such a state of distress by the operation of the
compromise act, how happened it that they were
able not only to supply the home market, but to
export largely? He had tables to show that, while
the imports of manufactures were in a state of
gradual reduction, and that we were coming near-
er and nearer every year to the Chinese policy of
shutting out the products of other countries, the
exports had, in the years he had mentioned, great-
ly increased. Mr. L also referred to some inter-
esting facts collected from the census tables, as
«showing the prosperity of the manufacturing in-
terest, compared with other interests of the country
By these tables, it appeared that the number of
persons engaged in agriculture was over three mil-
lions; and the amount of their products was
$749,453,471—equal to $213 71 to each person.
The number employed in manufactures was
791,745, and their products—the amount the re-
porter could not catch—was equal to $500 14
cents to each person. Mr L als,o showed, from
the same tables, ihe amount of capital employed in
agriculture and manufactures, and that ihe profits
were nearly three times as much in the latter as m
the former Notwithstanding these facts, gentle-
men who supported the manufacturing interests
had the boldness to come forward and at,k that the
agriculturists should be taxed for their benafit, on
the pretence of being protected from foreign com
petition. Now he would ask, bow long were they
to be protee'ed from foreign competition?
We have had (said Mr. L ) this burden on our
shoulders from 1816 till this time, and the manu-
facturers, who said in the commencement of the
system, that all they wanted wps protectioi for a
short time, to enible them to stand alone, were
still clamorous for protection, and for the same
reasons. When, then, was the system to cease'
It certainly was a burden toagnculture^-tbat must
be admitted by all, for, if manufactures could not
be brought in cheaper from foreign countries than
ihey could be produced here, why impose protec-
tive duties? Was this thing to last alwavs? Was
there no period to which they were to look forward
when manufaciures could be supported wuhout im-
posing additional burdens on the rest of the com-
munity? Now they were as keen for protection as
they were m 1816, and more so, for they then
came, cap in hand, and begged as a favor what
they now demanded as a right.
It was his deliberate conviction (Mr. L. «aid)
thalhigh duties never could increase the prosperity of
the manufacturer. They began at the wrong end
Instead of asking for protection to increase the
price? of iheir products, the> should produc- cheap-
ir, and this was the only way to become more
pro^peious They could not, by legislation, change
ihe laws of trade, which were ot Divine origin
They could not fix factitious prices, and keep them
un higher than in the markets of the world, te-
cause Ihe smuggler would interpose and beccme
ihe vindicator of free trade He had been inform-
ed, from tne best authority, that the price of smug-
gling now m New York was 30 per cent, on the
foreign value; and that there were persons there
who would contract to deliver goods at this rate,
which covered also freight and insurance. It ap-
peared to him that, if he had wished to frame a
bill for the encouragement of smuggling, this.of all
others, would answer the purpose best. Foreign
goods would be smuggled in on the Northeastern
frontier, while the lawful trade on the Atlantic sea-
board would be greatly diminished. New York
would sink, and Buffalo would rise on its rums.
He contended that there must be a proper reci-
procity between the seller and the buyer, in ord r
to produce a healthy state of trads The life of
business was competition. The whole was a game
of competition. Unless we sought the markets of
the world for our productions, we could claim no
advantage over the savage What were the bene-
fits of civilization, except that by the aid of ma-
chinery it enables the inhabitant ; to have clothing
or other conveniences which the savage could not?
Were our manufacturer^ to be satisfied with the
home markei? If they went beyond the home
market, duties would do no good But gentlemen
had said that we had not the same advantage of
capital and labor as England, and therefore we
needed the aid of a protective tariff. He (Mr. L )
contended that if England could manufac'ttre so
much cheaper, then we were engaged in the busi-
ness at a losing rate, and the sooner we abandon-
ed it the better. Bat we had, in many respects,
superior advantages to England—cheaper house-
rent, water-power, provisions, and, he was about
to say, cheaper government; but he almost doubted
whether taxes paid in England exceeded those con-
tributed by our united Federal, State, and county
Governments.
In answer to the argument lhat we should impose
retaliatoiy duties, he should say that the universali-
ty etf retaliation would destroy its effect Let the
iron manufacturer have protection alone, and you
make him rich Bat give the same protection to
all other manufacturers, and you destroy the ben-
efit of any particular one. It was like one gentle-
man rising to address the Chair he was certain he
had the floor. But let a dozen rise at once, it
would take away the advantage of any separate
man.
Mr. L. took a view of ihe state of thirgs mEng-
land, and the disadvantages under which the la-
borer there had to live. Let those burdens be ta-
ken off—the tax on his bread and meat—and the
manufacturers here could not begm to contend
with those in that country. They could harely do
it now. He referred to the fact that Sir Robert
Peel had lately proposed a reduction of the duties
in England Thus, whilst that country was un-
binding us fetters, we were putting on more.
He argued that another result of increased du-
ties at this time would be an expans on of our cur-
rency. It would raise the price ci foreign goods,
which could not b" sold here as now The effect
would be, that specie would come here in return
for our exports, and the meney level m thiscoun-
iry wouid be raised. Production rsculd be m-
cteased, and ihe country become apparently pros-
perous whilst it was in fact in no better erudition
than before the increased duties were imposed.
Mr BOTTS ob'aired the floor, and addressed
the committee at length, ehiefly n opposition to the
legality of the course pursued by the Executive, m
issuing circulars to the collectors of the customs,
and m favor of an impeachment of ihe President.
He contended tlfat the Executive had no right to
prescribe the mode m which d« ie- should be col-
lected. It was illegal; and, if acquiesced m, ihe
President might ordtr a duty of 20 per cent, to-
da ', and 5 per cent to-rrorrow This he regaided
as a grievous sia'e of things, for which there was no
remedy but impeachment or revolut on He sol-
emnly believed that if the pewer of the House to
impeach was rot resort d to, in less than six
months Pennsylvania aveni.e uculd gleam with
10,000 bayonet". At the proper time he should
make a movement on the íultect of impeachment,
and, in dung sr, be disclaimed acting by the coun-
m 1 of the Whig partv He stood on bis own re-
sponsibility, and claimed the merit of having been
