CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            745
Tnis is the sole question to be settled, and not that
of the conduct ot Gen. Hull in another and a dif-
ferent capacity.
Mr. PRESTON concurred fully with the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, that nothing
can be more painful than to look back to the close
of this old gentleman's military career—a close
which contrasts so darkly with his former services.
But what had been said in relauon to that termina-
tion of his military life, was not said with a view
of casting more odium on his name, but in conse-
quence of the question now pre'ented to the Sen
ate, which necessarily calls up some consideration
of the facts as they really occurred.
He could not help believing that the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, much as he respected
his authority, had taken an erroneous view of this
subject. He evidently thinks General Hull was
entitled to his salary after his arrest, because hi 
right was accorded up to the day of the arrest
Now, this was a position which he (Mr. P ) was
not prepared to admit. For he held that when, in
virtue of his military commission, he surrendered
the Territory over which he presided into the hands
of the enemy, he gave tap, in that act, his political
or civil jurisdiction, and, by placing the Territory
in the keeping of a foreign foe, he annulled his
own commission.
His representatives now call for compensation—
for what? For his services? How could hs per-
form the duties of an office which, by his own act,
he either abolished or incapacitated himself from
performing? If the question had been put at the
time, whether he should be paid a salary from this
Government for the period from his surrender till
his pardon, there would not have been found a
man, woman, or child, ready to advocate the claim
He was arrested, tried, and sentenced to death for
his actions during that time, and it was only
through executive clemency he escaped. There
was not one who would not have considered the
exercise of that clemency a full quittance for any
possible claim he could have set up upon the gen-
erosity of the Government; and few would have
argued that he had rendered services from the date
of his surrender, deserving of any national compen-
sation
Mr CALHOUN said that he was not a little sur
prised with several things connected with the sub
ject before the Senate
He was, in the first place, surprised that the rep
resentatives of General Hull should ever think oí
presenting this claim to Congress He would not
be more so, if the representatives of Arnold should
piesent a claim for his pay, as a geneial in om ser-
vice, after he had committed his treason, on the
ground that he held the commission of a general,
which had not been revoked It would he eteiy
whit as reasonable as this He could never foi get
the deep and universal indignation which pervaded
the whole country on the sunender of Detroit
Never before or since had he witnessed anything
like it He agreed with his colleague that the
judgment then pronounced by the public on the act
had never been reversed, and probably never would
be
He was still more surprised that s0 respectable a
committee as that on the Judiciary should report in
favor of the claim How could his pay as Gov-
ernor be allowed, when there wai for the time, no
such Territory as Michigan's it had, by his own
act, become a British Province, and remained so till
it was re conquered by the army under Geneial
Harrison With what show, then, of justice or
equity, could he be paid for gov ernmg a Territory
that did not exist, and which had ceased to exist bv
his own act1* The erroi of the committee consist
ed in supposing that the commission—the mere
paper and wax—and not the service, gave the pay
But what surprised him most of all was the fact
that the respectable committee should report m fa
vor of the claim of General Hull ai er having re
pitted against that of General Jackson    His was a
clear case    He paid the fine which had been un
posed for an act done in the performance of a dutt
of the last importance to the Union, and for which
he received the thanks of the Government and the
country, and yet, the same committee, at the same
session,   which  repoited  against   returning  the
money to General Jackson, who successfully de
fended New Orleans, now report m favor of allow-
ing the pay of General Hull for governing the Ter-
ritory of Michigan, which he for a time lost to the
Union by cowardice or treason' How strange that
such unequal justice should be meted out by the
committee to General Jackson, who terminated the
war with glory, and General Hull, who commenced
it with disgrace1
Mr BAYARD was of opinion that the com-
mittee had not looked into the principle of con-
trac s, which always must govern matters, of con-
tract between the employer and employed—whe her
for services to the Govsrnmenl, or lo any one el^e
it was very probable that the paying officer of
the department had paid Gen Hull up to Febru-
ary, merely because be saw an appropriation pro-
viding for such payments to that period, and paid
no regard to the question of service", and that he
had no further appropriation to authorize further
payment.
Mr CLAYTON explained that such was not
the case, a  the paying officer expressly assigns
bis reason for stoDpmg the payment m February.
Mr BAYARD continued, and argued, with
much logical acumen, that an office lik" that of
Governor of a Territory is held upon the condition
of performing the duties, and it is only on the per-
formance of those duties that compensation can be
due. If, therefore, the office is abandoned, the
duties cannot be performed, and there can be no
claim for the compensation.
Mr. BERRIEN reiierated his previous argu-
ments, and maintained that the formal revocation
of Gen Hull'* commission, in October, 1813 was
a recognition on the part of the Government of its
being till then in force, and, as it was m force, the
emoluments to which it entitled him remained his
due till paid.
Mr PRESTON was struck with the force of
those reasons which had írfluenced the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Beubien,] and
of the necessity for giving due time for their con-
sideration The discussion had already consumed
more time than was anticipated He would, there-
fore, move to lay ihe bill on the table.
The question being then taken on laying the bi'l
on the tabh?, it was concurred in without a di-
vision.
The bill for the relief of Boyd Reily was taken
up, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr BERRIEN, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up, as in committee of the whole, the bill for
the relief of the persons residing within the re-
puted limits of the States of Arkansas and Lout'
siana, and beyond the boundary-line betwten f-e
United Slates and the Republic of Texas, as es-
tablished by the commissioners appointed to ascer-
tain the same.
Mr B. explained that the bill was merely to al-
liw those per-ons to letum wuhm the limits of l'ie
United Stales, with the property which they had in
possession at the time previous to the running <f
the line, by which cause they were thrown under
another Government.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and or-
der) d to be engro^sci for a 'hird reading.
Mr GRAHAM made an ineffec ual effort to
lake up ti e bill to provide for selling the ciaims in
Fi< notarising out ot the military occupancy ot
thst Ferntorf, wh<n,
On motion of M' MERRICK, the S na'e pro-
ceed ! to the eonsiderat en   of executive bu meo ,
and, af'er some time spent therein,
Adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
TokSDav, Tulv 19, 1842.
Mr ADAMS asked leave to offer the 'ollowinj
resolution
Resolved, That the Preside it nf the United State* be reo, o
e 1 to cause to be communicated to this House so far as m ly t e
^onpaublu with the publicnteiest c piesof aUthecorrespon
^nce between th   Governments of the United htates and Meii
co since the appointment 01 the present Civoy EUnor hnary
and ÍVtinistei Pjemiotentia y of the United -tate" to Mexico
at! of the instructions given  to that Minister at and sine   hi
departure upon his rustían   and of his despatches to thi   G v
ernmeot  and paiticularly of any complaint of the Govei nro
|   of Mexico   alteeing the tokranon by the Goveu ment ol tie
United Stateg of hostile mterfeience by their citizens m ¡e
war between Mexico and  lexa«, and of any answer on fie
part of this Govcrninentto such cumplan t
Also copies of all correspondence between the Governments
of the United States and Texas, since the last comrnunicauon ol
the President to Congress relating to that Republic, and of
any proclamations of the President thereof, declaring his deter-
mination to invade the Mexican Republic, and inviting the co.
operation of the citizens of the United States in such intended
invasion And the President is requested to inform this House
whether any, and, if any, what, notice has been taken by the
Executive of the United States of the said pioclamatior. of the
President of Texas
Mr. PICKENS objected to the reception of the
latter part of the resolution, and was proceeding
to state his reasons for so doing, when
Mr. FILLMORE said that the resolution must
lie over, if debate would arise
After some conversation between Messrs AD-
AMS, PICKENS, CÜSHING, and the SPEAK-
ER—
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky called for the
reading of the resolution, and objected to its recep-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspens'on of the rules,
in order to have the resolution received, and called
for the yeas and nays, wh ch were ordered.
Thereupon, Mr. ANDREWS withdrew his ob-
jection; and the first division of the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. ADAMS (Mr. Pickens having adhered to
his objection to the second part of the resolution)
then moved a suspension of the rules, for the pur-
pose of receiving it.
The House refused to suspend
POSTPONEMENT  OP THE ACTION ON
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr FILLMORE rose, and said he was instruct-
ed by Ihe Committee of Ways and Means to move
a postponement of the joint order (the considera-
tion of Teintonal business) for the three ensuing
days until Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, of
next week    His object was to have the day for
final action en the tariff bill deferred.
Objection having been made by Mr, JOHN
YOUNG and o.hrr«—
Mr FILLMORE moved a suspension of the
rules.
This mo ion was adopted—ayes 133, noes 28.
So the motion was received, and, upon the ques-
tion being taken, was adopted bv the House.
Mi. FILLMORE then offered a resolution, the
effect of which nas to postpone the time appoint-
ed for voting n committee on Ihe amendments to
the tariff bill, from 12 o'clock this day until 12
o'clock on Friday next The resolu ion al'o pro-
posed to stop all general debate en the tariff bill
to day, and appropriate the remaining three days
to a di'cussun of the details of the bill—allowing
any member offering an amendment fifteen minutes
lo sp"ak on it, and any other metrber ten minutes
to reply.
Mr. ANDREWS objected to .he reception of
the resolut on
Mr. FILLMORE moved a suspension of the
rulfs for the purpose of rrc-tvmg i'
Mr J R INGERSOLL asked it the resolution
would not be r pen to amendment, ir case the rules
were s.icpenaed'i
The SPE4KEP replied in the ¡tfíirmat ve.
The rales wer¿ then impended—ayes 190, noes
17
Mi   FILLMORE, atiera remark teaching the  •
importance ot the subject, moved  the previous
question
Mr ANDREWS objected to the previous ques.
t'on, b'cau^e it was said, be'br  theieles were su°-
peuded, that the resol it'on woii'd be open to
amendment
The previo'is question was sustained, and ihe
re olu'ion w,i->adop ed, wi'hout a oivi ton, a'id after
«■everal attcnnN 'o lay it en the tahie, and to have
the) eas * n 1 nays recorded on its adoption.
THE TARIFF BILL.
On l oiioi cf Mr TtLLMORE, the House re-
s^ Ived it>e { into a Co. mil ee tí the Whole on ihe
(fN th  Union, ard Resumed >he consideration
rf ihe lar ff bill
Mr T4C0B THOMPSON who was entitled to
the floor, addressed the (topm.t'ee in. opposition to
tie principles embod ed in the I 1 He was m-
'iiced, as he «aid, to dofo, beciuse he believed it
to be his du'y lo exoress what he felt to be the
opinions of his n nstuntnK He «as surprised
to  see   the  dogmas   u Ivth  had  Deen   asier ed
