^46
m the debate. It baa been alserted that the duties
proposed would fall upon no one, that they would
Dof be oppressive, that they would afford relief to
the people, and, also, that the imposition of duties
would make articles become cheaper. The gentle-
man who held this last argument turned around
and declared that this tariff was necessary to pro-
tact the labor of America against the pauper labor
of Europe.
Some gentlemen, too, had actually asserted that
the producer paid the tax imposed on lmpcts, and
that the burdens were not borne by the consumer.
It really seemed that they had found the philoso
pher'  stone, and a mode by which the G >veri-
tnent could he supported without taking anything
out of the jackets of the people ' These gentle-
men, too, had appealed to the cotton-growers, and
maintained that even they would require protec-
tion against the competition of India. He should
argue the question as if we were all consulting the
interests of each other. The first principle he laid
down was, that if Congress imposed dunes, they
must be paid by some one. The #27 000 000 of da
ties must be paid by the people ot the United States,
inhabiting a great country, extending from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, and from the Gulf of Mexico
to the St. John's—a people wi h diversified occupa-
tions, climate, and soil. The diversified interests
of such a country—the shipping of Maine—manu-
factures of Massachusetts—wool of Vermont—
grain and commerce of New York—the tobacco
and numerous products of the middle S ates—the
cotton and rice of the South—all these, be thought,
it would be the policy of the patriotic mind to al-
low to pursue their own course, assigniag to e<>eh
man the pursuit which pleaded him be«t. His
policy wouid be to leave them all undisturbed, and
afford bounties to none.
Suppo e the Government could be suppoited
without 'any taxation whatever, suppose the pi o
ceeds of the sales of the public land*, would sup-
port the Government, pnd no necessity existed for
impost duties- would it not be a boon to the coun-
try? Would n not be a blessing to have no taxes?
He was prepared for the answei which -orne gen-
tlemen would give to this q"e°tion lie was
aware that thee were many who would say that,
without 'axmon, the country would be ruined
Why so? Was there any rtjson ftr it? Could
not the citizen of Maw ■m-.etts become a citi-
zen of Mississippi, or oí ?nv other State? In this
country, should a man fatl,m one occupation, or
in one section of the country, he had but to go to
another, and there , west his means The object
of government, as he conceived, was to give eq tal
rights, privilege-, and protection to all the citizens
living undent, Interests had, however, grown up
in this country, under the influence of partial
legislation, and those m'erests now called for fur-
ther bountits from the Government.
He entered in'o a histery of the rise and prog.
ress of the protective-tariff p key since ite clr>?e
of th* late war wuh England—its augmenta ion
in 1824-28, and its reduction since 1833 He
procec led to show that the manufacturers would
have adequate pio'ecuon, even at 20 per cent.,
and quoted, on this hea i, the authority (f his friend
from Penn^jlvama, [Mr. C J. Iaoersoll,] who,
he regretted, had madt -.och a strargp speech He
argued that the manufacturer <f Massachusetts
should not i «m upon (anher bounties
The nex' point to whicn he wish d o brm? tne
attention if tl e committee was, how Ih s bi ] com-
pares  i h the tariff oí 1828 A gen'lemai from
Ptnnvylvama ycsUrday said ib.it was an excessive
tanff, and so far as he (Mr. .Thompson) knew the
voire of fa<s cons tuen's, he was enabled to say
that he knew not oDe who was in favor of the pro-
tec'ive tariff of 1823, v he h r Wh g or JDt-moorpt,
for both dentunc-d it a" a bi!l ol fiborruaions
They were nec"°s?rily, tnen, opnos d to iht bill
now before the cotimittee, whico had ?1> the o 'ions
features of the bill of 182S—if, indeed, it w¡>s not
more onerous and mo e opp^e stve. Aui^i gst
other features of the bill, wjs 'he pre-ervaiion of
cash duties In 1823 there was a ctedit-jsem,
and that aided and facilitated importations. But
here it was intended to change the system m that
lespect.   There might, also, be 5 per cent added
c&mi&Ei&sioti'&L atoM.
for home valuauon, but the cash principle first de-
manded attention. In the bill of 1828 theie were
also the two principles wh'oh his constituents con-
demned—the one the minimum, and the second the
specific duties. The minimum feature was the
most oppressive in the bill; for it made the poor
man bear unequal burdens in the support of the
Government
The honorable gentleman here entered into a
minute and detailed statement of the operation of
the bill on cheap cottons, and complained of the
dismgenuousuess of the friends of these bills, and
their want of candor towards the people. He next
alluded to the article of wool, respecting which bis
statements were full ?nd elaborate. He compared
the bearings of the bill on the cotton-planter as
contradistinguished from the wool grower, and aKo
from theconsumer He explained the oppressive na-
ture cf the cash datie*, and then proceeded to com-
ment on th<i duties on b'ankets, flannels, and cotton
baggmg, and asked if the h^mp grower was entitled
to oppress the cotton grower1 If so, it would drive
the cotton-grower to expedients, which be specified.
He imagined that this was an inducement with
Western men to support the protective tariff, for if
they could g"t pi o ection for their hemp, they were
willing to extend it to others, for the protection ex-
tended to them, aid hence he was strengthened m
an impression that it was to he fastened upon the
country by a combination of interests.
He next alluded to the non interest, which call-
ed (or protec ion, to a want of which they at-
tributed their failure, when, m fact, it was solely
attributable to the bad management of their bui-
ne*s He also controverted the posi ion which
had been iaken by several gentlemen, that duties
did not increase the ccsl to ths consumer, and, af-
ter a full review, he ca'isd upon the committee to
pause ere it adopted such a bill of abominations
r.s that under consideration. A tax for revenue
alone should be ¡a d, and lot a tax which wouid
strike at the commerce and destroy the mdus ry of
any portion of tne country, for one of the first prin-
ciples of our Government was equal ngats and
equal privileges And, again, in laying a tax for
revenue to meet the expenses of the Government,
he beheytd it should be laid with reference to less
tfisn he prtsen' expenditure of the General Gov-
ernment He biheted ev n the expenses of Mr
Van Buret)'  administration were too great ard
too exfavagant, and he believed taey could be
much reduced below the amount proposed by tl e
Committee of Ways and Means. In 1823 the ex-
penses of oar Government were not $10,000,000,
and this y ar they weie to be §25 000,000, accord-
it g to a 'ab'e v hirh had been prepar-d at the ther
end of the Capitol. Since 1823 the population has
increased seventy-five per een' —making a total of
ale • seventeen millions, and a half and, with pn
econom cal admin stration of their affairs, he be-
lieved ihe standard of 1823 might be applied to the
piesent penod, and, i' calculated in proportion to
tie increase of population, the amount would sir 1
be much less than that now contemplated.
He condemned the distribution feature of the
bill, but, from recent circumstance?, he was enabled
to entertain a hope He glanced at the project for
the assumption of State debts, and as h's time was
neirl,* expned, he said he would not enter upon
the o bet subjects \vh ch he had deigned to no ice
Mr CARY followed, during the residue of the
time ail wed tn debate—barely twetty inmutes—
durin? w1 i b, he r-npo-ed th  bul, and contended
that ¡be Govern nem had no authority to raise tax-
es for any odier purpose than an ecoasmical ad-
mimstiation of th  Government.
The hour of 12 having am/ed, to which time
the gener-i delate was lim ted by lie resolutions
heretofore passed, and wnen, by the last resdution,
the comtii tee was required to proceed to the con-
sideration of the details of tKe bit1—
Mr S4LTONSTALL ros , and withdrew his
motion to om Dd the bill by subs ltuhng for it that
repcrted by 'he Committee on Manufactures
Mr   FILLMORE moved an amendment, pro-
v <Ung that the Lilt sh .11 go into opera ion on the
,   15th day of Auyust next, in tead of after the 30 h
j   dey of June next    When the bill was fiamed, the
|   30¡h day oí June, inserted into it, referred to the
'■-  .....-     "....... ':!V-r";-iJ
30ih of June of the present year; but, by passing
it after that day, it would refer to the 30th June of
next ysar.
Mr CCJSHINGsuggested an amendment, which
it was very usual to insert m bills, and which, he
said, would obviate the difficulty—and that was,
to msert the words "from and after the passage of
this act."
After some remarks from Messrs FILLMORE,
ADAMS, and CU3HING, the amendment of the
latter was adopted, and the amendment, as amend-
pti curried
On motion of Mr FILLMORE a verbal amend-
ment was carried, striking out the word "now,"
and inserting the word "heretofore," so as to read
"the duties heietofore imposed," &c.
Mr. FILLMORE then, offered the following
amendment.
Strike cut the second article of the first section,
and insert—
"On coaise woo!, unmanufactured, the value whereof, at
the last port or place from whence exported to the United
States, shall be seven cents, or under, per pound, there shall he
levied a duty of five per centum ad valorem Provided, That
when wool of different qualities of the same kind or sort, is im-
ported in the same bale, has, or package, and the aggregate
value of the contents of the bale, hag or package shall be ap-
praised by the appraisers at a rate exceeding seven cents per
pound, it shall be charged wuh a duly ol nine cents per
pound Piomded, further, Tiat when wool of different
qualities and different kinds or sorts, is imported in the same
bale, bag, or package, the contents of the bale, bag, or pack-
age shall be appraned at the value of the finest or most vajua
ble kind or sorts of wool, and a duty charged thereon according-
ly Provided, ateo, That it bales of different qualities are em
braced m the same invoice, at the same price the vatue of the
whole shall be appraised according to the value of the bale of
the best quality Provided, fit l/teri That if any wool oe lm
ported having m it dnt or any material or impurities other
than those naturally belonging to the fleece, and thus to reduce
it m value to seven cents a pound, or under, the appraisers
shall appiaise said wool at such price as In their opinion, it
would have cost had it not been so mixed with such dirt or lm-
putities, and a duty shall be charged thereon in conformity
with such appraisal Provided, also, That wool imported m
the skin shall be estimated, as to weight and value, as other
wool '
Mr FILLMORE observed, m explanation, that
the commit ee, after a careful examination of the
subject, and after hearing all persons who were in-
terested in it, had come to the conclusion to recom-
mend this a'teration. The object of the amend-
ment was to reduce the m nimum named in the
second article of the first section, from 8 cents to 7;
and, secondly, to prevent the frauds which have
been practised by introducing wool of different
kinds in the same bale, and also to mix dirt and
other impurities wuh the wool, for the purpose of
reducing its value. Heretofore this low-priced
wool had been admitted duty free; but this bill be-
ing a revenue measure, it was proposed ti impose
a small duty on it.
Mr. WISE said, if he understood the amend-
ment, it was to add 14 per cent on the duty on.
coarse wool provided for in. the bill as originally
reported by the committee. The bill, as it now
s ood, imposed a duty of 5 per cent, ad valorem on.
wool not exceeding 8 cents in value; the proposi-
tion being to put a duty of 5 per cent on wool not
exceeding 7 cents per pound in value, the effect of
which was to increase the duty 14 per cent.
Aft r an explanation from Mr. FILLMORE,
Mr GUSHING moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the words "o,i wool unman-
ufactured, ihe value whtrenf at the last port or place
fiom whence exported lo the United Slates, shall be
seven ten's or under -per pound, there ihall be levud'a
dvXjof 5 percent ad valorem'" His object (Mr.
C. said) was, at a proper time, to move that wool
of the value of eight cents per pound, and under,
should be admitted duty free. This description ot
woo! had heretofore been imported free rf duty;
and, under the compromise act, many manufac-
tories had ¡p'urg up, particularly in his section of
the country, at which the coarse wool was used.
These, he said, would be materially injured, if not
rumed altogether, if this heavy tax should be im-
posed on coarse wool
After some remaiks from Mr. EVEEETT in
opposition to Mr. Cushing's amendment, the ques-
tion was taken on it, and it was lost.
Mr SLADE moved to amend the amendment,
by sir king out seven cents as the price oí the wool,
and inserting vx cents, and offered a few remarles
j m support of his motion.   His principal argutóení
