CONGRESSIONAL C&OBE.
t47
was, thatxoarse wool was imported from Baenos
Ayres, which could be sold cheaper than that of
American growth.
Mr. PICKENS said that, as this was an impor-
tant principle, he should like to have it distinctly
settled. He was at a loss to understand whether
this bill was intended for revenue or for the protec-
tion of local interests. If he under-stood the gen-
tleman from Vermont, we were to protect our wool-
growers from the competition of those of Buenos
Ayres, and he should like to know, if this amend-
•mentjprevailed, whether the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was prepared with
another amendment, increasing the duty on coarse
woollen cloths, and other manufactures, so as to
cover this increased duty on coarse wool?
Mr. FILLMORE replying in the negative—
Mr. TILLINGHAST said that he would offer
an amendment to that effect.
Mr. PICKENS. Well, the gentleman from
New York will not offer it, but his friend from
Rhode Island will; and, by this combination, a bill
for protection was to be carried through. He
would ask these gentlemen if they thought that the
tax-payers of the country would be willing to stand
like sheep, and suffer themselves to be shorn in this
manner?
The question was then taken, and Mr Slide's
amendment was carried—ayes 85, noes 82
Mr. CHARLES BROWN moved to sirike out
5 per cent, duty on all wool costing less than 6
cents per lb , and inserting 1 per cent. He said
there were many manufacturers of coarse wool in
his district, who would be seriously injured by the
proposed duty. Heretofore, wools under 8 cents
had been imported free, and the articles manufac-
tured out of the wool were liable to a duty of 50
per cent. Now, the wool costing between 6 certs
and 8 cents a pound—weuld be 30 percent, and the
articles manufactured out of it be subject to but 40
per cent.—thus giving a home protection of but 10
per cent., and making (compared with former
laws) a difference against the manufacturers of
coarse wool of 40 per cent. This was, truly, a
strange way of protecting manufactures, or encour-
aging home industry. He thought the argument
had been, that it was necessary to protect Ameri-
can labor—that that was what had been paralyzed,
but now it seems the American manufacturer is to
be sacrificed, to promote the interest of ibe wealthy
sheep-grower. It i>> not the labor of man that is
to be increased, but the growth of sheep. It had
been said that protecting duties were necessary, in
consequence of the low price of labor in other
countries; but now, it seems, it is to protect against
he better breed or feed of animals abroad Such
a tariff as this, bis constituents had not a^ked foi,
and would not thank them for. D ss uised as it
might be, it was but a wolf m sheep's clothing, and,
for one, he wanted no such protection, and would
give his support to no suchirjunous measure. Be-
sides, these coarse wools are manufactured into
articles mostly used by the poorer cla ses To in-
crease the price of the raw material, would rais ,
necessarily, the price of the manufactured articles,
if the manufacturer continued to make them, and
thus the class of laborers, manufacturer , mechan-
ics, and others, would be oppressed, instead of ie-
lieved. And, instead of a measure equitably to raise
revenue, it seemed to him to be too much the char-
acter of the whole bill to pid the large manufactur-
ing capitalist and the producr r of the raw mate-
rial, at the expense of the smal'er manufacturers,
mechanics, and laborers. And it would have to be
materially changed, to get his support.
Mr. CUSH1NG moved to strike out 5, and in-
sert 2 per cent,, as the duty on unmanufactured
wool not exceeding in value 8 cents per pound.
Rejected, after some debaie between Messrs
CUSHING and FILLMORE.
Mr. CAVE JOJrINSON moví to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fillmore,] iy stnk ng out the amendment,
and inserting " on all unmanufac'ured woo), 20
per cent, ad valorem." He said that he was not
in favor of giving protection to the growers of
wool, or the manufacturers of wool, he was not in
favor of protection to any interest, other than that
which arose from duties laid solely and only foi
revenue. He proposed the 20 per cent, ad valorem,
because he believed it would produce more rev-
enue: this might increase the duties on coarse
wool, and would diminish it on that of a finer
quality. He did not look to these things, be looked
to the revenue. In addi ion to thi , it would di-
mmish the difficulties experienced by our custom-
house officers in the collection of the revenue. He
hoped the amendment would be adopted, and be
carried cut through the bill—dispensing with the
minimum principle adopted in it, and getting rid,
at the same time, of the controversies which we
now witness between the wool-grower and the
manufacturer of wool; the one wishing an in-
creased duty on the raw woo', the other resisting
that increase, unless a corresponding increase
should be given to the manufacturer, and both dis-
regarding the interest of the great body of the peo-
ple—the consumers He expressed his dissatisfac-
tion at the course of the Committee of Ways, and
Means, or its chairman. The bill had been long
printed and on our tatles, an amendment is now
offered, essentially changing a material and im-
portant part of the bill, that we could not have
printed, but mu-t guess at its provisions, as it is
read at the Clerk's table. He thought the chair-
man should have given notice to the committee,
and had his amendments printed.
This amendment was rejected.
Further unsuccessful propositions to amend the
amendment were offered by Messrs KING, AR-
NOLD, ?nd SLADE
Mr. EVERETT offered an amendment, to the
effect that, on all unmanufactured wool, the duty
shall be assessed on us value at the place where
entered; and that the said duties shall be at the fol-
lowing rates to wit. On all wool under 30 cents
per pound, 10 cents per pound, on all wool ovei
30 and under 50 cents, 15 cents per pound; and
on all wool of 50 cents and upwards, 20 cents per
pound He entered into some explanations to
enforce his amendment on the attention of thejeom-
mittee, and said, amongst other thmgs, that he rf-
ered it to test the sense of the House on the sub-
ject of foreign valuation.
Mr. FILLMORE ex pressed the surprise which he
had felt on listening to these amendments, after such
duties had been propose I as ought to be satisfac-
tory to the wool groweis, but he was much moie
surprised to find that gentlemen were desiront. to
append amendments to the bill which would be en-
tirely prohibitory
After some observations from Mr CUSHIN6,
Mr. EVERETT, and others, the first part of the
amendment—that re'atmg to foreign valuation,
which was ac'ed on separately—was negatived
Mr EVERETT withdrew the second part of the
amendment, and offered, in lieu thereof, an amend-
ment to the effect that all such wool should be as-
sessed on its value at the place of expoitation, the
duties speeded in his amendment he withdrew.
This was explained by Mr EVERETT, and,
after some obser/attons fiom Mr. CUSHING, the
amendment v.as negatived.
Mr  SMITH of Virginia moved to strike out
9  cents and insert 4 cents. He said it wab evident
that the attempt was made to >ee how much could
be rrrde out of the country by the imposition of
this duty, for the benefit of this one interest, and
lot with a view to revenue. He went en to ec n-
iend that, if high duties were imposed, they would
go  for  the benefit of the wool-grower, on whom
10   burdeiss were imposed for the supp rt of the
Government They were like the landholdeis of
England Figland hid been taxed for the w?r* in
which she had been engaged, and, under th* mo^l
oppressive sys em to th  "est of that nation, the
landholder0had gro n rich. Now, it was contrary
to the genius of our Government to adopt such a
system as this
The « mend Tien' was negptived
Mr ROOSEVELT wished to offer a proportion
to s rike out the specific duty of nine cents, acd to
insert twenty-five per cebt ad valorem. He «aid
ihey were now on a part of the bill on wh'ch they
should decid" the principle which his anrndment
was designed to test, and which would povern every
subseqaen' section of this act If thr doctrine of
specific duties was to be adopted on articles of all
values, they might as well adopt a minimum prin-
ciple at once, and carry it through the bill. He
thought the peop'e of this country would not agree
with a gentleman from Pennsylvania that taxation
was a genial influence, and he wished to reduce it
as much as possible. He wished to go farther, and
to decide whether they were to carry out the spirit
of the compromise act of 1833, or to repeal it. The
father of that act had frequently said, in debate,
sufficient to induce the belief that the compromise
act was held up as a kind of bible, or holy instru-
ment; and he (Mr. Roosevelt) hoped the gentle-
men who held that statesman in so much esteem
would now show whether they so regarded it.
He went into some sta emen'e to show that
there ought to be expected an increase of imports;
and that sufficient revenue would te received un-
der the system which he now proposed, for all the
purposes ot an economical Government.
Mr ALLEN replied.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr HILAND HALL moved to amend the
amendment, by. sinking out the first clause of the
amendment, and inserting the words ''on all un-
manufactured wool, a duty of 4 cents per pound,
and 26 cants ad valorem "
Afer some remarks from Mr. FJLLMORE,
this motion was rejected.
Mr. SAMSON MASON moved to strike out
nine cents per pound, and insert 30 per cent, ad
valorem, and addressed the committee in support of
the amendment, and, after some remarks from Mr.
LINN, the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put on Mr. Fillmore's
amendment as amendtd; and it wat, agreed to.
The next clau e imposes a duty of 40 per cent,
on all manufactures of woo', or of «hich wool shall
be a component part, wnh certain exceptions.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGfcRSOLL moved tostrike
out "hosiery" from the exceptions, so as to impose
a duty of 40 per cent on that article.
Mr FILLMORE opposed the motion, on the
ground that the artic'e being so light, smuggling
would render the amendment ineffectual, and,
After some remark* from Mi INGERSOLL in
reply, the question was taken on the motion, and it
was rejee'ed
Mr GUSHING moved to amend the «ame
clause l>v striking out 40 per cent., and n?ertmg a
duty of 75 cents a square yard, and addressed the
committee in support of the motion His princi-
pal object was to protect the revenue, by prevent-
ing smuggling
After some r*marks from Mr. FiLLMORE in
opposition to the amendment,
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to amend the
amendToent of Mr Cushino, by striking out 75
cents the square yard, and inserting 0 percent,
ad valorem Mr Coopfr "n\á the bill proposed to
allow fine c'oths to come in on 5 duty of 10 per
cent, while co?r.e cloths were made to pay 40 per
cent.
Af er a short colloquy b iween Messrs COOP-
ER and FILLMORE, the auesuon was taken, and
his motion v as rej-cied
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved to amend the
amujulmtni by inserting 30 per cent, ad valorem,
ard 25 cents per square }aid. The amendment
was r°jected.
Mr.  BRIGGS moved that the committee rise;  -
which motion was carried
Several bil's from the S*nate were taken up
and read the fira and second times, and appropri-
ately referred, «i'tt-r which,
The House adjourred
IN SENATE.
WiDVESDAY, July 13, 1842
Mr EV4N3 pre^en,ed a memorial from citizens
of Ma ne, ?sking Congress to impo e a duly on all
<vo c's imported into the United S ates, except dye-
^ords  orde-ed to he on th  tab'e.
Mr BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House b ils entitled "An
act for the relief of Catharine W Calender," and
"An act granting Sally Pratt the herefi s of the act
oí the 7'h Julv, 183S," rpported tue same back
without amendment, and with reports adverse tu
