1A%
thefr passage, which were ordered to he on the la-
ble, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the report from
the State Department covering the proceedings of
the commission on the claims of American citi-
zens against the Government of Mexico, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations
The resolution submitted on yesterday by Mr.
Woodbury, was taken up, read, and adopted, as
follows:
"Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
report to the Senate where the public money has been deposited
for safekeeping since the repeal ofthe independent treasury,
by whom the depositories have been selected, the changes if
any, which hare heen made in them since with the reasons
therefor, and under what regulations and securities it is placed
with them when received from loans and treasury notes as
well as from duties, lands, and other sources, and to accom
pany this information with a lis1 of the present depositories
and the amount of money in each, by the past returns "
Mr CONRAD, on leave introduced a bill to
regulate the chancery pratt ce in the courts of the
United States in the State of Louisiana; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Jad ciary
Mr CALHOUN moved the Senate to take up
the bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain De
Treville; but the monon was disagreed to
Mr BAYARD moved the Sena e 10 take up the
bill to repave and repair a portion rl Pennsylvania
avenue, but the motion was dtsagieed to
On motion of Mr MERRICK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration cf executive business,
and after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, July 13, 1842.
Mr. WOOD presented, under the rule, the peti-
tion of citizens of the city of New York, prayrg
Congress to pass laws by which navy ag°nis may
be obliged to advertise for proposals and esurnatts
forsupplying the naval s ations with beef and vege-
tables.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
following resolution, adopted yesterday evening, oa
the motion of Mr Underwood
"Resolved That so much of the resolution heietof le adopt
ed by the House as reí tus to the publicstablts an I the supply
of horses and mail carts shall gi into operalio i from and aAei
the close of the present session of Congiess so lar as it opeiates
on John Lee
A question arose as ¡o the right of Mr Johnson
to make the motion, he not having vo'ed with the
majority.
Mr BOWNE of New York stated that he had
voted with the majority, and moved the rtconsider-
ation.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said lhat the effect of the
resolution was to suspend, until the ck«e of the
present session, a part of the rejreachment resolu-
tion adopted in the early part of ihe session    Prior
to mat tima, he believed the ke per of the stables
was paid two dollars per day, had th  use ot the
public stables, and was paid one dollar and fifty
cents per day  for the use of each hor e, besides
transportation ot boxis &<• , to the rooms of mem
bers    The R--tienchmpnt Committee directed the
transportation of the mail, and other tlnrgs and
horses for the use ofthe tiou e, to beenqaged by
the postmas er of the   £1 us-"     Hi.  believed   he
same man had been tinpioje1, and  vas now paid
one dollar and of y cei s p r rMy each for Ibe use
of five or  six h lieu kept in  th" public   staples
The resolu ion now proposes to give Mm two d
lars per day, from the time of ihe jassigo cf tie
former resc lu on 10 the en i o  ti e profit session,
which, he suppo^d, would be between four ?ad
five hundred dollars raoi' tKn. he  wculd be enti-
tled  to under his  contract  wi h the  pt«tmasier
This bo unders ood   to  be l*>  ea e , but he  b d
moved ihe reeonsideret on  in eon«equenc3 of ihe
course of c n 'b,ct   if iht  gent!°m-n w^o nt th it
time occupied tr  eh") , [Mr Bkicci  ]    Wh n ihe
resolution was in roducd, nnd repd at  V C erk's
table for the information   f tie H >use, be  -rose
in his place, and addressed the presiding offi er at
the top t f hi*, voice, but he [ih« chiir-ra ! irocee 'ed
Without hs'enmg to theobjecüon ne (Mr  T) >vi bed
tomate, and put the quest on.and pa  ed ih° re o'u
{ion, without giving any opportunity for objection,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or read ng or understanding the resolu ion Mr.
J. was proceeding to comment on the course of the
presiding offieer, when
Mr CUSHING rose to a question of ordei—
whether it was proper to go into such an examina-
tion on the question of reconsideration?
Mr JOHNSON said he did not wish unnecessa-
rily to occupy the time of the House, and would
m ve the previous question
The previous question having been seconded
and the main question ordered, 'he main question
on the reconsiders ion was taken by yeas and
nay , resulting id—yeas 79, nays 70
The quests n then coming up on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr W C JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays, wh'ch were accordingly ordered, and, on
taking the question, the yeas were 78, anr the nays
70
So the resolution was adopted
Mi BARNARD, fiom the Committee on t^e
Judiciary, reported, without amendment, the bill
from ihe Senate to provide further remedial justice
in the courts of the United State*, and gave notice
that he should call it up as socn as the tariff bill
should be disposed of.
Mr ADAMS clled up the resolution rffered by
him yeifrday, calling for any correspondence that
may have taken place between the Government ol
the United States and the Republics of Mexico
and Texas, &c , which was laid over on notice of
debate
Mr PÍCKENS hoped the gen'tenm would not
press it at th s time He thought the resolution
was premature and unreces.sry, and should like
to hear some meffb ! of the Committee on Foreign
Relations on the subject.
After some conveisition between Messrs.
ADAMS and PICKENS,
Mr CUSHING moved that the Hon«e resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the stats of
the Union
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nav^,
which being ordered, resulted in yeas 99, nays 74.
So the House revolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the sute of the Union, (Mr Mc-
Kennan of Pennsylvania in the chair ) and re-
sumed the consideration of ihe tariff bi'l
Before the cbiirmen of the Committee of ihe
Whole tock his seat, Mr MORGAN gave notice
of hi inten'iinto move a reconsideration of tt-e
vo'e by whiJi the est lull n for lakirg the 'anff bill
out of eommitiee on Friday at 12 o'clock «a-
adopted
DETAILS OF THE TARIFF BILL
Tne committee resumed the toáoidtration of the
items of the tapff b 11.                     J
The 4 h item ot the l^t section imposed a doty
of sixty five cents per *qnare }ard n Wilton, treble
ingrained, Sasony, oíd. Aubussoa carpels and car-
peting^                                             *    "
Mr CUSHING moved, inasmuch as the duty
had been incr a>-ed on woo!, to strike out sixty {at,
and insert ievnly five cents per loriare >ard.
Mr SMITH of Virginia saiif that h" found, by
reference to the tab'es printed by o der of the
House, that the duty en tnese articles  a«, by the
tariff cf 1824, fifty cenis p r "qiari> yard, tariff of
18<J8, seienty en'?, tariff ot 183?, sixty three
cenis, and the duty p-opo ed to b  la d on he tame
art.c e* b) ihe Comrni tee on Manufacture , was
only fifty rent Now, said he, beie i  a bul pro
fes i"; mere!., ti be for lúe purpose of rai'ii g rev-
enue, v  nci pvo-io is a higher du!, than thai vith
whieh the Com i ntee on Manufactures  a« satis
fied. Bit he gen leman from Massachusetts [Mr
Co hing] 1 ad given as a rea on for a h gh ra e of
dti'y, that the du y on wool had been increased
True bin he understood that the p"ce of wool
hal fallen, ard Le dut/ was not such as to make
adiffererc serious > aü ctmg Ihe merest  of ihe
matiufdc urers if carpe n g He tin el th?t the
House «-"n11 look o ne in erests o* ihe count'),
and not s„/Tcr any such irjuslice to be done as was
proposed by this mcrea.e ol du )
rine q-.esion ras taken on Mr Cüshing's
amendm nt and it was rejee'ed.
Mr SVI'Hnf Vi'gmia tren moíed to reduce
the datj from 05 to 50 cent?, which was ihe rate
proposed by the Committee on Manufactures. He
thought that if that committee were satisfied with
this rate, surely the Committee of Way. and Means
should be.
Mr FILLMORE replied, and said that the ob-
ject of the high rale was to raise revenue. The
articles were not made in this country, and, there-
fore, a high duty might be imposed with good
effect.
The committee refused to concur in Mr Smith's
amendment
Mr FILLMORE moved to increase the duty on
woollen blankets (other than those under 75 cents
in value) from 25 to 30 per cent, ad valorem.
Agreed to
Mr READ moved to strike out the ad talorem
duty, and insert a specific du y of |2 on each, and
also to lDcliide "woollen «hawls "   Rejpcted
Mr CUSHING moved to increase the duty on
the cheaper kind of blankets (i e those under 75
cen's in value at the place where imported) from
15 to 20 per cert
Mr FILLMORE said the duty was a're?dy as
high as the article would bear. The amendment
was rejected.
Mr HABERSHAM moved to reduce the duty
on the same artic'e to 5 per cent    Rejected
Mr. READ moved to increase the duty to 30 per
cent.   Rejec'ed
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the dutv on
woollen and worsted yarn was increased to 30 per
cent
The 8 h item provided "on woollen or worsted
mitts, gloves, caps, and bindings, and on woollen or
worsled hosiery—that is to say, Mockirgs, s-ock«,
drawers, shuts, &c, made on frames, a duty of
25 per cent "
Mr. FILLMORE moved to increase the duty on
those articles to 30 per cent. He did <o, he said,
for the benefit of the old women of the country,
who made those anieles.   Adopted.
Mr BARNARD r-ade an ineffectual motion to
have the duty on ' shirts and drawers" increased to
50 per cent.
Mr EVERETT offered an amendment provi-
ding that all duties should be assessed on the value
of the goods at the port where entered He said,
when the bill got into the House, he -hould en-
deavor to get a vote oy yeas and nays on this
amendment Much h?d been said about the com-
promise act, and he *i«hed to see who would abide
by it in this respect.
Mr. FiLLMORE «aid the mode of assessing the
duties was provided for in a sub equent section of
the bill.
Mr SMITH of Virginia said be was surprised
that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr Everett]
should app«al to others to sustain the compromise
act, when he himself was so anxious for its viola-
t on. The gentleman, he thoaght, had better <et
an example, before he appealed to others.
Mr EvEitfi-TT's amendment wan rejected.
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the duty on
"thread laces si d inserting." was raised fiom 12i
to 15 per csnt ad valorem, after an ineffectual
efftrtbv Mr J R Ingkrsoll to keep it down.
Mr HABERSHAM moved to reduce the duty
on ready-made clothing from 50 to 40 per cent.
Rejected
On monon of Mr FILLMORE, the duly on go d
and silver embroidery, &c , was increased from
124 to 15 ner c nt
Mr HABERSHAM moved to reduce the du'y
on "clothing finished, in whole or in part embroi-
dered in gold or silver," irom 50 to 40 per cent.
Rfjec ed
The seconr1 section being under con* deration,
Mr HOLMES moved an amenHme.it to the
second clause of that «ection The section pro-
po ed to fix certain specific duties on cotton and
cotongeols n uhich diere «as incorporated a
proviso ' thai all manuric'ures of cotton, or of
which cotton sha'l be a component purr, not dyed,
colored, pnnteJ, or s a ned, not exceed ng in value'
tventy cen^per <qu*re yard, --hall be valued at
twenty cents per squ re tard  He proposed to
reduce the 1 st' 20 per cent " to "10 percent "
Mr FILLMORE «xplained, that, as it stood m
the bill, it was a reduction from 30 to 20 per cent,
