CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            749
■ ■!,........                                    'I                                                                         _                         ii i   i                          .'..'■'                                    '"      '                                        '                                                   '                                                                                                           n              ni                      i                      i      i   ,                                                    i        .............                         I,                                                                                                                                                                                               .......
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to strike out the por-
tion of the clause which make exception of cotton
twist, yarn, and thread, and the proviso part of
which Mr. Holmes moved to amend. His object
was to limit the paragraph to the following words:
"On all manufactures of cotton, or of which cot-
ton shall be a component part, not otherwise speci-
fied, a duty of 30 per centum ad valorem."
He desired to lay a duty which should not be
deceptive to the people. He was opposed to a
nominal duty ot 30 per cent, when, in fact, in
many cases, the duty was 100 per cent.
Mr. FILLMORE desired to submit an amend-
ment, before the question was taken on the motion
of the gentleman trom the city of New York He
proposed to strike out the words "and if exceeding
in value 20, and not exceeding in value 25 cents
per square yard, shall be valued at 25 cents per
square yard "
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE then said he was instructed by
the Committee of Wa)s and Means to move an-
other amendment The proviso contained the fol-
lowing words: "Excepting velvets, cords, mole-
skins, fustiahs, buffalo Uotbs, or goods manufac-
tured by napping or raising, cutting or shearing-,
not exceeding in value 50 cents the square yard,
which shall be valued at 50 cents per square yard "
The figures 50 he proposed to reduce to 25, which
was agreed to
Mr. ROOaEVELT then called for tellers on h s
motion to strike out the proviso as amendec; ai d
Messrs. Boardman and A V Brown were
appointed; and they reported 56 in the afhrmative,
and 85 in the negative. The motion wa«, there-
fore, lost.
Mr GWIN proposed to strike out "three cents,"
and insert twenty per cent ad valorem He
wished, bef re he proceeded to make the remarkb
which he intended on his mo'ion, to ask the chair-
man ot the Committee of Ways and Means a
question. Upon whose application was this duty
of three cents a pound on unmanufactured cotton
inserted m the bi'li
Mr. FILLMORE answered that no one had
asked for the duty. No anphcation had been
made to the committee on the subj "ct,
Mr. GWIN said this was just what he expected
to hear. In this—a revenue bill that purported, by
l's title, to lay duties to raise revenue—a duty is
laid upon an article that will mevi'ably act as a
prohibitory duty, if there was a prospect of there
ever being cotton imported into the country to be
taxed. Sir, (said Mr. G.,) this b 11 states a false-
hood on us face. It purports to raise revenue,
and here, at least, if not m many other in
stances, the duty, if it opeia'es at nil, will pro
dibit the introduction of the article up«n which
a duty is proposed to be levied. He said it
was well known why this duty was inserted
in the bill—it was, to trap Sou hern members
If they moved to strike it out, they were to be
charged wuh neglt ctmg the interests of their constitu-
ents, if they failed to make such a motion, in their
opposition to duties proposed in other par's of the
bill, they were to be taunted for their silence,
when this portion of me bill was acted on im-
posing a tax upon cotton imported into the coun-
try.    He was willing to meet the issue
He proposed the twenty per cent, not because
the cottor-groi-ers needed any protection, or that
this would afford them any protection, but because
he thought this rate of duty sufficient to meet all
the wants of the Government, it levied upon all
of our imports except gold and silver; and he
merely proposed this as the standard beyond whirh
he would not go Except for home valuation on
some arfr'es, he might compromise w th a duty oí
five percent If any gentleman though' this af
forded the least protection to the cotton growers,
and would pr pose a lower sum, he would vo'e for
it. He simply proposed it for a revenue measure—
not that he expected a revenue from it; for there
had not been (with, perhaps toe exception of some
importa'ions from Texas in 1841) any importation
of ctton for years past. Some gentlemen had told
hnn this ^eettcn bad been introduced into the bill as
a hoax.   He was not deposed to let it be played
out &s a hoar. Not a cotton grower in the United
States had asked for the duty, and he believed not
a cotton-grower would object to its being stricken
out entirely. [Several voices:' Toen move to strike
it out "J
Mr G. said he bad made the motion he in-
tended, to show tha1, if it was a hoax, he, at least,
was not a p?rty to it; and let those who were so
vociferous for striking out the duty, make the mo-
tion They were the enemies of the cotton-
growers, and let them make the move. For
one, he did not object to it He wanted no pro-
tection for cotton—protection agairst foreign
nations, and especially India cotton. We can
compete, and successfully, too, with India in the
home market of Erg'and Need «e fear her here'
He hoped the amendment would be adopted, to
add somewhat to the tru'hfui appearance of the
title of the bill He hoped it would be improved
iq a similar respect in other portions of it.
Mr FILLMORE called for tellers, and Messrs.
Chapman s>nd Cowen were appointed; and they
reported 76 in the sífirmative, and (33 in. the nega
tive.    'Ine amendment w s therefore agreed to
Mr SMITH of Virginia moved to strike out
the proviso of the second clause, which Mr
Roosevelt had moved to strike out with some
other matter.
Mr CTJSHING opposed the proposition, and
h" made some lemarks thereon.
The motion vas negatived.
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved to amend the 3d
article of the 2d section, by striking out the duty of
25 per cent  ad valorem on  cotton spools, ¿nd in
serting a duty of 12 cents per dozen spo )•>, and if
above that, a duty of 30 per cent ad valorem
This amendment was rejec'^d
Mr RHETT mov~d to stake out tie following
mínimums m th's clause*
Prodded, That ail ¡nanufactmea of cotton, ol ol which cot
ton shall bed component part, not dyeu colnted, printed or
stained, not exceeding in value twenty cents per square yarl,
ehall be valued at twentv cents per squaie yard, and if exceed
ing m value twenty, at 1 not exceeding in \alue 25 cents per
square yard sha I tie valuedat26 cenis per equate yard, andif
dyed, coloied, printed or stained m whole or m pan, not ex
cci-dingm value tin ty cento thecquare yaid, shall be valued dt
thnty cents pel squate yard, exee¡ tins velvets cords mole
skins, fustians, buffalo clothe, o goods manufactured by nap
ping or raising, cutting or shearing, n * exceeding m value 50
cents tne square yaid, which shall be valued -it 60 cents per
square yaid, andduty be paid theieon accordingly
Mr. R said he made the motion wi'h no hope of
its prevailing, but merely ior the purpose of afford-
ing him an opportunity of saying a few words as
to the minimum principle.    Hj objected to it, be-
cause it was deceptive, and disguised the tax from
the people.   It provides  that an  article costing
over six cent , ¡>nd under  twenty cents, shall be
considered as vorth twenty cents, and on thatfal-e
estimate it assesses,   a tax of twenty  per eent
Now, it begins by asserting a falsehood, and, in-
stead of twenty per cent   on  the cheaper articles,
it levies double and  quadruple that amount     It
also la d the taxes heaviest on the cheaper articles,
which fall mio ihe consumption ot the many.   It
is thus based ot e falsehood   1' v deceptive in Us
op'ration,   and   urjust   in  its  exactions,  falling
heaviest on those least  able to pay.    Mr. R  «aid
h  was for a serting the ttaih id le^is'auon—bring-
ing the tax as nearly as possible t > the intelligence
o' the peopie, an 1 equalizing l's. burdens.    He ob
jicteJ, also,  to  sp c 6c  duues  becau'e they  dd
no vpry with the pnce o   the ai'icl", but -etnamed
die same on the aru< ¡e wh'a low as  when  high.
Thus, when articles were cheapened  by competí
tion, or any o her cause, and thus ca>ne within the
ran^e of the consumption of the poor, the specific
duty kept up the prce, and m"re?sed th" tax    For
instance- "appose a specific duty of five cents is
laid on a \ird of cloth  worth fifteen; this  will  be
thirty three and a thi'd per cen .; bat it 'he clotn
falls to ten cents, the tat wit be fi ty per cent, a^d
if to five, the tax v.i'l be one hundred  ner cent.
Mr   B.   s-.id,   ,n his opinion instead  of  the tax
being accamu'atel as tne articles cheapen,  ?nd
rall into the consumption <>f th se least  able  to
pay (be tax, the tax ougnt to be lessened    He vas
in 'avorrf the ad valorem pnneiple of taxa i>->n,
because it was what ¡t proved to be. it was in-
telligible, and varied and fell with the price of the
article.   Tuere may be a ie* articles that it would
be inconvenient to apply it to, but it was the right
principle. Tne only objection was, that it was
open te. fraud, by unfair invoices; but this could be
avoided by legislation The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Cüshing] said that he wished the
b'll to be so framed as to secure stability. Perma-
nency was what he wanted for the benefit of manu-
fact„res Is it possible that gentlemen could hope
for any s abili'y under this bill? Mr. R. warned
the House that this bill would never be submitted
to by the country. It was, in the opmion of his
people, unjast, partial, and unconstitutional. It
was a law passed by a pancular interest for their
benefit. The many whom it oppressed would
sponge it out, from the first word to the last; nor
would they rest until the principle on which it was
based was extirpated in the legislation of this
Government.
On taking the question, Mr. Rhett's amendment
was rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to amend in section 3d,
1st clause, by striking out the ad valorem duties
on manufactured silks, and inserting a duty of
§2 50 per pound.
Mr. CITSHING moved to amend the amend-
ment, by reducing the duty to $2 a pound, which
he said would make the duty about equal to 20
per cent A higher duty, he thought, would lead
to smuggling, and it was, therefore, idle to attempt
to levy duties that could not be collected. A high
duty would also rpera'e prejudicially against a
class ef importations that it was Ihe duty of the
United S ale-; to encourage, coining as it did from
France, our ancient ally, with whom it was our
interest, as well as our inclination, to cultivate the
most friendly relations He thought that a rate of
duty as hiqh as 20 per cent was as far as they
suould get in taxing this article.
Mr FILLMORE obserted that this was a rev-
enue measure; and therefore sillrs, which were ar<
tides of luxury, were the mo«t proper to levy a
high duty on They should be taxed as high as
could be done without causing prohibition.
Mr Coshinq's amendment to the amendment
was then rejected without a division.
Mr. McKEON moved to strike out the provision
regulating the duty by weight He said ibat he
had learned ftom an experienced manufacturer
that the coarsest silks were the heaviest. The finest
si & underwent a course of purification which
materially lessened its weight. There would be
great injustice in putting a higher tax on the
coarser article.
On taking the question, Mr. McKeon's amend-
ment was rejected; and
The amendment of Mr. Fillmore was earned
without a division.
Mr. JOS R INGERSOLL moved to strike out
the ad valorem duty of 30 per cent, on silk um-
brellas, parasols, and sun-shades, and insert, m
lieu thereof, a specific du y of $1 50, which, af-
ter a brief explanation from  Mr I., was rejected.
Mr FILLMORE moved to strike out "thirty-five
dollars" in the 41st line, so as to make the duty on
all MatiiMa and Ind a hemp and grasses twenty-
five dollars per ton, and to reduce the doty on co-
dil'a, or tow of fax, to twenty dollars per ton, in-
stead ( f twenty five dt 1'ars : carried
Mr. FILLMORE moved to strike out, in the
fifty-fouith lme,"mnecen  ,"and insert seven cents
—being the dutv on svl duck    carried
Mr FILLMORE noved to reduce the du'y on
unmanufactured ñir from forty dollars to twenty
dol ars per f n
Mr CXTSHING mi't'to ameid the amend-
ment, by str King cjt < e wh de clause, ?o as to
niAUe trie artie'e duty free
On ukm? the que„tior, Mr. Cushino's motion
wsss rejec ed, and then
Mr  Fillmore's mo ion was adopted
Mr McKEON movrd to amend ¡he section by
reducing the ¡ate of duty on cordage, tarred and
untarred, twine and semes
Mr. McK r°mark d that he had h°ard much,
during the general discu sien on this bill, that it
was intended to share benefits equally amongst all
interests m the country The aunes which.be pro-
posed to reduce would, if permittsd to stand as
they were reported in the bill,  operate most op-

i
