m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xnacy, the adjudication of the claims against Mex-
ico The period assigned for the existence of the
commission was suffered to elapse, and only two
millions and a half, out of c'aims amounting to ten
or twelve millions, were awarded And after all
the patience exhibited by this Government, m
btandmg coolly and calmly by while all this vi-
olence and wrong was perpetrated upon our citi-
zens, this is the sort oí language now held by that
country. These are ihe menacing terms in which
they speak of this Government. He was glad it
was so, and he was rejoiced that ths occasion now
presented itself of showing t > the whole civilized
world ihe patience and the forbearance with which
Mexico had been treated by this Government.
Not so would it have been with a power less
insignificant and less embarrassed in her domestic
affairs. There was a time when the President of
the United S ates did not hesitate to say to the
King of Prance. "This matter must be settled by
a given time, er letters of marque and reprisal will
be issued against jour commerce " But wilh re-
gard to Mexice, from whom they had suffered
many indignities, they had forborne much; and
though be was no advocate for war, where war
could be avoided, more especially in the case of an
insignificant power and a sister Republic of the
American continent; yet there was a point, as
every American must feel, beyond which forbear-
ance ceased to be a virtue.
His object in rising, however, was merely to ex-
press his hi^h sense ot the tone of the correspondence
on the part of this Government, and he would now
move that the documents be relerred and punted.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he was highly
pleased wjth the character of the official corres-
pondence on the part of this Government it ex-
hibited a proper spirit, and a proper tone, at once
patriotic, elevated, and manly
The communication of the Secretary of State,
which had been laid br/ore the Senate, was the
second document which had recently emanated
from that department of which he could say as
much. He concurred with the Senator from Sou th
Carolina that we had ample cau^e of complaint
against Mexico; but what he found fault with the
other day was, that we should show so much sen-
sitiveness with rrgard to Mexico, while we were al-
together silent in relation to other power against
whom, also, we had abundant cause for complaint.
He desired that the document might be printed,
and that they might have time to examine the sub-
ject more minutely, as it was one which he consid-
ered analogous to, if not identical with, the rela-
tions between this, coun'ry  and Great  Britain
[Mr Presión, (from his seat) The case is
probably stronger against Great Britain ]
He apprehended it would turn out so The pre
vailing sptnt in ih.s country, in such ca«es as ihe
present, he was perfectly convinced would be found
to be for prompt and decided action—for money or
war When hard run, they were for fighting, and
he believed, if ihey chose to make war, they would
have the whole country to back them And he
hoped the Executive Department of tms Govern-
ment would preserve the same tone which had
been exhibited now, m reference to all other na-
tions.
Mr CRITTENDEN said he could not perceive
any very useful result that w?s likely to proceed
from the reference of this t rrespor,dence to the
Committee on foreign Relat ons He was glal
«hat the call had been made, bt cause he believed
that the pub'ica'ion ot the Mexican portion of the
correspondence, iv'iich had already taken piace,
was calculated to creite some a'arm m the coun-
try ' He thought it woull be well to spread the
whole corresponder ce b"tore the country, that
they might judge more accurately of its whole
bearing That object wou'd be eeeomphshed by
the printing of tie documents He would not,
however, object to the reference, thougn lie thought
it whohy unnecessary He approved entirely of
the tone exhibí ed in the correspondence on the
part of this Government He would have regret
ted extremely to see a blurring or heroic ■style
adopted. It was not, and, he tru-ted, never
would be, suited to th' character of this people to
adopt such a course against those who were so lit-
tle able to contend with the United States It would
be far more «uitable to the character and condition
of the Republic of Mexico to grumble and bluster,
and endeavor to magnify herself by a little mag-
niloquence. A calm and elevated magnanimity
on the part of this Government was worth all the
heroics that were ever employed in matters of di-j
plomacy.
It was far more becoming the occasion—more
befitting the dignity of this great nation—and he
rejoiced the more to see this dignified and forbear-
ing tone pervading the correspondence of this Gov-
ernment upon this occasion, emanating, as it did,
from that cloud which, as far as the general affairs
of this country were concerned, rested upon the
Government It was a light which he rejoiced to
see shining m this particular instance He thought,
however, that every useful object would be attain-
ed by the publicity which would be given to it,
and that its reference was wholly unnecessary
Mr. LINN remarked that he had been desirous
of seeing the correspondence He believed there
were many causes for quarrel with Mexico, and,
among others, one which had not been touched
upon in that correspondence He alluded to the
ou rage which had been committed upon an officer
of the United S>ates at Santa Fe. This was of
l'self a subject for grave consideration; and he
(Mr Linn) would perhaps hereafter take occasion
to say something upon it; in the mean time, he de-
sired that the correspondence should be printed.
The message was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Rslations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr EVANS, from the Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds, to which had b en referred
House bill foi the relief of H gh Siewart, report-
ed the same back without amendmant
The bill, entitled "An act for the relief of per-
sons residing within the reputed limits of Arkansas
and Louisiana, beyond the boundary-lme between
t1 e United States and Texas, as established by the
running of the boundary line by Ihe late commis-
sioners," was read the third time and passed.
Mr RIVES presented the proceedings of a nu-
merous and respectable meeting of the friends of
free trade, in Virginia, in which they represent
their visws in regard to the measures now before
Congress. Referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures.
Mr. R also presented the proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting held in Harrison county, Virginia, ac-
companied by resolutions, in which they remon-
strate against the bankrupt law, as demoralizing in
it  tendency, injurious in its operation, unconstitu-
tional in the opinion of some, and inexpedient in
the opinion of all. Mr R said the persons who
composed the meeting were of the most respectable
character. As the subject was not in the posses-
sion of any committee, he moved to lay the pro-
ceedings on the table     The motion was agreed to
On motion of Mr. BATES, the adverse report
of the Committee on Pensions, on the claim ot
Mary Nelson, (new evidence in support of it hav-
ing been received) was taken from the table, and
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions
Mr. ARCHER moved to suspend the regular
orders of the day, for the purpose of taking up the
bill for the relief of the heirs of John H Ha'l, laid
on th" table several weeks ago, for the purpose of
giving time for some inquiries at ihe departments,
which rad since been made
The general orders were suspended, and the bu'
wis taken up as in committee of the whole
Mr ARCHER then requested the letter he had
received in answer to his inquiries might be read,
and it was read accordingly He then moved to
amend the bill, by changing the sum from $20,000
to $10,000, and it was so amended.
The bill was reported back to the Senate 2s
amended, and the ques ion came up on ordering it
to be engrossed for a third reading
Mr. KING objected to the bill on general
ground<: hist, that only one of Mr. Hall's inven-
tions remained of any use to the Government, and
for that, as well as for the use of his patents, he
had received ample payment during his life. He
had been paid by Government $17,000 in one way,
and $20,000 in another.   His rifles were aban-
doned in the service of the army, on account of
being more dangerous to the soldiers who used
them than to the enemy.
Mr. CALHOUN was also opposed to the bill.
He knew Mr. Hill when he (Mr. C ) was at the
head of the War Department, and considered him
an ingenious man, but considered him amply com-
pensated in what had been hetetofore paid to him.
Mr YOUNG had made inquiries into the mat-
ter, and had received such information from one
of 'the chief armorers lately engaged at Harper's
Ferry, as satisfied him that Hall's patent rifle was
more injurious lhan serviceable. The Govern-
ment had already paid to Mr. Hall, for his inven-
tions, $39,983, and had expended in machinery and
experiments to carry them out, $149,810, and up to
1827, not more than 11,000 nflss on that plan had
1>een ma  .   Th y were now given up
Mr. WRIGHT concurred with the Senator from
Illinois, and called 'or the yeas and nays on the
question of ordering the bill to be engrosied
Mr ARCHER explained, that the reason the
rifles were not used now was, because there were
no rifle corps. But the fame plan was applied to
carbines for the cavalry, and 13,000 had lately
been made, which were highly approved by the
0 dnance Department.
Mr 6ENTON read extracts from several re-
ports by committees of both Houses, since the year
1819, showing how valuable these inventions trere
considered
The debate was continued by Messrs. KING,
YOUNG, and ALLEN, in opposition, and by
Messrs. ARCHER, PRESTON, and SIMMONS,.
in support, of the bill.            v
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to b  engrossed for a third reading, and decided in
the negative—yeas 6, nays 35, so the bill was
los'
On motion of Mr. PRESTOU, the Senate then
went into executive session, and, after some time
spent therein,
Adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 14,1842
Mi FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr CUSHING asked permission first to make
two reports from the Committee on Foreign Af-
faTs
Mr ANDREWS objected
The SPEAKER suggested that he had several
Executive communications which «tight, be pre-
sented
Mr ANDREWS objected
Mr FILLMORE then pressed his motion to go
into Committee of the Whole, which was agreed
to.
s             THE TARIFF BILL.
T|e House resolved uself into Committee of the
Whtjfle, (Mr McKennan m the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the "bill to provide
revenue rfom imports, and to change and modify
exisáng laws imposing duties on imports, and for
othel purposes "
Ti|e rinding question at the adjournment last
n ght was on the fi'st clause of section four, which
Mr. FitLMORE had moved to amend by reducing
the proposed duty on iron in bars or bolts, not
manufactured in whole or in part by rolling, from
§18 to $17 per ton      ~~
Mr J EDWARDS of Pennsylvania now pro-
posed to amend the amendment by the substitution
of $25 for $17 • negatived
Mr M A COOPER proposed to amend, by
substituting 20 per cent ad valorem • negatived.
Mr BLACK proposed an ad valorem duty of
21 perren* , and advocated his amendment as one
of great importance to his constituents. His prop-
osition was negatived
Mr J. EDWARDS moved to amend, by substi-
tuting $20 for $17.
Mr vVM. B CAMPBELL addressed the com-
mittee in opposition to the amendment,and toahigh
duly on iron; contending that the manufacturers
already had sufficient protection, and that their
