CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
is found, and need the fostering hand of the Gov-
ernment to sustain them. Thirdly: the article of
Jead is an important and indispensable ingredient m
war; and that policy which, as, to those ingredients,
will render us independent of foreign nations, can-
not be questioned.
In addition to these brief reasons, it s-hould not be
forgotten that justice, sheer justice, demands from
«he national legislator that they should place iheir
protecting and ¡sustaining arms around and beneath
those hardy, enterprising, and brave men, who
have, by their persevering industry, developed tbe
wealth of a district of com try which has yielded
so much to the national treasury, and which, but
for them, v. oald now be a savpge waste—men who
have not only replenished the national treasury by
their sweat and toils, but have shed ilmir blood to
protect the country to which you had nvited them.
Thise considerations he could mt but hope
would induce the House to ey end to the miners
and smellers of ihe Upjer Mus Scippi the fostering
and protecting arm of legislation, until they shall
have made a fair commencement; and until the
uncertainties and pri&ent enormous expenses of
their business shall have, in a measure, been de-
creased by system and experience. He repeated,
that in rendering this fostering care, no principle
entertained by gentlemen who were opposed to
protective duties as a general policy would be
«compromittrd
In addition to the reasons given for su ta mng
the nvners m Wisconsin, lora, Iihrois and Mis-
souri, many other cogent ones could be iddt-c d,
founded upon the immense benefit' which the na-
tion is deriving from the extent ai.d value of Ihe
interior comrneice which r created—the enhanced
value of the public domain—and the rapid set-
tlement and increased wealih ol our distpn. bor-
der possessions
But, presum'ng the ■who'c question world be
viewed by Congress with that tn'igh ened Leerality
which the subject demand , he would not uige any
farther remarks upon its coruderaiion
Mr A, C. D0D3E of Iowa Territory de-
sired to add sometmpg to the arguments already
made against the motion to reduce the duty on lead,
which had been piade b/ Ihe e'lairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Fillmore ]
As some members aoout Mr. D expressed a
doubt of th  pr< priety of hi^ proceeding, under the
•existing ruk, to speak fur.nf on th"* motion, Mr.
D moved to amend, by adding half a cert to ihe
amount as repoited in the bi1!, srd on thi-, >«o'ion,
fee proceded (o give his vi >ws brn fly.
He would submi', for the consideraron ol ihe
JJous", an impimnt fa't, which will den,on t ate
the justice with which i'ip muer on the Upper
Mississippi' rin call on ncG veirmrMlui u caic
and protect.on
Under the law i t 1107, fh- P esi 'ml of Ihe
United S'a c >r<. '.iiiurz'd ti 'ch^c uV Irad-
wiine> and '•«t'-sprins ir 'at country embracing
the Upper M   ipu lead m nes an 1, m the ex
erci t of the autboii'j thus gueu him, agents v/err
appointed, and , bout ix ccn )t, is <>gn ciu/ens of
ihe United Sti te= w?i i>i u d to r ok tneir iaVr
and their mear-.'n dtvelnpiug the ¡e^ource oi the
lead ore region on the Uppei Mis>i-> ipp>
Man) enterprt*- n/ citi/ens embrac d the inula-
uon o Governmen', and the resul'o tneir labors
can b" seen in the impoiun fac', 'hat, pi ih  e
sixteen years, Í on 'he time that t' ey com venced
'heir labors, the p odnction oi 1 ad in our cumiry
was increas-J fropi sevc mill'ons to aoout arty
millions ot pound annua1 ij' Tau^ m-iking cur
country, in ih proluc < n oi irr ciruc'e of lead,
nearly equal 'o p'¡ tuiop , t> i h <V excep'i n (1
Eng and alone. The amount produced b} EigUnd,
he belied, v, is about o< t b-n uü íniliuns of
pounds annuaMj.
The citizens woo mb P'cd t e ",it0'i"r, of Ihe
Government hd'efmb r'.d their ail in the bfi
ness of mining and Meeliit;- Tn > la.'CTp i oed
large sums < t mo >*y in n a>inc mfii, txp rimmis,
to peruct the b"« iae s ol -u i< i m •. Numcioi-,
iumaoes of vinous const'ut ion, «ud verytxicti
sive, have, f om lime lo time, leen e ec'ed, the
c >st of many of which was entirely lo>t, by meins
oí more recent aid improved nlanw   Several ot
the furnaces which have been thrown aside, or su-
perseded by new and better in ven tion% could not
have cost less than from three to six thousand dol-
lars each. In addition to these expenditures, are
those of the miners, created by the labor which
they have been obliged to incur for the purpose of
freeing manv of their mines from water; to do
which, they have often been obliged to make tun-
nels and drams of great lengih and depth, and
sometimes be at the expense of procuring steam
engines to work pumps, to free their diggiogs from
water. These expenditures and labors, with their
numerous otaer improvements—houses, farms,
&o —were, for the most part, made upon the pub-
lic domain before the land was offered for sale, and
made under the belief that they could always look
m good fauh to the Government, to protect their
interests.
Under these circumstances, (said Mr. D ) will
it not be a violat.on of that undeislood pledge of
protection, which the Government made to the mi-
ners, when, in 1826, they were invited to the mi-
ning country in_Wisconsm and Illinois, and in 1833
to the mineral lands of Iowa Territory, if now
they was abandoned to a competition with the
miners of England'!
In conclusion, Mr D. remarked lhat the busi-
ness of mining was hazardous and expensive; and
though the labor of the miners h<ti added much
to the wealth and resources of ihe nation, they werp,
as a class, as poorly rewarded, looking to the va\t
amount oí labor waich they pertormed, as any
o'her body of our citizens. He hoped, therefore,
that the aid of the Government, to its utmost ex-
tent, would be given th m.
Mr D , before he took his seat, embraced a sug-
gest oa to withdraw his motion, under the preTOtnp.
tion that the House would sustain tne item as re.
ported in the bill.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON advocaled the in-
creased duly. As was slated by the able and expe-
rienced delegate (rom Wisconsin, [Mr. H. Didgí.,]
lead was an article of primary importance in time
of war, he therefore thought it was clearly the
policy of this Government to keep the duty up,
and particularly di it was. llveif interested in the
mines. He contended that the Government would
be a gainer, even if such a duty was imposed on
lead as would amount to a prohibition oí it  im-
portation into this county, for, in such a case, its
mines would become more profnable.
The amendments were then rej cted, and the
duty left at 3 cenls
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland moved a reduc-
tion of the duty on copper rods and bolts, nails
and spikes, fiom 4 to 3 cenls per pound: rejecltd
Mr. CUSH1NG made -tn ineffectual effort to
have the duiy reduced on copper ioi coppering
shins and vesv Is
Mr. OSBORNE oilercd an immaterial amend-
ment, w.uch was adi nied, without remark.
Mr. A. C. DODGE sue^ested to the ht norab'e
chairman of the Committee ol Ways and Me^ns
the propneiv of introducing a (lause into the bill,
or ol so changing it-, pht&seo'ugy, as to PKvent
the imperial i n ot ii mgn It a t into this country,
m the shf pj of Wellington and B maparle bu^ts.
fie stated that the article Oi ' buüs" hav "t* hith-
erto been Iree of duty, large quantities Oi lead were
m<M\d into the form of busts, and brought in free
of duty, «md thus ihe revenue laws were shame-
fully cvaued.
Mr. FILLMORE accepted the suggestion, and
moved to amend the section imposing a duty on
lead, by addin?, "or in any oilier form not herein
spec fled " adopted
Amendments (the purport of which was not heard,
so as to be understood at the desk) wer~ ofered by
G J INGERSOLLpnd UiiDERWCOD, and re-
j c ed.
Mr HABEtvSH4'i moved tnat the eommiMee
r¡ e, which was pgret,d to, and the co nmiltee rose
ti id jepor'ed prfg'e^.
Mr BEEsOI>.f-> il he had prepared an amend-
ment to ii <? twenty flit1) 'eetion of the bill, which
he m wed should be laid on the table and printed.
Objection being made, Mr. B. moved to suspend
the rules for that purpose; and called the yeas
rnd nay* thereon.
Being called en for that purpose, Mr. BEESOKT
stated that his amendment went to sir ke out ut the
twenty-fifth section, (kad distribution,) all after
the enacting clause; and to insert three new sec-
tions, providing for the levy of heavy taxes on all
notes, bands, and tickets of ihe similize of bank-
notes, and of denominations similar, and interme-
diate to those of ojr gold -and silver coins.
Ot suggestion of Mr. McKENNAN, objection
was withdrawn; and so the amendment was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. ARNOLD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to reduce the compen-
sation of the members of the Senate and Housp ot
Representatives, and the Delegates from the Ter-
ritories, and to repeal all oiher acts relating.
TíKéreto.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United Slates, in re-
lation to the correspondence between the Secretary
of Sine and our Minister to Mexico: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.                                                           -—"
Mr. SALSTONSTALL offered an amendment
to the tariff bill, which he moved be printed, pro-
viding a new warehouse system.
The SPEAKER laid before ihe House sundry
communications fiom the executive departments,
tiansmittmg information in answer to lesolutions
of the House, all of which were ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER asked leave to present the pro-
ceedings of a pubic meeting held in the city of
New York, (understood to be a meeting nomina-
ting Henry Clay for the Presidency.) A motion
was made that they be printed Objection being
made, a suspension of the rules was moved, where-
upon jome confusion ensued Before any actrrs
was had, on mono  ot Mr. CUSHING,
The House adjourned.
When the tariff bill was under, discussion on the
llih instant, Mr Gentry offered an amendment to
the amendment ot Mr. Saltonstíll, of which the
fo'lowmg is a copy:
A BUL providini for the payment of certain debts of the
fetales, and appiopmting the proceeds of ü e public lands for
tbit purpobe
Sec 1   Be it enacted by ihe Senate and House of lipp
rcbentativcs of the Xjnited. Slates of Amcuca m Congte^
assembled, That all the debls of ihe several "'ilea of the Uni
ted ¡slates, heretofore contracted, for the olirus and purposes
hereinafter enumerated, or such p ¡rtiun of them as may heie
matter be ptovided for, in fixing upon a hatit. < i ratio by which
the benefits of this a t are la be distributed ai d equalled among
the several States and foi which bonds, certificates, or other ev
ldtnces of debts have been issued, or authorized to he issued,
ire hereby assumed, and the payment thereol is guarantied by
the United States, in ah c tso^ in which any State of the United
btalcs oi any ciuhtor thtreoi, sha I  hefoie the fourth day ot ,
Much, A D 1843 comply with tiie turns hereinafter set forth,
and wh*"ie thcclaim presented shall be d*cidul by thrSecietary
ol ihi Tieisury to come within the piovt&ionsot lhl& at     and
His heieby declared thatthc debts to be assumed, as aforesaid,
aictliosi contracted oi authorized to bt, c infracted, by any of
haul  i ites, foi making turnpike roaiK  laihoads, and canal■*, tu
Ioi imi roving lake and rivei navigation
*-cc ¿ índ be it further enacted, lhat,to (*n!i Icany Ptate,
ot ctediloi ot any Mate, to the benefits ol the aloiesai t a^.uinp
tlori and Guaranty suth ¡State, or 1U cit-dlloi ot cedltois (di>
ttie ca-.e may be ) shall, before the lourth day c 1 M irch, A V
H13 tile Willi tlic toecretai y of the Treasury a full ami com
} letu schedule of die debts cHinicd to come within Ihe piovis
ions oí ihia act—explaining the origin of such debts, and íefei-
nng to the law authorizing the same, andlhc ¡secretary ol the
rveasuiy shall consider and decide upon the admissibility ot
inch claims to the benefits of thieact, and his decision sfiatl bo
final and conclusive
¡sne 6 And oe it fui titer cnucted, Tint the Secretary ol
the Treasury, assuming i! a basis the ledcral hitnibrlso! the
United States as the same shall appear by the cen-us to be
taken A 1) 1641), and the proportion of--------millions of dol-
íalo lorevciy-----hundred thousand of such numbers shall
piocted to debit to each Mate the amount of lis debts, assumed
and guarantied as aforesaid, valuing alt such debn. by the rate
of ui erest «ululated tbeiein, a^ com( ared with a s'eck of five
pei cent per annum, with interest quarterly, Which for that
p irpose, shall be consideied as at pai, and valuing the pound
sterhntr, when the conl) act i«m thai currency, at lour dollars
in 1 eighty six cents And if such drbit to any btate, for its
dt-bt^ a sumed, shall not equal ttie sum which its ¡edeldl num
1 cis would gne calculating upon th~ aforesaid pro¡ irtion,
then III  balance or difVrer ce «ball be declaied and registered
in tne tveasiuy, and the said difference shall be made up to the
sul Slate by suck of rto Uuitid Miles cq nl to tic said
lillance said stock lo ben in n term of bve pii cení | er on
mini | lyible quarterly m "-aid ¡ita'e 01 us officer or agents
inopeuy authorized lo reieivethe «ame said intnestl «belong
to said Stale for any purpose t> which it shall din  to mply
irísame, and the s^id interest shall liestm to mil fiom thi 1st
day of January. April, July, or October, wtnchevei shall next
piecede the certification of such balance Audit ~.'u I be llit-
duty of the Secretary of the Tietsuiy toib^ui. icl t.t tip u
the form heretofore u ually adopted ut ih„ Ire „w   aid
