CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*59
tion, moved to reducá Ihe duly on salt, from ten to
eight cents per bushel; which was agreed to.
Mr LINN BOYD moved to strike out the whole
of that item, which was negatived.
Several other amendments were proposed and
negatived
The sixth clause, wh ch relates to the dunes tn
wines and spirits, a^, cordials, &e. was acted upon
with some amendments; and on the motion of Mr
FILLMORE, the duty on tobacco, in leaf or un-
manufactured, was changed from 20 to 10 per
cent ad valorem; and on cigars of all kinds., fron
42 50 per thousand, to 40 cents per pound.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN moved to insert, in
the section allowing all  per-ons arriving m  (be
*   United Slates to import their "implementsand cols
' of trade" free of duty, aho of all mechanics,
Í "citizens of the Untied States, importing them for
' their own me "   [He would have said, if he had
been allowed, that he Ihought our own mechanic?
| and cituens ought to be pu1 on at lea«t as good
I footing as foreigners. According to the bill, a
I mechanic could bring with him a full et of tool',
:i without paying any duty, while the Arncu^au me-
I chame would have to pay 50 or 100 per cent, on
I the same articles: ihis was neither just nor equiU-
I ble: let all come in free oí duly, or all pay a duty
  alike ]
On taking the question, Mr. Brown's motion
was rejected
Mr ATHERTON moved to strike out from the
free articles "statues, statuary, paintings," &c. Re-
jected.
Mr. MEDILL movf d to mcert  tea and coffee
among the free artic'es.
Mr COOPER of Georgia moved to amend the
' amendment, by striking out tea; which motion be-
Jf in  rejected,
""    The question was taken on Mr. Medill's mo-
tion, and it w>>s also rejected.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN moved to «tnke out fru,t,
green or ripe, from the West Indies.    Rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to strike out woad or
pastel from the free articles.    Carried.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia nwed to strike out
all the duty on free articles in the 7th section, ex-
cept gold and silver bullion.    Rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to smke out plaster-
of-Pans.   Rejected
Mr. SALTONSTALL moved to include cid
junk in the free articles
Mr CU3HING moved to amend the motion,
by adding oakum; winch motion prevai'mg—
The question w as tak u on Ml. Saltonstall's
amendment, ai amended- and it was adop'ed.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to strike out gold and
silver epaulettes  and wirgs from the free list: re-
¡i jected—ayes 63 noes 67.
*     Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland roved to mseit.
«after plasier-of-Paus,-unground," so as to make
I only the unground plaster duty tree- carried.
Mr. CUSHING movtd to insert tesz'es in the
'*free list   earned.
Mr. BOARDMAN moved to insert ivory un-
manufactured, earned.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to add lo ihe
end of the section, "and coffee "
Mr. CU8HINS moved to am^nd the amend-
ment, by adding "tea," which motion p evaibnf—
Tne question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Cooper as amended, and, on putting it, it was re-
jected—ayes 53, noes not counted.
Mr MEDILL moied to amend the tenih sec-
tion, which imposes a duty of 20 per cent, ad va-
. lorem on all articles not specially enumerated, by
adding the words "except tea and cofive "
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr   GRAHAM appealed;  but, on taking  the
question, the decision ot the Chair was susiained
(( Mr HABERSHAM moved to insert the words
"except tea and coffee, which shall be subject to a
duty of one per cent  ad valorem "
Mr. ATHERTON moved to amend 'he amend-
ment, by adding the words "which duty shall cease
, after thirty days from the passage of this aci:" re-
v Jected.
The question recurring on Mr. Haber-ham's
amendment, it was. al"o rejected.
Mr FILLMORE moved to strike out the 10th
section, and insert a provision laying a duty of
5 per cent, ad valorem on all unmanufactured ar-
ticles not specially enumerated, and a duly of 35
ppr cent on all manufactured articles not specially
enumerated.
Mr RANDOLPH moved an amendment, lay-
ing a duty on all foreign merchandise sold at auc-
tion, P on every hundred dollars' #orth
Mr SUMMERS offered an amendment, at the
r'quest, as he said, of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Tripi.ett,] providing that from and
afier the l\t oi July, 1843, an additional duty of
20 per cent, ad vilorem ¡.hall he levied on all am-
eles ill  growth or produce of countries which siall
not a 'mu the importation of Amer'-an agricultural
producís on certain favorable teims. therein spe-
cified, such additional duties to be taken off when
ihe Presilent shall be satisfied that such forn^n
countries have consented to receive American
products on curiam favorable terms, &c
Mr. HABERSHAM offered an amendment to
the amendment; which being rejected—
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland offered an amend-
ment which 'he reporter could not catch, and it
was al*o rejected.
The quesiion was then taken on Mr Summers's
amendment, and it was carried—ayes 70, noes 62
Mr SALTONSTALL offered an amendment,
establishing the warehousing system. On taking
the question on this motion, the vote was ayes
74, noes 40,
No quorum voting—
Mr. FLOYD moved that the committee n^e:
rejected—ayes 60, noes 7G
The question was again taken on Mr. Saltón
stall's moiion, and it was adopted.
Mr FILLMORE moved to increase the draw-
back on rpfined sugar trom 3i cents to 5 ceats per
pound
Mr MOORE moved to amend the motion by in-
serting 3 cents; which being rejected—
Mr CARUTHERS moved to amend the amend-
ment, by nseiling 2i cents; which was also reject-
ed; when
T.ie q íestion was taken on Mr Fillmore's mo-
tion, and it was adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE moved an amendment, limit-
ing the drawback on spin's disniled from foreign
molasses to 1st January, 1843.
Mr. BRIGGS moved an amendment, to strike
out the clause allowiag a drawback on spirits
distilled from foreign molasses: rej'ected; after
which,
Mr. Fillmore's motion was agreed lo.
Mr. GUSHING moved an amendment allow-
ing a drawback of 4 cents a pound on tarred
cordage, and 5 cents a pound on untarred cordage
manutactur d from foreign hemp- rejected.
Mr. BOWNE offered an amendment allowing
a drawback lo the amount of the duly paid on
flour manufactured from foreign wheal, earned,
ajes 64, noes 62
Mr GWIN moved an amendment in section
14, after "drawback," in the third line, to insert
"on all foreign bagging, or other materials import-
ed after the passage of this act, and used for the
packing of raw coiton, of the growth of the United
S'ates, which shall be exported, of 44 cenls per
-ouare yaid."    Rejecied.
Mr G. proposed to insert "2i," instead of "4é,"
in the amendment.   Rejected.
Mr. G proposed to inert, after 'drasb?ck,"
in the thud bne, "on hoop iron imported after the
passage of this act, and exported on cotton ba'es,
of two cents per pound "    Rejected
On motion of Mr JAMES W. WILLIAMS of
Maryland, an amendment was adopted, in ihe 19 h
section, requiring the collector to designate ¡or ex-
amination oi,e package at least of every ten pack-
ages, or a greater number, should he "or either of
the appraisers" deem it necessarj.
Alter various oilier amendment bad been passed
upon,
Mr GENTRY offerid his amendment provi-
ding for ihe assumption of the debts of the seve.al
State  by  the  Federal Government
On taking ihe question, tb^ amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland then ■ ffered his
amendment, providing for the isst-e of two hun-
dred millions of Government stock, for the re-
demption of the principal and interesi of which
the public lands were to be pledged: the stock tn
be divided among the States—the indebted as we'l
as the non-indebted—in proportion to their popu's-
tion, according to federal number*;.
On taking the question on this motion, tellers
were called for, and Messrs. Gentry and Johnson,
arm in arm, pa'sed through iherxi, tht e two only
voting m the affirma.ive.
After ihe noi.y merriment wh ch the occasion
excited had p.issed off, the quc-tK o wa" givn up.
Mr CUSHING moved lo strike out the 25'h,
seeuou, wh ch repeals the 20 per c<-nt. clause in
the distribution act- rejected—ayes 70, nots 105.
Mr BEESON offered the following amendment
to the 25 h section of the bill:
Stakeout all after the enacting clau-e, ['and distribution,}
and in ertthe following
1 hat, fiom and aftei the last day ci December next there
shall be levied, collected, and ptid, tnioughout the United
¡states, the several duties, lo w t
On each and every promissory noie 01 notes payable either
to beater or order, issued by any of the banks or companies
t\ho issue notes, bonds, or obligations m the similitude of bank
notes and tickets, either incorporated or n t incorporated,
which now are or may hereafter be established m the United
States, oi bv any banker or othei mdividti tl, of simllai or in-
termediate denomination to those of the gold md sliver coins
of the United States, according to the fo1 owir g lateo, viz
If of the denomination oí five dollar0 orotliet Iowa sum, filty
cents
If oí the denomination of ten, and not les- thanfue dollars,
forty cents
Sec 20 Ami Oe it further maciei', That each and every
such bank, company, hanker and individual who have issued
or may issue any such notes, bonds, or 'íckets, m the similitude
of bank notes, of the denominations aforesaid, 4rall make entry
of the number and denomination thereof with the collector of
the revenue of the district wherein they reside or should there
be no such collector within such limit, then to the di^u-ict attor-
ney within such limit, on or before the Jasi day of Decemter
next, and annually thereafter And iln> siid collector or dis-
trict attoi nty shall est mate and endoi se the duties (hereon, ihe
parly making such enti y taking an oath or affirmation that it
contains the whole numbei and denominations o such notes,
bonds, or tickets, issued by such party wi hin the term of one
year from and after the last day of December next, and a ipu-
ally thereafter And the said oath or nfihioatloii shall be ad
ministered by such collector or attorney and the entry shall be
subsuiheJ, m duplicate, by the person making ihe «ame
Sec 27 And bp it furthel tnac et' That u shall be the
duty oí the Secretaiy of the Trcasur> to est blibh rules and
regulations to secure a just and f tithfiil collection of the said
dune, and thatthe existing laws for to lecung the impost du-
ties, and for ttie recoveiv, collection, di jtbution and remis
sidfof all fine penalties, and íoifei ules shall exten] to and
be in force ur the colleclion of said t'u es, as fuhy and effectu-
ally as if they had been inserted in and it, enacted b) this act
Mr ROOSEVELT offered an amendment to re-
peal the distribution ad; which motion was re-
jected.                                                                  *
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered an amendment,
providing that hereafter all moneys collected at
the custom-houses shall be paid in the treasury, and
no part thereof shall be relamed for fees or sala-
rie , but ihe accounts of the office s sha 1 be audited
and pa d at the treasury: rejected
After a few other arnenJirem bad been passed
upon—
On motion by Mr B0TT3, the commi tee rose
and íepoi-ted the bill to the Hoase
Mr  BRONSON moved the previous Question.
Oa motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, and by
general consent, the bill was ordered to be printed
as amended.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Saturday, July 16, 1842.
Mr. CRAFTS said he had, on ye'ttrcay, voted
for the rejection of the bill for me ¡e lef of the legal
representatives of John Hall, deceas d. He made
a monon to recons.Jer that vote, acd to let it he on
the table for the present. The motion vras laid on
the table.
The bill granting la"ds to the ceveral States,
(except Conneclicut and Kentucky, which have re-
ceived like quantities, for the same puipose,) for
the education of the deaf, dumb, ai d b md, and for
ihe relief of insane person^ w,is taken up, as in
commit'ee of the whole.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana spoke for some time in
favor of the passage of the bill, during which, he
presented much statistical mfcrmation touching
these unfortunate c'asses. He hardly anticipated
that, at so late a period oi the sew ion, tht bill
