960
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would receive the consideration to which ji /as en-
titled, or «ould become a Jaw. If o her Senator"?,
in the consideration of the subject, should think it
better to postpone the bill until there was more
time to investigate it, he would not object; though
he would be much better pleased if the bill should
be permitted to pass.
Mr. YOUNG thought there oueht to be a limita-
tion ot the period during which these land*, were
to be held by the S ates unsold. He pointed out
the evil effects p'odaced by large bodies ot Sands
heing held batir, retarding the settlement of near
States.
Mr. SMITH directed the Senator's at ention to
the clau<e in the bdl limit.ng the period to five
ye^rs.
Mr. WRIGHT expressed bis admiratien of the
very interestir.g exposition made by the chairman
of the Coir-rnit.ee on Public Lands, but as it was
evident there would net be time this session to act
upon the bill, he v ould move 'o lay it on the table.
The bill was, in accorJanee with this motion,
laid en the tab! .
On mot on of Mr. WRIGHT, the Sena'e took
tip for conoid'ration, as in committee of the uhole,
tbe bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to make an arrangement or compromi e with any
of the smeues on bonds given to tre Un ted States
by Samuel Swartwout, la'e collector of the cus-
toms for the port of New York.
Mr W. explained that the bill merely author-
ized the Secretary of the Tieasury to compound
with the sureties of Swartwout, which would have
the effect to bring $25,000 into the treasury, which
would be lost to the Government if the bill did not
prevail.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and oidered tobe engrossed for a third reading.
Mr GRAHAM moved to take up the bill for
the adjus'ment oí claims for property destroyed in
the Piori 'a war
The general orders were, on this motion, pou
poned, and the bid alluded to by Mr. G. was taken
up, as in conmutee of the whole
Mr. G. efpHned the object of the bill to be to
acceita>n the ficts oí cla.ms made upon the Gov-
ernment for prop-rt^ desirojed by the Indians in
consequent e of the occupation oí the United S a'es
troops in Fl rida, tor the purpose of facilt'atmg the
act on of Congres> in the final adjustment of these
claims It siso extended the provisioas of toe iavM
of 1816 a'id 1817, in relation to the claims an mg
out oí tbv late vai with Great Bata n, to Ibe cases
originating in the Florida wr.
Mr SEVIER su?!?' sted that an amendment was
ne*"sary in rela ton t claim-. whiUi had been al-
ready investigated and reported upon.
. Mr KING, for the purpose of meeting tbe cases
referred to by the S nator from Arkansas, offered
an amendment, to the effect that all cases which
had been investiga ed and reported upon favorably
should be settl d by the auditor, and, if found by
him in acci'darce with the hws of 1816-17, pa c1.
Me>srs GRAHAM and WRIGHT, on behilf
of the Commit ee oa Claims, disapproved of tne
amendmmt, on the ground that the b 11 «as not in-
tended to mase immediate apniopnatirn, but 'o
obtain da a tor the adjustment of the claims by
Congress
Mr BERRIEN pointed out the reasonableness
and justice of the propo cd amendment
Mr HUNTINGTON was of a different opin-
ion Many cf tbose claims had been reported
upon in one House, and not w the other for
some bills ha 1 passed the House, and had not oc-ne
befi.e tbe Sena e They would, in effect, be paid
without the revision of Congress, while other clpims
would have to be subjected to fall congressional
action
Mr KING replied, and shewed that tbe claims
reposed *p n were mlispu'able
The arnendrren* wa« further o-ipo-ed by Mass's
GRAHAM WRIGHT, CONRAD, WOOD*
BS'RY, a id WHITR -ml advocated b/ Mt, ,s
KING, YOUN*, SMITH of Ccnne, ¿cut, aid
¡3EV1 i R
I  v 4   u ga ivid  by a tie vo'e—-yeas 20, na/s
Mr. WHITE then moved to amend the bi'l, by
including cases arising out of the B aek Ht>wk war
After some discussion, (m which it wasexp'amed
that a law already exis ed embracing those cases,)
Mr WHITE pressing his amendment, it v,as
negatived—yeas 8, na>s 18.
The bill was then reporte 1 back to the Senate.
Mr WHITE again < ffered bis anv-ndment, to
include cases ar sing out of the Blick Hawk war;
en which he called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
It was rejected—yeas 8, npys 23
The bill was then ordered to bs engrossed for a
th ntieading
/''The bill direrlii g an edition of the; Ia"S of the
United States to be compiled and printed, and for
the distribution thereof, Come up m order, and was
read the second t me.
Mr. BENTON «ished >o record bis vote against
the bill, ana demanded tbe yias and rays, which
were ordered, and, the question being pat, the bill
was passed in the affirmative—yeas 20, nays 12, as
foilow«:
YEAS—Mebare Archer, Bate  Bayaid, Beinen, Cor rati,
Dayton, Evans Henderson, Ilun'mgton, Kerr, M mgum Mer
rick, Mil er Morehead Poitei, Pies'on, Simmors, Smith of
Indian i, ffprague, did Woodbuuge—20
NiYs-Messrs Bairby, llenton, Calhoun Fulton, G ohaim,
Kin?, Linn, McRxbeits, White, Woodbuiy, Wr ght, and Young
—12
The bill to confirm th  claims to land in the dis-
trict between the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers, was
read the third time and passed.
The bill to abolish th  office of the Commissary
General of Purchases came up m its order, and
was laid on the tab e.
The bill in addition to an act to amen 1 the act
entitled "An act making alteration in the Treasury,
War, and Navy Departments," came up in com-
mittee of the whole, on an adverse report of the
Committee on the Judiciary, when
On motion of Mr. CONRAD, it was indefinitely
postponed.
Tin bill m addition to an act to promote the pro-
gres of the useful arts, was take i up as in cota-
mi'tre of the whole, and, at the suggestion, of Mr
KING, laid on the table.
Mr KERR moved to postpone all tl ■■ previous
orders of tie day, for the purpose of taking up
bills Hating to the Di tr ct of Columbia, v hich
the Senate refused—by ayes 9, noes nut counted
Mr CALHOUN moved to postr-one all previous
ciders ot the dav, for the purpose of tailing up the
b 11 for th  rel ef of the legal representatives of
John De Treviile
The question was put, and th  motion was
agreed *o
The bill was then considered, as in commit'ee of
the whole.
Mr. CALHOUN explained that the bill pro-
vided for a pension in a cs e wheie th  individual
was held as a pri'oi er ot vtar dunn  the whole of
the war of the Revolution, and showed (hat ihe
resolution of Mr Madisit, of 1780, fully coveted
tbe case, and justified ije allowance oí tbe pen-
sion.
The bill was then repotted bat,k to the Senate,
and the qaestion being, Shall the oill oc ordered to
be engrossed for a 'hint re^d ng? it was &o ordered
by ayes 22, noe  net countea.
Trie bill to establish icoipsof sappers, mine's,
and pontomers, c?me up 1,1 itsoner, rs in com-
mittee of the whoie.
Mr PRESTON was sati fled thit the effictenry
of the army would te greatly in ua«ed by the
establishment of such a corps, and'"a it woni 1 rot
cost m ire tnan $40 000, vet he did not wi-h t > depart
frurn ihe seemi> g poljry of Congr<""3, as evinced
by t>e reduction of th''aren in the lite oill. He
ib-retcre moved to lay the bill on the table. The
mo1 on was agreed to
the íoilu^iug bilis were taRen up °s m com-
mittee of the «hele, considered, reporte 1 back to
be Stnat  and ordeicd to be engrossed far a tni'ü
¡"rdmg, v z
Hou-e bill emit] d "An et for tK  relief of
^.i j>h M o -, of the State ol  Maiyland "
The bill fi,r ha relief ot th" heirs ot Frsin'is
Newman.
House Lili entitled An act for the relief of
Wm   Markbam
House bill entitled 3i.n act to authorize the issu-
ing of a patent to Bartholomew Pellenn, his heirs,
or assigns.
The bul to authorize the issa pg of a patent to
th* neir  or legal representitivcs oí Francis Rivard,
deceased
Tne bill for the relief of Casper W Weaver.
[This bill was opposed by M . KING, and de-
fended by Messrs MERRICK an^ YOUNG ]
House bill entitled An ac* to atiti orize the Pres-
ident of the United States to issue to the heirs of
Jonn Cansr be 1 a patent tor the remainder of pri-
vate ¡and claim No. 20, at Pra>ne du Chien, in the
Territory of Wisconsin.
House bul entitled An act grrnt.ng a right of
pre emotion to certain lots in tac town oí Perrys-
burg, in the State of Ohio
House bill entitled An act to grant to Van
Buren county, Mi*sou i, the tract of land on
which the seat of justice of s>aid county has been
located.
The b 11 providing for the publication of an
edition of 18 000 ccpies of 'be laws regulating the
Post cffiee Department, ceme up in its order, as in
committee of the whole, an 1 after having been ex-
plained by M' MERRICK, who comer-dad for
the nece*-si*y of 'he pvi plication, and opposed by
Messrs KING and SEVIER—
Mr. EVANS s^id he desired to examine the bill,
as it involve 1 a considerable expenditure of money;
and, with that view, he moved an adjournment;
which motion be as agreed to,
The Señale adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
S^iobdat, Jaly 16, 1842.
Mi AD^MS, from the Se cct Committee, ap-
pointed ut der the resolution submitted by him. and
to which was referred t*se letter of the Secretary of
Sta t, transmitting t\e exposition of tbe re?sons of
the Prns,dent filed in that department, for giving
his smcuon to ih  anport'onment bill, made a re-
port thereof, concluding with the following reso-
lution
Resolved, Tnat the lioi «e of Representatives consider the
artofthePl ^dento the Uni e t States, notified to ihem by his
mes&i°f oí thu^fh u tir o ard i hi= caí &n g to be deposited
m the offrc ol the Secietaiy of S ate with 'he tct of Congress
tntitied An iU lor the appoitioi ment of liepresentatives
amo i^ the seveiü *5 ates accox ling to th*- sixth census," ap
provland iiííne t bv fun, an e^pOMtion ol his reabons loi
ewm  to he it act *\ á a^cti n as unwari Anted by the Con
stitimon an ' liws ,fi e IJm cd ¡states, i junous to the public
ntert t ard of evd e^mpie f irthe liitnrp an t this Huuse do
hei el y so en nly putest agair't he sat 1 let of the President,
and a" tmst it& ever being íepeated 01 add iced as a precedent
hereafui
T e recotion ol this reoort ard reso'ution was
objected to bj some me ber; but, after a brief
con.e'sation b-tween Mr FILLMORE, Mr.
ADAMS, and He SPEAKER, the cbjection was
sith'-iwn, aid th  report and resolution were
ordeied to b  printed.
Mr. GOGG1N a^ked to bs discharged fro'ii
strv n^ on the spec al couimi'tee ra sed m regard
to Virg.ma m htary bountv lards He did so, he
•a d, for the vtry reasons t>e brfd heretofore urged
agaiust the refer^nce o' bis subj ct to the Com-
m t <~e on R "Oijlionary Claims That committee
Vris (ppo^ed t0 the claims for bounty 'ands; be
b^s la iavor ef tnem. He mijht not be supposed,
therefore, to be fre-1 from Hitp prejudices which
render a joroi un<it to se ve when, he has mad  up
and expits^el an opinion, -^s he had done
Mr STANLY onpesed tbe motion, and, on the
tjuesno i be Jig put, the House decioed not to ex-
empt Mr G trim serv ee < n tke citsim'tee.
The Hi-i1 e then re i.pied 'h' coi ^deration ftf
the report of tpe C nira'U^e rn the Judiciary, on
ihe «uoj ct cf eiemir"' the la^krjpt system to
bitnkiis; corprra 10 ,, T s itport mncluded wilh
a resolution ib->' t was inexpedient lodo so.
Mr I>OOSEV"u1,w1omis.,ui ud to the floor,
aldre s rt ihe \ tu„e in i ppo'i rn 'o tbe report,
and to show th fXD dn-rtj as well as justice, oi
•paki'g b«nk> liable to ir-e fr vj irm oí bank-
rt.pcy Bettrc tr.iebi'Fehisr mark>, Mr R,at
the request o* Mr PirLM>fF wcioe1 th  floor to
enable the House to take up the tar if bill, which
