f64
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ury to make an arrangement or compromise with
any of the securities on bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swarlwout, laie collector of the
customs for the port of New York
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up, as in cotnm't^ee of the whole, the joint
resolution from the House for the benefit of Geoige
Schnahel and Robert Barber, jr Tee resolution
•was explained by Mr B , and reported lo the Sen-
ate; and, aftar undergoing several amendments,
adopted at the instance of Mr SMITH of Indiana,
was, according to order, read the third time, and
The bill to provide for the publication of a new
edition of the laws and regulations of 'he Post Of-
fice Department, and a perfect list of the post or-
fices in the United States, was taken up, as m
committee of the whole, as the unfinished business
of Saturday.
Mr. MERRICK explained hat the proposition
was to print an edition of 18,000 copies?, which had
been contracted for under a former Postmaster
General, and bad been partly executed, and would
cost, when completed, $9,200.
Tne bill was dien reported to the Seni'e, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to ¡nvest the proceeds of the Smithsoni-
an fund, and to establish the Smitfroiian insii'u-
tion, came up in its order, as in committee of the
whole, but, without being considered, was at the
suggestion of Mr. ALLEN, postponed till to-mor-
row.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from the
northern part of the State of New York, praying
that Congress will pass a law laying such a tariff
of duties as will afford alequaie revenue for tne
support of Government, and to "et apart th¡  pro-
ceeds of the °ales of the public lands for tn« paj-
ment of the national debt- referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Tne following Hou«e bdls came up, as in com-
mittee of the whole, on sd/erse reports of t^e
Committee on Persioni, and were, cm the motion
of Mr. BATES, indefinitely postponed, viz
House bill entitle d An act for the relief of E iza-
beth Jones, and others.
An act for the relief of Jame*! Pnelps.
An act granting a pensun to EliMbi h Fitch,
widow of William Fitch, defeased.
An act for the relief oí Joel Tiffany
Tne iollowiu" bills from th- House were liken
up, as in commit'ee of the whole, ciaii dered, re-
potted to the Senate, an I, according to ouUr, \.ere
ruad the third time md pa sc 1, viz
An act le-r the rel ef of tVil i  n fl¿irp< i.
An act for th" relief ot Jetn G Aleiand r.
An act for the relief of Dame) Honan-..
An act for the relief of I<i a<> Fe«.«tK!i"n
An act making appropriation of $1,000 fur las
repair of ihe custom house at Piovioenct.
The folio iing bills were t iken up is m com mt-
tee of the while, considered, r-por ed to toe Sen-
ate, and orderpd to a third r^dim*, v /•
The bill for the relief of Amey Ba 'but
House bill entilUd An ict for !ha relief of In-
gildsby W C'lwford [lii's bill vras ¿mended
oi the "jcgeoiiun of the Coaiiuit-e en Com-
merce ]
Hij <i bi / entitle' An ac ror the re! ef or Jnsun
Holmes [This I'll «as men'edoitue £ e>
lion of the CTiirritl«le cp Coiirr  c° ]
The bill for he relief of th'* teal r^p'-'en' .lives
of Tncrese Mai ct e, wiJo* of Gís^ id Pjiole.
The bid ior the rel "t rf Jijisn 'iclgar.
The b 11 k   th-1 relief of Jean 15 r iste Comean.
Xae bul for tne rtlief cf the heirs ot M*dame
de Lussei.
The bill to confirm the fit e of the he r° of J-nves
Syrr-pson, deceaspd, to a c r ?i*i traa of la .id in
thP State of Louisn"?; end
Tne bill for ihe re'l°f i Jc'.p Mocie
The bill rfguiafng the currerc/ <f f reign gold
and silver came up in its order, «is in eom/ui"er of
the wholp, but was, on lh* «•ups'-stio i of Mr.
BENTON, who wished 'o -raoe soma r^nuiAa oa
It, laid on the table for the pre*,? it.
JO  bUI to increase the efficiency of the araiy
came up in its order, and wai, on the motion of
Mr HUNTINGTON, laid on the table.
House bill entitled "An act to regulate the com-
pensation of the custom-house officers," eame up
in its order- but was kid on the table at the sug-
gestion of Mr. EVANS, who stated that the object
had been provided for ia the general appropriation
bill.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of the
assistants of the marshals of the United States for
the district of Kentucky, came up in us order, a¡,
in committee- of the whole.
M ssrs. GRAHAM and CRITTENDEN ex-
plained a id deiended the bill; and Mr. KING op-
posed it, on the ground tbJt if they undertook to
rever e the deciion of a judge awarding com-
pensation to alistan' marshals because of made
qua'e pay, they would open a door for hundred  of
applications from awtant matshals m all parís of
the country, foi additional compensation; he there-
fore moved to lay the bill on the table. The mo
ticn was agreed to
House bill entitled An act for the relief of E)re
and Mass-ey, came up, as m committee of the whole,
on an adverse report from the Committee on Com-
merce;  Kn
Mr HUNTINGTON moved that the bill be in-
definitely postponed
[This was a ciaim for excess of duties paid to
the Government on sugars imported from Canton
The Committee on Commerce moved its rejection,
on the ground that the claimants permitted th
claim to lie dormant from 1830 to 1840, withoa'
pressing i upon the Government—havingarquie«ced
in the r-tusal of the collector to pay it over for that
length of lime ]
Mr. BAYARD remarked that the claim dil not
lie doimau, but t at the cla'mants had prosecuted
it befrre the revenue department until ail hope was
Its', and ih v men made application to the Con-
gress ot the United States
Tne question was token, and the b,i! Wd., indefi-
nitely poMpuf'd.
Mr. CONRAD sud he Msbed the vote taken
above, on the pa-sage of tl,e bi i provieh-g for the
settles u nt ot clfim-, for property de troyed by rea
sin of ihe military ofrup-it on of Fionda to be
reeoBs dered, v in a View lo iceonsi 'er the vote
r°j ciing the amendment proposed lo ¡he b II by the
S nator iron Alabaría, [Vír King,] providing it-at
the sf v ral c'^ims which f-?J been formally repon-
ed on and p?s&p(J ei'h r House of Cot¡s,re.ss, &h\H
be r Iju-ied on (he principes of the bill by t'e
Am' tors of too Treasury.
The ro es on the passage an 1 engrossment of tt e
bill were th«.n reconsidered, and the bill was laid
on me tr ble
The but for the relief of John Compton, as- gnee
ai i u iresentahve of G ungues Pla.jie, c?mt op
in its oid"r, s >n comiimee of Ihe wi ole, indaf er
f tow ipma",ts by Mr. LINN, >n explanation of its
prow io ", f d by Vír KJi>G, m cpnositicn to the
bul, t was postp ncd. n ?'ve ire latter Senator
time o peruse th" report m lavor of fir bill
Tne Dili for lh-> r°l ef of me h^rs oí Genenl
Willnui Eaton cama up, as m connrit ? of t"j
«''of, <-'css di cn sH b Me->si, CALHOUN
BE^TON, ar.J LINN, ard i ot ried >o the Sena",'
. nr th q i stion being Snail the bill be engrossed
fo' a th r' reí i«g? if was pat, and respited as fol
low     aves JO  t ces 12
Nt q>i ,.•-! h i g to", on tnotioj of Mr.
L'NM, t "> b ii was ] iid < n th- table.
Ciwot'on of eJr BERRIEN,
Th-  &ta te ac'jomue.d til tomorrow at 11
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mcndíy, July 18, 3842
Mr W C. JOHNSON <sslied a sus-pensten of
the rjip?, th't he m 0ht n.eseru certa'n re'olutiors
v^ich were uniprqiood to be the resoltitnps whtca
he offered some days ago m relation to the assump-
tip" of Sta e deb 9
The Houap refu ed to suspend the ru'e<..
Sc, «-"a! other gen lemen dcsirtd to call up par-
ticular busines , but
Mr, A, G, C0D9E eatieated Ihe Hotue to ad-
here to its special order for this and the two suc-
ceeding days, teing business, relating to the Terri-
tories.
The House accordingly resolved «tself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Gilmer in the chair,) on Tern'or al business,
whi"h, on the molion of Mr. A C Dodge, bad
been transferred to that committee lrom ihs Com-
mittee ot the Whole House.
The fust bill taken up was entitled "An act to
provide tor the arjied occupation and settlement of
the unce ni>i«d p-mnsula of Florida  
Mr STOKELY urged the necessity of this en-
actment, and mmii'ely explained the object ot its
several sections. Such a measure had been recom-
menced by the Governor of Florida, and by its
present inhabitant?, ?s a means of putting an end
to ihe atrocttie  whicn so fr< quemly harrowed up
our feelings. It was necessary, also, to avoid the
disgrace of being reaten by a few savage*. The
bill proposed to make grants of land te settlers, to
secU'e the settlement of the border line, gs a ram-
part against the encroachments of the Indians.
Mr PENDLETON made «onse observations,
which were not di<tinctly heard.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON opposed the bill. He
said the bill proposed to give to settlers not only
poruons of the unoccupied Government lands, but
arms and ammunition,—and for whai'! Not to
kill Indians, for there were none to kill; but to turn
«portsmen, and range at p'easure over a vast do-
main in pursuit of game He condemned ihe sys-
tern as a fraud on the public
Mr J concluded by moving that this bill be la d
aside and that the committpe proceed to the con-
sideration ot the next bill relating to the Territories
on the table.
Mr STOKELY rose to reply.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman that the
mo!ion was not debatable.
Mr LEVY, and several others, r,smg and ex-
pressing a wish to reply—
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion, and
Mr. S^ KELY, who had first ob'amed tie floor,
replied to Mr Johnson at length. He had hoped
that a gen leman who, without any sanction fiom
a committee, and without any cou uliation wnh
h s f iend=, ba!, of h>s owi motion, introduced to
the House a propo<<uion of the gravest character,
would not have denounced, as he had dote, a
measure rf this kird nor have characte-ized it in
such sirong ard opprob-ious terms This measure
was not deserving ihe reproaches the gentleman
had cast upon it It was not introduced as a fraud,
not wou'd it operate as a mere bounty to a parcel
of idle loafers, to be snread over the country.
[Mr J. said that he had not spoken of loafers ]
The gent'eman bad sooken as if a bounty was to
be given to a parcel of persons to be spread over
the country, amusing themselves with killing game,
and rendering bo service to the couury He would
HI the gentleman thrt the bill was introduced for
th" pmpo«e of putting an end 10 a disgraceful and
r shonoraVe  a , to asar-  m stimulating a new
Sta.te into the Untoi, and to enable the Govern-
m ut to bring into market the Bullions of hi tile
and unsettled aer ¡> in th" Termo,) The gentle-
man from Man.laid had argiW aj if the Govern-
ment was lo fdreith a'ms and munitions of war,
with provisioi s and «uppl s-, to m«n vbo were to
spread themselves, over the richest lands 1 f this El
Dorado B it the gentleman ougnt to have noticed
that the clause authorizing the furnishing of rations
and arm  had been striken cm, &nd the provision
eiviKg an íddi lona! 160 aeres lo the wives of the
sett ers inserid in its place Was ti-ere anything
nov«l m this giving a bounty of lands? Was ¡t
not done frr the soldiers or ihe last war vn h Great
Britain? Was it not the principle borrowed from,
th  Revolution Look at the hb-ral bounties given
by Virginia to her soldiers who fought n the Rev-
olution. Here you ds nothing but give 160 acres
to the se tier, and 160 more to his wife, if he ha 
oi%—not or.e-ienth part of what Virginia gave to
her soldeers m Kentucky, the most fertile State m
thp Union. Besidev, even this bounty the settlers
were not to have till they proved that tbey had
served the country five years, by defending it
against the Indians,  Mr. S., after rewp«nlari g
