766                                           CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
port to Congress the name of every individual who
shall seltle en the public lands in pursuance of
the provisions of this set, whether said sett'er be a
single or a-married man, and also what section he
may have located.
This amendment was adopted.
Mr. ADAMS also moved to strike out the word
"young" and insert "single" in that part of the
bill which extends its benefiis lo "married or young
men."   Agreed to.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON then offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That this law shall not go into operation unless
the Secretary of War shall issue a proclamation, approved by
the President, giving it as his opinion that the aimed settleis,
men, women, and children, provided for m the bill, are more
available troops than the gallant army of the United States.
After some discussion, in which Messrs. W. C.
JOHNSON, XILLINGHAST, and STOKELY
took part, the amendment was i ejected.
Mr. STANLY offered an amendment—which
was adopted—preventing any citizen of Florida
who shall be lh<" owner oí 160 acres of land, or
more, from availing himself ot the provisions ol
the bill.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment, i educing
from six to three months the lime for giving notice
of a discontinuance of ihe permits lo settlers. The
bill provided that the President should have power
to stop the issuing of permits lo settlers, upon sir
months' public notice thereof. The effect ot the
amendment was to reduce ihe time: agreed to.
Mr. McKAY also offered an amendment—
which was adopted—the effect ol which was un-
derstood to be to limit the operation of the bill to
the period of one year, instead of until the 1st ot
January, 1844.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON moved lo strike out
two, and insert ten, as the mi'iimum number of
miles at which settlers should be required to reside
iiom any imlvary post.
After some remarks in opposition from Mr.
STANLY, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON ihcn moved to insert five
milet. as the nearest distance at which settlers
should be allowed to residv from a military post.
Mr. LEVY opposed the amendment, and it was
irj -cted
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then -ignited hi in-
tention to oppose the bill in every '■Inpi/ and by
every parliamentary movemrm of which he rould
avail himself He offered an amendment (which
wa?. not heard) imposing further restraints upon set-
tier1. : rejected.
Mr KING- moved to strike out "two," and in-
: nrt tour miles, as the nearest distance at which
jotihrs shull be allowed to re^de from a u'ihtary
post: lejected.
Mr. WM COST JOHNSON offeied an amend-
ment, providing that nothing contained in th bill
should be construed to enure to the bcrUn oí any
person now a eit'Z^n cr inhabitant oí Flonda, but
in emigrants or citizen, of other Sialic oi the
Union: rejtr cii.
Mr. BR0N8ON oflercd an amendment,providing
that arms and account men'. ,hould be furnished
by the Government to young m« n who might not
be able to bti ' thi m.  rej < ed
The question wa. ihrn nlieri on 'be amendment
to the bill d. amende I !>/ ih Co.nmilirc of Die
Whole, and was decided vi the affirm-, iw: aye,
£8, noes 36.
On motion oí M'. WAR1), the tot 'mild t rose.
The Chairman IMr. Gilmer] then n ported the bill
to the iioii-t.
Mr. W. C JOJNJON rao.-.' a i «tiijouin>j,i ni.
jtji'Ciid.
Mr. 'iURNEY >. o?ed the previou. que-ti™ on
(fncumng in ih> <tm-.iidii.inf i. amended in Com-
iniace ol the Whole.
Mr. BRONSON mov<-J to lay the Li'l on ihe
tab1!: reject! d.
The previous que 't")< was then >e o>tV'; and,
the queftion reenrr u uptn oriVriDR the bill to Us
engrossment. Decided ¡a fie aSiinii ¡ve—y^as SJ,
nays 50.
Mr. BOARDS! AN moved ¡ha  die House cd-
journ.    Rejected—yeas 50
The bill was then passed—yeas 82, i ays 50
Pending a notion tor me reeoi-sideration ot this
vote, made with a view to prevent any attempt to
reverse the dfcision of the House,
Mr. BIRDSEYE moved an adjournment, which
was earned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 19, 1842.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which the subject had been re-
"fei red, reported a bill for the relief of Reese B.
Ward; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading; and, on motion of Mr. SEVIER, who
explained its provisions, the bill was taken up, as
in committee of the wholp, considered, reported to
the Senate, and orderrd to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. BATE % fiom the Committee on Pensions,
lo which a resolution of inquiry upon the subject
had been referred, reported the following joint res-
olution:
Revolted hyihe Señale and House of Repi tientatioe* i f
the United States of America m Congress assembled, That
the benefits of the act entitled "An act grantu g half pay and
pensiona to ceuain widiwg," approved the 7th Hay of July,
1S33, shall not be withheld iiom any widow whose husband
died after the passage of the act of 7th June, 1832, and before
the act of the 7th July, 1&33, if otherwise entitled to the same
Ihe resolution was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reidmg; and, on motion of Mr BATES, was
taken up as in committee of Ihe whole.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that all questions
touchirg the pension system should be strictly in-
vestigated, to piev«nt the establishment o{ a new
pruicple, vrhich would tend further to exhtnsl the
national trea-ury. He wished ¡he matter expiat 
ed. He recollected well that, on the occasion when
the bill of 1838 was up for consideration, he had
been told by ihe chairman of the Petition Commit-
tee thai tl.at bill would not involve ?.ny material
rhaige upon the public treasury; but the result of
its operanon was to take from the treasuiy, the
ver', first year, nearly a million of dollars.
Mr. BATSS explained that'the object of ihe
resolution was to provide for cases ot widows
whose hns'mnds died b¿tw?en the passage of the
two laws—1832 and 1838. He made some explana-
tions as  to the act of  1838, not distinctly heard.
After some further rtmaiks by Mr. CALHOUN,
in oppontion to its further consideration, the reso-
lutitn was postponed til! to-morrow; and the re-
port of the committee and the opinion of the At-
torney Gr.ntrai were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN pre«enled a memora] from
J^mes O'Connor, of Philadelphia, representing
that he had made a great impiovemeiit m the
sir am-engtne, in regard lo economy, security, ar.d
efficiency. He wished the patronage of Copgres.s,
if they find Ihe improvement what he sta'es ji to
be. rt ferrul to the Committee on Patents and the
Pa'ent Office.
Mr. SEViER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had betn referred House bill ct.ntkd "An
art foi tht rebel of Coloi el John II. ¡-.'tone," re-
ported Ihe same back wi'hout amendment.
Mr GRAHAM, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which had been referred numerous appli-
eMi'ii,o( widows for an extension of Ihe petismn
law tf 1838, so as to continue io them during their
life lh" benefits ot that act, made a report that it
wa> inexpedient todo so.
Mr.  GRAHAM, from the Committee on Pen-
ion-, to which had been ¡eferrcd Rou,e bill for
(heie'iel oí Samuel Dicy, reported ¡he same back
v.iihout amendment.
ini. BafES, from the Committee onPeii'ions,
in Hhic!-. hid been referred Hou-e bill to amend the
an. ol July, 1336and 1838, alloiing pensions to
ceii a  widows, reported ihe same back, without
,-inendmen'.
Mr PRESTON, agreeably to notice, on leave,
introduced the following joint resolution:
Rcsoticd lit/ the. Senate and Home of Representativo, of
tk> Urittfd States ofAmeiica in Congi ess ttssembttd, That
all surr"! Imeafler appropiiaied to carry mm eflíCl ir aties for
the es:nnsuisbm( n'ot the Indian titles to lands, snail be r-'jm
buieed to the tieastny outol the proceeds of the sales of the
hndt. aoqimul by ihe tieafy under which the appropriation is
made
The r< solution w?s read, and ordered to a second
rpading
Mr. PRESTON de'ired that as much progress
as po< ib'e should be made in the disposition of
the resolution; and would ptefei to have it read the
second time then.
Mr. LINN was going lo suggest lo the Senator
from South Carolina the propriety -of having the
question tested on the second reading. He (Mr.
L.)preferred, therefore, that it should be postponed
till to-morrow, with the understanding lhat it be-
then taken up, when the Senate was more full, and
tested on the question of ordering it to a second
reading
Mr. PRESTON had no objection tosuch acorarse;
and the resolution was accordingly postponed till
to-morrow, and oidered to be printed.
• Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
(he Judiciary, reported back, without amendment,
the bill to amend the act entitled "An act ¡< pp!e-
mentary to the act entitled An act to amend the
judicial system of the United Stales;" which was,
On the suggestion of Mr. SEYIER, made the f pe-
cial order ot the ¿ay for to-morrow, during the
morning hour.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, the bill tor the relief of William W..
Skidmore, and wuh a recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill regulating the currency of foreign gold
and silver coin of the United States was, on the
motion of Mr. EVANS, postponed till to-morrow.
The bill for the relief of the inhabitants of re-
served township in Gibson county, in the Stale of
Indiana, came up in its order, as in committee of
the whole; was considered, reported to the Senate,
ard, having been engrossed, wa<: read the third
time, and pas-.ed.
The bill entitled ■ An act to carry into effect two
resolutions of the Continental Congress, direcling
monuments to be eree'ed in memorv of Generals
Francis Nash and William Davidson," came up in,
order, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. GRAHAM explained that several resolu-
tions oí tms natuie, and some voting medals lo
those officers who had distinguished themselves,
during the Revolution, had been passed by the Con-
tinental Congres.; some of them had been carried
into effect, and others remained to be carried;
among which were these. The bill appropriates
§500 for the purpose, m each of those cases, lo
e>-ect monuments m the Sta.e of North Carolina.
Mr. SEVIER said if, by ihe erection of those
monuments, it was intended to evidence ibe respect
of Congress and the nation for the memory of those
galiant men, and as evidence oí gratitude for their
privations and meritorious «ervices, he thought
something more frurg the object should be done.
He propo'ed to amend the bin, by substituting
$5,000 to erect a monument in each of ihe cases at
me seat ot Government; but, at the iugtesfon ol
Mr. GRAHAM, who thougot $500 wouid be
ample, and would be as good evidence of our re-
spect tor their memory as more cost'y one.-, ihc
amendment was Withdrawn.
Me-srs. CALHOUN am! KING, though they
felt the greatest dc'ieacy n si'gs,c<ting anything
which mig'.it be eor.sti'jccí nito an opposition to the
object, yet 'Ufgci-led ihe propriety ol suffer ng ihc
bill to he ovei till next Ccngi" , for 'h? purpose ot
having the sisbpct referred to a committee, to in-
vc u aie as to whit number of ihe resolves of the
Continental Ct rigrrs- of th's character were yet
vintx cutftl. Though tbty fully appreciated the
inestiroab'e srrvirr-, pf ihe great and gallanlmen
of the Revolution, yetihry apptehended lhat,if ihe
bill were ddoptel, 't wtii'd' call up many such
cases lo be provided foi by Congress. Congress
had no! yet erected a iBuirament to the memory of
the great Wcsh.r^ton, and they saw no reason
why this bill should be hurried threugh, without
investigating thetnbjeet fully. They hoped the
bill would not be pa-ted through thrn.
After some fuiiher íemaiks by Mr. GRAHAM
on the propriety of pa'siriu the bi'l now, as (he
procedi-nt had been esiaMisht d already by the pas-
saga of bills for like ohjeet'-—
The bill was then repoitfd to the Señale; and,
beiMg engrossed aecordirg to oider, was read the
third time, and passed.
The following bills, ordered to be engrossed on
