cow
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
27th Cong.........2d Sbss.
Continued fi om No. 48.
Aiter a deoate on the last-mentioned bill, in
which Mesfis. HOWARD, A. C. DODGE,
DEAN, THOMPSON ot Indiana, and POPE par-
ticipated, it was laid aside, and the committee
took up
The bill fixing the boundary Une between Mis-
souri and Iowa
Some objections being made to this b 11, on mo-
tion by Mi. POPE, it was laid aside; Mr. DODGE
expressing ihe earnest hope that it would be
passed to-morrow, as the settlement of this, bound
ary question was necessary to prevent collision
between the State of Missouri and the Territory of
Iowa, which might result in shedding Amencan
blood
Ttie following bills weie severally considered,
and laid aside, to be reponed-
The bill establishing an additional la'id district in
Florida, and
The bill establishing a new collection district for
theTemiory of Florida.
On motion by Mr. RUSSELL, the conimitlee
rose, and then
The House adjourned
IN SENATE.
■Wednesday, July 20, 1842
Mr CHOATE presented a memorial from cm
zens of Cambridge, Massachusetts, playing that no
drawback shall be allowed m «.pints re-exported,
which was refe red to the Comim tee on the Ju-
diciary
Mi. MILLER pres-eiicd a r^em-rial frim Sus-
sex and Passaic couti'ie , Ne ; Jersey, pskmg pn
Section on bar-iron: referred to the Committee cn
Manufactures
Mr. CRAFTS presented a mamona! of a con-
vention of woo! grovsers, held in Washington
«ounly, Vermont, in favor of protection agai st
imported cheap wool*- laid on tae tab'e
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial fiom a
large number ot the mcrcpntile community of the
city of No*w York, remonstrating against the tinff
just passed the House of Representatives on 'he
ground that it is so high'y protective in, its chi*-
acter that the whole foreign commerce ot iho coun-
try would be blighted and paral} zed under its
operation- referred to the Commiue  on Fmince,
aow having charge of the bill
Mr MOREHEAD, from the Commit'ee on In
dian Affairs, reportel a bill f r the r< íef of Joun
K Rodgeis, a Cheroi.ec Indian, when was i^ad,
and ordered to a second rradirg
Mr PORTER, on lea'e, m rodoced a bi'i rela-
tive to the offici«. of surveyor^ general 'n tbt Sia'co
of Ohio, Indiana, and Michiga , \, bica was read
twice.
Mr PORTER ate", on leave, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to e>-t?b hh the
northern boundary-ime of the ¡state of Ohi , -rñ
providing for the admission (t tl" Stale cf
Michigan into 'he Union, vvhicn wa lead twice,
and referred to the Committee on trie Ju Uc arj.
Mr. FULTON, from the C< mmittee on Publ c
Land-, to which had ben referred a message ot
the President of the United S a'e , somcnuiica nig
documents touchm? t'->e grant ot lard of B?r n
de Maison Rouge; made a leport up^n the siibj<-e>,
and submitted a motion for the discharge ot the
committee; wh ch motion was agreed to. Tha
repott v as ordered to be prntcd
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Priva e
Land Claims, reported back, wi hnit anundreen ,
House bill enttt ed ' An act for the relitf of Wil-
liam Wa'ler."
Mr KING saia ? bill ¡.rovidirg for the same tb-
ject was, at h s ms'ance laid on the tsbl*, h;
moved that th* House bill oe now c psider°d >n
committee of the ^h<le. He preferred the House
bill.
The bill was then taken ap, as in committee of
the whole, when
«8S10JVAL
-WEEKLY
MONDAY, JULY 9,5, 1842.
Mr SMiTiloflndianamovedtostrikeouta'l ihe
Ilou'e btl1 after the enac.n g clause, anc) to insert
the Senate bill in lieu thereof Mr S contended
that the Senate bill was the light one. He <=atd
that the difference between the two bill  was, the
House bill gave Waller 560 acres of land without
consideration, and that the Senate bill allowed a
right of pre emptton, and the land to be ¡ail tor
at the minimum price.
Mr KING maintained that justice could only
be done by the passage of the bill from the House
He explained fully the merits of the case, and
showed that the man had already paid a valuable
consideration foi the land; and it the minimum
pnce was again íequired, it would be more tbrni
the land was woith
Mr SMITH of I idiana demanded the }eas
and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN made some remarks in favor of
the Senate bill, and
The question was then tak*n on the amendment
of Mr   Smith,  and it «as agreed to by jeas 18,
H3)S  15
Mr KING said he \ as satisfied that Uvo-tbirls
of toe Scnat ,s dii i oi unc'To and the case He
wished to turn to ¡lie \&\' touching the question,
and thcrcfoie moved to postpone the bill till to
morrow   The motn i was agreed to.
House bill ent tied "'An act for the íeiieí of
DoVtd Alspac "sas taken up, as in committee of
the ™hft'«, on ar, adi«isc report of ti e Commit ee
on he Judictnry.and wa , on motion of Mr CLAY-
TON, miehnuely postponed
The Dill to author /e the ajjus!>nen' ol tn° claim
of the mm i< ipalt y No. 1 of if e city of New Or-
leans iO cortan lands witbm said municipality,
and now in the occupation of the United Stak ,,
was taken up as ¡n commit ee of the whole, and,
alter ber.g discussed by Mr CONRAO in fa/or of
the bill, jnd by Mt sr>. WRIGHT, HUNTING-
TON, and BUCHANAN agai ,st it, tie latter
¿eritlem, n m^ved to lay it on 'he table until
i ''emu' on touching the title could be had from
the proper deparimont   Tin motion was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Esther Johnson, ti e
widow of Col Joseph Johnson, came up a' in com-
mittee of the whole, but, without being cons derc I,
was, on motion of Mr. GRAHAM, laid on the
table.
The bill for the relief of Henry Gardr> r "id
o heis, di eetors of an association called the New
Eug'and Mi sis«ippi Laii-t Company, was takrn
up <<s ir con.iniltte ot the whole
Mr CONBAD sat! a general bill had bc^n r -
poned for the settlement o! 'he^e claims, he woul 1
therefore move to stiike out all aftr the enactm.
claase ol this bill, and substituir ihe bid alluded
to, namely AbiU in relatnn to Ian 's eld in th'
Greensbuig (late St. Ile'ena) land d.stnct, in the
Stale of Lr uis'ana.
Mr. KITO aid he vas prrpai d to give his sup-
pjttto bill pr vidmg for tndn'idjsl c? e , but n t
to a DiU t< puta wno'c l?r>i dist. c' unt'er settle-
ment, wnica mi^hi have the effect to give a R.eat
deal mnre to individuals than they wt e en'i^ed t),
a idah'ch they would not get if their cases were srp
arate'y submitted to the invest gation of a commi'-
tee upon ,heir own mnnts. He prefers d that A 
li 1 ih< u'd De permitted to lie over until Senates
had stfficienttime to examine Us provisions.
Mr CONRAD had no objection to that cour e,
rnd the onl   /«-• pootponed till to mono \
Mr PRESTON moved to take up the b'll whtcla
had been aid on 'he table, providiog for the settle-
ment of c'aims for property ("c-trojed by reison
< f fie mi itary necupa ion cf Florida.
Mr. BAYARD in erposed objecuon to s¿ch a
ceu'se. He w#s opposed to a departure from the
order of business especially when the Senate had
just rea bed the Dia riCt business, which had been
so long neglected.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
Volume ]!••• No. 49
Mr. CALHOUN | resented a communication
from Mr. t as^ar, covering some interesting facts
re at.ve to a tariff, v hich was referred to the Com-
mit ee on Fin we, and ordered to be printed.
Engrossed bill lor the relief of Resé B. Ward
was read the th.rd time, and passed.
BILLS PASSED
The following bi'ls were taken up as in commit-
tee tf the whole considered, reported to the Sen-
a'e, and, being engrossed according to order, were
re<-d the third time and passed, viz-
The bi 11. r the relief of Henry Fry.
The bdl for the relief of Henry Newui&n
House bill  enlitkd An act for  the   relief of
Janes Williams.
House bill entitled An act for the ) el íef of the
legal representatives of John Barne«, deceased.
The bill to extend the provisions of an act en-
ti'ied An act to regulate prscisses m the courts of
the Umted Sta es, pa-sed the 19th May. 1828
The bill for the relief of Charles D. Hammond
and Augustus H. Kenan.
House bill entitled An act for the. relief of
Gecrg  May field    [Confirming a land claim ]
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Henry
J Dtfues and Sup .en Jenny.
1h< bill lor th> relief of Jacob Greaves
Ilou^-e bill entitled An act for the relief of John
Rarda'l and Ch ules York
House bill entitled An act for the relief of James
Motrow and Jon d i m Tiptcn
Joint rtsolution <" tec ing the transfer r f the s'ock
held bv th< Uniied títa'es .n the Chesapeake and
Oiio Canal Company to the Stale of Men land,
and the cit.es cf Washington, Georgetown, and
Al !tand'i,, on ceita n condi"ons.
Tre bill for the relief of the legtl representatives
of Henry E kfoid, d ceaced.
Houv bdl c- ítled An act to incerporatf the
German Benevolent Society of the C'ty of Wash-
ington.
Hou e I-11 entitlfd An act in relation to mar-
riages in tae Oniric' of Columbia
House bid cntuled An act 10 e> .d the jurisdic-
tion of the corpi ra.ion of Georgt       n
House bill entitled An actfor the rcl ef of George
Ma field.    [Granuni a pension to him ]
House bi'l entitled An actfor the relief of Dan-
iel Chase.
House bi'l enti'Ied An act frr the relief of
J,ibzL and Asa White, ot ibr S'a'e of Connec-
tion
Dill gr " ing to the county of Johnson, in the
Teniiory of Iowa, the right of pre-emptien to a
tr-ict of laid lor a seat of justice for *?.id county;
and rt pe^l ng the econd sec .on of an act, ap-
proved the 31day ot March, 1839, entitled An
set making a dor \tion of laud to the T<?rn'ory of
Iowa, for the pui pose of erc-trng public buildings
t^erfuo n [Tais bill as amended ¿t the sug;
c.f s ion et ihe Co ami tea on Public Lsnds, to the
effeci tb i* the rght shall not be subject to any other
pre emp ion claim whatever ]
Hosse bill entuled An ¿ct to provide forer«cimg
aid lighting lamps on P nnsylvama avenue,
Wa^htDgK ii, was taken up, as in committee of the
v hjK Ihe bill was -o amended, on the rec m-
raeidation of the Committee on the District of C >-
lumbia, as to provide ba' any surplus of the $2,000
appropriated might be applied to 1 ghtmg other
s'reets.
Mi LIMí saw no reason why the United States
should be called upon to light up the streets of ihr 
ci \. He did not behove any city m the wo-ld was
In up at the expense of th  Government.
M¡ P.áYARD observed, that the city of Wa'h-
i-i'tcn w s elf ven ^quaie mi'es in estfn , crvenn 
pn°area of 7,134 a-res. N it Ks than 3 6^4 feres
wre m ihe s ree's and pubbc «quarts. Ou' of the
7,134 acres, sevent-en squares, c venng 541 acr s,
were reserved to tha Umted S ates The mnn rg
lens'h of the s reels la.d o-n wa 264 mi e — -n s'-
streets being equal to an average of 100 feet widfS
