m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wi
by
■hat contisieaey can that provision be suppotted
„y those who stand pledged to General Harrison's
■principles upon the'«bject, so unequivocally ex-
pressed in the letter just read?
He moved to lay t&e petitions and accompany-
ing documents on the table, and that they be
printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN denied that there was any-
thing in. General Hairison's letter «consisten 
■wi'h the course which Mr. Clay s.nl his friends
had always pursued with resptci to ihe compro-
mise act. He went at much length in'o the sub-
ject.
Mr. CALHOUN replied with great animation.
An exciting debate arose, which occupied the
atfention o the Senate for upwards of two hours.
It is not possible to write it out for this evening's
paper, and the publication of it is unavoidably
postponed.
In conjequence of a partially expressed allusion,
(to wbijh Mr. Calhous was prompte), while m
the heat of debate, on hearing what he conceived
so be remarks, in conveisation, addressed by Mr.
Preston to Mr, Crittenden, and supposed to be
applied to him, but which allusion Mr. Calhoun
instantly checked himself from proceeding wiih,)
Mr. PRESTON was incidentally drawn into the
discusiion, and the debate took somewhat of a per-
sonal turn. Explanations, however, closed the
■discussion; and the petitions and papers were laid
on the table, and the question of printing was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred House bill for the re-
lief of the president and directors of ihe Agricultu-
ral Bank of Mississippi, reported the same back
Without amendment.
Mr. WILCOX, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, wi'hr-ut amendment,
Senate bill for the settlement of the claims of New
Hampshire against the United States.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
leported a bill making compensation to pension
agents; which was read, and ordered to a second
leading.
The bill providing for the settlement and armed
occupation of Florida, havmg been remrned from
tbe Bxiuse with amendments, was referred to the
Com'auttee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the previous
«orders of tbe day were postponed, for the purpose
■of taking up the bill providing for the settlement
of the claims for property destroyed by reason of
ihe military occupation of Florida.
The vote ordering this bill to be engrossed for a
third reading was, on the motion of Mr. CONRAD,
reconsidered on Monday last, wilh a view of re-
considering the vote rejecting the amendment of
Mr. King;, providing for the settlement, by the Au-
ditor of ihe Treasury, of all claims that had been
passed upon favorably by enher House of Con-
gress.
Mr. PRESTON moved to amend the bill by add-
ing the following a* an additional section.
•Be itfurlher enacted, That ihe claims of Joseph M Hernan-
dez, General O Clinch, the heirs of J 3 Bulow, the heirs of
James Wilhams and Gad Humphreys, which have been here-
tofore favoiably acied on by the committees of Congress, bo
audited and adjured in the manner herem prescribed, and
the amount (bund due paid oul of any money in the treasuiy
not otherwise appropriated
Mr. PRESTON remarked that all thfse claims
had been examined, and passed eilher one House
01 the other. One or two of them had passed the
Senate at least three times, and failed in the other
Mouse for want of time to act upon them.
Mr. PHELPS moved to lay the bill on the ta-
ble, but the motion was disagreed to—ayes 13,
noes 15.
Mr. MERRICK made some remarks against
the case of Bulow, which, h^said, did not meet Ihe
favorable consideration of the Committee on
Claims when he was on that committee
Messrs. WRIGHT and HUNTINGTON made
some remarks against giving one class of these
claimants a preference over anottiet class.
Mr. BERRIEN made some remaiks m favor of
tbe amendment.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to amend the amend-
ment, with a view to place some limitation on the
amount, by inserting a proviso to ihe effect that
the amount to be awarded by the Third Auditor
snail in no case exceed she sum ascertained to bo
due by one Hon=e of Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT said that he had \ast been in-
formed that one of ihe «ases included was now
beiore tbe Committee of Claims of the other
House; and-that that committee had come to the
concision to reject the claim. He mentioned this
tfierely to show what was the course of legislation
oo-v being pursued. There was no man who had
stronger iaelitigs of personal reaped and friendship
for two of the distinguished claimants than he bad;
yet he coald not c nsent to such a course of legis-
lation. He was in favor of having the action of
Congrejs on these claims separately and on their
merit", and could not consent to have them adjust-
ed by an Auditor, before such action.
Mr. PRESTON made some remarks, showing
that, by the course now adopted, each claim would
be acted on by both Houses; that the committee
of the other Hou^e would hare an opportunity of
sifting the claims thoroughly.
Mr. BUCHANAN made some remarks against
the amendment.
The question was put on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Woodbury, and it was adopted.
Mr. PRESTON called for a division on his
amendment, so as to have the question taken en
the clai'Bs separately, and thus to give Senators an
opportunity to vote on each Claim upon us own
merits.
Mr. CONRAD made some remarks explanatory
of his eowse. He voted the other day against ihe
amenctment of tfee Senator from Alaba.ua, having
the same object m view as the amendment now
before the Senate. For the same reason that he
then voted agaimt thai, he would now vote for this.
His impression then was, that the claimants would
not be willing to have the'r claims decided by the
Auditor on the rigid principles proposed. But they
are willing to sacrifice a pqrtion of their interest,
rather than submit to the delay consequent to the
movements of Congress.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment to the
amendment, which was agreed to; providing that
the claims s.houldbe settled en the principles of the
act of 1816
Messrs. SEVIER, PRESTON, "and BEKRIEN,
made some further remarks in favor of the amend-
ment; and Messrs. MERRICK and WRIGHT
against it; and the latter Ssnator demanded tbe
yeas and nays on the amendment, which were or-
dered.
The question was then put on the amendment,
including the claim of Mr. Hernandez only; and
decided in the anil mauve—yeas 28, nays 12, as
follows:
YE IS—Messrs Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Calhoun, Choite, Conrad, Crittenden Cuihbert, fc-vari1 ,
Faltón, Kerr, King, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Pres
ton, Rive , Sevier, Simmons, Smith ol Indiana, Sturgeon,
Walker,  White, and Young—28
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Buchanan, Clayton, Graham, Hnn.
tingion, Linn,McRoberts, Porter, Wilcox, Woodhndge, Wood
bury, and Wright—12.
The question «a  put on including the claim
of General D L Clinch, and it was decided in tbe
affirmative—yeas 27, nays 12.
The question was then put on including the
cfeim of Balow; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 19, nays 17.
Mr. CALHOUiM remarked thathe voted for the
claims in this manner, because he believed the
Third Auditor was more inclined to lean towards
the Government than the Senate itself; and that
the c'aims would be more closely scrutinized than
they would be if left to the action of the commit-
tees, or of Corgre^s. He believed the interens of
tbe Government would be more closely watched
by the Auditor
The question was then put on including ths
claim of James Williams, and decided in the affirm-
aiive—yeas 16 nays 11.
The quest.on was then put on including the
claim of Gad Humphreys; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 15, nays 12.
The claim of the heir of John H. Mcintosh
was also inserted.
After some remarks by Messrs.   CALHOUN
and LINN on a suggestion whether the course now
pursued would and ought to bar a future applica-
tion to Congress by the claimant'-, if they --huuld be
dissatisfied wi h the award of the Auditor,
Mr. WRIGHT derpanded the yeas and najson
the amendment as amended, whi"h were ordered,
and the question being put, the araendfii'-nt «as
agreed to—jeas 19, nay& 13, as follows:
YEAS Messrs Bairow, Bates llayard, Benton, Bemen,
Calhoun Choatc, Gomad, Ciarte, IVt" i. Keir, «atiirttm, Mil
lei, Preston, Rivm, Sevier, Simmons, Waiter, and\oung—19
Ñ iY3—Messrs Burilan in, Clayton, Graham, Huntington,
L'nn, McRobei,s, Memck, Phelps, Portel, Smith of indiana,
Tappan, Wilcox, Woo Ibr.dg", Woodbuiy, and Wrigh'—Jj
The bill was then ordered So be er grossed for a
third reading.
THE TARIFF.
Mr EVANS, from the Ctrciiit'ee °n Fnance,
reported back to the Senate, wi h numerous amend-
ments, the tariff bill-from the Hsjs^ ; wh'ch -were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN, if it was convenient for the
chairman of the Committee on Finance 10 answer
it, would put a question to m.n H^ would lik 
to know on what day it was, his iitcitioa ta call
ap fas bill.
Mr. EVANS thought on Satuiday nsxt; but, at
the suggestion of severa1,
Mr. E moved to nv'rc the bill the special order
of the day for Monday next.   Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CONRAD, the Senate then
proceeded to tbe consideration of executive busi-
ness, and, afer some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 21, 1842
Mr. FILLMORE asked thai reports from com-
mittees might be called for during the morning
hour.
Mr ARNOLD said he woa'd not object, if he
were peinutted to introduce hi- bill, which he had
repeatedly attempted to present. [It Svas under-
stood to be a bili to diminish the pay of members
of Congress.]
Mr F/LLMGREsaid ha understood that report*
were in order.
Mr. ROOSEVELT claimed the right to the
residue of the hour which he had partially occu-
pied on a previous day, in a disaussioj df a report
irorn Ihe Judiciary Commutes on t.ne ptopriety of
extending Ihe bankrupt law to barking companies.
Mr. ARNOLD moved ihe suspension of the
rule?, for the purpose of receiving his bil', which,
he said, was the most important of tbe session, it
not of the age.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON asked if there was not
a point of order to be deeded.
Mr. ADAMS rose almost simaltaoe' u«ly, and
presented a Memorial of Aar<n Liggett, of the
State of New York, praying remuneration and
redresi for a steambtal destrojed by, and lll-'reat-
mer.t received from, tne Menrirans'at Frontera, m
Mexico, in the jeai 1832, w'i,<-h was r feircd to
the Committee on Foreign ReU.io .s, and ordered
to be primed.
Tbe question then came up (o whu.ii Mr. W.
C. Johnson alluded. When the hill providing for
the armed occupation of Fionda passed, a few
dajsago, Bit Pickens moved a rtconsidera'ion,
and was about to move the previous que^ion, but
a motion to adjourn was made and earned, and,
subsequently, Mr. Pickebs withdrew his motion.
Tbe question now for decision was whether he had
the right to withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER decided ¡hat, as no member
had called for a decision on the motion, he bad the
right to withdraw it.
Mr. BRIGGS, after an irregu'ar conversation
amongst several members, appealed from the de-
cision of t>e Cha r
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to lay the ap-
peal on the table, on which the yeas and navs were
demanded and t r Jered^-the result oí which wa*:
yeas 93, nays 78.        /
Mr. ROOSEVELT/ then resumed his speech on
the extension oft the/ bankrupt law to banking in-
corporations. His.fcbject, he taid, was to procure
an expres-ion ofyopmion  from all sides of the
