Congressional globe.
NA.Yb.—Messrs Arnold, Athenon, Bowne, Boyd, Bronson,
Jíuríe, William Butler, Patrick C Caldwell, Caruther", Mark
A. Cooper, Cowea, Doan, John C. Edwards, Charles A. Floyd,
Gamble, William O. Ooode, Graham, Hastings, Hop-
kins, Isaac D. Jones, McKay, John Thomson Mason, Mat-
tocks, Medill, Meriwether, Pope, lleding, Reynolds, Saunders,
Shepperd, Steenrod, Sweney, Warren, and Weller—33.
Oa motion of Mr. FILLMORE, a reflation re-
ported by him from the Committee of Ways and
Means was adopted, call'ng on the Secretary of the
Treasury to ascertain the quantity of saccharine
mat'er m different kinds of sugar, with a view to
the more proper adjustment of the ditty thereon.
Mr. F. also reported, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, a bill "making an appropria-
tion for the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, and for certain harbois:"
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.                      m
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill making ap-
propriations for such officers as were not provided
for in the general appropriation bill; and also for
certain incidental expenses of the departments.: re-
ferred lo the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. S. MASON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill, which had been parsed by the Senate,
fixing the value of the pound sterling.
Ai his suggestion, the bill wss now considered,
and passed, [tt fixes the value of a pound at
#4 84]
Mr. 8. MASON also reported a resolution in-
structing the Committee of Ways and Means to
inquire into the expediency of changing the time
for the mee ting of Congress from the fiist Monday
in December to the same day in November; al o
the expediency of changing the compensation of
members ot Congress, allowing ihem a compensa-
tion of only $6 per day at the end tf the first six
months of eacn session.
Mr. WISE objected to the reception of the res-
olution. The Committee of Ways and ^Mcatis
had no hing to do with the subject, and should not
have inn rfered on this occasion.
Mr. S. MASON replied, and contended that the
subject wai pioperly within the province of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The resolution was not received.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a Senate bill fur the settlement and pay-
ment of certain claims in the Slate of Alabama: re-
ferred.
Mr. COWEN also reported a bill lo provide for
the paym nt o! horses and equipage for volunteers
in certain cases: referred io the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union.
He also reported a joint resolution, which had
been adopted by the Senate, adding another to the
standing rules of the two Houses, and prohibiting
claims once rejected from being again presenied,
except under certain regulations.
Mr. WISE opposed the resolution, and it was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAMES W. WILLIAMS, from the Com-
imt'ee of Claim-", reported a bill to provide for the
settlement of claims for ios-e*r, of property by
iPiisnn of its mihtaiy occupation m the Territory
of Florid?. It was lead twice, and committed to
the Coninu !■"   ot thp Whole.
Mr, TOMLINSON, from the 'ame comm ttee,
reported a bill for the relief of Dexter Hungerford;
which was- read twue, and committed.
Mr. J. C. CLARK, from ihe Ccitm'tee on
Comnieico, moved the printing of a communica-
tion w'iich that committee had received from the
Mipermter.dent of light-houses. Objection was
made, and therefore the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERLOCK J. ANDREWS, from Hí-
tame eommit'ce, reptr ed a bill to change the name
ot a fort of entry on Lak° Ens from Portland to
that of Sandusky. The bill was read three times,
and passed.
Mi. CASEY, iiom tLe Committee on Public
Lands, rexrted a bill for theiehef of Isabella Hill,
widow, and othe s. Trie bul was lead twice, and
committed                                                                '
Mr. BREWSTER, from li.e sime committee,
Xf ported a bill tor th-j relief rf Joseph Hover and ,
Ab-inn Qaihne.    It  was  rtad uvice, and  corn-
Mr. BRIGGS. from the Committee en the Post
Office and Post Roads, reponed a bul to authorize
the chief clerk ot the Secretary of State to frank
public official documents. It was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. OWSLEY,,from the same committee, in-
troduced a bdl for the relief of Peters, Moore, &
Co ; which was read twice, and corami ted.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which were referred a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and a paper from the Attor-
ney General, on the subject of the laws laying du-
ties on imports, mide a report, which he moved
should be laid on the table, and be printed; and on
this motion he moved the previous question.
Mr. WISE intimated h s desire to debate this
report, and consequently it was not received.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, submitted a resolution relative to the jurisdic-
tion of the courts of Iowa and Wisconsin in cases
of bankruptcy; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
He also reported a Senate bill entitled An act
further supplementary to an act to e¡ tablish the
judicial courts of the United States; and another
entitled An act to provide for the report* of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni'ed States;
without amendment.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, reported, without amendment, the Senate
bill for the relief of J. K. Teft, admimotrator of
Francis Didicr Petit de Villers, deceased.
Mr. MAXWELL, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Richard Coke;
which was read and committed.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made a variety of adverse
reports.
Mr. J T. STUART, from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, made a report respecting the
office of military storekeeper at Frankford.
Mr. PENDLETON, from a select committee,
wished to make a report respecting a war steamer
for the lakes.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said that vvas de-
batable; and therefore it was not received.
Mr. G. DAVIS, from a select committee, de-
sired to make a report, the subject of which was
not heard.
Mr. CUSHING, Mr. WISE, Mr. SPRIGG, and
others, objected; and therefore it was not received.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back the Senate
bill lo provide an insane hospital for the District
of Columbia.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE (all the committees having
been called for íeports) offered a resolution, to fix
12 o'clock to-morrow tor the termination of all de
bale m Committee of the Whole on die naval ap-
propriation bill, with the amendments of the Sen-
ate thereto. He •¡aid the bi 1 had been under con-
sideration some weeks, and he submitted this reso-
lution for the purpose of disposing of that bill to-
morrow; and he cal'ed for ¡h~> previous question on
his motion
Mr..CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table. He asked for the veas and
n.>ys thereon, which were ordered, and resulted as
follows—yeas 78, najs 84
The question then iccurred on the motion for
the previous question, which was sustained by the
House.
Mr. RHETT called for the yeas and najs1 on the
adoption of the resolution; which were ordered, arid
resulted as follows—yeas 90, nays 71. So the
reso'ution was a; rped to.
Mr. MLLMORE moved that Ihe House resolve
itself into Committee cf the Whole ; but, at ue so-
licitation of several gentlemen, he gave way, that
Ihe Territorial bills, acted upen mCommntee if the
Whoe dunng the last three dajs, might be put
upon their passage.
The following bills were accordingly read a third
lime, and passed:
A bill granting to the county 0f jor,nson, m t¡ e
Trrn ory of Iowa, ihe rigM of pre-emp 101.
Th« bill to provide for the completion o, ihe pfn-
ltentiary m the Tuntory of I >wa.
The bill to provide for filling up the ground in    s
the tear of the sea-wall at St. Augustine.
Tos bill making appropria'ioni  for the comple-
tion of the public buildings in Florida.
The bill making additional appropriations for
the expenses of the Territorial Government of
Florida.
The bill granting a quantity of land for the im-
provement of Grand river, m the Territory of
Iowa.
The act authorizing the county commissioner?
of Linn county, Iowa, to enter, by legal subdi-
visions, a quantity cf land on which the county
seat was located.
The House then resolved ifself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Saunders of North Carolina in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations fur the naval service for the year 1842,
which had been returned from the Senate with
amendments.
Mr. CUSHING said that he had been instructed
by the Select Committee on the Carrency to move
to take up the exchequer bill. Pis object was to
obtain the sense of the House as to whether it shall
be acted on at this session.
The CHAIR, at the suggestion of Mr. Fill-
more, 'aid that the naval appropriation bill was
properly befo-re the committee; it having been post-
poned for the purpose of taking up the tariff bill.
The Chai  then stated that the first question was,
on concurring; with the amendment of the Senate
striking out $335,000, and inverting $800 000, so
as to make the appropriation read $2 800,000.
Mr. WISE (chairman of the Naval Committee)
addressed the committee at length in favor of the
amendment. Mr. W. first replied to the objec-
tions raised bv Mr. Adams, t!,it a disproportionate
number of officers had been appoimed from Vir-
ginia, MaryUnd, and the District of Columbia, as
compaied v,iih Massachusetts and other States*.
He believed the fact to be true, as stated by the
gentleman, that the States of Virginia and Maryland
and the District of Columbia had had an over-share
of the appointments, and that th°re was a wrong
in it; but he submitted to the committee whether
it was such a wrong as should prevent the appro-
piutions flora being made. He wishpd, however,
to call the attention of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to the f-ct, ma- the over-proportion of
commanders and lieutenants which he complained
of could not exist, unless there had been an over-pro ■
portion of midshipmen appointed from those States.'
Now, it so happened that the commanders and
lieutenants waiting promotions were appointed
midshipmen in the years 1824 and 1825, when the
gentleman from Massachuseas himself, as President
of the Un'ted States, had the making of the ap-
pointments; so that, if there was a wrong in it, it
should be laid at the door of the gentleman him-
self, who no-v made these complaints.
The gentleman, by turning to the navy list,
would find that all these lieutenants and command-
ers— in over-proportion of whom, he complained,
were from Virginia, Maryland, and the District of
Columbia—were appointed midshipmen by him-
self, during the years 1824 and IS25. This was
not the first time that complaints had been made of
too many appointments being given to Virginia.
The co rplaint was first made bv Aaron Burr, in a
let'er written to h s sin-m-law,Mr. Alston, wherein
he «¡p-alrs of the Virginia dynas'y. Another
source of the gentlem?n\ objections to Virginia
appointments was the abolition feeling, with which
he w>s so largely imbued. I o 1824-25, the num-
ber of midshipmen appiinted was 327—of which
til were from Virginia, Maryland, and the D,s-
tr.ct o Columbia. If this wis wrong, it was not
the Ctn't of those S a'es—for all were pressing
tor appointments—Hit the fauit of the honorable gen-
tleman who now madii ihe complaint. Dunngthose
year., wh a 111 of the 327 were appointed from
Virginia, Mar  land,and h* DiStr ct,only9 wereap-
pointed from MUssachu-etus. Tie gentleman told
the Hous-, wit.i a snec-, that there were no chap-
lain  irotn Vngini ; and the remark caused a cou-
•ldrtrable degree rf merriment among his friends
and admirers. 8ut (said Mr W.) of the six pursers
appointed by him, five were from Maryland, and
