Ü76
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mc¡>,rs KING, McROBERTS, and SEVIER,
* opposed the amendmen', and Me srs SMITH oí
Indiana and CONRAD spoke in favor of 1', when,
On motion of Mr. MtROBERTS, the amend
meat was so amended a-s 10 provide tha* the pur
chasers may retain their certificates of purchase,
that the surveys be corrected, and ih~n tnty may
receive a patent for lands purchased by th"m
After some further remarks, by Mes r °EVIER,
SMITH of Indiana, CONRAD, Wt ODBRIDG.E,
and KING, the question was pul on ib  ar. er i
ment ns modified; and it was agreed to—ajet, 19,
noPS«not coutHed
Tne b 11 was then repor'-d to the Sena'e, ¡he
amendment was. concurred in, the preamb'e ivas
stricken cut, and the bill wasorderel to h- en-
grossed for a third rtading, a. d being engrossed,
was read the third time and passed Tne i tie was
made to conform to the provisions of tha  hi'!
An act to i y lend the collection dtsittri < f Wis-
casset came up as in omrmiiee of thn whole, and,
witnont being considered, was, on motion of Mr.
HUNTINGTON, laid on the table.
Hou-e bill entitled "An act to amend the laws
relating to 'be Penitentiary in the Di-itrict of
Columbia,"so as to require the appointment by the
warden, of subordinate officers of that in tuution,
to be confirmed by the board of m pectors, and
not snbj «cling ibem to remov ! except on hie ap-
probation of that board, was taken up as m com-
mittee of the whole.
Messrs. BAYARD and KING explained and
advocated the bill, and Messrs. SMITH ot Indiana,
MOREHEAD.ind CLAYTON, opposed it, on the
ground that the taking away from the warden ¡he
power of appointment would ' e productive ot
quarrels, and would de.troy all subordination.
They maintained ibat the waiden, b ng n pjn-
sible for the sa ely of the prisoners and trie wll-
condueting oí the prison, sbomd have ihe '-cie con-
trol of those who were subo dina c m him u, the
management The inspectors wish d .0 aiqune
pover to mse'vfs, and had been busy here tj ob-
tain i'.
Mr SMITH of Ii diana moved to lay (he bi 1 on
the tab'e
Ttie qu-sinn v¿¿, pa1, and tn> bill wa lad on
the tabic
The bill for Ine relief of Wnliam II Robe Is m,
Samuel if Garrow, and J W Simrnto-i, wi
con idercd as in eommt'tet of h \ h 1<*, reponed
to lb-  S na , and, oe tg engro s d ?g„(lüirg lo
crde r, wis rt id thi h rd dm > „n 1 pa s d
■> The Stmie>bill, No 27j, " o ¡ounce and cqu->l-
i2f me r Hi s 01 | osiif,* , to limn h .1 e a d cor-
rect the abase, o the frmkiog p lviicgc, « nd lor
other porpo e-," was tal.t n up, as in torn ni. ce o
the whole<
Mr. BUCHANAN requested the bill world be
read. v„
ihe Secretary proceeded lor about hilf at hoar
with 'he reading of -ne b il, which wps o< g>< ,i
length anl wept n o minute details of u eratics
and uw regnlalrn , when,
M' B observed that he had no idea, \\h° \
he cal'ed fo. the reading i f the b 11, tin! it was
oí sach g ppf'eig h, or th?t it ¿es lo es &bl sh %
new code of pen off!"e rules and r gulat. ns H<"
would withdraw ins request to n .ve tl t b 11 re«id
through.
i <e   u^'faT rriding beip  di«prns<d with,
¡Mr MERRICK ^aid it was Si    i ten'ion to have
the bill read and smendpd section 1} section
He moved s veril verbal ameilmen'-. to t'-e
ürst sect op, iihieh were adopted
Mr BUCHANAN mqiii'-d v'-"t v-o ild b- the
reduction of the post offer- ifcone by ¡bis bill
Mr MERRICK ob el v d ihv t was mpo>-sib!e
to ctrjecture how much tf-e m-or-p o tne d par'
ineni i.tuli b" aff c ed by t '; :  ', for, p'Oiou^h
in sorce recppcts ' i" ¡ Os. isp w< ij d be redi ecd so
as tj conform to th  s ..all Fcdcr 1 coir m circu a
tion, t,.ai rsdticuoji it was exft a would pfod ce
an auamen a ion of the nimber of 1 tier  !••> s
miltea by rnai1 B sides, tbere weie o h-^r cp< i i
ot the bih ca1 ulated to increase consider,illy t >
leceip's of the oepartpient
Mi EUCHANAN wou d Ike very ffiuch io
bav had some calculation of the amount of ,c-
duction which this bill woald effect in th- pest of-
fice income.
Cong ess t-ad been in se^io-1, w.th the excep-
tion ot a rec-'s-s tf two momhs and a half, since
the 31^' rf Vay, 1841, and it v as hoped this session
would do«e n two weeks but it could not be es-
peo'td this bdl eoald be got through in that time
He taousht it would be bet'er to let the matter lie
ov r till next session
Mi MERRICK ob er/el ibat it «is a mistake
to ^.uppoe this was a new code of pes  ifiice iaws
It was cn'j intended tor< form some cryiog abuses,
and prevent, ¡f pos-iole the department from fall
ing m arrear, as iherp coold b  no doub' that, if the
laws n existerce were enforced, the depart lent
rom 1 be ful y abl^ to p?y its own expenses He
had no doubt, it 'Senators would give their a ten-
don to the b 11 for a «hort time, thee would be no
difficulty m passing it witbonl encroach ng on the
urfmished ousiress jei on the csleorijr
Mr CALHOUN asked what improvements
were proposed'
' Mr. MERRICK replied, that one was in rela-
tion lo assimilating the postpge to 'he Federal corn ,
another, in relation to expresses, another, to the size
of newspapers subject to ore cent postage He
held up a newspaper about ten feet square, as a
specimen of the abuse in relation to newspaper
tiansmission. Another reform is to conime the
irankmg privilege of members of Congress to their
own let eis, and to abchsh th- irankmg privilege
of po tmasters. Tnere were some other improve
ment«; such as suppressing private expresses Ho
remarked, m reference to the delay m bringing for-
ward the bill, that it was in consequence of its po-
sition on the calendar The bill haJ been reported
some months back, but had not been reaoned on
the calendar till now.
M- BUCHANAN assured the Senator f>-at, if
ther" was time to get through with the bill, he would
be as willing as he (Mr M ) was to go on v. ¡th it,
and ascer am what ou^ht to be done to reform the
abuses complained of. But be should ako assure
the Stnate that, if this b 11 «?s now to be proceeded
wi b, they might bid ad eu to the unfinished busi-
ress on the calendir for this session
Each sect on of the bill would m itself ake con-
siderkole time to di cuss. It mi/ht be cal"alated
ma' the reduction o' postage propo ed ¡a the first
stci on would be equal to 25 per cent This re-
daction, it wus expec'u', m gin increase i! e quan-
tity of leturs, though he doub ed it But, j  ih 
pioposition was a direct reduc ^on, whii h rn gl.t
se'iously aflect ihe revenue of the depa'im nf, he
thoi <-iit t! eie ougKl &l lei t to be e t «idte^ ,>htcb
v« ild enablj Crngress to consiJer ihe ma'ter un
dersiandirgly
Then, as 'o ihe second sec ion, he would vntut 
to say that, if it was attcoped to be earned ou>,
there would be a nest ci hornets r?i«ed about the
ears of Congress, from which there wouid be n >
retreat That s°c ion pre poses to ir ne SLeh a
change with regard lo neKspapers transmit ed Ly
rail, as will compel eveiy tJ tor in the Umoi n
become a soy and in'ornifr a°a ¡is1 his own sub-
scnb rs It a¡so riqu'ns him to furu h the po t
rthces with )\i° prívale register of t-ub=trip"on
Suchrulps in relation to ntv/spaper editas never
before were attempted to be enforced n any c en-
try in the world Th-re v as not a newsp per P¿ir.
or or propne or in toe Union that -vouid cot tike
up inns again t this «eetio-i of the bjU
in order to test the stn^e of (hi fc>er.a!P 0n the
p jpric'y of giving t me to digest the ímpo-iant
«tiarges pro^ osetl, he would move to ¡a/ he b 11 on
the taole
Mr MERRICK hoped the Senator would sus-
pt' d his rarti<n f<r i m^me it.
\ic   BÜDHANAN rented
Mr MI'RR'CK tí en ¡rceej to «•xplmn t' e
pc^rd sec'ion cf the bill, with « v ew rf sh)* r< 
hat a!1 it req jir^d of an editor of a pip r wis, to
'urn sb a 1 st ( f t^e peisons to whom he >-as trans-
ió t ¡ng- his papers thr ugh the msi He crn-
(pvfd edi ors and p oprietcrs of p?pers koij'J ^P
i "iKfi e f ifeemsp ve , as, m e 'e of tt e dt-ath or re-
i >vr i of a subscrib"-, tney would be sai  ¡] the ex-
rsp and trouble o forward ng popers for \ví th
Ley never wou d be paid.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked, did th  Senator a-
sume there coul' be any rif nt impo ed upon news
paper editors to band into the post office such lis s
of their subscribers?
Mr. MERRICK conceived that, if it was made
the condition on which their paper  were tu fye
transmitted, they could not otject.
Mr. SEVIER thought it one of the most aston-
i->h n? bnh be hid ever seen in I is life it pro-
posed a red uctitn of postage from 6i crnts to 5
<en s, and fn m 12¿ cents to 10 cents, and so on
n proporuon Another proposition w.s, to take
from the posim-^teis the ngnt ihey have had from
the beginning of ihe Government, of franking tl eir
own lelterá Tnat is the main remuneration which
many of them receive for their trcuole There
was another section (tae 9di) makirg it unlawful
for st ge coaches, steamboats, or o*ner vehicles, to
carry letters pnvatelj, aM subjecting the owners
to a penalty of §100 Tie b II thr ugh ut estab-
lishes such ex'ra irdiniry n.mciples, that he should
think i  nece- ary to clama ihe time for its conoid
eration sJggesteJ b^ the Sena'or from Pennsylva-
nia, and ne aould, therein-p, ten w his motion to
lav UV b'll oo th  tab e.
Mr. TAPPAN observe \, that at the proper time
he would propose an amendment to ihe second
sec'ion, so as to require all postage on newspapers
and periodicals, from and after the 1 t of January
next, to be pai t in advance
Mr. CALHOUN, With a viev  of giving time
to examine ibe bill, and appoint a day fonts con-
sideration, wouid prrfp-ise an adjournment,
Mr. LINN suggested that the best plan would
be lo take two or three of the mo t pressing points,
and introduce a separate bid to carry them out.
It was ut eily impos íMe io get tiroagh the bill as
it now stand-, without gi"ing up the re t of the
calendar
Mr CALHOUN mo^ed an adjournment, and
the Sépate aojjurned
HOUSE OF" REi?iESEMT4TIVE?.
Friday, July 23, 1842.
Mr BARNARD iiquirtd whit was the bus.-
n°ss before tl c Hnuce'!
The SPEAKER ansa «red that the report from
'he Committee < n the Jud ci ,>-y, m relation to the
bankrnot law, wou'd be in order dunng the morn-
ing hoiT
Mr BOTTS hoped lint Ihe consideration of the
business of the mo-nmg not r woald be i aived for
t->e parpóse oí ¡""owing him to r, cse^t a memo-
rial. H  t tu pre-ent dti„ t-ct tun tf ihe c tiz ns
oí some <own, (na e notLeaid,) a«-i rg ne Hi use
otRepr>,trn' ts*opaisar s m'lon "a'lmg upon
the P tsidrnt ,o re „b, at d, n c "=e of 11^ refusal
tocorop/, to imppdch Irm He pre umed it
would be b sttnl>yihe petition rn he table, *s,
the e v.ojid sho ly be st many tf is rml-r cha'-
actr, th t it vmld Le imprac'csiit to p mt thorn
Mr COOPER of Georgia asked leave to offer
thelUiowirg iesoiat.tr
Resolved £ at the "Secretary of Hip Trevwj be required (o
i loi i ihe floii^e why tin louinent luiri un" the re ulns nl
the «event banks ,n the Hi ited hiaiea hai nut been lenorteri ti
Ccngre, it i th   he s ate wh  her it ,i i„ progres  ¿1 piei i
íauoi ,aml, if so v\ en it may be exp-ued
Mi  STANLY objected.
Mr. C Oi ER hen declared his mfn ion to per-
ist mrCp, nS |>,e iesolu, ra  UB(l] u shoul(J be rp_
ceiv  1
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved that the House
go into comm. ep on the navy b il.
Mr PiLLMORE <pposidth< mot, n, and con-
temkd that tne vo e should f -,t be uken upen the
report < f the Committee on the Judie ary m rela
tor to the bank,ur/t la*                         J
Tre vote was taken, and it arpeaied that no
qu run v.>s present.
M' AD4MS moved a call of ihe House- re-
j e e !
M-  CtnHING cal ed f-r tell-rv, who were an-
po nttíd, and tie /o e it-ulied   ?ye. 83  noes 36
.Si th  mot ot was adopt d               '
'HIE NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL
,i Tw,J|U,SP„r S°iVfd "f" in,> C "" i«eé of
the Whoif. on Hie sta'e of the Union,  (Mr Saun
DLRStn the cbtr,) and resumed the consideration
