CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiti.
781
Mr. STURGEJN piesected a memorial from
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, praying that, ía
the adjustment ot the tariff, such a rate of duties
may be imposed as will g ve prottcijou to home in-
dustry! ordered to he on the tablet
Mi. SMITH of Indiana, from the Cjmmittee on
the Public Land-, 10 which had been referred
House bill entitled "An act granting to the ccu-Vy
of Jobnstn, m the Territory ot Iowa, the light of
pre-emption to a tract of la"d for the seat of jus-
t'fie, and to repeal the secord vec'ion of the act o(
March, 1839, oupplemenury to the act entitled 'An
act nuking a donation of land to the T< rntory ot
losa, for the purpose of erectm); public bull lings
thereon,' " leportcci tne same back with ut amend-
ment.
Mr. S. =aid, on an examination cf ihe bill, he
fourd it was idéntica1, in Us provisions, to a bill
which had passed 'he Senate a few days ago; and
he would, therefore, ask ¡hat it be taken up and
passed without delay The b'H was iben consider-
ed, as in corhrnittee of the whole, reported to the
Senate, -„nd was read the third ume, and pa^ed.
Mr CRITTENDEN, fre m ihe Committee on
the Judiciary, to which had been referred the bi 1
to permit the Solicitor of the Treasury to se'tle, ad-
just, and compromise the claim of ihe United States
against Henry Daniel and Tnomas Triple'!, y,
deceased, now, or late ol the S'ate oí Kentucny,
reported tne same back v.thout atneniment, and
\vith a recommendation ¡hat it ao pas':.
At the suggest! a of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the
bill was taken up as m commi tee of the whole,
and having been explained by that Senator, in re-
p y to an inquiry by Mr. CALHOUN, was report-
ed to the Senate, and havmg been engrossed, ac-
cording to order, wa« re d tbs third time and
passed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Commi lee on Claims,
reported back, v>nhout ¡.me«dm<,nt, House billi
for tne relief of John Unde  .vood, and tor ihe re-
lief of the Springfield Manufacturing Company.
Sevtrjl ¿diets® reports from the standing com-
mittees to private ckiiis were taken up and con-
curred in."
Mr. WALKER mov,:d to postpone .he previous
orders of the day, for the purpose of ri^urn ng the
consideration of the bill to pruv de foe the se'tl -
mem of ihe c'a'tns arismg under the trealy with
the Chcctaw Indians at Dancing Rabbit cieek.
Mr. BUC[IAN4N inquired wheiher the ton-
mit'ee Lad agreed to mst-rt land, uistevd of money,
to satisfy the claims' 'f bat would govern his vole
on ihe motion to take it up.
Mr. WALKER was uoderstoo I to s?y that he
was willing to take eih>r. He was anxious to
have the bill dispos d of in soma wav, <■& he had
received tvo memorials ,¡u ¡y fiembisLeg.sla.ure,
pressing the impoitanee oí a s >ee 'y p.,s-a e of ihe
bill
Mr. SEVIER v/ s underfeed So say tint 'be
committees, of the two Houses had rec mciled th"n
disagreement and that .( the b '1 v *ere rken up, it
would not occupy any Lngth of time.
Mr. WALKER made some further remark- on
the importance oi taking úp the b 11, and demanded
the yeas and nays on ¡he motion, which weie or-
dered; and the question being put, it v,as> deeidcdin
the negative, by yeas 19, n<tvs 21.
On mot.on oí Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
took up, as in commutee of the whule, the bih to
amend the act entitled "An act supplement/ to
the ¿ct entitled 'An act to amend the jud cial sjs-
tem of the United States '" The bul was amend-
ed, on the recommenda'io'i of ¡he Judiciary Com-
mittee, to read as follows,:
Beit enaUed, fyc , That the fourth circuit ^hallbe composed
of tlie districts of Maryland, DHawaic, and Virginia
Tne fifth circuit shall be composed of the districts of Ala-
bama and Louisiana
The sixth circuit shall bee imposed of the districts of North
Caiolma, South Caiolma, and Georgia
The circuit courts m the district of Virginia shall be hoiden
at Richmond on the first Monday m May and on the fourth
Montay m November
The circuit courts in the district of North Carolina shall be
hoiden on the fourth Monday of May and second Monday in De
cember
This act shall not take effect until the first day of February
next, before which time the justices of the Supreme Court (or
a majority of them) of the United States shall allot the several
districts among the justices of said court
The bill was then reported  to the Senate; and
the amen ment ol the commutee of ihe whole
ha i mg been concurre t in, ihe bill * as ordered to
be engro^ed for a ih rd reading.
Mr WOODBURV relieved ihe motion to-taks
up the bi 1 for the -e't'ement cf claims arising un-
der ihe treaty ai Da"cng Ribbit cieek; but ihe
nio'un was disfgreed to—ayes 17, noes not
counted.
Mr, MERRICK made ihe motion to take up
tne bill regukini  ¡ae rates ot pos'age; an I ¡he
que tion being put  ¡Le motion was di agreed to.
M«. 3EVÍER. made an ineffectual mo ion to
have ihe bill 'or tne relief of Gardner and others
tak a up and i'i-pootd o.
The bill to 'egulae appeal., and writs <f error
from the district court of ihe United Slates lor
the Northern distric of A'abama, was taken u¿>
ps in committee of the i.h >le
M.-is. BERRIEN and BAGBY explained and
advocated the pis«age ui tie bill, and Mr KING
^di't he C0i,ld not ^ee that mueh benefit could re-
-u't from it, and «uhout further information upon
ihe subject of ibe cf ring" pr p "-ed, he could not
gne his ¡>ancuon to ¡he bill. Tne bill was then
rep rted to ihe Senate, and oidered to be engrossed,
which being done, it w¿s> read the third time and
passed.                                                  •
Hou-<e bill entitled An act for ihe n lief of Sylves-
ter Pnelp , and he heirs oi legal representative, of
Chai es Landon,<ieeea-ed,cameup,<>sincemn.iltee
ot the \ 1. >'(., m it order and hiving bt en explain-
ed ri'l t'ti d 1 d by Mes-r W00D3R!Dr,E and
PHELPS, and oppose! by Messrs CALHOUN
and KING, wa^ reported to ¡heScpate, ¿nd ordered
toa thud read ny—yeas 24, n s s not co'inled
Th" lul va- ¡h'n rend th   tb'ri time, rnd fashed
The following bill- were men taken up, as m
com.ml'ee of the whole, considered, reported to the
S is it, and, havitg le'n ergr s cd aeenet nj  o
órele", were read ihe th rd lure, aid pa-Ec.1-
Iii.u e bill er ¡tied An aft ¡or tne rc'ief of J^hn
P  C nve.«e and Henry J. Roes
He use b 11 entitN' An act i«r the relief of Ed-
win H. Childers, administrator of John P. Hiik-
fhe bill for Ihe rel *f of the legal heirs and lep-
re^ei talives ol Huí;o Cup , deeta«cel
House bill entilled An ¿et lo con titule the ports
of Stoniigt.m, Mjslic River, «¡id Pawiucket R'ver,
a collectn n district
f Ih's bill wao amended on ¡V rerommenelali n
o!  ibe Coronitce cnCommei r]
Wau*.: bill tntule i An act lor the lc'ief of Mary
Wol.e, of Pen<i<-ytvani^, "li "«ken uo, sí in com-
.(itte'of tho tvn le, on an adverse revetrt of the
Cor&miltee en Pen ion , ..od, on moiion of Mr.
BATE'', was md«fiiite'v p^tpjfie'.               '
T.Jli NAVAL BILL. Xl
Tie b 11 mrking apj'opr a'ons for the ucpoit
o theriivls lvu' fo tiejt i 1812,h vnijf; oeen
retu'Td fro a tne Htc c, wi>h a '(a . gé'tairg
that t*^ i íT " e h-id nin „c-■'und i 'Sc^-fIüí
Ibe ? it' i ,"jii "' h' i. 'u e ■!/ l¡ o bill, ¡.a i ' ad
eo i i] t d \ i'h Cthet , w .1 5 ' ' t )i .1 a nmc-
men s, the bid wa , Oil m^ ion oí Ml B WARD,
referred 10 th" C  n ni tee   n I'm v te.
On m tun of Mr i\ 3n.k> W., die Sen'i<'' rr-
<utr.fd he con loeration, as ¡n Muirte, n tne
whole, of tht bill tereuue a"d eqt,aliz> aerate  oí
f.os'ag-, to hm.t the u e, and conect the aoe.s , of
'he ira'-k'n? ptiviln^e; and n r oih-i pal poses.
Mr. t.ERRICK 'tattd thit, 8'nce the bi 1 had
beep under di-cu sion yct^rJiy, he ha'1 come 'o
the corclu^on o' cuoinitiirí; some jinenJnent,-)
justified by ihe "uggestions ihtn m de,
lie would propose to s ike out ¡hj esectioiio of
ihe bi!! o jcct""' to, r* tan.'i ^ iierth iho&e whicn
wevc  o tea on. ble, and obvicu^'y nee s^ary rs to
meet the gerer-1 d^uto   the S natt..
The first seuicn, as it no j stands, proposes some
reduction oí p >o -%<t, but al«o proposes' co^ro-
pondi :g increase. T. e redt<ciion v/ould ba on
letters now payirg 6i cems and those paymg 121
cents; the postage en the former to be 5 cents, and
f n the latter 10 cents. Tne increase wou'd be on
letters now payirg 18S cents, on which it is pro-
posed to charge, in future, 20 cents. It is the
opinion of ihe department that the leduction m the
one case will be met by the increase m the other;
so lhat the ¡evenue from postage will cot be ma-
terially affected.
The seoi el section relates to retu'ns to the de-
partment, to be made quarterly b> newspaper edit-
or- <«nd proprietors, for the purpase of ¡.ffordicg
so>ne cl.et k on the postmasters, over whom the
def arañen!, bai no check at pre«en But ihe Sen-
ator fiom Pennsjívania, [Mr Bdchínín,] having
jes't-rday ptmted out obj cuons to this section,
ar.d ais i to ¡he first section, which, if debated,
wou'd lei 1 to delay, and interfere with the calen-
da!,'t v.ashi  (VÍr. M'-) íníeiitun to move to
stnke them out, with an understancmg that it was
his in'er,ti n to mirodutt. a separate bill on Mon-
day, embucms; them ando her sections of this bill,
wh ch he would presently allude to when ptoposing
to -.trilic ihtm out.
The third sect on, being essential for the interests
e f the depai ment, and unobjectionable, would re-
miin, and become the fiist section of the present
bill, as amended. It provides for the redress of a
great abuje in the transmission of newspapers
eahe 1 aiamm >ih newspapers, of greater sizs than
the Journal of Coaimeice, which is taken as the
miximum standaid, calculated to be 1,307 square
inches. The postage on this size will be one cent;
and, for every five inches square beyond that stand-
ard, one cent addmonal. He explained the ne-
cessity of this provision, and again exhibited a
double mammoth Brother Jonathan, about ten feet
square.
T. e ections ¡our five, and six, contain ihose
rrovi i nsoljecied to yes'crday as likely lo lead
lo pro'racted debate. They ida'ed to the franking
privilege &e He would, therefore, move to take
lh"m out oí t'ie ptesent bill, wi'h a view of m-
oe.t'r"? t' em with the o her t/ o bsfoie specified in
the W) which he should introduce on Monday
next
T" the Hicc-'eding section there weald be no ob-
jection.
Th" elij'ith and nin'h se-ctiors prov.de for carry-
ing oui more cff clBElly «he existing law of 1825.
The lenth secuon is to prevent pr.vat* expiesses
fion competí <í> with the department It prohtbiis
them by fine; bat does not affect private person*.,
cartj ins the letter; or packages of their friends
without pay.
The llih section prohibits foreign vessels from
carrying lenets from port to port cf the United
Ftaie , and the 12th regúlales the deposite of let-
ters which they bring to the United States.
The 13 h «rc'ion is to enable ihe Posim'ster
G reral to make contracts for carrying ¡he m=ul on
Steamboats, &c. for shortei periods ihan four year;,,,
whtth he is not autiiori^ed to do under exist.ng
laws It -«ill be in h'S no-ei, for instance, on the
Westttn wAte«s, to chonte1 with steamboat own-
er- for d -i-gle tup, or fur a month or year, which
it\s «o  ed w'!> ia tost quar^r alore, enable
him to effect a swag of between foily and filiy
trtu^atid 'LU-rs.
The fourte nti -ee mn 's u.i-'iofd to encourage
t'.>X&« en if |f.<sc ¡'o>es in the post offices ol
large'town . At present, a postmaster may receive
*3O0O o su'a ítnt, bn not bejond tha'; and
ibcrti r  b"-">xes .nu'fferent about affording fur-
th r a-ení.moehí.0^. Tms section gives him a
commissi'-n of 124 per cert on all rent received
lor tne d«par' rent bejond lhat stun.
¡Vfi BUCHANAN e \presied his approbation of
¡he amendments propo ed by the chairman of the
comm-tje, and h.n no ol j ct.oi to effer m relation
to the secions ot tie bt!'ittamed
Mr MFRRiOK now moved to stuue out the five
jeetitus \ huh ne had spec/el.
Mr KING objectel to strikmg out the first scc-
t«on   He p op i^ea a division ol the qu st on.
Mr CONRAD eoreur«ed with the Senator from
Alabama,    tie thought the nr.t section ought to be
etamed.
t, which re-
ivre was 'ome deba-e on ihis p'ln ,
soiled m tne qjesuon being ^r« ied6^06,hhtt^
was iir=t taken on striking oat ihe 21, 5th, b h, ana
7!h sections wh.cn was agreed jo; and then the
auSftWirKtrastrikinROot the 1st section-
that relating to the charge of postage.
Uthp retention  of the «ecuon ,xas advocated by
Messrs. BASB^. Kl.NG, CONRAD, MERRICK,
