CONGRESSIONAL &LORE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
Continued from No. 49.
approbation at the course pursued by the gentle-
man from Mississippi.
There was a remark of hi* colleague [Mr Meri-
wether,] to which he could not assent. It was,
that Massachusetts and Mame might do what they
liked; he wou d not interfere. He knew not what
might be the precise opinions ot his colleague as
to the right of the Stites but, if be unders'obl him
as admitting tha' aiy S ate had a right to dismem-
ber and sell her territory, he could not con-
sent to such a doctrine. The circumstances
of his own section of ihe Union «ould
alone forbid acquiescence' n any such idea.
Suppose Florida, on becoming a State, were to
sell and surrender a porn >n tf as territory to Great
Britain: could he, an a citizen oí Georgia, agree
to ¡t, and remain in the Union? Never, and (or
the obvious 'eason, tha  Fhnda would then haie
the power to introduce a hos"le band into eur terri-
tory at any moment.
But, in addition to the an-pie reasons assigned
by the gen leman from Mississippi [Mr. Gwin] for
a departure fro n th due .mn-uion hstetoiore en-
tered into by the House, m relation to the appro-
priations for the array c'unn? the present) ear, he
would state ore other In \iting for a ret'fecti n
of the army, he ha I á< ae ^o without a diM.ire
knowledge of what regiment ot dragoons it was
that was raided in 1836 Since giving that v ic,
he had understood that it was one of the m si
valuabi  portions of ihe a-m/—'be regitrent com
rnanded by Colonel Tai°§s and Mpjor Hpr"ey,
which was the or>'y < ne ib.it had ever hun° an
Indian in Florida. Had he known this at the
ami?, he shod'd have voted for the reduction m a
modified form, and cxcept.ng tnat blanch from the
effect of the vote.
Mr ANDREWS obtained ihe flo r, a" 1 moved
that the committee rise, (.vi.h a vi<>w to the adop-
tion of a resolution for taking tbe bill out of com-
mittee )
The question was taken, and resulted—ayes 38,
noes 44     No quorum
Th< commiliee then rose, ex necessitate m, snd
reported tne fact to the House, vihen,
Oi motion ot :ir J P KENNEDY, the House
adjoura J—¡ipu-pa t 2 o'clock.
[When the bill legoiaung th  rates of po'-'afe
and coirecting abases in the post office system was
up m the Senate, on Sa urday, Mr. Woodbury
made some remark , uhtch were accidentally omit-
ted.   Thty are no v inserted ]
Mr WOODBURY oppo-ed the reduction of post-
age last named, because ihey were not to be m°c'e
op, like the firs1 reiuc'ion, by any corresponding
increase elsewhere
Her  we had the officiil ani re pombb* opinion
of th  deoartment, that no less would happen by
the tit-i change , but we had iiot any such opinion
as to the ¡ast ones
It the present rat's m the as' cases were very
high, a radaction oí thern, on the free-irade p in.
eiple, might not dusn -h thj pg 'egate revenue
recei ed But those rat' were not high Nobtdy
vho would-end le"er> tr dei the pro osed rates,
wo Id ab'W n unl<"- the o'd i?, s Lim. the te-
daction ot da'es then, when Plready low, tn«-ie
via, hkely to be c!«". a'd Urge lo (f r^vtnue
What would be the reiU.t m s,uch a case? Tne
department wou d, at the next se^s on, come he-v
to b° pan! fro.n  'be general tn acur  and general
taxto__-vpre  arre  ra~e-—to the  tu~e  of another
quarter or bal. irWl.un And >t % ou'd °ay the
biame was tuts, for ha* lly and unadvisedly takirg
awty its revenue, by   bese IdM changes.
He would not rote for them, unless the depig-
ment, on being con-ti'ted by the chairman, [Mr
Mfrbiok,] should state that the revenue was not
likely to be diminished by them.
FRIDAY, JULY 29, 1842.
Volume 11*->-No. 50
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 25, 1842.
Mr SMITH of Indiana said he had received
from the War Department documents in relation
to the bad mineral lands The committee had
heretofore reported a bill on ti e subj;ct, he, there-
fore, asked that those documents might lie on the
table, to accompany that bill Th« subject haa
been re-examined wnce that bill was reported,
which has led to the opinion that it will require
some ,-ery considerable modiücat on. He, there-
iore, gave notice that when the bill came up for
consideration, he would move a -ubstitute for it,
which he desired to have laid on each Senator' 
table before that'une. On his motion, it was or-
dered to be printed
Mr CALHOUN presented a memorial from
Cliarlestown, Massachuse ts, prajmg tnat the law
a'low/ing a drawback on run minufactured from
molas«-s may be repealed: laid on (he table.
The PRESIDENT pro ten laid before the Sen-
ate a communicition Iron the Treasury Depart-
ment, reporting, in compliance wuh a resolution of
the Senate of th? 9 h in tant, a s'aten ent of the
amount of the receipts and expenditures for the
first half >ear of 1842
On m uon of Mr WOODBURY, ordered to he
on the tahl? and be punted
Mr. S"V11TH tf Indian', 1mm, the Comm'ttee on
Public Lands, repor ed back, without amendment,
House bill enudtd An act granting pre emption
rights to settlers on the Dubuque cla.m (so called)
in the fur. ory oí Iowa
Also reported back, without a i, r.dmetrt, House
bill enticed An act to authorize the selection of
school lands, in lieu of those granted to the half-
breeds of the Sac ?nd Fox Indians
Also reported back, tvilhojt amendment, House
bill entitled An act for the reltei of certain settlers
in the Terntoiy of Wisconsin
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lanes, rt por'ed back, witt out amendment, House
b.ll en ltled An act for tne relief of Charles F.
Sibbald, and recommending us passage.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut presented j nal reso-
lutions, passed by the L'g sla'u e of Connecticut,
on the subject of tfcn public lands, and disapprov-
ing of the distribution bill, on the ground that such
an act was without the authnn'y of the Constitu-
tion to sus a a it, and thit Congress bad t>-pnscend-
ej its power ir> passing ¡t; and that its effects would
b^ to degra v the S'ates wo dependencies on the
biunty of the Federal Government. The Sen-
ators are ¡ns'rjcted, and Representatives requested,
to vote f( r .ts repeal
Also, from the same sourc, resolutions on tbe
subject of the character of the appointments to the
military academy at West Point They deprecate
the sel-ctioii of so ranv toung hit—'hf parents
of whom are wealthy, and able to educate them at
then own expense—*o toe exclusion of meritori-
ous young me i of poc parentage The resolu-
tions condemn the pres nt management of the
academy as a perve'si n of the object originally
ooo>mplaied by is c<mui , and instruct the
Senators, and request th" itVoresenta ives from that
State to voe for i s abolí hir>ent
Also, from tbn siine s tuce, resolutions on the
«udjpci of the bnrkruM law Thev disapprove o'
tbe iiw, and •> y that it is i nproper, because it en-
ables the debtor to dis-harge himself vuhoutthe
interference or complaint of the creditor. They
say that the hw is retrospective, unconstitutional,
and unjust, and instruct ihe Senators, and request
the Repre entative  fren that State to effect its re-
peal.
Also, f^om the sa-ne "oarc , reseda ions on thr
subject o' the tariff Thay decía e that, previous
to the union of the Sta'es, the several fctntcs had
and exercised the power to lay discrim.natmg du
ties, with a view, in the collection of revenue, to
protect the iranoui interests of the coun'ry, and as-
sert that Congress had, smce that powei was con-
ceded to theFederat Government,practised upsn th«
fame principle They recommend the embodying
of that principle in the present tariff bill, and de-
sire that ihe revenues may be collected in ready
money, m order ts avoid the evils of an expanding
currency—a tendency to which is inevitable by a
system of credit dunes. The resolu'ions instruct
the Senators, and request the Representatives,
to vote for a discriminating tariff.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, the resolutions were
all ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to regu-
late ihe use anf1 to correct the abuse of the frank-
iDg privilege; which was read, and ordered to a,
second reading
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the claim of Hiram H-
and Wm B Lewif, 'or compensation fur horses
lost in the military service of the United States;
which was ordered lo lie oa the table, and be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claim?,
to which had been «committed the House bill for
tbe relief of James Tongue, John Scrivener, and
the legal representatives of William Hodson, de-
ceased, made a report supplementary to the *d-
ver-e repo.t heretofore made; which was crdereel
to be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, agreeably to notice, an*
on leave, introduced a bill to apply certain alter-
nate sections of the publ c domain towards the
comp'et.on of works of internal improvement in.
the State of Michigan, and for other purposes^
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Linds.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY,the bill reported front
the Post Office Committee, for the relief of Ben-
jamin F. Hard, was taken up as in committee of
tbe whole, and having been explained by him,
was reported lo the Senate, read the third time,
and passed.
The foi'owmg bills, having been considered as
ii committee ot thp whole, were reported to the
Senate 'ead the third time, and passed, v z:
The bill explanatory of an act entitled "An act
for the relief of Claik Woodroof," passt d May 10 
1842, and
House bill entitled " An act to authorize the
Shenandoah Budge Company at Harper's Ferry
to trect a bridge on the land of the United States,
at the town of Harper's Ferry." [This bit! passed
with amendments ]
House bi 1 entited An act for the relief of the
owners of tb" ship Lexington, of Nantucket, was
taken up, as m committee of the whole, on an ad-
verse'report of the Commi'tee on Commerce; and
On mouon of Mr HUNTINGTON, was indefi-
nitely postponed.
The bill to p ovide for the public engraving,
printing, and binding, came up, as in committee of
the whole, in ns order, and.
On mouon ot Mr. CRAFTS, was laid on the ta-
ble.
On motion of Mr GRAHAM, the bill for the
relief of tbe beirs of Esther Johnson was taken up
as in committee of tbe who'e
Mr. GRAHAM expta ned the b.ll. It was a
bill to allow to the hi irs of Either Johnson (she
having die< since 'he b.ll was reported from the
committee) a pension from the year 1831 to the
year 1841, under the law of 1832, notwithstanding
there was no app'ieatton made for a pension by
Majnr Johnson before his death; fer whose services
the heir  now c'aim the pension
Mr. WRIGHT bad read, by tbe Secretarr, a
commumca nn from the Ct mmissioner of Pen-
sions, givirg information on the construction of
the pension law; i  which the Commis'ioner as-
serts that it i  ihe invariable prast.CJ ot the depart-
ment to grant pens.ons to the heirs, in case ot the
deaih of the individual on whose services the ap-
plication is based.   Mr W. said, it seemed, by the
