"to provide revenue from import1-, and to change
and modify existing laws imposirg duties on im-
ports and for other purposes"
The amendments proposed bv the Committee on
Finance were, in substance, as ft Hows:
1st On cotton baling, or ot^er imported sub-
stitute, ms ead of five cents per square yard, to in-
sert three and a half cents per square vard.
2d. Ou iron in bars or bolts, not manufactured
in whole or in part by rolling, instead of $17 per
ton, to insert $16 per ton.
ád. On bar or boit iron, made win'ly or in part
by rolling, instead of $27 50 per ton, 'o m&ert $24
per ton.
4lh In the proviso extending the indulgence of
existing laws to railro/d companies for iron im-
ported for railroad*, instead of 1843, 'o inseit 1845,
on proof—
5th. That said iron is actually [and permanent
ly] laid down [ror use] on any railway or inclined
plane.
6th. [Strike out to the middle of the eighteenth
line, and insert "within three years from the time
of importation Provided, That no iron shall be
considered as raiiroai non, but such as is prepared
to be laid permanently en railroads or inclined
planes, without further manufacture, and spikes,
pin*, and chains shall not be considered as railroad
iron "J
7th On iron in pigs mitead of $10 ptr ton, to
insert $9 per ton
§tb To strike out "on plates or «beets of which
copper is the mater al of chief value, and on pat-
ent sheathing « etal composed in part of copper,
two cents per pound "
9ih. Instead of 20 per cent ad valorem on
watches and v atch materials, to insert 74 per cent,
ad valorem.
lOtn To change \2i per cent on diamonds to 7
per cent.
11th To change 20 per cent on gems, pearls, or
precious stones, to 7i per cent
12 h To include among sugars, brown clayed
sugars.
13 th Among articles exempted from duty, to in-
clude flaxseed.
14'h Also to include ' plates or sheet? of copper
suited and designed for sheathing vessels, and patent
metal sheets u°ed tor the same purpose "
15th Making the dr¿wback on foreign sugar re-
fined in tKc United Slates, "equal in amount to
the uty paid on the foiecn sugar from which it
sh ll be mau«ta<"ure(l, and no more, to be ascer-
tained under «neb regulation, as shall be prescribed
by the Secretary ot 'pf Treasury "
16 h To mciude in the ad valorem duty ?uih"r-
ized by the act, "a cna-ge of eomnaiss on, at the
iiaual rates" as tre ho*n< value "?l the pcrtwhere
the same 'nay be en cr d "
Mr E, leaving the d°t?i's of  he bill and the
pmendmen's for d.si-u ><n as hy should come
up m their older, proceded with sn expo-iili^n oí
the general pnnoipleó and r.ece spy for 'he meas-
ure.
Mr E spnke for nore than two hours, and, m
the coir e of his ¡crnarks, dwelt particu'arly on
the exigencies of the G vernment, ihe exhaust d
state ot th- treasur;, the requirement of from
twenty-six to twenty- even mill ons of dollars to
nvet the orduarv «¡n't extraordinary expenditures
and the impracticabi i y of mret ng the demand in
any other way but by a revenue fnm customs
He insisted i><at, ftom t le bes; nntrg o' th'S Gov-
ernment under me p e ent Consuman, commeics
fad uniformly ft' l"< ke t eniT s, and was now as
well able to feet rpn fiat Rij formei pen id.
. Ttx costo ts, he i ta nu>n d pmI ior tre la half
centu y d< n  n < re ib > hs T'*i'b itch of rev
rtiueh d m't tht ca fl ture , .inn red-emed the
count!) fitm del' Hi «art i .to de ail  in proof
of tt i , an ', ts i j^tmg h- u ere  d consumption
of ia<reasei populat o , h trea ed a unfunded
ail appreh ns ons dial de du lanle impo 's were
not rerfectly comneient to bcr p revenue of twen-
ty six or tventj s=ven mtll.ons of dollars He
contracted the p s',<¡ proposed by the Secretaty of
the Treasur}, the Committee of Ways and Means
m th® House of Representatives, and the Finance
Committee   of the Senate, and showed that, al- [
CO^GRESSrONAL GLOBE.
though Ihey differed n n any respects as o details,
they all cama near y to the same conclusion—
that it was practic ble to raise between twenty-sir
and twentj -*ev°n m ILons, w thout trenching on
the di puted ground ot pro ection, for the s-ike of
protect on He admitted there  . s great difficulty,
in making discrimination, m asceitaimrg she pre-
cipe point where incidental pro'ecnon changes into
direct protection, but he b-lieved the present bill,
as proposed <o be amended by the Finance Com-
mittee, would keep that point more steadily in view
than any othei plan which could be matured at this
late period of the cession, and would, in no material
instante, depart from the general principle of rev-
enue for the sake of revenue, with such protection
only as that object would sanction in a wise dis-
crimination.
The demands of the year will be from twenty-
six to twenty-seven millions of t ollars The re-
ceipts it was ímpossib'e to estimate, with any degree
of precision. The customs duang the first half of
the year were scarcely eight millions, and, for va-
rious reasons, u might be doubted if they would be
more for Ihe second half, unless this bi'l were
speedily passed The passage of this bill would,
however, remove all doubts of the Government
being sustained, and the public credit maintained.
The reliance on its adoption had already restored
confidence, as evinced in the improved rates of
treasury notes and Government s'ock Once the
bill became a law, here would be no difficulty in
obtaining whatever loan the present demands on
the tieasury might require, or the «rowing exigen-
cies (till thr> revenue came in) might call for
He defended the clause repealing the proviso of
the distribution act, whi^h restires to the treasury
the land fund in the event of duties exceeding 20
per cent , and contended that the shock which the
withhold ng of that fand from the States would
five to the State credits directly, would be felt indi-
rectly by the General Government with rqual se-
venty. Tne increased embarrassments of the
S ates would be reflected on the General Govern-
ment, which could much better spare that fund
than the S atci could do wi hout it. It was not,
however, a subject the discussion of which he
wished to anticipate, or which he felt any dispo-
sition to enter upon at all, believing that it was so
fully understood by the whole country that to
argue further upon  it was a mere waste of lime.
Mr ARCHER suggested that, as the first amend-
ment which p^oro ed a reduction from five cents to
3Í cents on bagging was one m which the Senators
from Kentucky, noun th<-ir places, felt some inter-
est, and as the hour wai too late to p-o eed with
any general discussion, it wou'd be best to post
pore the further considerate n o( i' e bill till to
moirow, and take up the nav> ->nr>ropnation bill
with the House amend jiem , a\.dttm¿ th¿ decision
of the Senate
Mr EVANS had hoped the consideration of
the amendments would have been proceeded with—
not that he expected th s evening io t?ke the vole
upon them, but that they mtgh' be advanced how-
ever, if it was the desire < t the Senate to postpone
thf bill, and take up tbe n >vy a ip'oprntion bill, he
would not obj°ct
Mr. MORSHEAD (who had just come in and
resumed his s'at) observed thit at this late hour,
it would be desirable to adopt the sugge.tion of the
Sepator from Virgin a
It was then agreed to p^sti ne the further con-
sideraron of the revenue bdl till to morrow ; and
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr Crittenden] not
tiding in his pi. ce, but having intimated his mten-
t on to address th<_ Sena e on the suoject of the
House amn'm-rt to ihe nt-ty appropnaiion
bill, it was rg eed not to p ca {at motion to lake
h  up,  bin   to  prtered   with   the  general orders
The House I ill No 504, for f>e regulation of
mesne process in in  D strict of Colnmbia, bein 
the erst in order, was then taken up as in comroii
tee of the whole, and the amendments proposed by
the Judiciary Committee were read
Mr BERRIEN explained h  nature of the bill
and of the proposed amendments The object in
view was. to do away wiih the practice of arresting
and keeping m custody, c holding to bat), per-
sons ¡or debt, on the mere requirement of process, ,
7*87
on  he allegado i of ladeb'cdaess     The bill re-    (
quires an affidavit o subs añílate the claim, b fore
process is issued.
The several a mend men's proposed hy the cava-
mittee (for the m<- t part of a technical nature)
were adop ed.
Mr WALKER then proposed an amendment,
the effect of which was lurther to ameliorate the
existing laws of arrest jn the District, but, i# tije
course of discussion, it underwent s>o many modi-
fications, that we cannot state it in the ship? jt
finally assumed
The subject was debated by Messrs, PRESTON,
WALKER, CONRAD, SEVIER, PHELPS, anri
BERRIEN, and it was finally rgreed that Mr.
Walker should new model it.
While Mr W. was in the act of preparing the
amendment anew for the decisioa of the Senate,
Mr BAGBY moved an adjournment, and
The Senate, by a division of 21 ayes to 16
noes, at four o'clock, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, July 25, 1842.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted a resolution to ter-
minate «abate in Committee of the Whole on the
army bill this day at one o'clock He said the «es-
sion had been protracted to an unusual length,
and there was yet much important business to tie
transacted, and therefore he deemed it necessary t v
offer the resolution which he now submitted—on
which he moved the previous question.
The previous question was sustained ty the
House, and the question recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr PICKENS called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and resulted as follows—ycr-s,
91, nays 56
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the* House resolve
itself into Committee of Ihe Whole on the rta'e of
the Union, which was agreed to. and Mr.^SAtm-
ders took the chair.
The committee resumed the consideration of: the
Senate'o amendments to the House bill entitled An  t
act mnkmg appiopnations for the support of aje J
army and of the military academy for the yes ,,
1842                                                                      ¿
When the House adjourned, on Saturday, ike\
proviso in the first section, as amended by the Sen-
ate,  was under consideration, and  that quesuoni
now came up in order.   It is as follows:
"Pitmdcd, That the recruiting service shall cease until the-
number of non commissioned officers and privates m the va
nous companies of'lie several artillery and infantry regiments
shall be reduced, by death expiration of term of service, or
other ciuses, and such discharges as the President may from
time to time duect to the number fixed by the act entitltd 'An
act to reduce md fix the military peace establishment of ths
United States' approved March second eighteen hundred and
twenty one And provided further, That no part of this up
propnation shall be applied, after ihe thuttelh day ol Septem
ber next, to the payment if the regimentof dragoons establish-
ed and authorised by the act of twenty th.rd of May, eighteen
hundred and thirty six And provided also, That no m ney
appropriated in this bill or hereafter to be appropriated, shall
he applied to the payment of any larger sum of money to the
officers attached to the general staff—to wit, those in the Adju
taut Gent-ral's depai tment the Inspector General's department,
the ft lartei master General's department, the Subsistence de
panment, the Purchasing department, the Medical department,
the Pay department, the Corps of Engineers, the Topograph!-
cet Engineers, the Ordnance department and the Military Acad
emy_than the sum3 now paid to the offl ers of the same grade
in the infantry and artillery service, whether the same be for
their pay or emoluments, or any other service "
Mr. MOORE was understood to move the addi-
tion of the word "dragoom" to the ninth line of
the b 11.
Mr FILLMORE hoped the vote would be
taken on the iradn? amendment
Mr C JOHNSON cal ed for tel'ers, and they
«ere orderfd
Mr STANLY remarked that he supposed this
amenlment or ih  Sena e wculd be concurred in,
hs a bdl /o-th" reorganizaron of the army was be-
fore the Hou*e
Mr C JOHNSON mada some re>nari,s, but,
f-om the position in which he stood, he was inau-
dible ?t the reporter's de k H- was understood,
however, to urge th" necessity if acting upon the
bill for the reorganizad' n of the arm\, before th's
appropriation bdl was disposed of; otherwise,
when the necessary bills of the s si">n were dis-
posed of, especially as the dog-days vt ere approach-
