GOTOltESSIONAk GLOBE.
791
even as high as the average of the proposed tariff
of 1843 This average is from 35 to 36 per cent.
Itsopeiation is more direct'y a tax on the cos-
sumer, adding 10 per cent, more in consequence of
cash duties, and 10 per cent, more if the impoita-
tion is made in foreign vessels—making in such
cases 56 per cent, on the consumer.
He held in his hand a list of sixteen articles
which are to bear a tariff ot upwards of 50 per
cent. These a.e article^ most of which enter into
general consumption On the^e, the object can be
nothing but proiecnon.
Cottons selling in New England at 6 or 7 cenfs
per yard in the mirket, are valued at 20 io 25
cents per yard in ih s bill, by which the tariff, in
that particular, is made 140 per cent.
He enumerated many articles which, bv the
opera ion of'the bill, will have to bearatax offrom
100 lo 120 or 150 per cent. Salt is to be so taxed
as to pay 80 par cent; while poison, (nux vomica,)
is to be admitted free. Cordage 80 percent ; sugar
from 40 to GO per cent; cotton bagging 60 per
cent.; woollens 60 to 65 pei cent, iron, rolled, 60
per cent: but that kind ot iron is selling in the
British market at a rate now which will make this
tariff 100 per cent on that article
This bi1!, m f oing above 20 per cent, is going
beyond anything ever calculated by the ftamers of
the Constitution, who thought 10 or 12 per cent.
would be enormous.
What has England come to, aftei eentsines of
experience?   To a tariff, in most cis.es, ot 20 per
cent.; and nothing like that often from her co!o
mes.
We say to he, 'it you c'o not putdowayoui
corn-law*, we will ptr on i< tahatory clu i s " Cut
the corn law tax is row mt 20 p r cer.i ; ai d we
show, by putting lrom 40 to 140 per cent tax upon
her productions, what our s nse of jum ce i .
It you collect 27 mil'ions \ et for revalue, ynn
Must collect 32 millions m gros,, and ¡hat is $2
per head on our population. The wbol o1 Ihe
¡State taxes do not exceed $2 per herd. Wnat did
the frauters of ihe Constitu „o i contemplate' That
the taxation t.  suppoit the General Govern >cnt
?hould not exceed ope-thud of the wl>ole fiction
of the people; but tins b I1 proposes to collect tne-
half of the whole taxaaon, ustefid of cne-t'urd.
The proper check c n excessive taxation, is the
necessity of resorting to something else in emer-
gencies than imposts. The moment you go be-
yond from 20 to 25 per cent, you pass the point of
legitimae taxation on import', and are driven to
other sources. These source? are, excite, stamp
acts, and direct taxation. If you will distribute
the proceeds of the public lands—if you will be ex-
travagant that you mpy incui a necessity for taxa-
tion—if you will have your dance, you must pay
the piper; you must go to thoje othf-r sources of
revenue which will bring 3 on at once to your re-
sponsibility to your constituents.
He referred to the compromise ac—to Gen. Har-
rison's Zanewille letter, teed th~ o'her day—to Mr
Clay's Hanovei speech, often quoted in ihe Senate
—and showed than: never could have been 'he un-
derstanding of the people when 'he h^t presidential
election was at is;,ue, that such a b 11 ps tins ¿rruld
be the foundat on c< a new s}Vcii cf hi -h tariff
You not only make J jt es ei'irc'y dispioportion-
ate, but you make it ^xlremely doubtful whether
you will get a greater ¿moon' of íerenue th"n you
would at an equate rate of du'y You not only
dimmish imports, through your custom hoa s, but
you greatly enlarge the indarenr>ents for smu gung,
and thereby enctu'a^e demorabzatier. Cof suiip-
tion, and wi h it confort, lb also dun nished by the
enhancement of pneei. A vaMly increased ex-
pense must be incurre-' to pr<nem smuggling
The chairman of the Filiate Comrnit'p  re-
ferred triumphantly to t e fact, that 732 mid on-,
of dollars had been received from custom  from Die
fomndation of the Govenme to 1840, but th s
is only an average of 14 million , includ . g ye, rs
cf war, high tariffs, rub u de-J* ?nd ?il ex- t n<*
e>teum>tancei What a^ument ca>> he den >e,
fiera this avcage of 14 m 1 ions, for üo-iMu g the
sum, and calling ins io-1 ¡e er>ue of 27 m >u< ¡><>
Vthalhe pro;o*-es to collect no<7, cd<i"ot K c \
¡ected under ordinary circumstances.    In a period
of profound peace, when we ought to be retrench-,
ing our -expenditures ?nd redrew!  tax*''on, we
arecaHed upon to impese dm<(-s double the average
of the income fr m customs since the beginning of
the Government
He did not stand up to say the people should
not be taxed at all, oranv portion not taxed. But
what he did say was, that taxation should not be
moie than could be avoided, and that whatever is
necesssrv, should be raised equally and justly in
refeience to all classes of the community.
He would assert— nd he dii so because he
meant to prove it—that this was a bill to impose
du íes to burden the agricultural interests for the
bent-fit of the manufacturing interests.
lie read some of ceriajii resolutions which he
observed in a tVew England agricultural newspa-
per, as follows:
"Who eas tin. sencral hi| pme^t, ant! prospeuty of thotlni
ted State  must ever be intimately connected with, the condition
of oui agriculture, and whereas thue fourths of our whole rap
idly increasing population must, and evei will, depend on the
products and ptoftts of ttieUimer for the supply of their physi
cal wants*, and the me ins of moral, religious, and intellectual
improvement —
And whereas Congte^s has given bounties on the fisheries to
make them a nmsery ol seamen, andina Qiven none cm agncul
ture, which is the best nursery of freeman—has a[ piopnated
million*? annually to protect commeice, and has giv en nothing
to entourage agitcuitutc, the basis of commeice—his prntecud
manuiacluies with ahcav} uufT, and lelt agriculture, which
consumes then fabrics, to prottttheiseli
"Resolved 1 hat it is the duty ot the Geneial Govoimntrt
not to e\tti d piolection and encouragement to manufactmes
and (Ommcice, unless she edop s a like policy towards the
gteit agncultui i! mtue&ts t f lie country
' Rcsohed That tie plutective --ysiem is it present est ib
I-bed,'a m mil stty unjust tithe gucultuusts of the coun
tiy—lmpnain" upon them thict. foutths of the taiitf duties, is
c insumeis, without afloidn g them any nletiulte con ' ¡tiauon
for tti   payment of tin it tan 1 í t\"s                                               ¡
"ResoUcd  I'   t, u ihe minu Kturei h to rettivea j 10
ttcme duty, «o sliouid ilsot ie Amuicari seed _i n\er, wh i, m
m^etpient etf the unj ortat on ol torcían setd& luto the United
h ates, n ot tlged to ainndon thio pi< lttihle In-mcli of mdustiy
' Ite^ohrd Tint the pit eiittoil is ptttial and unequal to
fume's, whert. it i ftovid > that Iticttuties on rail) nd lion
sh di he left! ided wh nth ra iK lie icuWlyliid md d jes i ot
prov Ie tn it liie dut 3 on the scythe and the s.rkte 'hillbe re
fun 'cd to the laiiner wiien he shall h ivc appued them to the
gram
(t\nd \he\eas luge quantities of po a oes, giam htntei,
'-het-íe, 1 oi v, wool hlde«, and othei article., aie annually
imported Iiom foreign con ¡tries n lo the United biate , theie
fort,
"Resolved Tint it is not the m eiestor the do y of thefarm
ets to submit tohtti\edjto bu Id up commeice andmanu-
f otures, unV sthcy also can be pr itected in the lull enjoyment
of the home maiket foi alt oui great aguctiitural staples "
You hive a leir''ci to gUI the farmers, by trifling
dulirs rat ed h gVn on foreign r>gneu'tur,sl aiticics
imporitd, thedutios on which, altogether, wou'd not
amount to $50,000, while on salt alone—an article
of p-iipe consu.npuon to the farmer.)—jou impese
80 per cent duty, causing a dead lo's to the faimrrs
ot f¡500 000 Here you mislead thtm with d bonus of
cne tenth of vhat you arc abstracting from their
pockitsby ti.e same macmnery on oiily one other
ar, cle.
He contrasted ihe discrimination of the British
tariff ¡ showing that the British statesmen really Ux
most the luxuries and vices, while we arc to fx
tiecessertes enteiuig m'o general and daily con-
sumption. Ote of th" veat blasts of that tyran-
nous ard opr, tM*e Ian l of tavatiijii ■-, lhatsalt,
ent ing into gentiM consul ption, ¡?>is neces a y
for the inassct ti.e ptopie, is tree, nlnle we adinit
as free onlv a fc v n.atier —sjcSs es \ oi on, or
gilct eptulett"o—wh ch it bod/ lrca r>o to be arti-
ob-. ot genera'con'utr-p ie. Wt mske ariicks
ne' which ct,' f"ir^t.'s pro^u" , brc<iuie it is to
tu n to t*e benefit of mKnuf„c'ore s
You put on spec Fic duties wuhout re'ercee to
1 -1 qialiiy of &tt oles, a5- n the instance of the pro-
'O-^ed ix y on shoes, joa mtke the l?hurcr, who
iy, t echeap'jt pi i from abroad, p-iy tec same
diny as \h" most fd'hionablo and weald y person,
v h'i b lys th" r"Ost cootlv.
We arc to rare tv eniy-tv o milhons from duties
rn ' e gr-.-tprn^le-cf "( neral con-mrption which
are lib oluf" i'^c-sa its. The «hoe thtDg «
fun ei '"or pro cc in to the mannMrturprs,  t tbe
c pt" e of die ( oisi raers It is s?.nl th: raana-
lac oicrs are eorHi"3trs too So the  ire, bat
what ir tee r prep rt on to agnc't'tu'ists? Take
i c?nulofb Hi hv ihe lip census it apptat 
t'atil- oil'-fac Mi ? t pi'il 'f the c< untry is
'ovil und 't m ihops m tiol'ari-, ihat of me agn-
ou! ui  'si-s thics tboasand millloris.   Contrast the
population: the agricultural population is twelve
millions; that of manufactures one and a half mil-
lion. The consumers are as eight to one; the
eight are taxed to protect the one; while he is only
paying one-eighth of the lax imposed on the nine.
When } ou go to lay taxes for protec ion, why
not do it to protect farmers as well a  manufac-
tuiers? Why not protect our laborers by shutfrtr.
out foreign laborers, Germans, Irish, and Engl: l>f
You cannot do it, because you must uproot th<;
very foundation on which we stand as a nation
If you cannot do it in these instances, why are you
to attempt itin favor of a favored class,called man-
ufacturers? What is it supports your commercel
Is it the consumption and exports of youi agricul-
turists, or those ot yrur manufacturers]
He entered into tables of statistics to show that,
as duties rise, exports fall off, and as duties fall, ex-
ports rise.
You tax aU the matenal  entering into the con-
sumpt.on of our «mp-building, you tax iron, cord-
age, i-heaibing, (unless the bill be amended as pro-
posed by the committee,) and yet expect our ship-
ping to stand the competition with that of Eng-
land You tax commerce so heavily that you not
only restrain it, but dimuivh its energies. In do-
ing this, you cripple your navy, your army, and
every arm of your national defence If yo i want
re iff from your embarrassments, retrench; re-
t'uee your expenditures, bring down yoiar demands
uprn the Treasun; take back your Und luna;
phee this ihtee "millions again at the dispo al of
the Treasury, and, when vou have done all this,
you will be saved the necessity of crippling your
commerce, and your true sources of natioual de-
fence will flourish, and inspire confidence at home
and respect abroad.
[!W W. spo''e upwards of two hours; so that
the cibove sketch will be considered a mere outline
of his argumpnts]
Mr. EVANS said he regretted being under the
necessity of ügaiu addressing the Senate at this
stage of th^ discussion, but the S.nator from New
Hatipsmre had adtrancd some arguments, and
made some sta emenis, which were appprtnlyso
well received on the othtr -lde, end were, at the
same time, so erroneous, thüt, although he was not
so well piepaied .-s he could wish, h  would, never-
thele s, cndeivor to make some reply.
The Senator, in the first place, had objected to
the amount proposed to be raised. And here he
would remark mat he did not think the Senator
treated the subject fairly, by saying that, because
we could get along wit a eighteen or twenty mil-
lions, therefore we ought not to pass a bill which
would produce a greater sum. It was not pro-
pesed that the expenses of the Government should
come up to the amount to be raised by this bill.
The necessity for raising twenty seven millions
was because of the public debt. How did the
honorable gent'eman propose to get rid of the ten
millions of debt wh.ch already existed?—five and a
half of which he had left us to pay, if they were
to l'mit their revenue to the ordm?ry expenses of
thp Gwprnrnertt, which could not be less than
$22 000,000—alhojgb. the Sena.or set it down at
|19 000,000, tecnus- t'uimg the first half of tne
yea' they were rae milhono and a half. Why
bad it been but nine millions and a ba'f? One
reason was, because they had not the money to
expone1; end another, that they had not yet made
all the appropriation b lis avadable
The Sena'or had s'aied that the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Govt mtnent wonld be less,
for the remaining half of the year, than tor the
half when Congress would b" in session; hut tBe
Senator must be aware that, •> tnotigh the congres-
sional expenses would cea e, there would be a
la'ge amount of pnvat" claim-, imposing upon the
>repsuiy more than doutie the amount of congres-
sn rim expenses Tcey «ere making very large
appropriations for ptiva'e claims—clafis ihit had
been lying over from ¿em <o vear, neglected, repu-
d ated, refused, because the Gtotrermxnt h/J not
the mowy or the indication to nay thpm. A
whole Diass of ihe'e c'aiffis had been tl.r-- ia no-
on this Administration, and, as a m '- ju mhey
prevailed towai-.l those tha' h d a >oie j i-vm
upon, the Government, demands upon the treasury
