992
•wete consequently increased.   Had there been mo-
ney in the treasury,  the expenditure of the first
half of this year would have been considerably
greater    It was perfectly certain that it would in-
crease in the latter half, if there should be money
in the treasury to meet the claims which would be
made, and c uld not be refused.
' How could they, with any propriety ,limit a re ve-
nue bill—if the expenses of the Government only
-were to be provided for—to nineteen millions, when
they had always passed appropriation bills exceed-
ing, in the aggregate, twenty-one millions of dol-
íais?  The gentleman says, Where are year fortifi-
cation bills? your bills for light-house  and for har-
bor??   They would yet see ihem, he trusted, before
the close of the present session.   It was the ab-
sence of these bills that made the first balf year's
«xpenditure so small.   The gentleman had voted
for all die appropriation bills that had been passed,
(exceeding twenty-one millions of dollars,) and yet
he would have us stop below that amount in pro-
wling revenue.   He (Mr. E) thought it clearly
•demonstrable that, it they bad any rrgard for pub-
lic laih—-if they intended to meet their engage-
ments, and did not desire to see their treasury-
ao'es still more depreciated, it was  the dnty of
Congress   to   provide   a sufficient   revenue, not
merely for the current expense* of (be Govern.
jueut, but 10 provide a fund for the redemption of
those notes.
The Senator's next objection was "to the prin-
ciple of raising the whole of the revenue from du-
ties on imports. He seemed to be impressed with
the opinion that the rate of duties ought not to ex-
ceed 20 per cent. He would not follow the Sena-
tor so fully into the details of the bill as he had
gone. But with reference to the addition tf 10 per
cent, on goods imported from those countries be-
tween which and the United States no commercial
treaty exists, the gentleman used not be apprehen-
sive that this additional 10 per cent, would be
levied, even if the Imaum of Muscat should send a
vessel to this country.
The main scope of the gentleman's argument
was, that these duties were a tax upon the consumer
of the goods; that every man living ia a log cabin
in the West will have to bear the burden of these
duties; and complained, also, of the cash system
making another increase of 10 per cent.. Accord-
ing to the Senator's opinions, he (Mr. Evans) had
always considered the cash ¡ystem the most eco-
nomical; but the honorable Senator's argument
fended to favor the credit system—a system which
rendered it necessary for the importer, in order to
cover his losses, to increase the price of his goods,
and thus make it more burdensome upon the conl
sumer. Mr. E. proceeded to show that, so far
from being burdensome npon the great body of the
community, as the Senator from New Hampshire
had argued, it would be precisely the reverse. If it
were a protective tariff, it had been called for, not
by the manufacturers, but by the merchants and
shipowners.
He referred to the public meetings that had been
held in the various cities, and the demand that had
proceeded from every class for the passage of a
bill of this description.   Mr. E. entered  into a
minute examination of the efilct that would be
produced upon our foreign trade by the imposition  |
of a rate of duties such as was  proposed  by the
bill.    He contended that a higher rate of duty had
ordinarily the effect of reducing the  price of the
goods imported, and that its  effect would be  to
benefit the agricultural cías , for the interests of
which the Senator has expressed s-o much anxiety.
Mr. WOODBURY made a brief reply to Mr.
Evans's observations, chiefly with a view of refer-
ring that Senator to the deleterious effects of a re-
strictive tariff upon the navigation and the shippipg
interests.    In  reference  to the  British  tariff, he
showed that duties for revenue were, in that coun-
try, UDder  20 per cent;  but when psohibitory du-
ties were intended, they were made high enough to
effect that object.    The averse had not exceeded
33^  per cent.    He showed that, in England, the
reduction of dutieson articles of prime consumption
had bsen found,   by experience, to increase the
jtmount of revenue received.
In France, the average of duties did not exceed
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17 per cent.; and that was considered enormous.
"Jut when the Government cf Prance wanted to
protect any paiticular manufacture, it imposed a
prohibitory duty, kseping the tariff on articles of
prime necessity as low as possible
la reply to the remark of the. Senator from
Maine, that aa increase of duties did not have the
effect to enhance the price of the article imported,
he ( V.r. W.) would abb, then why were the im-
porters so eager to have the duties increased, with
a view to give ihem protection? Why were they
making s uch urgent appeals to obtain the increase,
even to the violation of the Constitution? He was
not for taxing one branch of the community at the
expense of the other; all that he contended for was
equality-
Mr. MILLER moved "an adjournment; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 25,1842.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania presented the
resolutions of a public meeting in Pennsylvania
in iavor of a protective tariff.
Mr. GOODE of Virginia asked leave to present
a memorial from Hugh A. Garland, esq., late Clerk
of the House, in vindication of his conduct from
the charges made against him by the Committee on
ihe Public Expenditures. He moved that the me-
morial be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky objected.
Mr. GOODE sai 1 he was somewhat surprised to
see the gentleman objecting to a memorial in vin-
dication of private character.
Mr. ANDREWS withdrew his objection, and
the memorial was referred to the Committee on
Public Exrenditures, and ordered to be printed.
Several ineffectual attempt were made to pre-
sent petitions, &c,
Mr. ARNOLD insisting upon the consideration
of the unfinished busidness ot yesterday.    '
TAB REDUCTION Of THE MEMBERS' PAY.
When the Bouse adjourned yesterday, the pend-
iug queioion was upon the .<econd reading of the
bill to reSuce the compensation of Senators, Rep-
resentatives, and Delegates in Congress, and to re-
peal all oilier acts/bn the subject.
A call o\ the?'House was moved and ordered.
143 members aríswered to their names. The ab-
sentees were then called; and it appeared that 168
were in the ball.
A motion was then made to suspsnd all further
proceedings in the call: rejee'ed—ayes only 49.
Excuses were heaid and admitted in behalf of 11
absentees; when
Mr. S. MASON moved to dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings under the call; which motion was
carried in the affirmative.
Mr. ANDREWS then moved the previous ques-
tion on the second reading or rejection of the bill;
which was sustained.
The question was then put: "Shall the bill be
rejected?" and decided in the negative—ayes 45,
noes 134.
The question than recurred on the second read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
Mr. ARNOLD then rose and said, at the wish
of several friends, who be believed were sincere m
desiring retrenchment, he would move to refer the
bill to a select corrtmit'ee.
Mr. EVERETT said, as it was evident a large
majority was in favor of the bill, they might as
well go on and complete it. They knew very well
if the bill should so to a committee, that would be
the list they woutd hei'rof it. Ths gentleman
from Tenriessee [Mr. Arnold] had begun where
other bills bad terminated; and while he (Mr. E )
did not believe tint the pay of the members ivas
too high, there were some abuses which he desired
to see corrected. This might be a measure that
might be useful to demagogues-before the country;
but, so far a - be knew the sentiments of the people,
it was not the sentiment of the people that Con-
gress was extravagantly paid. Other gentlemen
might have better sources of information than be
bad, for he had been ever in his seat.   Those
gentlemen who had been absent for weeks to-
gether from their seats might know the opinions of
the peeple better th,3n thOJe who had been here,
day in and day out, from the commencement of the
session—-[Laughter]—and who had been driven
so often to move calls of the House for want of a
quorum, occasioned by the absence of those gen-
tlemen who received their pay while absent from
their seats, bat who came here and plajed the
demagogue. He desired ¡hat the House should go
on; and for that purpose he moved the previous
queiúon.
Mr. ANDREWS asked if it was in order to
move to lay the whole subject on the table; and he
called the yeas and nays thereon.
Mr. G. DAVIS hoped the instructionsof the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. R. W. Thompson]
might be, read for the information of the House,
The motion to lay on the table was negatived.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON inquired what the po-
sition of the question wa ?
The Sl'EAKER said the previous question
would bring the House to a direct vote on the en-
grossment of the bill.
The vole was then taken on the motion for the
previous question; which was negatived—the vole
being 67 in the affirmative, and 71 in the negative.
Mr. ARNOLD again expressed his desire that
the bill should go to a select comroitUe; for he wa-
saiiifitd of his inability to perfect a measure of
this importance—and the bill before the House he
had only designed as an outline;—and if such a
committee should be appointed, he hoped the
Speaker would not nlaoe him upon it.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON proposed to amend the
motion of the gentleman frcm Teone-see [Mr. Ar-
nold] by moving that the bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House en the state of the
Union", wiih instructions.
The Clebk read the instructions, which proposed
to strike cut the whole bill, ar.d to substitute
another, providing that each member of the Senate
and of the Hou^e of Representative shall receive
eight dollars per diem for the actusl days that
he may attend, unless his absence should be
occasioned by sickness, or by leave of the House
of which he is a member. Also, that the mileage
of the members be calculated on a stra'ght line
from their places of residence. Further: that the
pay of the members be reduced one-fourth after
Congress shall have been in session five months,
and a reduction of one-fourth every succeeding
month.
Mr. BOTTS said it wa? not his purpose to
charge any one with demagoguism. If there had
been any demagoguism on this floor, he confessed
he was at a loss to determine which of the two par-
ties on this question had exhibited the greatest de-
gree of it. He was opposed to this bill, foe the
reason that he had never been able to bring his
mind to the belief that members of Congress were
sufficiently paid. He took it that any gentleman
who is worthy to occupy a seat on this floor, had
business at home which must be neglected by his
attendance here, which was worth a sum tqual to
what he would receive for his attendance in Con-
gress. Some gentlemen got up and talked about
the exüavasant pay of members of Congress, and
a lit le demagoguism might perhaps be exercised
oa that subject.
O hers talked about the absence of members;
and th - gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Thompson]
had introduced instructions to tne Commute of ihe
Wh-.'le on that suhjee--. The miieate, also, was
fie subject uf comment; but why did not gentlemen
v.h > live at a disian;e get up arid introduce an
amendment to reduce die mileage, if they sincere-
ly desired to economizo? Why, ihtre were gentle-
•ren ¡here whose mileage amounted neaily to
$2,000, whofe actual expenses did not exceed $150.
Hi* own mileage was about $100; but hi* actual
expen<es going and returning were not over $20i
Gentlemen from New York travelled perhaps over
ihree hundred miles, and they received $.330, and
urobabiy their actual cost was no1 more ihan $20.
There were some gentlemen who^e compensation,
including their rnileaje, amounted 'o §24 a day;
while he, (Mr. B.) independent of his per diem al-
j{ lowance, did not receive more than 3?i cents; and
