CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            793
was there any equality there? With respect to the
absence of members from their seats, he observed
that some resided so far from the seat of Govern-
ment that they could not ?wl their homes; but it
would so happen, as long as he was a member of
that House—and he was neither afraid nor ashamed
to avow it—that h  occasionally went home to see
bis family, cr to attend to engagements of a press-
ing character. He had no objection to be deprived
of his compensation while he was absent; but he
hoped, in ihe whole airangement, there would be
a little evenhanded justice.
While he was up, be would take oecanon to say
—tor he was no demagogue—that he would prefer
to vote for an increase of the daily compensation
of members He would reduce the mileage, and
increase ihe pay. He did not know but he would
vote to increase it to #12, and, instead of taking it
from the public treasurj,he would take it from
the gentlemen who res'de at a distance from the
seat of Government.
Mr. LEWIS said he voted yesterday again t
takingup this bill; and he did so because he th-ught
it was a proposition to reduce the pay of msmbers
of Congress only; and he thought that members c£
Congress were worse paid than any of the officer*
of the Government He thought many clerks in
the departments, and many clerics in that Hiuse—
copying clerks—weie feelfer paid than members of
Congress. They sat there two sessions during
each Congress—the long and ihe ehort one—ma
king ten months, generally, in the whole, which
was so large a portion of their time that ihey could
devote themselves to nothing else at home, and
their compnsaiiou amounted to from $1 600 10
$1,T00 per annum. A friend near him suegested
that it was bnt $ 1,300 And this was the salary ( f
officers ot the highest grade—for they were in enor
only to the Piestdent, and, perhaps, the heids of
department*—while there were copying clerks re-
ceiving gl 500, and many of them receiving $1,250.
He was ot opinion tnat $1,600 was a less compen-
sation here, in offices that were not permanent,
than $800 would be at home. He voted against
taking up this bill yesterday, because he thought
it was an assault on the pay of members of
Congress; and that, he should resist. He had
been here two or three years, and he was
satisfied he could not remain here for much
less; but if the House went for a reduction of sal-
aries in good faith, many of which he believed to
be too high—and they were increased in a worse
state of the currency, when the state of thing?
required more than was now necessary,—if the
House reduced the pay of members of Congress to
$8, he would submit, incompetent though he be-
lieved it to be. But low as was the pay of mem-
bers of Congress, m his estimation, he would net
move to increase it. There was a propositan,
however, made some days ago, which he «hould
wish to see passed—a proposition that, after a cer-
tain time, the pay of members be reduced to f 6.
that he was willing to «ee—not for the purpose of re-
ducing the pay, but for the purpose of hastening the
adjournment of Congress However, thougn he
voted against taking upihe bil!,smce he had seen ¡ts
character he had voted for the previous question,
because, even in its rresent shape, h<~, was willing
to vote for it if the House was, in good failn, go
ing for the redaction of salaries. And thou'h he
did not think the pay of members of Congress
ought to be reduced, yet, for the grea' good that
migk' be effected, he would submit to the partial
injustice
Mr, FILLMORE said he had not intended
to take part in this debate; but, as he never
erpecled a sea' on this floor again, whatever he
said could not be attributed to any self in ere* ,
and he could assure the House it woula be ftuad-
ed solely on what he deemed the public good He
was satisfied, from what little attention he ha i
paid to the subjeet, that the per diem compensation
of members ot Congress was not too great Any
member who performed his duty earued we'd $8
per day, and therefore he was not n favor of ihs
reduction. There was a greater evil than ail this,
which reauired reformation more tbsn a reduction,
or even an abolition of the pay, and that was, that
they should, if possible, so regulate tbe matter as to
compel attendance to the dudes of msmbers. That
wasihcgrsat evi', andtheT-'rect'on of thai was the
gre«it rsmedy for all t&e evils which they suffered
He would, therefore, agree to cut off the pa> of
absent members, unless their aosence was occa-
sioned by sickses", a¿>d, in lhat case, he d tubted
not peimivion of we House would always oe ob-
tained. Biit „.e would alio v no other excuse than
sickness, and therefore he in ped that inis bill, so
far as it proposed to cut off the pay of members
not attending to their duties, might become a la .
He belie y-ed this would be ihe greatest reformation
that co'ild be effected n lhat House and for the
country. What bad they witnessed there? Had
they not, from diy to day, had tlu business of ihe
countrj slopped, because halt and more 'han ha'f
of the membeis were absent irom iheir dune ?
And what was the remer'y? He knew not lhat it
would be found in taking uway the pay of absent
members, but he would, try i', nevertheless. If the
remedy was not 10 be tound in that, some oiher
remedy must be foun *, or that body would sink in
public estinn ion so lo  as to lose all moral in-
fluence m theciuntry
Somethng had been saidcf the large amount
of mileage and trave'lmg expense . At ihe fir t
view, he should say it was too large, an' shou'd
be reduce I, bjt there weie too sides to the ques-
tion, and though some nduetio't might b- marte,
he would not go to the extiavagant lengths that
s 'me gtnllemen pioposed. Whit could be the
consequence of an tvtravagant leduction? Wh ,
be ventured to piedict that tfuee ysars would not
pass before pIOp sitton. would be agitated to re-
move the seat ot Government funher west; and
mus much time, and r ce sarny much .iioney,
w uld bt eon «,sied Tnen,asa matter of ecm
oray of Ihe public time, and the employment tf
public fftcers, he would avoid such «gi ahuns lie
believed the mi ^age of members might be re-
duced, s0 as io ,.vod that con'tquence, which
he would ivoi* ">s a greater e^il
W.ih respect to the propo&it'on to rtdi.ee the
pay of membtis after they had been here a cer am
tipie, he would observe that th" time would be
much sh 't<-r if they could c .impel the actual at-
tendance ot members He would, however, agree
to g-adual reducuon, until it came down to nothing,
that the Government organ might not have the op-
portunity to siy that they were opp'ated up*.n by
mercnary mo'nes He would cheerfully go for
a reducuon of the pay of me'nbers of Congress,
after the session had exceeded five mot. hs, as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tndiana, one quarter
peí month, until no compensalion was allowed,
but he boped the bill would be committed toa
committee to perfect it, and then let tt be brought
back, and receive the action of tbe House
Mr. POPE said he was in Congress under the
law allowing out $6 per diem, and then expenses
were lest, now than they were then He  ?s sur-
prised to hear gentlemen ta k about their «alanés
being le>s than the salaries of other public ofiiccrs.
Those gentlemen did not consider tae rrpre erna-
tive character as he d d, fir he dul not cirsidei
him elf in ih^t light He did not consider thit tse
came here to woik fe eompei¡s.i ion, but tnat he
cu le here as to a post of honor and distinción
lie did not 1 ok upon this as a"ioney-makirg busi
nes , an i he toou^h it wiuM have the b st po^ i-
ble effiet to i educe th- " compensation to what it
was thirty \ n-, ¡sgo 6m he * as opposed to the
mean  to w ct so lie gen'Ierren would resort for
the piirp->se or *u run ™ lue se^ions; u r be decri-
ed it p-cpei iKat die!'- 1 gi Utioa thjUid be caí i
■"id dei i-t? ".
The  ,enilem'sn íro-n t'ic W"-t '¥ere neoe sprilj.
eri Dieio    o hone or-as en J. y dun~g i si.sion,
&a 11.0s.. wh ' rcsil-1 i"=rer >o ihe  eat <>f Govern
men cojl'       an',c   í^qt.en ly, they rus ei her
emp'v; soncDody "i  attend to their bus ne a fur
J thev, or it ¡aj-l gi vooUy needed.   Hevasop-
j ro eo, 'h£->   o p. y 1 itj being u'trc'uced mo the
1  bill Oin r   .m: ir itlation to ih° piv rf 'reeiter;
I Hs objeoi<-d io ary us erfercice wnh the iui "i >,
I  but h^ \ o.  '\ilLng to redaoe both pry and mil -
I  age if  the II Use would give them sonetb'ng ade-
i quate   o pay their expens" .   Ke wa°, also, wiU-
¡ ing th-.t the vote should hi taken on the bill now,
instead of re'crnng it to either a select commutes
or to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. SHIELDS addressed the House at some
length, but h.s speech is necessarily delayed to a
future publication.
Mr GWIN observed that he would not have
occupied ihe time of the House at this late period
o* the session, when we shou'd act and no' talk,
but for the remarks of  the gentleman from Een
tucky [Mr. Underwood] and the gentleman from
Virginia  [Mr. Botts] oa the subject of mileage.
The impresión is attempted to he made that the
me-nbers from the remote West and Southwest
come here to make money, and do make monev,
on account of the large amount of mileage tney
receive foi then attendance hete.   If such is the
honest opinion of any person, here or elsewhere,
they are gr-itly mistaken.    Gentl'men appear to
overlook entirely the expenses incurred and the dif-
ficulties encounteied by a Western and Southwestern
member, in coming on here wi'hhisfamily. He said,
after bis ^lection, lhat occurred only a month before
the meeting of Congiess, he had made particular
inquines, of those familiar with the different routej
to this place, which was the best, to insure a cer-
tain and speedy arrival.    He was advised, by all
means, to take what is called the Southern route—
by tne way of New Orleans, Mobile, and Charles-
toa—as the r av gallon ot the Ohio is so uncertain,
at that season of the yea*, that you are liable to be
compel! d to travel from Cincinnati to Frederick,
at th.it inclement season, night and day, in stages.
Íhis is risking the lives of lemales and children
wno are only accustomed to the mild climate of
th" South.   Under tb.s, advice, he left home in full
time to nave taken bis seat heie on the tir«tday of
the session, but, on ms arrival at New Orleans, he
ascertained that the late iieshets in Alabama and
Georgia had destroyed  all travel between Mobile
and Ona'ies'oi),  washing oft tbe budges on the
stage routes, aal  rendtnng the railroads unfit for
ase.    One gentleman was brought lo him at the
ho el where he put up, who had just arrived from
Mobile, i'ho stated that he was coiipe led to have
aboroe, and ii.-wel on holdback upwards of ninety
miles, to get to Mobile; and that he was two days
in advance of tbe mad.    He (Mr G ) was then
reduced  lo trie alternative of ¡etracing his steps
four hundred miles, to ..here he had started from,
and risk the unc rtamtv of the navigation on the
Ohio, and th> great exposure his fami'y would
be subjected to, in travelling over the mountains
in  the stige, or reach Charleston  by  tbe way
of   Havana,   in    the   island   of   Cuba.     Hq
chose   the   lauer;   and    the   result   was,   that
ms'ead o. reach-iig here on the Clh of December,
ns he had calculated, he got here on tbe 23d; and
then was compelled to leave his family at Havana,
t) cotoe oin 'he regular mail-boat, while he took
the first convf>ance—a mi erabio Hule "-chooner,
in which h¿ vas buffet d ¿bou' on the coast aolong
a time us, u..der favorable c ícumstances, he could
have made ihe tiip from home iOth    city.    A col-
•eague   in  the   oih'i  Hou^e ot   Cor-gc-S",  [Mr.
Walker,] with v,h m he (Vt    G)  had Parted,
WHit d >or t<c r..eunr ma t-ptcket iron Havana
to Ciarle m->,  "mi was ile'am ó frc ^ his seat  to
toe 1st of Joiiua y     To show  the uncertainty of
e her route,  re would staie that another colleague
in he Sena'e [Mr. Henderson] left New Orleans
for lb s place, by ihe wa; of Lou.sville, Cincinnati,
and Wbce ing, on ihe sa.ne evening we left for
Havana, .ua he arrived here one evening, and Mr.
a. tberext    ""hat this n ; not be cjnsidered an
is( lated c-> <, ho   >/ou d   ate another   One of the
Senate rs  from   H s i  upt   [Vir.   Walkph] was
cK t 1 to t o S ni e in the first >*tek ot January,
1835, in' stc  -A very soon affr, with his family,
tt' t'     ciij.    Wt a be get to the mouth of Cum-
h",  i-dnv*, uefiurJ uVOjio above that point
ulo k^d  up with ice.    He was compelled to go to
Ne. hvil e, thence by s age to  May-ville, where,
f ora illness broogbt on  by the jounvy, he was
foiipelled io leave hi- family, aid he reaihsd this
cty on ihe 221 of February, s,t or seven weeks
after hi  elec ion, and undergoing the greatest ex-
posure wb'ch cieated .in illness so seveie with one
member of his familv, as detained them to the
month of May before they reached here.
