delay of sending it to a committee? Did any one
expect this session to last two weeks longer? a.'d
did he expect a bill of that importance to undergo
Ibe supervision of a committee, be returned to Ihe
Heuse.and acted on before the adjournment? If the
gentleman contemplated passing it, whynotnsove
to go into Committee oí the Whole, and act on it
at once?
He had a word or two to say on the subject of
mileage before he closed He agreed wi h the gen-
tleman from Mississippi that, considering the priva-
tion and difficulties encountered by memberiiu con-
sequence of coming here from a great distance, the
compensation they received in mileage was not
too high. He admitted that, some weeks ago, he
was of the opiiion that the larger amount received
by some members ttean others, on account of their
mileage, created a great inequality in their compen-
sation; but since he had taken a more acoura e ex-
amination of the subject, he had come to a different
conclusion. The separation of members from their
families—the impossibility of going home to see
them during the session—the absolute neglect of
their private business, together with the expense,
hardships, and perils of travelling a great distance
from home;—all these taken into consideration, he
thought that snch members were not better paid than
the others. For his part, he was willing to trust the
matter to his constituents. They were honest
and intelligent, and no demagogues could deceive
them.
Mr. GILMER ebserved,  that this  debate had
arisen very unexpectedly to him.    He was n< t in
the Honse yesterday, when th  gentleman from
Tennessee asked leave 'o ¡s'rcde^e tq'« bill.   He
had supposed that,  as they were now so near the
period   of  adjournment,   no   new  project of re-
trenchment and reform would be introduced, after
the army and  navy bills.    His general views on
this subject were well known to the House, and he
would, therefore, say nolhmg m regard to it     But
he now rose to test whether tins bill was, as it had
been characterized, a mere game to win political
capital by, or whether it was insli'u'ed to retorm
existing abuses.   There were abuses that ought to
be corrected; and it was well known to the member
from Tennessee that, months ago, he (Mr. G )
had the   ho^or  to introduce beveral bills,  hav-
ing   that   object   in   view,   which   were   then
lying  on   the   table  in  a dormant state.   One
proposed to reduce and regulate the mileage of
members of Congress, by reducing it from eight to
six dollars for every twenty miles' travel, and by
directing the computation of the amount of esch
member's mileage to be made  by the post office
distances, instead of allowing members to regulate
it themselves, and sometimes charge constructive
journeys.    They had been told that, by reducing
the pay of members, they ran the hazard of expel-
ling from the hall many of the most useful mem-
bers.   He was aware of that.    He was aware that
coming to Congress wa- not the money making af-
fair that it was supposed to be, but still he thought
there was good reason  why some retrenchment
might be introduced into this branch of the public
service    Suppose (said Mr G ) you increase the
pay to  twelve dollars: do you suppose that  h 
members would pocket the difference?   Far f'om
it.   The expenses would increase in propoition to
the increase ot compensation.    Charges for board,
and all the o.her expenses to which members of
Congress were subjected here, would bo increased
in proportion.    He had also reported two o'her
bills; one of which was for abolishing the flanking
privilege—a privilege which subjected the country
to a very heavy burden, without a corre >nd!ng
benefit.   He (Mr G ) was in favor of ih.s measure
on principles of economy, and not for the purpose
of stinting the public officer, who gave his nine to
the public.    To stint was not economy, it was let-
ting out the  public effices to the  lowest bidder,
which the people did not desire, and vshieh ho w.\s
confident they would not approve     It was only
where expenditures were extravagant or unneces-
sary that he desired to reduce them.    He bel eved
that aborning the franking puvilege  wo«ld net
only prrduc  a great saving to  the country, but
that it would have the effeet of diffusing a much
larger amount of intelligence among the people
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
than was done under the present sy tem. Mr G.
next referred to the oihcr bill reported by ihe re-
trenchment committee to abolish the newspaper
privilege of members, and also to put an end to
tne subscriptions for newspapers an i peitodical3
for the public offices, and indeed all the other
branches of the public sirvice, evil as well as
military. This was an abuse that was increasing
to an alarming extent, and ought to be corrected.
Oa the 'ubject of mileage, Mr. G. said tbat the
tr.ie principle was to pay to each member the ac-
tual expenses' he mors m coming here and going
home, and no more. The question, however,  as,
was there to be any ac'ion on th s bi'l at the pres
ent sesión, wh ch was now approaching rapidly
to a c ose? If sucu is the intention, said Mr G ,
let tu not discuss it for tne purpose of making po
litical capital out of it Judging of ihis b 11 bv
those that had precede I it, he haidly thought there
was time enough left to give it a proper degree of
consideration.
He di! not wish to be considered as in favor of
this bill in all rt parts, for he had not bear I it read,
and knew not what it was. He only mea it to say
that he c incurred in the general principle con-
lamed in it, and was disposed to proceed in good
faith to put it in sjch a shape as to render Us pas-
sage desirable If [he House was really in earnest,
let u°, said Mr G , go at once m'o Cjmrrittee of
¡he Whole, let it be lead, and let such amend-
ments be tnc.de as may be agreed on Let it then
be reported to the Hou.e in an m ell g'ble shape,
and put upon its passage He himself desired to
senses' e-T^l ttsxi" d„i— s, a-a wai ready to of-
fer them as soon as the Hiu e resolved i> elf mto
Committee ol the Wru !e.
After some fur>htr rena'ks,Mr G. moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
"Whole for Ihe purpose of considering this bill
The SPEAKER said that the motioi was not in
order, and stated the question before the House
Mr ARNOLD rose and asked Isavr, by genera!
consent, to offer certain amendments.
Mr CLIFFORD suggested to the gentleman to
offer an amendment excepting privates of the aimy,
and common seamen in the navy, from Ihe opera-
tions of the bill.
Mr ARNOLD answered, that he was willing to
do so, and would offer that with other amendments.
Objections, however, were made by several to any
amendments, gl!d tney were therefore not offered.
After some remarks from Mr. JONES of Mary-
land.
Mr. C BROWN, Mr. GORDON, and Mr R.
W. THOMPSON continued the debate, but the
publication of their remarks is unavoidably post
poned.
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana concluded by
modifying his motion to as to withdraw the in-
structions io the Committee of the Whole; and
moving, instead thereof, that the select comoiitttP
be instruced to inquire into the expediency if
adopting his amendment.
After some remarks from Mr BURNELL in
favor of the bill—
Ur JAMES W. WILLIAMS of M.r>la.d
moved to strike o"t all tint re'at s to mile ge,
and, in lieu Ihprecf, to insert, as an addi íonil ec-
tion, the folio   n ••
And be ilfutiler enacted That eveiv memoer of Con
gir-sa shall bu allowed, n lieu of the | u0cnt allowance foi
mileage, for gom<* 11 and in retunmit? from the beat of Gov
eminent once at each ^e^sion of Congress i sum equal tithe
neceas ti y ex len^e that may be actual y incurred m making the
tourrov by tlio moat usual toute and the ordinary mode oi
tia\elling the same   and no mole
Mr SMITH of Virgin a mquued of theitnile-
mai) fn m TetTsseeif ih s bill was not to U>ke
effect after the n^xt session of Congrrs-., and in i
to affect the p.c^ent Congiess at ail He observed
that it was corded to as to take effect with tne
Congress t1 ->t meets after ihe 5 h of December,
whereas the p>es nt Cor>j>ress w'l meet, for Us
short seoSton, en ihe 3J of D cerrber n xt, «o 'hat
thp li'l will not affect the nie.aib rs Gt this Cen-
gres> at all
Mr. ARNOLD ihi n asked leave to ameid the
bi'l so as to insert the 31 ot December next, but,
several m-mters objecang, the amendment was nut
received.
79$
~ ■   ■  i                                   ¡ ¡      ■■   i
After some further remarks from Messrs. AR-
NOLD and TURNEY, the latter moved the pre-
vious qucs'ion, and the question bemg taken by
tellers, the second was carried—yeas 75, nays 53-
The SPEAKER said that ihe effect oí the pre-
vious question would be to carry the House to a
direct vote on the engrossment of ihe bill.
The yeas and nay  on-ordering the mam ques-
tion having been ordered and taken, the vote was—
yeas 89, nays 72
The ques'ion was then taken on the engross-
ment of tne bill, and earned in the affirmative—
yeas 89, nays 79.
Mr MARSHALL then addressed the House at
length in opoosition to the bill.   After which,
Mr. WM B. CAMPBELL moved a reconstd-
erati<ra of the vote on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed
Oa mot'on by Mr MfKAY,
The Huuss adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 27, 1842.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial from
James W. Calwell, Wm. Christy, and others,
asking to be relieved as sureUes on a custom-house
bon 1 on certain railroad iron, which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Aflai's, made an  adverse report on the memorial
of John Philups, praying remuneration for depre-
dations committed by i'ie Creek Indians; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS,  frtm the Committee on Fen-
'   sions, reported back  withsut amendment the fol-
lowing House 111 , and  with  a recommendation
that they be indefinitely postponed, viz.
An act for the relief ot William Glover,
An act for the relief of Cathaune Wil on,
An act for ihe relief of Sally Das; and
An act for the relief of Presley Grey.
Mr. HtiNTIISiGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had been referred House bill
entitled An act for the relief of Nathan Smith and
oihers,  reported the  same back without amend-
ment, and with a reccnmendation that it do pass.
The bill providing for  the satisfaction of the
claims arising under the 14th and 19ih articles of
the tieaty at Dancing Pabbit creek, came up on the
question of engrossment.
Messrs WALKER and PHELPS submitted
some slight modifications to the bill, which were
agieed to, ana the biU was ordered Io be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. YOUNG submitted the following, to be add-
ed to his resolution of yesterday; which was or-
deied to be printed, viz.
12 The quantity of land in each State appropiated on ac-
count of military bounties lor sei vices rendered during the late
wai with Great Britain
H Ti e number of unsati°fied claims on the same account,
and the quantt y of land required to satisfy the same
1 i The amount of land scrip issue 1 on account of the State
of Virginn m consequence of the cession of her waste lands to
the United Slateb lor mihtaty services rendered by her citizens
duunii the levoluuonuy war
15 fhe tmouut ol scrip required to liquidate the unt,ati^fied
c aima m tiie sairc account, as far as the same can be ascer
tamed at the del artment
If f he giants of laud made bj the seveial states and Tern-
tines, ftom he onhest penod up to the present, lime, and the
t urpo^ts foi whi h&ucn grants were made r
' 17 The q lanniy of land received by the States lespectively,
01 wi their benefit, from the land ceded by them to the United
states
.Jr. BENTON, from the C^ra.Uec on Milita-
ry >■ ffíss, reported Lack without amendment ihe
mil for lie armed occaiation and settlement of a
portion 6f Flor di.
On s ,otiod of Mr MERRICK, the Senate re-
sumed iht ci a íVrc io.i of ire bill regula'ing ihe
i-a'"s of postage, and correcting abuses in the post-
office svjetr, ihe qje tion pending bem" the mo-
tion *o lrconsider the Vote on the amendrrent sub-
m ttetl b> t je Senear from Rhode Wand [Mr.
8immo<«s] Kxinp tjsfe rate of postage.
Mi MRB.RKJK hoped the vote would be re
con idered it the bill hould become a law wifh
iho rale of postage fixed by that amendment, it
would seriously impair the revenues of >ne dei art-
ment The Posmaster General had become a
good deal alarmed for ffar th" bill, as it now is,
should become a law, and had sent him a com-
