CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
Mr. WALKER then submitted the Mowing   I
resolution, which was agreed to:                               I
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to com
mumeate to thó Senate, at the commenceme t of the next ses
810I1, an estimate, shrwmg what reduction of the number of
mills on which postages are now ch-nged, in the several cases
esi;mitedby law, wouldLc n ces<,ary to mtioducethe fceder.il
omage so as not to dimmish the agere£;ateievt,iue o'ttie Post
Office Departmtnt
I HE NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL
Oa motion o Mr EVANS, the navy sppiopr.a-
tion bill was 'airen ap, for the purpose of consider-
ing the dissent of the House ¡o some of the Senate
amendments.
Mr. E explained that the House had dissented
from some of the amendoifnts made by the Ser-
ate, and bad amended two of trft Senate amend-
ments, in respect to wh ch 'lie concntrerte of the
Senate was requested.
The first of the Serate amendments non-concur-
red i'i by the House, was that whuh added some
four hundred f>nd seventy or foui bundred and
etgh'y thousand dol'ars to the appn priation fo- the
pay of officei , seamtn, and maimes ¡n the  ¡ vy.
The appropriation in the original bill,  •? it came to
the Senate fiom ibe House, was $2,335,000, v-htch
the Serate, afters long discussion, bad raised to
$2 800,000 The Ccmmitiec on Finance, in rec-
ommending that mercase, was fortified by the con-
current opinions of its necessity expiessed by the
House Committees of Wsjs and Mean"! and of
Naval Affairs, and of the Senate Committee of
Naval Affairs, &s veil as those of the Navy Com-
missioners and the Secretary ot the Navy. The
matter had been so fully discussed when the sul-j'ct
was before the Senate, a' the time the bill was un-
der consideration, that he though' it now unneces-
sary to dwell furiher upon it th n to express a hope
that the Senate would nut recede from its amend-
ment.
The next amendment of the Sena'e, dis ented
from by the Hot!1*', was that increasing the appro-
priation for the Pensacola dockyard from $35,300
to $100,000.
The next was the appropriation inserted bv the
Senate, of $7 365 14, which the House, on more
correct information of the actual expenditure, had
raised to $10,543 42, being the expenses incurred
for the coast oí Afuca, in carrying out tie law oí
the United Siates for the suppression of the slave-
trade. He would move the concurrence of the
Senate m this amendment.
Tbe next was an amendment made by the House
to the Senate's amendment, which provided that
the Secretary of the Navy should have the discre-
tion of applying the appropnation rf $100,000 for
the dry-dotk at Brooklyn, New York, to the erec-
tion of a floating-dock, which the Hou e had
amended by inserting "if, in his op<n' n,; ueh fit at-
ing dock will ^upemde the necewit) of a dry-
dock." Tbe effect of this amendment would be to
preclude the Secretary of the Nivy from mak rig
the experiment in relation to 'he floating dork,
because an i<npo%ibi uy is required of h>m, vhich
is, that he shall know by aiticipatton, and m ad-
vance of any trial, what cannot be know i till af-
ter the experiment is made.
The Secretary ot the N?vy, under such restric-
tion, wilt ppp'y the money to the dry dock, aD 1
make no trial of the fl atmg dock ata'l. He (Mr.
E ) proposed to test toe «ense of the Sena'e on (he
question between a dry drck and floating cock, by
moving a nor concurrence with the amendment of
the House.
The next was tbe di^ent of the House to tb 
Senate'* amendment of an appropriation of $4,-
345 39 for the charter of the steamboats Splei did
and Clarion, m September and October, 1841, for
the survey of Nantucket shoals.
The next was the non-concurrsace of the House
in the Senate's amendment io the c'ause of (he bill
providing that no part o' the sums appropriated by
the bill should be applied to die pay of officers ap-
pointed after the 1st of Janua y, 1841, when
amendment was, mat tne prohibition should be
changed to appointment made afie • the adjourn-
ment of the present session of Congress. This
amendment the House non-concurred in. This
was a matter very well understood by ihe Senate,
and upon which it was not necessary he should en- Jj
large. He would merely say that, if the Senate's
amendment were not made, the effsct wonld be ex-
ceedingly injurious, to the service. He thought the
Senate ought not to recede fiom its amendment,
and hi would theietore mo/e for a committee ot
confeience, ¡n i'ae ¡1 pe that the tesult would be sat-
isfactory.
The question was then put on insisting on the
first amendment, which was to increase the appro-
priation for ihe pav of officers, «amen, and ma-
naes, from §2,335,000, to $2,800,000.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was very much inclined to
think tha' there was so little time this ¿essior now
letc lor windirg up the business, ¡hat it would be
best to ck'p thi. matter by concuning with the
II>us«. He therefore moved that tse Senate le-
' cde fiom its amendment.
Mr. ARCHER asked the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee if his understanding was corree!,
tha1 the addittt n to the appropriation has been al-
ready expende-1?
Mr EVANS explained, that the persons to W
paid by this addition were ahead/ in the service,
and would be so at tie end of the year. They
would then have to be paid, of course, and as half
the jear had expired, it might be said that, so far,
the expenditure hid been mad  Whether the ad
dition were appropriated or not, they would have
to be paid at the end of the year. If not provided
for in this way, they would have to be paid for out
ot appropriations at the disposal of the departmen',
which, by tensioning its means fiom one por ion
o ihe service to paother, would be reduced to the
nece<sitv of making corresponding retrenchments—
perhaps by discharging laborers at the navy yards,
or suspending operations that would otherwise
go on.
Mi WILLIAMS hoped the Senate would le-
ctde from us   mendm'it
^Jr. WOODBURY remarked that the chairman
of the Finance Committee was mistaken in sup-
posing tie money applied to the payment of la
borers in the navy-yards could be transferred io
the payment of the commissioned officers The
labcr r- are paid out of a specific fund
Mr EVANS was aware ot that; but he under-
stood if, at the end of the >ear, arrears were due
to the navy proper, the means should be found to
pay tuero-, and that could only be done by savings
of the department from the other appropnat ons,
v bveh, m the end, would come to tbe suspension
of the laborers and other operatives, to the extent
of ihe deficiency
Mr WOODBURY obsened 'hit no such trans-
fers critld be ma^e, except while Congress w;s m
•e siori
The q icstion was then taken on the Senate's w-
sis'inj on it> amendment, and resulted—ayes 15,
noes 30. &o !"e Senate receded from its amend-
ment.
The questi n then came up on the S na,e's in
sisi n° oi lis am-'ndisent to the appropriation for
tie Pensacola na/j-yird, and the Senate receded
from, its amendment
Trie nerr ques'ion was on acceding to the amend
ment of tbe House to the Senate's amendment i-i
relation to the dry drcs *t Biooklyn, New York
Mr ARCHER statei sotre tacts in region to
the comp.i itive value of dry-docks and floating
docks. Tne Committee on Naval Affair- had had
the subject nnr'er consideration, and had examined
a rrodel laid btfore them of the floating-dock
They had come to the conclusion that it was a most
va'uaMe improvement, a d would answer every
purple of tne dry-dock. The la'ter would cost at
lea-' t"0 millions of dollar, while the fioatmg-
dcc£ wou'd not cost more than $250,000 He
poned Oui *iar-y advantages which the floating
di ck would have over th? dry-dock There was
no doub .\st the expeumeijt ought to De tried as
„o n as po<"b'e
Mr WRIGHT underwood the matter to be,
that the House originally appropriated $100,000
for carrying on the dry-dock at Brooklyn, New
York, and the Senaie made an amendment, author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy, at h s discre-
tion, to apply the raonev to the experiment of erect-
ing a floating-dock. Tbe House did not «tnke out
the   Senates amendment, but required   that he
should exercise his judgment in deciding, befirv-itl
ventu'ed to spend the moity on a new expenraerlrj-*
whether it wou'' supercede the necessity for a dry-
1 dock And ih's was most i8d><cnabie; because, if
it would not, the dry-doek would, though still nh-
cecsary, be kepi bac', and the rtemey which sboulá
J have been ¡.pent on it, would have been spent on
an experiment not superseding the nee s^ity Six
having a (try-dock, f he House require  the Sec-
retary of'he JSavv to form some op n on before
he proceed> to expend th* money. Tne ¡Senate re-
quires him to make tueertienment, w¡*e'her it shall
succeed or not
Mr. WOOOBURY understood that the experi-
ment was not prohibited by tb'* House, i hivh only
required that ihe Secrel"ryof the Navy snonld be
satisfied it would succeed, before he expended the
money.
Mr. BAYARD said that was not ihe cuestión'
but whether, though it should succeed, it would
supeisede tha necessity of having a dry dock That
v.as the true question. Now, all would admit it
was extremely desirable that the experiment should
be tried somewhere. But this experiment never
could be tried if t ie Secretary of the Navy is re-
sncledby the House amendment. Trwe cortld
be no diubt that floating-docks would be fours !
most efficient m every case—except, perhaps, in ref-
erence to armed 74-gnn ships of war.
The subject was furiher dreussed by Messrs.
ARCHER, EVANS, WRIGHT, and WIL-
LIAMS, and resulted m the Senate non-concur-
ring m the amendment of the House.
The next was on the dissent of trie House to the
Sena'e's amendment m relation to the pay of offi-
cers appointed after 1-tot January, 1841, which
h ¡illation the Senate had changed to the end of
the present se sion of Congress. The Senate re-
fused to recede trom is ¡xmtndment
The other amendments of the Senate non-con-
curred in by the House, were receded from.
Mr. EVANS moved that a committee of con-
ference, con^ibtin^ ot three Senators, to be appoint-
ed by the Chan, should be appointed to confer with
a committee of the House, for the adjustment of
the amendments non-concurred id; which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr EVANS, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of                          \
THE TARIFF BILL:                *     ,
Wh ch was taken up as in committee of the f
vihole—ihe questions pending being on tbe amend\j
ments recommended by the Committee on Finance. |
Mr. SIMMONS said he desired to offer a few *
observations in r^ply to the remark  of the Senator
fiom New Hampshire on yesterday. He under-
s'ood ihe Senator to object to the bill, first, because
it r?iPed too much revenue—more than was neces-
sary for an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment, and, secondly, that the imposition of du-
ties on imports was an improper mode of ra'Sing
revenue. Mi S compared the expenditures of
the Government at different period', to show that
an. average expenditure requited more revenue
t"<>n 'he Senator seemed, by his argument, to sup-
p^  necessarv. Taking the amount admitted by
the Senator to oe required, and add to it the amount
requisite for the redemption of the treasury notes
about to fall due, and the amount required for the
payment of the interest upon oar loan, and it would
be found that $36,000,000 was the ¡east sum that
would be sufficient, and that, without providing for
theps>m«nt of a single private claim, although
a very larf.e asnoan' of sach claims was about
being passed Tne Senator bad given as a rule
(vhirb, no doubt, satisfied himself and hn friends)
fo> the eo'lecuon of revenue—and be (Mr. S )
agreed % ith him cordially in the suggestion—that
the rat" of duties should not exceed 20 per cent.
generally. The rale was a good one, but, although
the bill ptoposed a departure from it, he (Mr. S.)
would not, on that account, offer any opposition
to its passage. He confess-d he was astonished to
heai the Senator state that the average tate of du-
ties m England was but 20 per cent, or one-fifth
of the value
Mr WOODBURY rose to explain. He had sta-
ted tbe general average to be about 23 per cent,
