CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"¡m
Mr. TILL1NGHAST, from the Committee oa
the Library, offend the following resolution :
Resolved, That the portrait of Columbus, presented by
j^rthur Middleton, Esq , of Siuth Carolina, as signified in In*
letter to the Speaker of this House, be accepted, and placed 11
the Library of Congress; and that the thanks of tuc House b3
tendered to the donor foi his interesting present.
Ordered, That the Clerk furnish Mr. Middleton with a copy
Of this resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. T1LL1NGHAST, from the same commit-
tee, reported, without amendment, Senate bill for
the relief of Ferdinand Pettnch-, and it was com-
mitted to the Coirmittee of the Whole House.
Mr. TRUMBULL, ¡rem ¡he Committee on \hs
Judiciary, leported, without amendm nt, Pénate
bill entitled "An act duec'mg an edition of ihs
iaws of the United S'aies to  be romoi'ed and
printed;" and it was committed to the Committee
of the Whole House on the s'üte of the Union.
Mr. G. DAVIS, from the select cotnmutee ap- i
pointed 10 inquire in'o ihe crus , and manner, and
circumstances of the removal ot Hpnry H. Syl-
ves'er, late a clerk m the Pension Office, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a till to prescribe
the mode of removing certain officers of ihe Gov-
ernment, snd for other purposes.
Mr. BURKE mnde a minority report.
The reports and the bill were laid upon the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on ihe
Judiciary, made an adverse rsport upon the pe-
tion of Henry H  Wi'liams.
Mr. ISAAC D. JONES, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Horace Witherell, and a bill granting a ncpsion
to Robert Poindexter; which were rev d twice, and
committed to the Committee ot the Whole House.
Mr. J. also made advert reports uoon ihe peti-
tions of Robert White and John Perb&m,
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claim-', reported, with amendments, the
Senate bill emitted "An act for the settlement of
the accou'iis of Bihs Deaae;" and he made a re-
port thereoa.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, submitted a resolution to lejeet the
prayer of the pe'inon of Somerville Pinkney, ad-
ministrator de boms non of James Williams; and
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, made a report upon the memorial of Fer-
dinand Liebert, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read a fmt and second time, and
committed to the Cmimit'ee of ihe Whole House
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Coram tree of Wajs
and Means, reported Senate bill for the relief of
Zichanah Jellison, without amendment; and it
was committed to the Committee of the Who'e
House.
Also, the bill for the relief of Robert Miller;
which was referred in like manner.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, leported, without amendment, Sena'e bill
entitled "An act for the re'iet of Daniel D. Bush;"
and it was com-mtted to the Committee ot the
Whole House.
Mr CROSS, (pursuant to notice heretofore giv-
en,) on leave given, introduced a bill to establish
a board of commissioners, to hear and examine
claims against th« United S'nt's; and it was read
twice, and referred to the Commit ee on Ihe Judi-
ciary.                                                  ,            „ ,
Mr. BREWSTER, from 'he Committee on Puo-
hc ¿inds, lo which was referred the petition of
James B Sullivan, of the State of Louisiana, made
a report thereof, accompanied by a bill tor his
relief; which was read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House.
He also reported, wi'hout amendment, fh° Sen-
ate bill for the relief of Roes B. Ward, which was
committed to the Committee ot the Whole Ho¿se.
He also made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of Enos Manning.
On the motion of Mr. STOKELY, the Com mt-
tee oa Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the Senate bill for the re-
lief of Enoch Hidden.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported, without amendment, ihe
Senate bills for the relief of Sebastian Buicher, and j
'h<" heirs and l gal representatives ot Birtholomew
Butcher, Michael Butcher, and Peter Bloom; and
ihe bill for tne tehef ot Gregoire Sarpy or his legal
.representatives.
He al o made an unfavorable report on the
petition of William C. Myin?, assignee, &3.
Mr. JOHN YOUNG, from thesam^commiue?,
mnde a report npon the petition of the heirs of
Piiihp Renaut, accompanied by a bill for their re-
lief; which was ieaa twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Who'e House.
Mr. A. H. H. STUART, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, made adverse reports upon the
pe itions ot Tbomas L L. Brent and E iza A.
Slade.
Mr. HALSKD, chairman of the Committee of
E'ecuonj, presented additional testimony in the dis-
pa'«d elpcuon ca^e of Mr.\LEvy, tae Delegate from
Florida                            \
PAY OF MEMBER^ OF CONGRESS.
A the adjournment of $ie ttouse ytsteidav, a
mofon was pending, winchV'asAnade by Mr. Wm,
B. Campbell, to recons der ^ba/voie by which Mr.
Arnolds b'U to reduce ihéjpay of members of
Congiess was ordered to be< engrossed; snd lhat
question bow cane up in order.
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL was entitled to the
floor; and he proceeded to address ihe House m
support of his molion, and in defence ot Mr. Ait-
NOiD from the attacks of gentlemen upon him and
upon his bill; and he at the same time expressed his
conviction that neither the pay nor the mileage of
members was too great.
Mr. C. then inquired how many Demo-
crats had voted to stop debate, and take bills out
of tne Committee of the Whole? They abused
the Whig-, for prolonging the session, and yet did
nothing themselves to bring it to a close. He de-
fended the extra session ¡rom the attacks made
uponi'. He considered thsa the Whig party had
been singularly unfortunate since Congress met in
1841. The Democrats bad rallied ihem on the
subject, and said that the hand of God was against
thet . He th-.ught things would change, and re-
imrKrd lhat it was a proverb, that God only chas-
tised ttiose whom he loved.
Hi replied to the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] who contended that
no'hingshould be paid to the members of Congress
until the army and navy were paid for services
ae'ually tendered. He took this as the tone of the
Administration. Congress mus! give the President
bis ship-mooey, or the bill paying them would be
vetoed. Nothing of this sort could drivp him from
his position. He hopiJ ih%. members would go
home «ltnout their moiwy, sooner than voteappro-
pualions for the large increase of navy officers, at
high salarie.-, which the President had chosen to
make. He proceeded for some time, commenting
upon the course of 'hose who had opposed this bill,
! nd had refused to allow it to be amended. He
corcladod by withdrawing his motion to reconsider
the vole (f yesterday.
Mi. READ regiettcd that he could not vote
more uncieistandiagly upon this bill. So many
gags had been applied, that no orue ccild under-
tta-id it. He, there.'oie, moved to postpone the bill
tul to-aiotrow. and that it be printed
Mr. STANLY called attention to a bill leported
from Ihe Committee ob Public Expenditures, re-
ducing the salaries of 'be omceis of the Govern-
ment generally.
Mr. PROFFIT moved the previous question;
pending wlsich motion—
Mi. SHIELDS obtained the floor, and renewed
'he motion 10 reconsider the vote ordering the bill
to its engrossment. He wished to have the bill
comraitt J, with instructions to report an amend-
ment, which he wished lead.
Mr. FILLMORE ra-sed a question of order
He contended tha' it was out of order for 'he gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Shield•>] to move a
reconsideiauon, when a motion for the previous
question was before the House.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion was ¡n
order, on the ground that the motion for the pre-
vious question had not been seconded; and, while
so, a motion for a leconsideration took precedence
over all others, except a motion to adjourn.
The point of order was debated by Messrs.
FILLMORE, JOHN CAMPBELL, HOPKINS,
STANLY, S. MASON, BARNARD, JACOB
THOMPSON, and SHIELDS.
On tiking the question, Shall the decision of tha
Chair siand as tae judgment of the House?—it
was decided in the affirmative: ayes 143, noes 34.
So the decision of tae Caair was affirmed.
The question recurring on Mr. Shield's motion
for reconsideiauon. the amendment proposed by
him was rerd, as follows:
"The following deductions shall be made from the salaries or
compensation of every ofhcei, civil, military, and naval, m the
employment of the United Stales, that is to pay, when the salary
or compensation of any officer amounts to or exceeds three
thousand dollars, the same shall be reduced 25 per cent; when
it amounts to tno thousand dolíais, aud is not equal to three
thousand dollars, the same shall be reduced 20 pei cent; when
it amounts to one thousand, and does not equal two thousand
dollars, the same shall be leduced 15 percent; and all salaries
or compensation unjer one thousand dollars shall be reduced
12| per cent.; except the pay of non-commissioned officers and
pnvates, petty olhcers and seamen, in the array, navy, and ma-
rine corps, and of day-laborers in the service of the United
States And in ati cases in which the Constitution exempts of-
ficers for a time from the reductions provided in this bill, the
scime shall take effect as to said officers as soon as may be ad-
missible under the provisions of Ihe Constitution applicable
llurelo "
Mr. SHIELDS said lhat it was not his intention
to consume the time oí the House in advocating
his amendment. It had been read, and the prin-
ciple it contained was easily understood. He had
voted for this bill with a good deal of reluctance,
though he was as much in favor of the objects of
it a? any member on the floor; and he thought that,
with proper amendments, it would prove a salu-
tary and useful measure of reform. There was no
member of the House but believed lhat it ought to
be amended in many particulars. For instance:
it proposed a redaction of 25 per cent, on the sal-
aiies of captains in the army, who do not receive
over five or six hundred dollars a year, including
rations. No one would deny that the working part
of our officers in the civil departments of the Gov-
ernment—he meant the clerks—were more poorly
paid, in proportion to the services they rendered,
than any officers of the Government; and that the
reduction ought to fall the heaviest on the highest
salaries. But this bill reduced them all alike.
Mr. S here repeated the graduated scale of reduc-
tion proposed by his amendment, which, he said,
exempted the private soldiers of the army, and the
common seamen of the navy. Tnere were also a
po.iion of the officers of the Government who were
protected from immediate reduction by ihe Consti-
tution—viz: thí President of the United States and
the judges of the courts. The amendment would
not affect the salary of the President till after the
expiration of ihe present term of service, nor would
it affect the judges now in office. It would only
reduce the salaries of their successors. His ob-
ject, Mr. S said, was to perfict this bill, so as to
render it a practical and salutary measure of re>
fonn, and to carry it out in good faith; and he was,
therefore, desirous of having the vote reconsidered,
that it might be amended in the House by general
consent, or commuted either to the Committee of
the Whole, 01 a select committee for that purpose.
There were now serious objections ensting against
it; and it bein? m the power of the House to re-
move these objections, the House ought to remove
tbem.
Mr. WALLACE moved to lay the motion of
reconsideration on the table.
The SPEAKER said that, if this motion pre-
vailed, it would carry with it the whole subject.
Mr. GENTRY called for Ihe ytas and nays on
Mr. Wallace's monon.
Mr. SEESON called for tellers on the question
of ord°nng tne yeas and nays; which having been
ordered,
'I he ques ion oa layir>g the motion for recon-
sideration on the table was taken; and resulted—
yeas 72, nays 114.
Mr. SALTONSTALL then addressed the House
in opposition to the bill ia all its parts; contend-
ing ¡hat members of Congress, considering their
absence from home, and the almost (otal neglect of
their private affairs, toge'her with the privation of
(heir domestic comforts, were not even sufficiently
paid. Tnere was but ©ne feature in the bill that
was founded on just principles—and that was to
I
