CONGRESSIONAL. «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
WEEKLY
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

MONDAY, AUGUST 1, 1842.
Volume 11 —No. 51.
Continued from JVo. 50.
tion of the subject, and it was*referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. The Committee on Claims
found no documents accompanying the resolution,
or nothing upon which a claim could be based,
and therefore ask to be discharged from the con-
sideration of the resolution. The somtmttes was
discharged.
Mr. P., from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, reported back, with an amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, an act di-
recting a warrant to issue for the bounty land due
on account of the sei vices of Major Gene1al Du-
porUil, Brigadier General Armand, and Major De
la Colombe.
Mr. P, also, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Richard K. Meade, deceased.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented several petitions
from miners on the mineral lands m Wisconsin
aad Illinois, asking that a boaid of comini^ioners
be appointed to examine in o the concusión of the
minual lands: laid on trie tab e.
Mr. T. also presented a petition from 'he Long
Island Railroad Company, praying Congreso to
allow a drawback on certain railroad non used in
the construction of that road refeired to the Com
mittee en Finance.
On motion of Mr PRF3TON, t >e S-nVe took
up for consideration t!,e followipg joint resoluiior 
Remlved by the Sen '/  and House of He°v esentativcs of
the United States of A tier ma in Congress asiembltd Hut
all sums hereafter appiopriated to ciriy into etfect steatieb for
the extinguishment of the Indian title to Ian i¡>, &hafl be inni"
bursed to the Ueasury out t f t ¡e ] t iceeds of t^c ^ales of ti &
lands acqimed by the tieaty under which the appiopnatnn is
made
Mr. WHITE thought this «uch an írtípor^nt
resolution, that it ought to be referred. It «fes a
proposition coming directly in coLÜict with tlft, dis-
tribution ac*. lb adaption would over'^ro v the
policy of that act. The resolution embraced a
question which was thoroughly discussed at the last
session, and rejected, when tue act was under con-
sideration. The identical proposition was then
distinctly made by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
King,] re olving that no portion of the pioceeds
from the lands bhould be distributed to ihe States
until the 'reasury was reimbursed the expenditures
in acquiring the land In tha face of this piece
of history, Le considered it a most extraordinary
proposition, that the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Preston] should w^h the Senate to take a
vote on a resolution, of a single short sentence, at
that time, revers ng the Whig policy of distribu-
tion, wi'hout even its reference to a committee.
He moved to refer it to the Committee on the Pub-
he Land5;.
Mr. PRESTON remarked, >n substance, t-atthe
resolution was not intended to undo the policy cf
that act: if was only intended that, m the future
extinguishment if fie Indian tules, the land ac-
quired should reimburse to tue trea<oiy the ex-
penses which nil te incurred m i s acq i"ution.
He said a «late of t-smgs had arisen, srch as com
pelled the Itgislative body to entertain this propo-
sition—such a state of things ss made it wise to en-
tertain the proposition A staie ot ihing-, had been
brought ti their knowledge, in winch they were
compelled to look to such repeal or modification of
that law as is contempisted by the resotu'ion. It
was known that the treasury was in a most impov-
erished condition Lo,ur f.a/e been resorted to,
and that recourse has beei foua 1 inefficient to keep
it from exhaustion. They could tit t rairy on the
Goverumea'. They had aathoiwel loans, t^mch
had not been taken, and, it w¿s feared, wouid not
be, under the present irauspic jus sUie of ihtn«s.
He asked, coaid it be presumed 'idt the fulfil.
ment of Indian treatie <, the pa} n - for l> e lands
acquired by treaty stipula ions x\ i t'ie Indians, and
the cost of b'inging them into market, cbuld be di -
bursed out of an exhausted treasuiy—aad yet, that
the proceeds of the sales of th'ss lands should be
distributed to the States, without first deducting the
cos'? Suppose a treaty pending for the acquisition
of Indian lands to cost one million of dollars: was
it to be said that a million oí dollars was to be bor-
rowed, and ultimately paid out of *he customs,
merely to enable Congress to extinguish Indian
titles to lands, that the proceeds of the sales there-
from might be distributed to the States! His dis-
position was to extinguish the Indian titles m all
the States and Territories, but could Congress go
on extinguishing these titles, by borrow ng money
or raising it from customs, while they were giving
away to the States the whole proceeds of the sales
of the lands acquired by such a resort? No! Pub-
lic opinion could not be so worked upon as to
sanction such a course of policy. It never could
become popular with the people. In all cases in
which land is purchased from the Indians, it is
worth more than it cost ; and, when sold, will
leave a large balance for distribution, after paying
the first cost. Would it not b  better at once to
distubu'e money from the treasury, th?n to take
this ciiemtous mode of doing it? If it was the pol-
icy of gen lemen to assume the debts of the States,
let them march boldly up to the question, meet
it, discuss it, and decide if upfn its naked merits;
sind not do it by indirection—as would be the case
if msney from the customs was tal en to extiugur-h
the titks to Iik4 an lands, to be d stnbuted to the
Sra'es. His purpose wis a single one: it wa> to
enable him to vo'e for the extinguishment ot the
Indian titles, which he ctiuld not do in the face of
the fact that the'e was nothing m tne treasury to
pay /or these land0, and that the men^y must te
eiihrr oorro?,ed oi raised from customs Suppose
a cace of half $ mil'ion of dollars to be raised for
the e i inguishment of the Ird.an title in toe States
of Indiana or Ohio. Is that sum in the treasury,
or i1- h to be borrowed or raised from customs for
the purpose? How eke is ¡t to be got' Are gentle-
men prepared to vote for the extinguishment of
that Indian title on such terms?
He called upon fais friends, who are in favor of
the measure of distribution, to consider what will
be the sense of die nation when it is known that,
m spue of the bankrupt state of the treasury,
money is to be borrowed or procured from cus-
toms, to buy land that it may be distributed.
Mr SMITH of Indiana asked if it w a  m order,
on a mere question of reference, to enter into the
general merits of the subject of a resolution.
Mr. PRESTON asked the Senator if it did no*
tccur to him, when his colleague was treating on
the general subject, that he was transcending the
hmi's of discus-ion on a question of reference
Mr SMITH said it did occur to him.
Mr. PRESTON did not wish to avail hinnelf
of the right which he had to reply to the remarks
of ih  S<nitor from Indiana [Mr White] He
thoogiit the prop r reference, if any was necssary,
would be to the Committee oi Im ían Affairs.
All kn°w very well iha*, m send rg the reso ution
to the Cornir.1 tee on Public Lands it would be
«ending it to a lion's den. He would, therefore,
feel bound to resist its reference to that committee.
Mr. ALLEN concurred en irely with t^e views
of the Senator from South Carolina on the im-
policy of takicg money from the common treas-
ury to extinguish the Indian title to lands. Such
a course wa  effectually an assumption of the
deb s oí the S ates, being liquidated by .ae rev
enues received into the nationpl treasury from
customs. He sup-srstsd to the Senator, however,
t at the objtct v. ouM not be reached by his res
o i'ion in i s prctent form, it only provided that
ti e charges upon ihe treasury for lands hereafter
u> b* acquired *hall be reimbursed to tne treasury
on cf the proceeds of the lands thus to b  ac-
quired Thas it might be twenty to twent}-five
yppvs before the money would be returned to the
treasury. It was for this reason that he would, at
a proper time, move such a modification oí the
resolution as would  secure to the treasury com-
pensation by a certain and immediate return.   It
was his purpose at the proper time to move so to <
amend the resolution, as to make all the public *
lands available to the public treasury—which, in the
language of   the Senator from South Carolina,'
[Mr. Prestok,] was[entire!y exhausted—so as to '
reimburse it for all the moneys paid from the cus-
toms tor the extinguishment of Indian titles.            '
Either the process must be continued, of purchas- '
ing Indian lands with the proceeds of the revenue
from customs, and oi distributing, by means of the
price of the lands, the revenue from customs, or
we must cease altogether to purchase lands from the
Indians.
This showed the impolicy of the distribution act.
He asked the Senator from Indiana, and those
with whom he acted, whether they would continue
to spend money from the treasury for lands—con-
tinue to borrow money on the credit of the Federal
Government—at a usurious rate, if at any rate—to
be spent for Indian lands, for the purpose of dis-
tributing to the States the proceeds of the sales of
thoss very lands? Would they do this, at the  sc-
rifice of every branch of the public service? He
could not believe it? As eager a  they were to
continue this odious policy of distribution, he had
yet a lingering hope that they would, under the ca-
lamitous state of things within their knowledge,
retrace their s'eps. If they adhered to the policy
of distribution, ihey would cease to buy a dollar's
worth oí lands from the Indians in the West, and
would thereby leave those States in which the In-
dian lands lie, trammelled in their action. There
was no Western man who heard him that would
¡•gree to postpone the extinguishment of the Indian
tide to lands within the borders of the States they
represent, longer than the ability of the Govern-
ment would enable it to do so, and to remove the
Indians to their new home.
He then adverted to the hypothetical case put by
the Senator from Soath Carolina [Mr Preston]
in relation to the Indian title in Ohio. He said that
Senator need not put the case hypothe'ically, for
the conclusion of a treaty to extuaguish the Wysn-
dott title in Oiio, was a matter of general iiotonety.
There is a district of Indian territory m that Siate,
about eight miles square, whica wan a mote m the
eye of the State, aad which should be ta!< n away.
The Government had purchased this tract, so far
as the agents of 'he Government cou!! accomplish,
that object. The extinguishment of Indian title
was a matter of national importance, as well a« of
th  utmost importance to the States in which the
lai ds lie. Congress was bound to purchase this
domain, because the States have been disabled
from doing it, and ihe interest of the State and its
people demands it. But as long as distribut on is
continued, how can ^u> h purchase be made, with-
out a vk 1 'tion of the Constitu'ion, in the distnbu-
t on of revenue from customs. He pomted out the
necessity for the amendment which he proposed to
offer At *hc prepe- time.
He considered tin  measure of distribution much
worse than either the measure of a national bank
or high tariff, and, m point of enormity, fully equal
to all the iniquitous measures of the last session.
He suggested the propriety c withdrawing the
motion of reference, for the purpose of enabling
him to offer his amendment, th^t the sense of the
Senate on the subject might at once be taken, with-
out deba'e.
Mr WHITÜ observed tHat his sense of duty had
ssdmom-hed him against making a motion to lay
the lotnt resolution en the tab'e, instead of meet-
ing it by a motion of reference. But he did so be-
cacse be thought it was not right that any direcf
vo e should be taken without the tallest discission.
He considered the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio nothing more nor less ihan an
indirect proposition to repeal ti>e distribution law.
Mr. W. proceeded, at co&< 'derable lergth, to
explain his views of the magnitude of the question.
Mr, PRESTON considered many of the Sena 
