CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
„*_____________________________________            i
80i                  ____________
alone. Wu i regard to the other question, in re-
lation 'o the «try-dock, he observed that it com-
manded itself to everv one. New York could not
be allowed to have two docks, when ether places
bad none at all.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, as a point of order, by a
reference to the rules, cotftended that the motion to
insist must first be put.
The SPEAKER agreed, but intimated that the
Hou«ie might consent to take a different coarse.
After some conversation between Messrs. LINN,
A.YCRIGG, and ADAMS,
Mr. LINN moved the previous question; which
was seconded, and the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER said that the mam qnestion
would be on insisting on the disagreement ef the
House.
The main question was then put and carried.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL observed that there was
but one appropriation bill remaining; and, for the
purpose of consid«nng that bill, he moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. J. COOPER appealed to his col eague to with-
draw his motion, so as to allow one hour for the
reports of committees.
Mr. PROFFIT hoped that the gentleman
would persist in his motion, and that the House
would give the preference to the appropriation
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL said that he would cheerfully
accede to the wishes of the House. He would
prefer, however, taking the question on his motion,
so as to take the sense of the House on the sub-
ject.
The question was then taken and carried.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ather-
ton of New Hampshire in the chair )
Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL moved that the com-
mittee proceed to the consideration of the bill "le-
galizing and making appropriations for such neces-
sary objects as have been usually included in the
general appropriation bills without authority of
law; and to fix and provide for certain incidental
expenses of the departments and offices of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes "
Mr. STANLY moved to take up the bill for the
reorganization of the army.
Mr. TURNEY moved to take up a bill, the title
of which was not heard by the reporter.
On taking ihe question, the committee decided
on latiog up the contingent appropriation bill, as
moved by ¡Mr. Inobrsoll.
And the bill having been read—
Mr. INGERSOLL entered into an explanation
of its details, after which, the committee proceeded
to consider it in detail.
The first section—being for one superintendent of
the northeast executive building, $250, and three
watchmen, #365 each—being under consideration,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
appropriation for the superintendent, $250; and in-
quired whether the Secretary conld not assign this
duty to one of his clerks.
Messrs JAMES and ADAMS opposed the mo-
tion; and, on taking the question, it was rejected.
The next item being for one additional clerk in
the First Auditor's office, one thousand dollars—
Mr. BLACK inquned of Mr Ingersou, whether
the-duties of this o<5ce were intellectual, or merely
mechanical?
Mr. INGERSOLL said that there was an ex-
planation unaer each head of expenditure. The
cleikships n the several Executive Departments,
consisted of actoun'irg clerks, corresponding
clerks, and recording clerks. The clerkship at
present under cons.deration was an accounting
clerkship.
Mr. BLACK lioked upon the cutíes of an ac
counting clerk as very little superior to manual la-
bor, and such as were performed by dozens of
young men on the Pennsylvania avenue for three
or four hundred dollars a year. It would b  im-
possible to regula e and reduce the salaries of the
clerks in the public offices by proceeding on the
basis of the salaries already established, for he
was well satisfied that Ihe present salaries were
not graduated in proportion to the importance and
value of the services performed.   He had  been
told that, in the War office, there was a clerk
receiving $1,400 a year, whose sole duty it was to
file away the letters received at the department,
and make a brief abstract of their contents on the
back of each of them. This was purely mechani-
cal. Another clerk received #1,000 a year for
merely recording letters. This, too, was little bet-
ter than manual labor He had also been told
that there were clerks in the various departments
who had duties assigned them requiring not only a
great amount of labor, but the exercise of great
skill and judgment, together with an intimate
knowledge of two or three foreign languages; and
these men received but two or three hundred dol-
lars a year more than those whose duties were
merely mechanical.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL made a few remarks
m explanation
Mr. GILMER thought that the object of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Black] could not be
attained by actien on the part of Congress. From
his investigation of the subject, he was eonvmced
that there were many clerks with li'erally nothing
to do On the other hand, many there were who
were incessantly and laboriously employed. Soma-
times, too, there was an excess of business in one
department, and a deficiency in another. He
thought that, instead of applying to Congress, the
remedy was with the heads of departments them-
selves. These officers should, instead of applying
to Congress for new clerks to assist them, in case
of an accumulation of business, transfer those al-
ready engaged from one department to another, in
which they might be temporarily employed to ad-
vantage.          •
Mr. BLACK submitted a brief explanation m re-
lation to his motion, wh ch was finally rejected af-
ter a debate, in which Messrs. LINN, CARDTH-
ERS, J. R. INGERSOLL, McKAY, CAVE
JOHNSON, BEESON, G. DAVIS, SALTON-
STALL, and CALHOUN took part.
Mr. BEESON moved to strike out that part of
the first section which created an additional clerk
m the First Auditor's office. He ca led on the
chairman who reported the bill, for mfoimation.
He desired to know what the revenue business
now requiring transaction at the Treasury Depart-
ment was, in amount, as compared with the amount
of business done m past years.
Mr. INGERSOLL answered, that he had no
other information than that received from the First
Auditor, and just read.
Mr. BEESON continued, in support of his amend-
ment, saying he should be cautious how he gave
the sanction of law to a temporary clerkship. It
takes from the chief of ihe department the discretion
and the responsibility which in such cases it is ne-
cessary he should be invested with. It was much
easier to create than to repeal offices. When the
revenue had fallen off so greatly, and was continu-
ing to fall off, he could not see the propriety of
creating additional clerks. To create additional
cl°rks in propoition to the increase of the revenue,
may be right, but to reverse that rule, was not the
reform we had been promised.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON offered an amendment,
the effect of which was to limit the legal existence
of the additional clerks authorized to be employed
by the bill, to the 2d April. 1843
Mr. IS\AC D. JONES opposed the motion.
He depiecaied part} di«eu-.sion, and hoped,
when the necessity was shown, that g ntlemen
would go on vynh the b 11.
Mr. A V. BROWN said the question with the I
gentleman iron Midland appeared to be, whether I1
they should or snould rot  t, ke tre repoit of the l|
committee,  without examination   or   dncu«ion   I1
This House was furu hed v,ith i?cts by the co-n-
mittee, and of tho efacts it hat   be ribht, and  I o   I
was giad to seo th^ deterrimation,  to judj" for i
itself.   He repudiated the  charge of acunp m a
party spirit, and advocated the amendment, which I1
would have the effect of extending the appropna   |
tion for this eleiksbip until Aprd next, before   I
which this Congress will be again in session             '
The debate was continued by Messrs JONES
of Maryland, JOS. R. INGERSOLL, CARUTH- ¡'
ERS, TURNEY, TILLINGHAST, and Mc-
KENNAN, and the amendment was agreed to.
On the next item being under consideration, in
the following words:
"In the Third Auditor'  office, three additional clerks—two at
£1,150each, and eneat$l,000"—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to fix the termi-
nation of these clerkships in July, 1843; which
was withdrawn, after 25 had voted in the affirma-
tive.
The next item was as follows:
"In the Fourth Auditor's office, one clerk on the navy pension
fund, at «1,000 "
Mr. GILMER said there was no pretence that
these clerks were required permanently; and there-
fore he hoped the committee would, in each item,
or in a general section, fix a limit to them.
After a few words from Mr. J. R. INGER-
SOLL, the item was passed over.
The next item was as follows:
"In the Fifth Auditor's office, two clerks under the act of 7th
July, 1838, at $1,000 each >
After a few words from Messrs. ADAMS and
J. R INGERSOLL, the item was passed over.
The next item was as follows:
"In the office of the Auditor for the Post Office Department,
twe clerks at $1 400 each, seyen clerks at $1,200 each, aud
two cleiksat $1,090 each "
This, on the motion of Mr J. R. INGERSOLL,
was stricken out.
Several other items in the Treasury Department,
with brief explanations from Mr. J. R. INGER-
SOLL, were passed over.
The next items were m the War Department,
the whole of which passed without discussion, as
did, also, all the items in the Navy Department.
An item in the Postmaster General's Depart-
ment was stricken out, provision having already
been made in the bill which has been passed.
The next items were for the Attorney General's
office, which passed with a brief explanation;
also a section making provision for a reporter
of the decision? of the United States Supreme
Court, at a salary of $1,250.
Sections 3, 4, and 5, weie passed over with brief
explanations.
Section 6 legalized the offices and employments
specified in the ioregoitg sections, until otherwise
provided by law.
Mr. GILMER renewed his suggestions on the
necessity of fixiEg a limit for these employments;
and he proposed to fix the "1st of July, 1843, except
where otherwise directed by this act "
After some remarks from Messrs. GILMER, J.
R. INGERSOLL, and McKENNAN,
Mr FILLMORE suggested to the gentleman
from Virginia to modify his motion, by inserting
3d July, 1844, so as to bring it to the closs of the
first session of the next Congress.
Mr. GILMER declining, the question was taken
on his amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr GILMER then moved to limit the appro-
priations to the 3d July, 1844; which motion was
adopted.
Mr ADAMS called the attention of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to the 28th section, legal-
izing he appointments of dragoman at Constan-
tinople and consul at London This he deemed
unnecessary, as the Constitution itself was suffi-
cient authority for them.
Mr J R INGERSOLL then moved to strike
oi,t t'p--pc'ion, and   to insert a proviso that the
Prenden' shah not allow more 'han §9,000 a year
i   m t*-e 'raswriaa at Con'tantmoplp, nor more than
02,000 a year to the consul at London.
1 Mi CVE JOHNSON wished to call the at-
! te«t n of the committee to th« fact that the con-
n - ?t London and Par's were the only consuls
| mo received salaries; and h  should like to know
1   wn> they shouid be pa d «alanés more than  any
other consuls'
I      Mr  JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL observed tha
t-e consuls to the Barbary powers were salaried
officers.
1      Mr JOHNSON was not aware of that fact, but
there might be good reasons for it, thoush he saw
I   none why the consul  at London  should be paid
more than the consul at Liverpool.    He moved to
I   strike  out ihe  appropriation for the  consul at
,  London, "02,000 "                                                
