CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           807
where it was necessary to put arms h their hands
Our security forbids it.
He thought that something was due to public
feeling and public sentiment m other sections of (he
Union, but mere was due to the delicate interests
in the section from which he came. Il was a sub-
ject on which every Southern man should feel a
great solicitude. We are not yet so very degraded,
so reduced to the necessity of employing those
whom the policy ot the country compel*, to be
kept in subjection, to fight the bat'les ot the coun-
try. If the nation could not sustain itself in time
of war without the aid of the African race, then
the condition of the white freemen of the country
must be fallen indeed s nee the period in which
they obtained their independence, without any
such aid. He hoped ih« amendment would be
adopted; if not, that the yeas and nays would be
taken.
Mr. WOODBURY said, as the yeas and nays
were not withdrawn, he wished to explain why he
would vote in favor of the amendment. Mr. W.,
after alluding to the feelings in the North touching
the negro race, "said, as to their political rights
there, he would ask whether, by the law regulating
the rmlitia service, they are allowed to be trained
to bear arms; or, whether they are ever appointed
militia officers? No such thing. Are they allowed
to sit on juries there, and aid in the administration
of justice? No. They we-e only employed in the
merchant service occasionally. Such is the feel-
ing between the white laborers towards them, that
you could not retain a white domestic, if he have
to be seated with the negroes Such was the feel- •
mg in New Hampshire, so Ur as he had been made
acquainted. In time of war, when all the great
toundations of tociety are in jeopardy, war makes
its own rules, a, it did in the Revolution All
unite to protect a common interest. War makes
Us own rules, as it áA in Rhode Island, to make
use of the negroes to put down the whites, who
were striking for suffrage.
Mr. TAPPAN believed the Senator from New
Hampshire was correct when he asserted that they I
were employed as servants. There was no instance
of blacks ever being enlisted m the marine corps;
then why the necessity of passing a law to pro-
hibit it? Why prevent them being used on any or
all occasions when their service is indispensable?
He was not in favor of fining a prohibition. The
officers migist be placed in a position where it
might be necessary to employ negroes. It might
be necessary to fit out some expedition in a hurry;
and the vessel not being fully manned, and to ob-
tain wive sailors b ing impossible, a resort would
have to be made to negro sailors.
Mr. BAYARO suggested to Mr. Calhoun to
except negroes foi servants also; a"d the ■sugges-
tion was agroed to
Mr. SIMMONS said it was suggested by the
Senaior from Connecticut that a resort was made
to a regiment of negroes in Rhode Island, to defend
the constitution against the Suffrage party. He
denied such 'o be the case; but said that a number
of negroes m Providence volunteered themselves to
defend the property of that place from the torch of
the mcndiary, which it was apprehended would
be applied.
IVIr. B1GBY ma.dü some further remarks on the
' peculiar importance cf this question as touching
Southern ustitutions, and in  favor of a positive
en<(c mjtU 'o prevent the negro race from being
nitíúcteá b> toe Federal Gavcnment in the art of
wir.
VIr PHELPS oflerel some fuctaer arguments
aga'T-t ihe aroenc'iiT-'it
fir SMITH of Connecticut rsaie som  further
icmarka, argimg thr>, it the employment ot ne-
prop-, il any tend "icy at ¡-P, it wou'd be to de-
,-i de the whit" sa,br. Tney w re sufficiently
dJ£,raded by the ten lency of t^c laws, as now en-
s-t\i ?rd admirn ered, withojt caosng them to
be minted wit1  the n'gio rac- He then advened
,, (he °'l oeral and fcn d<-raocnnr po'icy ot not
pe -an ing he wh.ts sailor n be Uni rd S'a'es
vtvee to be p'ac d in a lire if promotion for
m<-'i'0MJus conduct. He would rather fee that
allied
The amendment of M.. Calhoun, prohibiting
the enl.stment of ne?ro¿, in the naval ?nd marine
service, except as servants, stewards, and cooks,
was adopted, on yeas and nays, by the following
vote, viz:
TB4.8—M s«is Allen, Aicher, Bagliv, Barrow, Bayard,
Benton. Berrien, Calhoun, Conrad, Cuihoort, Fulton Graham,
King Linn, AUngmn Pieston, Rives, Sevier, &mith of Con
necttcut, S utgeon, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, and Young—
24
NAYS—Me srs Bates, Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Dayton,
Evans, Mtllw, Phelps, Poittn, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tdppan, White, Wi!ham«, and Woodbndge—Í6.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments of the committee of the whole were
concmred m
Mr. PRESTON moved an amendment prohibit-
ing the er..istment of negroes in the army; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CUTHBERT desired to have some expla-
nation of the bill. He thought that, before fixing
any policy permanently, a full knowledge of its ob-
jects and tendency shou'd be known.
Mr. BAYARD explained the bill—one provision
of which was to punish those who entice men to
leave the service, or harbor them, and allows the
officers recruiting to administer the oath, instead of
resorting to a magistrate.
Mr. WILLIAMS «as understood, in further ex-
plaining the bill, to say that it was, in some meas-
ure, to do away with the practice of wresting, by
habeas corpus, fro' i the service of the Govern-
ment, certa n classes of persons who enlist for the
bounty, and afterwards try by that report to get
clear.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading.
THE TARIFF BILL. *
On motion ot Mr. EVANS, the revenue bill
was taken up, and its consideration, in 'committee
of the whole, w&s resumed; the question 'pending
being on Mr. Calhoun's amendment to thjS Finance
Committee's amendment, which was tofreduce the
duty on imponed cotton bagging, or its substitute,
from 5 cents to 3i cents per square yard; Mr. Cal-
ho n's pioposition being to substitute 2 cents per
square y aid.
Mr. MOREHEAD, being entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate at considerable lergtfa; and,
in the course of his remarks, observed that no one
was more desirous than he was to preserve the
kindly feeling-, which have so long subsisted be-
tween the Western States and the South.
It had been contended by the Senator from
South Carolina, that the duty pioposed by the bill,
on cotton-bagging, would be entirely prohibitory;
and, consequently, not for revenue, but for exclu-
sive protection. For this reason, and with a view
of making the duty one of revenue alone, he had
proposed a reduc ion of the duty to 2 cents per
square yard.
But this was a bill prepared by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House, on a proposition and report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury himself, with a single eye to
the production of revenue. It was not, therefore,
a proposition of any fr end of the home interest,
or'the manufacturers of bagging in Kentucky. It
came frorr the Secretary of the Treasury. He it
was who had proposed 5 cents per square yard as
a duty for revenue, and it was so adopted by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and so viewed
by the Finance Committee
Assuming the cotton bagging/ or its substitute,
imported, ft taree Millions of square yards, the
duty here'ofore existing would amount to$104,000,
at 34 cents per «qoiare yard The proposition of
the Secretary of the Treasury was to increase the
duty 14 tent p°r squar. yard with a view of in-
creasing tne revenue g4">,000, and thereby raisin?
from that arfóle of consumption $149,000. Th's
was its pu'po'e; and how, «hen, could it be viewed
a  ¿> duty for n> election?
With regar 1 to tne dcc'ara'ion of his colleague,
ye«erda>—'"> ', without iu'lbe. protection, the
manufacturing establ.s! mentí of the West, en-
gaged in the bagiing business, must go d^wn—be
felt bound to say that he fully concurred in tnat
opinion. Regarding it, then, as a question of rev.
enue, in the adjustment of which it was neces-
sary to give incidental protection, he did not know
a more legitimate occasion for exercising that sisa
discretion. By encouraging and protecting thu in-
terest, a great national interest is also encouraged
and protected. This paramount interest of Ken-
tucky and Missenri was one which, if upheld,
would, m a very short lime, furnish to the South an
article at a price so much lower, that the South
would have reason to be well satisfied.
As to the duty of 2 cents, which it is said would
be but 20 per cent., all must seen would be wholly
inefficient for either revenue w mciden'al protec-
tion. If a rate of duty of 20 per cent.*oe adopted
on all the leading articles imported, a necessity
would be created adverse to the true principles of
the compromise act, which never centemplated a
resort to direct taxes, and, to keep down duties to
that rate, (20 per cent.,) under such circumstance*
as the present, would be to render direct taxes in-
evitable.
Mr. BAGBY considered the conclusion irresisti-
ble—that this was a duty for protection, and not
for revenre. This was deducible not only from
the remarks of the Senator who had just sat down;
but from the admissions of his colleague yesterday,
if the fact were not otherwise too palpable to de-
ceive any one. He was opposed to protection in
all its forms, whether it was called direct protec-
tion, or incidental protection. Where is the dif-
ference between a direct duty to exclude linpor-
tation^and so laying a tariff as to reduce imports
and diminish the sources of revenue, tor the sake
of encouraging home manufactures? It could be
only in ihe degiee The country hud not vet
reached that climax of stupidity, m which it could
balieve that to tax ths people heavily is to pro-
mote their prosperity. Lot k at the petitions and
memorials under which the tables of Congress are
groaning, and ask from what quarters do they
come. Is it from the South? Not at all. They
all come from Northern and Eastern manufac-
turers; and their object in calling for incidental pro-
tection is very well understood. As the Senaior
from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] very justly
remarked yesterday, it is bad enough for them,
in their application, to try to d"bauch our un-
derstanding, but it is worse to attempt to pick our
pockets, under the guise of doing us no harm. To
come to the simple question at last: if an ar-
ticle is taxed to such extent as to raise up a home
interest, which is to supersede the importation of
an article heretofore supplying revenue? doe  it not
amount to a direct prohibition? and h>-*¿ juoI a.í
much express protection, as if it were called such,
instead of incidental protection?
He did not speak with disrespect of the great
staple of Kentucky and Missouri—hemp; for he
knew the value of that staple in a national point
of view. But if it came to a question whether the
interests of a very few ind,vidua¡s m those StaWs
should predominate over the great ?nd all import-
ant interests of the South—that interest which had
become the great staple of the whole country—
he could not hesitate in the decision he should
come to,
The Senators from Kentucky had declared that
the bagging factories in the West were m a sicking
condition, and that, without this protection, they
must irretrievably go down. Who does not sse in
this the full admission of the whole principle of
protection? This duty of 5 eenh is to be given for
their protection, or they perish. Then it is not for
revenue the duty is demanded, but to protect the
interest which the 23 or 24 manufacturers of Ken-
tucky have in the manufacture of hemp bagging.
It can only be by excluding that which is a source
of revenue that they can be benefited; and the ob-
ject is to benefit them; therefore it is antagonist to
an object of revenue.
Is there no source of industry but that of man-
ufactures? Is there no industry among the farmers
and planters and laborers of the country? Are
they looking for pro'ection to build up or encourage
¡heir labors? Do they ask to be encouraged by
contributions levied for the purpose, in taxation on
other classes of índustiy  No such thing Th«
ebiectisto throw the mantle of protection, wh>ch
this Government affords, over the mercantile capi-
, 1 of the country, at the sxpeuse of the agrie u>-
ural industry of the country.
