>u, m        -y   ■ i.   .   u            ..   ■   i
at the same time to discriminate in such a mannei
as to protect the manufacturer against the compe-
tition which an influx of foreign articles wou'd oc-
casion. It was at that time, wh te he (Mr Kino)
was in favor of £uch a system, that be was reluc-
tantly compelled to vote against the bill, in conse-
quence of his disapproval of the minimum rate
of duty fixed by the bill. What was the rate
of duty then laid upon this aiticle in that bill—
a bill looking for revenue? It was 20 per cent ad
valorem, and they had gone upon this, system until
1824, when a new act was passed, and new inter-
ests having sprung up, and become enlisted in thf>
effort to procure an act not so much for revenue
as for protection, and the rate oí duty upon cott n-
baggwg was men made 3i cents a yard Hist
was the minimum, and, under this system, so great
were the pronto, that manufacturing establishments
continued to increase They all knew \ -sat was
the feeling m 1828. Moic protection was then the
cry, and, through thp irsfluenc* oí the piotective
principle, without reference to revenue at all, a
duty was imposed higher than a / man at this day
could pretend to justify The duty upon th s ar-
ticle was then raised to 5 cents per yard, bm th-y
were told that the necessity for so high a ra'e
Would cease in a few year's, and that it would be
reduced to a low rate—a rate sufficient for reve-
nue, and revenue alone
By the tariff bill of 1832, it was brought down
to three cent  and a half a yard and v hy was it
so brought down? Because, as the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means then said—and
said truly—the man  facturen, of that artic'e had
then got hold of the market, that tbty were en-
abled to manufacture it on such term? as would ex-
clude the foreign article Píow th  p oposnun
was to increase toe duty again to five ce us And
why? Had Kentucay faikd to fino a market? No
one would pretend to say that she does no dr ve
out every compet tor, even hi'c demanding tour
or five cents more a yard Wn was paid ior that
furnished by Dundee He would ask Senators,
then, what was the object which they had in view?
Was it pro ecuon that thty desired? Pro ection
was not reqaired. Wbj, then, ^bould 4hey be so
anxious to impose a tax which did no„ benefit them
one cent? lie (Mr K) did not ?gree with gen-
tlemen that the imposition of this duty wou d put
that amount of money in lie poekets oí the manu-
facturéis. He dii noi desire '0 relieve hid portion
of the country from 'heir tair ani just proportion
of the burden of furnishing revente i<r the Gov-
ernment He should continue lo act upon the prin-
ciple «lib which fap had set out.
They were 10 d that the nere sitv for a mgber
duty arose from the manufacture of a new 1 tic e,
which supplied the place of cotton ba^gn , vi7
gunny-cloth But, m the Irst pUc, tij artu e
was of inferior quality. His o.vn experience hid
proved this, and n  knew, a «0 t .a. the pbnt°is
in his S ate, generally, gave the ptucrtu„t to tie
Scotch bagging
As revenue mu>t be fain sued, an I as, 1 0 d^ubt,
large quanntie  of bagging would b-1 biousV 111*0 this
country, let the Senator folios/ up ais own prop si-
tien, and fix the duty at 30, cr even 33J pei cen
ad valorem, and ther  wou d be no very stiong ob-
jection even on this side of the nouse ¿hey were
disposed to go to such a rat  of dutv as would
bring the greatest amount of revenue into the
treasury, bat it a sufficient quantity could not be
furnished a' home, without raising the duty to an
exorbitant rate, 1' woal 1 be necessary to bring it
from abroad
The p ¡position was, that ioe imposition of duties
would not have the eftect of enhancm" the pncp
of the article. But we were olac~ J m circumstance";
which rendeied it necessary to procure a laire rev
enue. And even thougn it b uld bea" somewhat
oppressive y on his portu n t f the country, yi t he
would not, on that accoi.nl, rt-> si it lie had r s n
■simply to state that, wM e 1 e was willing to give
his support to the propositioi r<e nu^t, neverthe-
less, protest against niak! ig a distinction, and lay
Ing high duties upon par iculai articles Gentle-
men ought not to push this matter to ex remes They
should look to the report of the committee of the
House of Representatives, rather than to ths rec-
COjN&RESSIONAL GLOBE.
oramendation of the Secretary of the Treasury
He (Mr King) placed much greater reliance on
the judgment ot th" Committee on Manufactures
of th" House, tnan upon the Senate committee
Mr RIVES addressed the Senate at consideri-
ble length In the co irse 0'his remarks, he ob
served 'hat, while he was in favor of free trade in
the general, he was opposed to the breaking down
of any institutions wh ch had grown up under a
d fferent svstem If, therefore, he cou d, in the
pursuit of ihe mam object of revenue, witnout 1m
pairing that object, give incidental protection to
the industry of the country, h  would do it But
he wps uuerly and uncompromisingly oppose I to
anyth 112 in the nature of prohibitory du'ie.. Th s
duty ot five cents ¡>er square yard on imported
baggmcr, he looked uoon as a most flagrant in-
stance of prombitory duly. He could not con-
ceive a more palpable violation of the compromise
act
While tne Kentucky -nanufactures were strug-
gling toobtain his, u'just duty, they wouldforcp the
cotton growers to the necessity of turning their at-
tention to the manufacturing of a cheaper fabric
out of the refuse cotton of their own plantations
These Kentucky manufacturers, in the end, would
find t'iat they had destroyed their own business,
instead of having procured the protection and en-
couiagement which they expected. Such must
ever be the consequence of pushing things of this
rature to extreme He conceived the interests of
hot 1 the manufacturers and the cotton-plaiters
would be best consulted by coming to some com-
pr ran e That which he would suggest would be
tj agi"" upon a duty of 3 cent  per square yard
He t ought all the duties pioposed in this bill by
far too high He .ho ild feel himself always bound
to look to existing mteiests witu what iavoi he
cou' but his ¿(t dt t bj «,'woull be to raüe írom
dutt thi ¡.itatfcst ainou it of n venue—yielding
such incidental p otection as would k'fp these
branches of industry from going down which fie
voluntary legi la len of Coigrcss had heietofoie
built up
Believing th" compio nisc act to have been one
of the roost salutary and peace-estab'ishmg com-
promises ever made, he wrs in favor of adhering
to it in the true national spirit which had been so
nobly evinced by the gentlemen oí the South ia
this body to day H  ag <">d with tne Senatoi from
Al barm [Mr Kinoj m the sen'iments h  hid so
we 1 expressed op this subject He a ked the S°n
ator^ from th' No-'h iDd East if they did not ieel
tarmseli-es bound to ^jme forward and meet this
spju' with reciprocal magnanimity Ought they
net all to m t on one common ground of patriot
ism, \n<\ atijiut this bill for the benefit of the
coun' j 2
He a luded 'r an expression thrown out he oth^r
day by ih" Stnator iiom Rr-jde Island, [Mi Sim-
vons,]c)ii et ing rumoio mat aijihmg dine wit>i
respejt to this measure i*ou d be unavailing Buf
of ih 5 he kit w nothing, he had vowed that be
woald know no ha g ot that nature in advance
But h= cadel upo 1 those who had it il their power
tj 1 isnre its "oopt 0 1, to rom" ft 1 w rd on the prts
ent o"l1 10 , incline to ihe courny that Deacc
v mcb, io s j much a  ded end demane'ed is tms
utamom-rt 1 jut, ify tne cal 1 lie had been m
duced, by the otror g icelings he entertained m this
subject >o enleavor to arous  that saint of p?'n-
ot >h wnit b h-" ha i so long regretted to see slum-
btnng T"í> nobie sr 1 tímente of his friend from
Alabama [ v5 Ki\a] had insoirca him wi 1 hopes
which ae 1 a' not diied toiiuul'e ior meny a day,
taat some coalmen ground of comoromt^e and con-
es i>n oj I be adopted far settling ihi^ great
mcatue He cou d not approve of th amend-
ment prorjo  c b> 1 f S  lito' 'rom South Caroli-
na, and, if t a ae e ujected, he would h mself
piovp an imenl ie >, which vvou'u conform tc the
csmproiiseof 1S;2 Be would prefer 3 cents per
'qua>-d jard, but, nece sary, woald go as far
as 3 i
Mr CALHOUN maie a <ew remark:, m exp'a-
nation, not distmctly heard
Mr. SíMMONá expiamed tha the reductions
under tae compromise act, to 1840, did not bring
80§
down the three and a half cents duty of the act of
1832 more than two mills in the square yard.
Mr WOODBURY observed ¡hat the tariff of
1828 did not impose more than four cents per
square ynrd—not coming up to the five cents pro-
posed by this act He showed, by a reference to
many items of this bi 1, that it was more directly a
bill of protection than the act of 1838 In fact,
this bill wps grounded on the act of 1828 Tne
minimum, he admitted, was not so high, but, m
many instinces, tl-ie maximum was much bighef.
The duty on tea and coffee was lower, but teh
reason was, that there was nothmg to be proiected
When specific duties are considered, it must be
recollected that the value of the articles n, lower
than it was in 1824 or 1828. Another thing to
be cons dered was, that, when the value is to be
asceitimed, the coaimioSions are added in this act,
thou0li excluded in former tauffs.
Tne declared value and official value of British
articles were then the same, but the real value now
wae> only half the official value Tats was the re-
sult ol a state of peace. He showed the effect 6n
bagging The fall m value has grown out of the
competition While this bill is holding itself out
a* a bill for revenue, it is, m reality, more a bill for
protection than the acts of 1824 or 1828, and, at
the same time, it affects to iavor agriculture, by
putting a farcical duty on cheese, and butter, and
a few other things never imported, and the duty
on which can have h tie or no effect as dut es for
revenu . The whole duty on bu'ter is not more
than §700, and on lard, the whole amount of duty
foi the United States v ill be the enormous sam of
one dollar ' Everybody can see that it is al' hum-
bug
Mr CRITTENDEN, in reply to the Senator
''rom New Hampsh'ie, remarked, tfat tbe Senator
looked upon Ihe act of 1828 as an act of abomina-
'ioas It was a bill he says, for protection, and
not for revr r ue Yet, on that bill he voted in the
yeas and nays aga nst the opponents of the meas-
uie He was now the gentleman who infers odi-
um on this bill, by drawing down upon it the odium
attached to that act.
Ar the date of the compromise act, the duty on
couon-baggmg was three and a half cents. The
duties of that ac exceeding 20 pet cent were to
be reduced by b ennial ui&ialaients. He would
a 1 th* Senator, was this duty of three and a half
cen s to be reduced uider that rule? JJe believed
the duty of three an 1 a half cents wa^ never coñ~
sidered more than 20 per cent on the article of
bagging The Senator admib that the average
dutieb of this ml' exceed 30 per cent If an in-
creased revf-nue, to meet the increased demands on
tbe treasury, be neeessiry, wb" should not the duty
on bagging b« raided, as walla that on the other arti-
cl s He reverted lo the lei erhe had read-yesterday,
showing that seven pence w s the price of Scotch
baspiog at Dundee—equal to fifteen cents here.
That does not add th  cost of ch^ges, nor does it
take into account tbe da "r nee between the square
j aid arm running y&rd, ba* let the one go against
the o her
Mr CrtLHOUN said seven penes was not tha
ncr oe 1842
Mr ClllllENDEN continued It was (he aver-
se of tea 5 ear      He read the statement again.
Ic qjoted the price of 1842 at six and  a half
penre
Mr WOODBURY explained IhV in 1828 he
had denounced the wnole tanfl bill fiom the start,
ind bad voted again t its oa sage Y/hen it was
unaer discu n 1, he had, no 1 oubt, for some partic-
ui-r nasors lh"i¡ e?iD mg, v ted on some of the
>men *í -en s,—he bcl ev"d that in relat on to wool-
lei waouiie—ajsms sjme oí 'he opponents of the
s >reiii  du ie 
Tu di ty on cotton-b-gging now proposed, is
aetuiilly 60 pc ce't If if was necessary to go
. \ o c 2J p r ret, he would prefer tne horizontal
cale, because he wa  opoosed to any favoritism,
lie firmij believed that 25 per cent, of horizontal
uuty would produce more revenue than the duties
of this bill, ranging from 30 to 100 or 150 per
cent
Mr WALKER wished to mention one fact
The duties proposed by this bill were vastly higher
