Strikeout to the middle of the eighteenth line, and insert
"within three years from the time of importation Provided,
That no iron snail be considered as railroad iron, but such as is
prepared to be laid permanently on lailroads or inclined planes,
without further manufacture, and spikes, pins, and chains
shall not be considered as railroad uon "
Mr. BERRÍEN further-explained the nature of
this amend merit
It was asked why should iron laid down on rail-
roads be exempted from duty? He would reply,
for the protection of the industry of the country.
It was withholding from a portion of the industry
of the country (the iron manufacturers) a bounty at
the expense of another portion of the industry of
the country.
That portion of the country which has perfect-
ed its railroads, and enjoyed the benefit ot laws
which gave them the advantage of importing their
iron, now come forward to prohibit the railroads
of the South from the same benefit  He called for
the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The subject was further debated by M =jrs.
MILLER, BERRIEN, and BUCHANAN.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to amend the amerd
ment at the close of the section, line 17, after the
word plan, "the construction of which has been
already commenced, and which shall be neces>ary
for the completion of the same."
This amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, as amended, and resulted in the negative—■
yeas 14, nays 32, as follows
YEA.S—Messia. Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Calhoun, Cuth-
bert, Fulton, Graham, Mangum, Pieston, Sevici, Tallmadge,
Walker, Wright and Young—14
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bairuw, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Choate Clayton Com it Oiafc*, Orillen len,
Dayton, Evans, Huntington Keir I inn, Momck, Miher,
Morehead, Phelps, Poiter, llive^ toimmono, Smith of Con
necticut, Smith of Indiana, feprague, Stuigeon, Tappan,
White, Wilcox, Williams, and Woodbridge—32
The next amendment wa  on iron in pigs, in-
stead of $10 per ton, to insert $9 per ton, which
was rejected.
The next was to strike out "on plates or sheets
of which copper is tha material of chief value,
and on patent sheathirg metal composed in part
of copper, 2 cents per pounc "
Mr, WRIGHT hoped the amendment would be
adopted. He cmld not, at so late an hour of the
day, detain the Senate to debate it, but would call
for the yeas and nay?.
The yeas and nays were ordeied, and the ques-
tion was decided in the negative—yeas 21, ns>ys
25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Ba by, Bmton Burlen, Calhoun,
Fulton, Graham, Km0) McRoberts, Prest n Rives, fe viei,
Smith of Connecticut, Tallmadge Tappi v\ Jker, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright and Young—21
NAY — Messrs Archer, Barrow, Uates Bayard, Choate
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Onttenden Dayton, Evans Hunting
ton, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead Phelps Por
ter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, sprague, Bturgeon, White,
and Woodbridge—25
The next was, instead of 20 per cent ad va-
lorem on watches and watch materials, to insert
74 per cent, ad valorem, which was rejected.
!he next was, to change 124 per cent, on dia-
monds to 7 per cent , which was rejected.
The next was, to change 20 per cent, en gems,
pearls, or precious stones, to 7é per cent, which
was also rejected
The next wa«, to include among sugar , brown
clayed sugars; which was a vo rejected.
The next was, among artic'es exemp ed fiom
duty, to include flaxseed, which was als> rejected
The next war, also to i iclude "plates or shee s
of copper "suited and designed for sbrathmg ves
seis, and patent metal sheets used tor the «ame
purpose; which was also rejected.
The next was, irnkm¿ the drawback oi fore gn
sugarr flned m the United States, "equal amoant
to the day paid en the foifign sugar ¡-¡n  . en
it shall be manufacturer1, ana no snore, to as-
certained under «jch reg.ilatun  as soa'l b  p --
scribed by the Secretary o ,h  Ti-asurj," lUch
was also rejected.
The next was, to riciude in p" ij valciem dp v
authorized by the ae',' a "r n< - oí coTniss o -  a'
the usual rates," as the po e value "a* tie port
where the same may be entered," «hich  « a' o
rejected
Mr. BUOIANAN moved to strike en the 27th
section of the bill; waieh reads as follows:
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Anil be tt further enacted, That the proviso to thesitth
section of the act entitled ' An act to appropriate the procee Is
of the sales of the public land and to giant pre eraption rignts,"
approved September 4th, 1841, be, and the same is heieby,
repealed
Mr. B. said he hid a few words, and but a few
worda, to ay on that subject, but as it migh' give
rite to ticbite, Le would move an adjournment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 30, 1842.
The following bills., returned trom the Senate
with amendments, were severally considered, and
tfee amendm-uts >vere agreed to-
Tne bill to coasiitu e the ports of Stoning on,
Mystic river, and Pawcatuck into a collection dis-
trict.
The bill to regulate arrests on mesne process in
Washington county, D  C.
Tae bill to au honze tie Sh-nandoah Budge
Company, at Harpcr'o Ferry, to erect a bridge over
'he lands of the United States.
The following bills from the Senate were seve-
rali/ read twice, and leferred
Tne bill to protect the re enites, and prevent the
charges upon the treasury of the Post Office De-
par t"ent
The bill to provide sah^faot on for claims aris-
nig under the 14th and 19th articles of the treaty
ot Dancug Rebb t creek
Tne bill fit to" relief of William H. Robertson,
Daniel H Garrow, %nd J. W ¡yytpmgtrn.
Th" bill to auil oriza the Sol ci'or of t' e Treas-
nry to at ¿«st and compromise the claims of the
Ui'tid Sutes pj&inst !Iei>ry Daniel and Thüma¡>
Triple t jr
The bil1 re attng to land m the Greensburg
di trie1, Louisiana
lbs bill tor the relief of Hu^-o Krebs.
The bill to amend the act supplementary to the
act to «m-ind tl e judicial system of tiie Uitted
States-; and
The bul to regulate appeal  ?nd writs of error
rathe district court of the United States for the
normern aistric cf Alabama.
The act supplementary to ihe act for the relief of
Clark Woodroot wps, by general cogent, carried
thiough ill, diriVen' stages, and passed.
The SPEAICER announced that reports from
standing comm ttees weie m order
Mr HARRIS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a report, accompanied by a bill, con-
cerning the Stockbndge tribe of Indians, and
moved that the repor' and bill be printed, which
was agreed to.
Mr. A. V. BROWN wished to make in appeal
to the House to take up Senate bill 269, relative
to the paj ment for horses lost, &c. in the Florida
war. A great many honest claimants were inter-
ested, and he hoped that, if the bill were taken up,
an amendment might be agreed on, which, he
thought, would obvute all objections to its pas-
sage
Mr STANLY objected, and the motion was not
received.
Mr. CARuTuERS, from  the  Coiimitee  oi
Foreigi AlTair1-    j  *u ch  bad been i^ft-nec'  the  |
resolution   nil,   «ubji t of tbeTv.x,1"   ooui   i
nicut arepoit mdUuI n; witb a rso u in   t  .    it    ,
,s mf  jediea tj conuiui. lis  rm 1110^ oí  htlm^it
pre                                                                           I
Mi   TALIAFERRO, fon. tne  Cimmitt e 013
P v(lut o i-iy C'ajn <■, repo  edabiilfo   the relie
ot Sherry Tipton, \ uic. was read t v,e°, ¿nd ve-
I f-r ed.                                                                      1
Mi T, frT-i'he same committee, made advene  ;
repor s o 1  V ¡eiUoi^oi >sarah JAn.on and J
/tCLlunt-                                                                  I
Mr G DiV        i'or\  ttii   Commi.tef  on  the  I
Tt noi^ii,,     ea     '   ' f ' h -'lig 1 grant of
t 10 to s  titer     Hs;ti~tir   to t 11 corporation of that  j
eitv, f f  ie    1   f il,  C t ji   cuaich. read twiu,
n l fe rrre 1
3''-. MORR'S rid, - u e<. oiar'e reports on th
pumei   ci  Tt in Mcvj eiaht 3, Mary   Jone>-, ata
Dai d T n llo
' 1 Alt OLD f-orr t¡° ^ leet Conm.ttee to
*h ,iwa ref-t'ed \h> oil icflucing ue ny and
mueage of sLembers. oí Cougress, and of tne civil,
815
military, and naval ofBcers of the Government, re.
ported the same with amendments; wjiich were
read.
[The amendments provide that the billshall take
effeu from the 5th day of November next, instead
of 5th December:
That the pay of members of Congress, which is
reduced by the bill to §6 per day, shall cease du-
ring their absence from theirrespectiveHouscs,ex-
cept in case of sickness of themselves or families,
or when excused by the House, and
The following scale of reductions for the sala-
ries of the several officers of the Government is
proposed m lieu of that m the original bill-
l^t From and after the 1st day of January,
1843, the pay and emoluments of ail -the officirs of
the Federal Government in the civil department,
excepting ofBcers of the diplomatic corps serving
abroad, the Commissioner ot Pens ons, and officers
whose pay and emoluments do not exceed the sum
of $1,000 per annum, and thosj the reduction of
whose salaries is prohibited by the Constitution,
shall be ríduced at the following rates- Officers re-
ceiving salaries of $3,000 and up wards, shall be re-
duced at the late of 20 per cent, less than $3,000
and over $1,000, 124 per cent Provided, That no
officer shall be reduced below $1,000 per annum,
and that no officer, excepting those of the diplo-
matic corps, shall, after the 1st day of January,
1843, receive for salary, fees, emoluments, or per
quisites of omce, a greater compensation for any
one year than $5,000.
21 That wheie an officer receives a given per
centum, the rate per centum shall be reduced
20 per cent, excepting deputy postmisters whose
cümpsnsdi ons a¡e le^a than § 1,000.
3d That all ex¡ en«es, o.her than saUnes of of
fieers of the judiciary, shall be reduced SO per
cent, and all perquisites, tees, and eosts which the
Urn ed S ates r*ay be required to pay on process
issuing from the courts of the United States shall
be reduced 20 percent.
4th. That the pay of all the officers of the navy
and at my shall be reduced 20 percent, for pay,
rations, and other perqui-ttes, except where an offi-
cer receive-  le-s than tworauons, and, in that ca^e,
his allowance for rations shall not be reduced
5th. No officer of the army or navy shall be
allowed a greaiei sum than six ctnts pei mile for
tiansportatioa of baggage, and salaried civil offi-
cers shall receive no other pay or compensation
th n the salaries allowed therrr by lanq__________
Mr ARNOLD observed that he thought the
rao't proper course to be taken with this bill would
be to print it, ana ass pu it tor the earliest day con-
sistent with the convenience of the House Gen-
tlemen, be said, would have to meet this case, and
he thought they had better do it With as little delay
as possible For himself, he w?s ready to meet it
now, but as gentlemen, no doubt, would prefer
being acquainted with its details lully before they
acted on it, he wou'd move 10 have it printed,
and made the order of the day for Monday
next Every gentleman who thought proper could
also supgest s 'ch ^m'ndments as he deemed neces-
sai j lie hop'-d this propo-> tion would be acceded
to The couatiy cypee'ed uiem to act on the sub
1 ct pr ""p ]v, inl tLev oved it to themselves to
do s L ""e i=m 1 would not consent to print
tbi" ml!, p ul i)s«iga it for the diy he had named,
he s ieuM ins.st on di-., Coins' Pf it at orce.
Mr. GWÍN, from the rsincntv of tne coTitmt-
o.e, presented a conn e'-r°pcrts accompan ei by a
bul, which v as read
[Tbis repo't do sno  t-ii eh on lie civil, mili-
'p y piid eav >1 eücers of ihe GovernrA n , and rt-
fei oil/ tot,0pi> and mileage of members of
Cj gre-.s Tía bul pro< ides th.t, f'om and after
the p-e i.rf se sio 1 f Ceigvss, «nch mcmler of
1 ^-m and Hou'3 ot Represent^ ¡ves sha'l ir-
c*i e $8 ro ever., tvei.'y £ ihs' tiavel to the seat
c G ei/n'itfiom ms rey lence, g^iná by 'he
r-jjji as Ml rotue, and tne same ¡ um fir etnroing
iioiic, aiso, $8 for each div's atiendance 11 their
rcpectfc Houses, provided the sesscn ah?U not
con inue longer than il e moa tr-, but u t it sea-
son continues longer than that -pen id, then uey
shall receive, for the remamd°r oí such «e non, |4
a day]
