CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
THE TARIFF BILL.
The bill "fo provide revenue from imports, jtnd
to change and modify existing laws imposing du-
ties on imports, and for other purposes,'Was téken
up, as in committee of the whole; tr^ question
pending being on Mr. Buchanan's motion oT Sat-
urday, to strike out the twenty-seventh section of
the bill, which reads as follows:                «
And be it further enacted, That the proviso to^ie sixth
section of the act entitled "An act to appropnale thepioceeds
of the sales of the public land*, and to grant pre emption i guts,'
approved Septembei 4th, 1341, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was not his purpose
to enter into the genera' discussion upon this iM-1-
mmable tariff question. He had ireq'iesU'y, on
former occasions, had the opportunity of presenting
his general views upon that subject to the Senate,
and he should, therefore, waive .'11 argument upon
that topic, and proceed, as he had promised, very
briefly to urge such considerations as he thought
should induce the Senate to vote n favor of the
amendment which he had proposed. The land
distribution bill of September 4, 1811, enjoined the
principle that, if duties should at any time be im-
posed on imports exceeding 20 per cert, ad va-
lorem, the distribution of the land fund among the
States should be suspended The proposition con-
tained in the twenty-seventh section of this bill
was, that the distribution of the land fund should
be continued, notwithstanding the interests of the
country imperatively required that duties s ,ould be
imposed exceeding 20 per cent. And the simple
question, therefore, ansinss, upon his amendment,
was, whether it was wise and politic to distribute
the land fund, and, ?t the same time, impose the^e
additional du'ies on imports. He wou'd appeal
most solemnly to the Senate to «ay whether it was
wise and proper tha* tn> treasury hould contina"
in a state ot insolvency, taat the great domestic in
terests of the country snould continue without th.it
incidental proieenjii which a revenue bill would
afford, and this, for the i,ake of retailing this miser-
able laud bill. That was the question, and the
only question.
He understood that the u bole sum distributable
from the public land fund, for the first half of this
year, was but $380,000, the share ot Pennsylvan-a,
then, would be about §33,000, and no more. And
for the sake of this comparatively mneraole pit-
tance, were they going to conanue the 'rrasury m
a state of bankrupt' y, and to deprive all the do-
mestic interests of the counlrj of that inc'dental
protection which a rca ooable t«.nff would afford?
He put it in the pltcnitive, because he v-as justi-
fied in placing the question >n that po it'on. He
was the last man in tins cojntry who world agrp^
to legislate wuh a v ew to accc rnmodate tne opin-
ions of the executive officer of the Government, no
matter how well krown they might be; but this
was not the case h re The present President of
the United States had declared, in a solemn and of-
ficial form, that he would no", under any circum-
stances, approve a bill which raised the duties on
imports above 20 per cent, and at th? same time
continued the distribution of the public la^ds.
The CHAIR c nsidered it out of order to allude,
in debate, to what the opinions of the Executive
were.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was not \ery con-
versant with the rules and orders of the S cate,
but he believed ai had a right to allude to the veto
upon the little tariff bul, and to the principles laid
down m it, and draw from it any inference be
pleased. He bad aiways eonticttred "be President'.-)
messages fair subjects of debate
The CHAIR reitera'ed the opinion that it was
out of order to r°fet to that mes^?ge w th a view of
drawing any inference from it by v 1> rb lb.3 Ex-cu-
tive will wa-5 to be indicated to u flu ce the ac-
tion of the Senate on the quejón pen '.rg
Mr. BUCHANAN in<M«d tn 'au ngn* to rr er
to 'he message of the President, ¡n whatever man-
ner he pleased, to enforce his views on a ca e n
point; and appealed fiom the d> cisión of the Cuan.
The CHAIR appealed to the Seriate for a de-
cision on the subject, and read the rule.
Mr. WALKER referred to a decisis , in po at
on a former occasion, upon bi> motion to íecogmse
the independence of Texas, in wbicr*eference was
made to Gen. Jack3cn's message; which did not
justify the decision of the Chair now.
Mr. KING potnted out the distinction between
this case and those necessary to guard against Ex-
ecutive influence
Mr GRAHAM thought the sense of the Senate
ougut to tc; tak*>n on the propriety of abolishing
the rule bo h m relation, to the President and the
other Hous".
Mr. HUjSTINGTON observed that the Senator
from Penney Iva ma had said that the question was,
whether the t-ifling pittance of distribution to the
S ate^ should be wiihh'ld, or the country be de-
prived of a revenue bill so necessary; and the rea-
son he gave for the alternative was, lhat the Presi-
dent had vetoed the Intle tariff bill, upon grounds
which could not admit of his sanctioning this bill
It was a call upon us to give up the land distribu-
tion bill, because, if we did not, the President .
would not give us either the reyenue bill or protec-
tion. It was improper to make such allusion; and
he therefore hoped the Senate would sustain ihe
decision of the Chair
He (Mr Buchanan) was not very conversant
with the rules of older; but he thought he knew
something of what would be piesonbed bv a person
who had lopg * een m the habit of attending to the
proceedings oí that bodj; and he had, therefore,
been not a little astom-hed at the decision which
had been stated by the Chair. He would admit
readily that the private opinions of the Executive
ousht not to be adverted to, and that it would be
out of order to advert to them in debate. But wa 
he, in the Sena o of ibo United Sta es, to be told
that i' was not competent for him to take up the
veto menage, and say, <i.¿ the Presiden' had,
in surh a decided m<nn«r, declared ihat he cannot
sanction a bi 1 conUimog; a clause such as the one
to uh ch bis (Mr B 'o) amendment had ieference,
that it would be utterly uieless to pas  the bill niih
the clause in question^—because the inference was
irresistible. When Geneial Jackson vetoed the
bill lor continuing the charter of the United Slates
Bank, upon su:h principles as showed his abhor-
rence of lhat institution, if anoiher bill had been
got up of a si-nilar cnaracter, would he (Mr B )
not have the liberty to say, "It is in vain for you
to spend your time upon su< ha bib?" [It was said ]
He (Mr. B ) had intended merely to advert to this
sutjret, in passing; and had said all, or nearly all,
he intended, wht-n the Cnair interposed ihe ques-
tion of order. But, as the President of ¡he Senate
had decided th<tt he had no right to ad-ert to a
public document, in order to diaw an inference
item it-[Crie- of "No, no, no."J
The PRESIDENT pro tern repeated that he
corseted it out <f order to refer to the existing
state of opinion of the executive officer, with a
view to influence the action of the Senate upon the
pending question.
Mr BUCHANAN said he had not the slightest
idea of refcrung to the President'  exisiing opin-
ion-,, for be knew as little of them as any man m
the world. He would only say, if he (Mr B ) had
written uch a document as that, only one  hort
month ago, h  should baldly consider himself at
liberty to depart from the deliberate declaration I
which it contained. As lor the opinions ot the
Presiden*, Heaven only Knew what th-y were now;
he (Mr B.) did not.
M'. SEVIER o id be hoped the Senator fiom
Pennsylvaiii\ v.ould withdraw his appeal from the
decision of the Cnair, and that the debate would
proceed without funlier interruption.
Mr BUCHANAN *aid he had withdrawn the
appeal, because he considered the issue perfectly
immaterial. The President of the Senate had lim-
l ed huí (Mi. B ) to ihow whit the opinions of
the President of tb„ Uni'ed States we'a a monih
a?c, and probib'ted bin from referring to whst
th'/ are now He would therefore content himself
wi h sho /irg wbai Üvy wee a month ago, and
leave Sen-oo-s lo lawiheiroan inferences as to
what they are nnv.
Mi ARCHER desired to make an inquiry.
Tney ought all to kno v vhat rtie rule reilly was
laatmpcn as pos-iMy the debate might extend to
considerable length, and other Senators might fail jj
into the same error. He believed the rule, as de-
cided by the Chair, was, that the Senator from
Pennsylvania might refer to tie opinions of the
President of the United States, provided the knowl-
edge of those opinions were derived from his pt(b-
lic acts, and not from private information. He
(Mr. Archer) thought wuh the Senator, that in-
ferences may be drawn from documents officially
communicated to ihe Senate; and he thought, also,
that the inference which had been drawn was not
unfair, tnough he hoped it would, in this case,
prove an unsound one. His (Mr. Abcher's) own
opinion as to the parliamentary ru'e was that the
gentleman was at liberty to infer the state of opin-
ion existing on ihe part of the President at this
time, provided the grounds of that inference do not
rest upon private information.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would despise a
miserable eaves dropper, who would go to the Presi-
dent and ascertain his private opinion, and then be
guilty of the crime—for a crime he would call it—
of endeavoring to influence the vote of any mem-
ber of that body by that opinion. He shoufd cer-
tainly not allude to any private opinion of the
President, for he did not know what his opinions
were; and if he did know them, he would not be
guilty of the indecorum of repeating, or even al-
luding to them, with a view to influence the action
of this body. But if the President had vetoed a
bill, and assigned his reasons for that veto under
the constitutional authority vested in him, it be-
came a public document—a document of the high-
est and gravest authority; it became from lhat mo-
ment one of the archives of the country, and would
go down to future ages to influence and guide the
understandings of the people of the whole country.
The President of the United States, on the 29th
June, 1842, sent this veto message to Congress;
and what did he declare m lhat veto message? The
President would surely permit htm to state what the
purport of the message was. The President there de-
clared, in the most solemn term?,that hedisapproved
of the bill, because it violated those principles
which he had laid down for the guidance of his
conduct, in (his particular—that, whilst it raised the
duty above 20 per cent, the proceeds of the public
lands were still distributable. That was his opinion
a month ago, what it might be no*, he (Mr. Bu-
chanan) was not permitted to say, if he would.
He would, therefore, keep within the rule, and al-
lude only to (he official document, m winch the
President, in ÚV mo6t solemn and grave form, m
the face of th  country, declared that he could not,
a"d wou d not, sanction such a bill. This he was at
liberty to do, because it was a part of the his-
tory of the past. He would not pretend to say
what the President would do now. Senators would
be permitted to draw their own inferences regard-
ing it. He (Mr. B ) would draw none, because
he was not permitted to do so. He would take
for grained, however, and argue upon that princi-
ple, that the insertion of this section would en-
danger the passage of the bill He would assume
this to be the fact; he believed it to be the fact,
and he would therefore call upon Senators to
say whcthei, if there be any risk upon the subject
from any cause, they ought to adhere so pertina-
ciously to that section.
The treasury (sa.d Mr. B ) is insolvent; and
shall we suffer the national faith to be violated, for
the purpose of retaining that clause relating to, and
pieservmg the exis ence of, the land bill1} The
present income of the country was about one half
of the expenditure, and, in addition to that, they
were indebted between twenty and thirty millions
of dollars. If, then, the slightest suspicion could
rest upon the question, ought they not to abandon
the claus  at once, and permit the land fund tn re-
turn to the common treasury' What would be
thought of an individual who aeteft in the manner
in wnich this Government seemed disposed to act?
Supple a private individual were indebted twenty
millions, and, having an income suffic.ent only to
pay one half of his expenditure, should refuse to
accept an ireome, unless he were permuted to give
away that which was justly due to his creditors: he
would undoubtedly be de<ervii,g of the severest
censure. And ought not this great country, whose
character is beyond all price—a country, tae first
