£39
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ví&s on its passaxe, that the proceeds of the public
lands were  o be no part of the revenue of the
Government? Had not the land bill then passed
both Houses of Congress, and been sent to the Ex-
ecutive for sanction—a bill taking the land fund
from the treasury, and giving it to the States?
The Senator from Pennsylvania asks, Why stand
upon this miserable pittance, and, by doing so, defeat
the bill? But did not the gentlemen opposite ad-
here to the gratuity of lands to the new States?
Was it not toe understanding that it was part of
the compact that the old States were to receive their
portion of the distribution? The right to the 500,-
000 acres to each new State, which was in part the
consideration for this distribution, is now to be
considered a vested right, while the right of the
old States to the distribution is to be violated.
The proceeds from the public lands are fluctua-
ting and uncertain. Stability in the income of the
Government is necessary; and the only way that
stability can be insured, is by a regular system of
tariff. He considered this stability would best be
promoted by letting this land fund—which may be
only <Mc million this year, and ten or twelve mil-
lions another year—go to the States m distribu-
tion.
He was here to sustain the views of his constit-
uents; and this distribution measure was a leading
one with them. He, therefore, not only himself
approved the measure, but fulfilled his duty to those
who sent him here, in supporting it.
If this reveaue bill—this distribution—and some
measure to regulate the currency, could be passed,
the prosperity of the country might be looked to
with certainty.
He should hope that there would be that patriot-
ism evinced now, which would give at once means
for.the treasury and encouragement to domestic
industry.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, in leply to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, observed, that if he was asked
the question,—would he not when two good things
were presented to him, and were told that be should
not have both, take one m preference to none at all?
hs would answer, without hesitation, that he
should have bot i or none He should have both,
Mmply because they were good and necessary.
He would not purchase either at the price of the
other, because bo'h were his right. Neither would
he purchase either at the sacrifice oi the inde-
pendence of the representative body of the peo-
ple.
Suppose the Senate is defeated in consequence
of its adherence to its own rights- would not the
Senator hereafter look back with pride to this body,
which had maintained its independence at such a
moment as the present?
If their ancestors bad not preferred any alterna-
tive to submission to royal authority, they them-
selves would not now be here to support their in-
dependence against Executive encroachments.
Here was a moment in which they had constitu-
tional power to act; and if their legislation was
rendered nugaiory, who would be responsible—
themselves, or he whose obstruction defeats the
necessary legislation of the Government?
He would not indulge the anticipation of de
feat.    He would ratnc indulge the hope  that the
reppated expression of the opinions of the people's
representatives would preva.l
Mr ARCHER, having given full expression to
bis opinions as to the measure of dis'nouuon,
last session, should not now go at large into the
subject It was, however, necessary to say some-
thing in reference to the vote which he should now
feel bound to give
His conclusions then, and now, were, that there
was a power to do this act, but not an obligation
to do it.
Viewing the matter as a question of mere ex-
pediency, he had given votes already m relation
to it, which might be impugned, ?nd had been im-
pugned, but he was at all times prepared to justify
his coiisi jiency in ¡he vces he Had given
He had voted «n this question when it was
brought forward in the little tariff bi'l, for the sep-
aration of these measures of dis'ribution and rev-
enue, because he then believed a temporary law
necessary for the collection of the revenue; and
that the bill would not become a law, if they «ere
not separated. But when it was modified, he voted
for it, because the measure of distribution was
temporarily suspended by if.
He also alluded to his votes on the loan bill.
He on that occasion gave up the inferior expedi-
ency for the higher expediency. The same ques-
tion of expediency ought now to prevail. The
question is one of fhs continued existence of the
Government. Gentlemen are called upon to per-
form the duty for which they were sent here—that
is, to preserve the Government at all hazards short
of the violation of the Constitution. If gentlemen
persist in their bigotry of opinion, the resu't will be
that they may go home, leaving no revenue to the
country but that which may be collected by the fiat
ef the Executive. Until a few days ago, he would
have voted anyi way to secure the revenue of the
Government. But now, his moderation on thi*.
subject was gone.
He had seen an open attempt made on the part
ot the Executive to defeat legislative action, by
putting a veto on a question of the moU mature
and deliberate legislation, on a ground which the
President himself admits is a mere question of ex-
pediency.
There had been four great Whig measures of
public interest passed by Congress in this Adminis-
tration, and the Executive had vetoed three of
them.
Upon a mere question of expediency, to veto a
revenue bill like this would be a stretch of Execu-
tive powei never attempted by the nio't arbitrary
princes of that country upon whose institutions those
of this country had been modelled. Never, in the
mother country, had an instance been known of a
bill of supply being vetoed—not even by ti e Tu-
dors.
He would say, if the aHercative were put, 'et
this Government go into dissolution, sooner than he
would, by his act, suffer any individual to put a
bridle upon the legislative body, and, by a motion
ot the finger, crntrol the action of the whole Gov-
ernment.
!f there were men of ?ny party ready to succumb
to such dictation, and to go home made by their
own act «lavet,, he would not b? found among such
men If ft was neec^ary, he would not only say
perish commerce, perish credit, but let the Govern-
ment fail to pieces, and th« Union be disolved,
sooner than he should sanction, by his act, any
measure which would abrogate the independence
of 'he people's representatives.
Mr. LÍNN observed that he regretted very much
that the Senator from Virginia ha i expresad him-
self so hostile to the constitutional exerci«  of ex-
ecutive power. He hid often heard such denun-
ciations, but had uniformly found them so uncalled
for, that now they made but little impression on hio
mind. When he first en'Te-i this bedy, he heard
from the opposition to the admioi'tiatmn that the
country was m the midst of a revolution. He
heard the same thing irom the Sena'or now. But
he was no< in the least a'armed. He judged of the
present by the past. Year a'ter} ear, /rom 1833
down to 1840, revolution was the threat of the Sen-
ators party. They denounced to the country, and
blackened to the deepest dye, the chaucier and
measures ei the last two Aámmiilnnoas, ard de-
picted the ruin and distress of the country ¿nth
•<uch vehemence, tint doubtless the/ lashed th m
selves and their dupes mto the be'ief of gieat
ab?urdit">s. Yet the country vvjs. prosperous and
happy under these Admni-'raticis, till the genile
men, by the grossest misiep eseniauons succeeded
in wres'mg the Government irom their hands.
They succeeded in doing this, partly by the grea'
pledges they gave that they vould rescue the coon
try from this rum which they depiced, ai,d wb ch
existed in their own imaginations only. They
seized the reins of Government at 'he momen oí
its quiet and prosperous career, vhen there  ?s
no public pVot, when the cipdit of the Government
was high and unblnmi hed, and v hen i>s honor
was untarnished.
What is the contrast now? The gentlemen them-
selves acknowledge that they have placed the
Government in the midst of a revolution It is
falling to pieces in their hands.   Its credit at home
and abroad is destroyed. The treasury is bank-
rupt. The country is di&eraced by their in.
capacity, and now they threaten, as a necessary
consequence of their own folly, the breaking up of
the Government, and the dissolution of the Union.
And all this is to happen because their own Presi-
dent will not let them invade the Cons'itution, and
violate the plighted faith of a solemn compact.
The gentlemen shall have no excuse for leaving
the Government to perish for want of sustenance
and support. If they break up Congress, and go
home, without doing their duty, they must take
the responsibility on themselves. He now gave
th«m warring that he and his friends were ready
to sit in their places, day in and day out, night in
and night out, or both day and night, till all neces-
sary, wholesome, and constitutional measures were
adopted for the rescae of the Government from
the degradation into which the gentlemen had
plunged it. He "rd his friends would not consent
to adjourn while the Guvernment was in such a
condition. If the gentlemen chose to do it, they
must take the responsibility.
Mr. WALKER said tha', though he did not ex-
pect to have addressed the Senate on this occasion,
he could notforbear to do so, aft¿r what had fallen
from some of the honorable Senators on the oppo-
site side. Gentlemen had told us that the Govern-
ment was without revenue, that there existed no
lawful authonty for providing a revenue, that we
were approachiug disorganization, a breaking up of
the Government, and a dissolution of the Union.
All these evils were to be encountered, rather loan
a surrender cf the principles of the majority—no,
not a majority of toe Senate—who passed the
land bill. We were told toat this C rgres3 must
break up, lather ihan eonñne i self to the proviso
wh eh on* Senator fa?d placed in the distribution
law. Rather than maintain the conditions of tbat
¡a , Senators are wiUi g to cee tne Government
discrgani?ed and the Union disolved.
Mr ARCHER, remarking that he supposed the
Senaior fro.ii Mississippi muH have alluded to him,
said the crisis had come, in wh ch he did not think
of the land bill Consid ring the other and higher
questions involved m thi« bJl, he did not regard
ir.at Indeed, he bel eved u would be; better to re-
tain the proceeds of the public lands in tbe treas-
ury, if n could be dune vi.hout m'xing that with
othei questions. But even if he emertamed the
opinion tbat these proceeds hould be l-stored a
thoasnnd tirr.es stronger than he die'—even if a
majority of both branches concurred in the opin-
ion—he wou'd not surrender to the dictate of the
Executive
Mr. WALKER con irucd. The consequences
wh ch had been tnreatened were to be encountered,
hecau e the President adhered to the conditions of
the labtiibation law—ihose very conditions on
which alone he sigred it, *nd which he will net
now ¡etrac!. Because h^ refused tu change his
cours , and thought proper to ^eto the late tariff
bill, Senators declare th mselves willing to see the
Government disbanded, and the Union dssolved.
He would that his voice could reach every log-
cabin in the country, teihog th  people ihat, sooner
than yield to Captain Tyler, Senators are willing
to Jrield the Government, and give up the Union.
These declarations come no' from gentlemen who
v ere in tie b.<bit of de ding in the tangíase of the
braggadocio, bin from mer who bad the les-olunon
to carry out what the> assented. Yet' th-s doctrine
is now boldly proclaimed by the leaders of the
party, and 'he peoolc ougnt to know it.
The peop'e who .ire <ib ut to c ect Representa-
tive  'hould know it, m order that they may de-
termine wnether they will tend R-pres-niatives to
Congress who will co-opcre'e with the-e leaders
m the r policy or Democrats The Government is
to be stopped an 1 t j be left without supplies The
fifteen ¡ru.iions of debt nh.ch you contr t-ted (for it
wts adm *ed that Mr. Vin Burén k t but five
anda half million--) s to remain unpa.r', and your
o", piehtcd ianh to be broken, rmreiv because
you Differ wnh Mr. Tyler, or rather leramehe
would not differ in m your former principles, and
adhered to the proviso which you inserted in the
land bill.
Had the President   violated the Constitution?
