CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            82?
eided according to the law In foice in relation to the granting
oí nuhtaiy pensions
After a few remarks by Mr. BENTON, explan-
atory of his. amend meat—which v.13 in,ended to
correct the lnequahues existing betwten the «.rmy
and navy pension system's; and by Messrs. ARCH-
ER and WILLIAMS, who saw no necessity for
it, the question was put on its adoptic; and it
was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Sena'e, and,
the amendments of the committee of the who> be-
ing concurred in,
On motion of Mr. WHITE, its further consid-
eration was postponed till to-morrow.       \          '
THE TA'UFf BILL. ^
The bill 'to provide íevenue fr&m imports, and
to change and modity < xisting laws imposifcg/du-
ties on imports, and for other puiposes," was (Alten
up, as in coram i't£C of the whole, the queVion
pending being on Mr Buchanan's raoiion ot Sat-
urday, to stuue out the twe jty-oev(.mh section of
the bill, which reads as fellows:
Andbi it further enacted, That the pnmso to the sixth
Bection of the act entitled ' An act to appropriate the proceeda
of the sales of the public lands, and to erant pre emption
rights," approved September 4th, 1841, be7 and the same is
hereby, repealed
Mr. BAGBY being entitled to the floor, address-
ed the Senate lor two hour', the following being
but a mere sketch of his remarks.
He took pleasure in saying that, upon this im-
portant question, the Legislature of the State of
Alabama had expresadlas it had done on most
other questions, a distinct and dedt'ed opa.ion
However well hs might be disponed to carry out
its will upon other subjects, there iva? no occasion
on which he found him<elt neitiT prepared to go
Ihe whole length with them th*n on the ptesent.
He could not think other ■ ice t'ian that the distri-
bution law was not only one of the most extraor-
dinary acts of Ameritan, but also of all modt rn
legislation. It wa< an extraordinary measure m
all its aspects—whether considered with regard to
our form of government, or w,th refeiente to the
peculiar time at which it was enae'ed Its effect
would be to subvert what he deemed to be the true
theory of the Government, and to prostrate those
principles which were based on the idea that the
Government should be dependent on the people,
and not the people upon the Government.
Wftat was the liamre of this Government, what
its powers, and whence derived? Was it a Gov-
ernment independent of the. States, or a Govern-
ment with limned powers, authorized iu iaise no more
revenue than what was found to be neeessar) to an
economical administration? Whence, too, came the
power over the land fund1 He hould endeavor
to show that thTe existed no d'fierence between the
power to distribute the proceed  of the public
lands, and the power to distnoutt any other rev
enue from the public treasury, in fact, that n > dif-
ference existed betwesn tlm measme of dis nba
tion, and that of assump'ion, which now is con-
signed to a temporary «,leep He argued that to
distribute $3,000 000 to the Slates, which was de-
rived from the «¿les of the public lands, required
an equal exerci«e of the power as the distnbu ion
of £3,000,000 to the States, which was derived trom
the customs. Whence came the right to distrib-
ute the public revenue? He knew noelau-e >n the
Constitution wmch a^eited it, and he dee. cd it
to have been denied to the Federal Qoyeinn eut by
that sacred instrument. Tne act was "erlamly a
violation of the CinstKution.
But what was the condition of me ¡red iry at
the time the d stnbmton law vas passed? What
now, when it is proposed toreiam the 27th section
in the bill? He knew that his appeal could not
change a vote upon 'he floor—'hat, had he the '?is
dom of Solomon, and ¡he light ot all t ,e ange's, h 
could not alter the course of uie majority, whostho ts
were numbered, and whose rarks «ere drilled—no,
not even to the cro-s > g < f a ¿, "i ib- cot i >g c Í a
s. But he vsrojld ask th~ majority whehtribey
had one dollar in Ihe r ¡-'Dry, wh ther their < re 1
it was wortn anything, an t vpeiher t iey h d p>y
law for collecting revenue he eaf'ti? No ' The,,
were without money, withou' ered r, and without
a law to collect any revenue, and yet, in such a
oondition of the public finances, tbry proposed to
sive away the lard fund from an exhausted treas-
ury '
How had these results been brought about?
Gentlemen said they would not discu°s the ques-
tion m the dog days, and that it was exhausted five
months a^o, upon Mr Clay's resolution. How
happened it that Congress was here in the dog-
days? Where was the potency of the party that
had a majority of 10 in the Senate, and 40 in the
House, at d yet was ooliged to acknowledge that
this Government was without funds and credit?
Whose fault was this? He answered, unhesita-
tingly, that of the "universal Whig party." Had
that party shown ..ny disposition to lay down
pariy feeling-, and tender the o'ive-braneh? Cer-
tainly not. All the tffoits made here were nei'her
lo support the thione nor 'o oppose it; but to build
up a power behind the throne greater than the
throne itself. Did geutlemen believe ihey could
promote the ir own good and the welfare of the
country, by carrying on a war with the President?
Who nominated and elected him? Certainly, no
cue on his (Mr. B  *) side of the House. Tue
Wh'g party elected him to office, and the prov-
idence of God made him Presiden': on all prin-
ciples of patriotism, he thought they were bound to
support him. It was certainly no accident that
made him Vice-President
But a short time since, when ! e and his political
friends found it necessary to oppose a provision in
the apportionment bill, their course wss denounced
as nullifying and disorganizing What was the
language of flu Senators from Kentucky and Vir-
ginia on yesterday? The Senator from Virginia
[Mr. ArchesJ '-aid that, though he regarded the
distnbu <on till as a mere natter of moonshine, yet
be would abandon the C >n«titution and ¡he Union,
ivthT than submit to a me?*uir which he himself
bokrd upon as mdiffeunt. This was the pimei-
p!e -vhieh many gentkmen were avowing. Rather
than give up the land fund, they say—away with
the Constitution, Union, and eveiylhing else.
The distribution law was, howevei, one of >he
great meamres of the campaign of 1840. He
koew not what were the principles shadowed forth
in other sect ons of the Union, but in his State red
pepper, coon skins, cider barrel?, and log cabin*,
«ere me only mottoes, emblem', and temples of
the party In one quarter, ihe bank was the main
meacuie; and in another, the distribution cheme.
Mr B gave a history of the ongm and passage of
ihe distnbution law and the bankrupt law thn ugh
Congress, at the exira session, and entei'd into a
statement to sh v that they passed through a sys-
tem of log-rolling. It he could no' have got his
measures through, without resorting lo thejtncks of
the Whig party, he wo'ild say Willi the Senator
from Virginia—Let the Union go; let a.1! go,
rather than secure a bankrupt 'aw and a distribu-
tion law by such means as were resorted to at the
txtra session
Mr B faid He was amused to 1 ear the o hpr
side of the Senate so often calling the Piesident a
dietitor, wntn it was notorious that h had  ot a
friepd in tne S nd'e Perhaps they had hails mugh
of the dicta'C vp in the person of an,ther, a'l 1
wished to get c ar oí dicta ors al'ogctrur. if they
wis^'d to br i < boiu ihe good ot their cou try,
did ihej tüpiCi. ic oioripus5! the oj ct bj keeping
the tre?stuy empty,  i>eruy b^cau t toey dd not
agree pith t e President? Di' tht-y remember the
maxim oí the patriot—"Mv cmr'iy, nsht or
wrong?" Tnoug > lit (Ml. B ) had not supptr.ed
Mr T,!er, iet, i hen he tid light, he felt him.se I
bouno, by obb^at oas oi pa riotism, to support his
measures It was said that the President had been
s aueei',. 'id h cancelled the cbligations which
t e W i-is wee under o support hiru Seduct i
fu' v1*? From red pep[ er, coon*, and cider?
*Vas that ih seduction' He (Mr. B ) could not
ppak v lib f-.milia'-Hv on this subject, uui he
ir aid sav iuat, it He Pie ideut had been ser ¡c ¿
a Vi, -was fioro t^e Jpffcr'man pnrciplev o his
ear) hf< . it wsi ibc-«edrc * >n by which he -as
dco) td into t"t embrace oí the Whig principa of
1840.
Ho read from the journal of the Senate at the
extra otss'on, to >how ihe c ngm of ihe distribution
law, and the plan of the session, as laid down by
Mr. Clay. On the 24th page, it would be iound
that Mr. Clay offered a resolution declaring that
the session should be confined to the discussion of
certain measures, (six in number,) only: 1st. The
repeal of the sub tieasnry. 2d. Tne establishment
of a National Bank. 3d. The providing of an. ade-
quate revenue for the Government, and the extinc-
tion o* the debt creaied by the late Administra-
tion; (and who then thought that this debt would
be run up by the present economical Administra-
tion from five and a half to twenty five millions?)
4>h. Ihe enactment of a distribution law, the ori-
gin of which he designed to show. The honor of
that measure was due to Mr. Clay. That Senator
was its father and originator; and, for that reason,
the meaidre was adhered to with the grasp of
death This was what made gentlemen say they
would not strike out the twenty-seventh section,
because it was wrung from them with the lash of
executive dictation. This was why they would not
do right—because Mr. Tyler thought so. Though
he (Mr. B.) was a* little <#a Tyler man as any-
body, yet, if the devil himself were to recommend
measures which be thought to be right, be would
not be guilty of such a want of self respect as to
declare that be would not support them
But suppose the party succeeded in driving Mr.
Ty.er to the wall: would they go back, and bring
about the measures which they promised? For his
own part, he should be afraid to trust them. They
had been eighteen months at the laboring oar; and,
notwithstanding their promises of two dollars a day
and i oast beef, what had they accomplished? With
the debt of the nation increased from five and a half to
twenty five milhonsof dollars, the treasury emptied
of its last do'lar, the public credit valueless, and
no ¡aw for collecting revenue in force, did these
gentlemen tuppese the people would aid them m
enrrymg out their measures? Supp se ihey bad
their own favorite man in the Presidential chair:—
could they do any bettei? He thought not. They
complained of the veto, and denounced the Presi-
dent ib a dictatoi, because he had exercised it.
Was it not as much the duty of the President to
exercise the veto, when he thought it proper, as to
sign a bill presented to him? He (Mr. B.) believed
m h's con°cience, and always had believed, that no
other consideration operated to secure the elec'ion
of General Harncon, but the belief that he would
prove to be—what Mr. Tyler would not be—clay
in the hands of the potter, or the potter in the hands
of Clay.
Whilst the Democratic principles were as eternal
as ihe rock of ages, tho e of the Wbigs were construed
by no two members of the party alike One Whig
would say ' I am for the distribution; it is the
greai measme," another would reply, "I am not
so sure of tin distribution law; it will diminish
the revenue, and cau e a tax to be put upon tea
and toffee." A third raises his voice in favor of
a bark; whilst a fourth will say, "I do not think
the bank is pooular in my section; the people have
heard so much of Bidtle and his frauds, that they
have no faith m a bank nowaday . I go for a
bankrupt law." Thus a was the advocates of the
distribution law, ba'ik, bankrupt law, &c. all
combined to elect ihe man Tnece combinations
in the Whig party lemindc d him of the colloquy
between ¿i< Ji hn Falstaff and Prince Hal. When
Hal comes in and says:
1 Jack, I am fuends with my fathei "
Falstaff    "Hit ti rob me the exoliequer, Hal "
This was precisely the maxim ac ed on by the
leaders of 'he Wmg party. The first thing they
did was to give away the Und raone>—a specimen
of the mm er m which to meet tae expenditures
of the Gk ¿trn me" t' Give away tne public money,
irstead of pa' mg the debts of the Government!
Exhaust ti.e means of the treasury, in order to
fuiniah a pretext for t?xm^ one porhon of the
Un on <or the benefit of the niher '
M P rferd to the effort which had been
made to ihn'v tt)p bi?nif> of tne preser' protracted
session upon the Darnoeiauc party. Hi^c ¡league,
in ihe early part of the «ession, offered a resolution
to adjourn on the 31st of Mar; and how was it met
by the opposite part)? He referred to the journal
for the answer. It might be there spcb who had
drawn oat the session to the dog-days.   Why was
