828                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the bill—the 18-line bill—whicn came to the Senate
late in June, and which was denominated the bob-
tail tariff, delayed so long? Why was the present
bill kept back until the dog-days, bat that it was
supposed that the President would be caught m the
trap thus set for him? Why was the one-hour rule
introduced, and then the fifteen and ten minute
rule, but to prevent the nature of the bill from
being exposed to the gaze of the people? Gen le-
men might be assured that it could not put out the
light from the people much longer Their voices
would be heard, and wou'd penetrate even here,
and memb-rs of the pre ent majority, though they
might escape a lynching, would be consigned to
political oblivion
After arguing against the impolicy of givm*
away money in the presen state of the treasury,
and of waging a f  c .ous opposition to the Presi
dent, Mr. B observed that the opinions of these
gentlemen, like the fashions of the world, would
pass away. How long had it been since the Senator
from Virginia believeoTthat he would hold on to
the distribution fund wrh the grasp of death?
Mr ARCHER reiterated the explanation made
by him on yesterday. Though he thought it would
be best to retain the land fund m the treasury, yet,
inasmuch as it was connected wi'h other questions,
he did not ehoo^e to succjmb to the Executive,
*nd permit him to shfpe the revenue bills to his
own liking
Mr BAGBY said he understood the Senator to
admit that the better po'icy would be to íetain the
land fund, yet he would not succumb to the views
of the Executive It amounted to h s die SenaUr
will not do that whieh he considers right, merely
because the President agrees with him Mr B
puisued the subject, and quoted from a speech
made by the Senator in 1838, in which, speaning
of the distnbutiin, he «aid, "Was ihere a s"nse of
justice so torpid as notij be awakened at the prop-
osition?" He asked why was the sense ot justice
of the Senator so torpid now?
He appealed to Senators to leave off the policy
of heading Captain Tyler, and surrender the silly
bout of etiquette Thsy said they could not surren-
der now He advised them to yield—the sooner,
the better
After some further remarks touching the com-
promise act, and other miscellaneous subjects con
nected with the present bill, Mr B took his seat
Mr BERRIEN did not rise to enter into the dis-
cussion of the question now at i sue, but ntuely
tosíate the reasons wr en influenced Lin in the
vote he should give He had considered the time
for carrying out the measure of distribution in-
expedient when the question was un ler c< usidera-
tion at the lajt itssion, but when the bill was so
modified as to remove his objec ions, he voted for
it wnh pleasure
It has now been found necessary to go beyond
the tariff of 20 per cent, contemplated bv the pro-
viso of the land bill. The conditu n of the Gov-
ernment i« >-uco, thit it is agreed on a'l hinds
there must be a levenue considerably exceeding
that rate of dutv. 3 he statement of the cbairmai
of the Finance Committee ^hows that even ihe
amoui t of revenue prop sp<l tn b supplied by this
bill will not, Kr two oi thrte years be enough t)
k e<i the treasury (rom m lie em > n<>ssmuit
During thee few yctr.  of tmbirr is>-nrvnt, hi
shou d le di p i a to cou'-idei tn^same ex >edi n ¡
which aciualed him to ad otaU. tn" proviso oi the
distribution act suli existing, for tie c^n'inu nee
rf trial pi^visj till the tieamry hall le in a condi
lion to do wi Lout ihe proeeids o* the puolic land
He should tnereiore have been glad, ha 1 he felt
hirase'i hi a posit on to take pai n advancing this
bill, to ha e oí! red an amendment to the airei d-
uent of ihe Sep^ or fro n Pennsylvania, the object
oí wmch >voul ¡hue been t > suspend the d stribu
ti n bill till ih 30 h oi Jine, 1844 Some sach
arra igfment "s n vol J h v afji el u ueutr 1
grtui 1 uptn h nh i1 p is s could mee I
wou'd V n o"s i ve ti t r a\i,.\ zx it wt uiden
a1 le ine lird fund mi ue t ipl tj tj ihe ii e tf ihe
Governrntn at a time n vijjj m st need i, it
woatd adm tof an a^eal beu g ¡ ai e 'o the peopie,
which won d decide the que fon of distribution,
another Congress, fresh from the people, would, at
the end of the term approaching the 30ia of June,
1844, have an opportunity of further acting on the
proviso, and either repeal ng it altogether, or fur-
ther extending the «u'pensit n But, beyond all these
considerations, there would be the important one,
that this much desired and indispensable measure
of providing adequate revenue could bs adopted,
when propeily amended, in the harmonious spirit
which, but for this question of distribution, all feel
desirous ot imparting relief to the treasury
Bat he was admonished, by what had already
occurred, that all efforts were now unavailing to
improve or amend this bill. The determination so
strongly expressed by those who have the control
of the bill m the Sena'e to reject all amendment ,
no matter of what character or necessity; the un-
disguised purpose of carrying through the bil' m the
identical form in which it came from the House,
the inexorable rejection of every amendment rec-
ommended by the Finance Committee,—seemed to
be the result of a foregone conclusion, n obedience
to some iron rule from which they were not to
attempt to extricate themselves, no matter wnat
might be the improvement offered, or the merits of
any particular c se of amendment All, alike—
whether of prime necessity or organic importance—
it wis evident must bo-v to this iron rule The ac-
tion of the majority on these amendments, had
manifested a determination, on the part of the Sen-
ate, to rej ct any and every amendment If he
understood the nature of the votes the other day,
(Saturday,) the understanding of those who have
the control of the bill was to pass it wihout
amendment, to avoid ihe necessity of returning it
to the other House While this under tanding
prevpib, it would be perfectly unavaihn  for him
to offer the amendment which be had spoken of.
It is not the oharacter of the amendments tnat
has to be considered, but the eff c' on the otl er
House, if a necessity was created oí sending back
the bill amended Thus were many Senators
called upon to ac' upon a bill involving questions
of the utmost magnitude and importar ce—ques
tions of toe gravest jmpoit that can come before
the National Legislature—ques'ions which every
one knev required th  most delicate adjustments
to balance, yet Ihey were told their endeavors
would be ui availing, and they snould conform
then acurn to an iron rule, so mexorab e that the
slightest deviation from the iorm in. wh ch the bill
came from the Hous  cannot be allowed The/
must accept it in this form. No matter what may
be the merits of amendments sujges'ed, they are
to hare the same fate as tho«e of the Finance
Committee Thus was he admoni hed from ;ny
at'empt to make even a piopos'tion essen lal for
] s m urpnee of becoming a law. He did lot p>-e
sume to express an opinion as to the motives or
propriety of such a rule of action He supposed
it had been well considered, and that ome abso-
lute necessiiy exis ed for its adoption But, what-
ever nece sity his assiciates might feel to act up to
this iron ru'e, he, for one, snould say, for himself,
that h should not constrain him to act e tt er affir-
matively or negatively he would lo k so ely to the
merits of etch question that cam" before him, and,
if not , ermtt d to exc-ise that free judgment and
utiiet'ered opinion whi<"h he was ah" ays read> to
accord to ms ««sociales, he should sanction that
whuh wou'd be admitting an iron rule of which
I    i i' not ic l ihe nece  lty
Kr B the a 'verted to th" veto of the Presi-
dent on tne h tie tariff bill, and to «hat had been
said with re ard to his determination to reject any
revenue bill coupled wuh d tributic, and re
m irked, that the Senator ftom Virginia [Mr
Arch'r] did not feel more s nsitively the prop'it i/
of upno ding the rights an 1 i Weoendenc ■ oi C )n
gress than he d d. On a 1 pre per occas c r>s, he
o ild be found re<«H to maintain those i Jii and
that  r   ejer true, a' ?nf «aenfre
H S no " s v, i i'io=e i ho mou^ht, =rnu'd
hsoilli* C( i c ru'ht to aojium, and ')
n ng i i '-re'fftt tue Goveuimet t. I' hi
i > duty f) pro/ d-* i <-> ft ei is of ctriying on he
So vet meat, pni he ' u ted t ey would rot ne
gl-ct that dutv.
Mr. % OODBÜRY s,ud he  a«kcd only two or
<hree Hunutes of the attention of the Senate lo wn¿t
he considered the chief question involved in this
motion As to (his, he differed from those who had
preceded him
The section proposed to be stricken out did, in
fact, make a new distribution bill. This was the
great objection to it m the tariff and in this crisis.
The old bill passed last September, and which the
President then approved, authorized a distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands only in case a
lo   and moderate duty, not above twenty per cent,
would yield revenue enough to pay all our expend-
itures and leave a surplus oí what was collected
from the lands But this section authorizes the
distribution when 'here is no surplus, with twenty
per cent duties. It authorizes ¡t even m these em-
barrassed times—'if there is no surplus without
imposing at least thirty six per cent, duties on an
average, and fifty, eighty, a hundred, and a bun-
dled and forty per cent on several specific articles.
The Executive might, therefore, under his views
of this question, as heretofore explained on out
public records, and so might several Senators, as-
sent to such a bill as that of the last se sion, but
not to such a new, and materially new, distribution
bill as this sec'ion seeks lo introduce.
On this side of the House theie is no wish, tn
connexion with this revenue bill, to disturb the
terms and substarce of the distribution act of the
last session. It is you, on your side, who now dis-
turb that act It is you who unsettle and change
everything, and introduce new embarrassments;
and why? Not, I hope, to'inconimode the treasury,
nor even to harass another department of the Gov-
ernment But the tendency of this section clearly
i  to endanger the success of the whole revenue
bill, as a financial measure The provision is also
out of place here It is a section not in accord-
ance w ith the p ofessed object of the tariff—to fill
the treasury, but is obviously to help to empty it.
This section, instead of furnishing supplies, (as
some have argued concermrg the bill ) causes
waste. It is at war with the legitimate design and
effect of the rest of the bill —to increase our means
in difficulty, and revive our drooping credit. In-
stead of this, it puts both at more hazard, by ren-
dering ihe passsage of the bill to a law at least
doubtful—some say impossible.
The ehanae made by this section m other princi-
ples of the distribution is great, as well as in these
and in its form The bul of the last session recog-
nised no right m the States to these lands or their
proceeds, but went upon the basis- assumed front
the start by Mr Stevenson in 1827, and followed
un afterwards by Mr Clay in 1832, that the right
was clearly in the United State* But if a surplus
m our revenue should happen at any time, its
friends then thought it might be useful and expe-
dient to give it to the Siates.
But neither of these gentlemen then contended
for the propriety of dividing anything except a
surplus, and hence it was not pushed further in
1827, because no mrplus had then happened.
In 1833, however, a surplus was soon antici-
pated, and the great adopted father of the measure
then argued, m his report, for the distribution of
ihese proceeds, on'y because (to use his own
word'-) they were "no longer needed to meet ihe
orlirary sxpe-se  of the Givernment," and,
again, "as ihe pruceeds of the sales are not wanted
for ordinaiy revenue "
But are those p oceeds =not needed by us now?
Is there any preience for 11 Nc is there any pre-
i rica that tn-lacs a id reaso s applicable to the
new distnbu'ion, «hich will be made under this
section, s-b such a? existed last Septembei, when
t1 e first distribution became a law, any more thaa
what rfab contemplated in 1832
Last September the m-jonly wir  not willing to
diuJ* the lands, if thereby taxes must be raised
above the ordinary average rale of 20 per cent
Such a rilt, they m grit atis-fy ihem elves, was
o i c', fr< m b h levenue and mei ¡enul pro ec-
en Ai t i' ihe leeeipt from lands then became
a «L.i-p'i's, rfnd the Sta et. s iu'd netd ibera, they
mignt suppose t exptdiem to best w them in a
limited and courteous m ira*r But is tnat the
same proposition as to be obli ed to increase those
duties nearly doub e, a d <-°vcral of them to 100
per cent, m order to make these receipts  from
