CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                         .                     820
lands a surplus? or as to be obliged to lay more
taxes to pay our expenses, instead of using the very
land receipts thus given away?
One might be willing to divide the lands in the
first case, who would be very unwilling to do it m
the others. With some, there would be no consti-
tutional difficulty in the fiist case, (though it is
otherwise wilh me,) but, in the other cases, they
might agree with Mr. Clay, in his speech in 1832,
that, even in his opinion, it was unconstitutional to
distribute anything except a surplus, or evento
collect taies for the purpose of distribution As a
question of expediency, also, a Senator or President
might, last September, with a much smaller debt,
and national credit not destroyed, and only 20 per
cent duties contemplated, be willing to aid those
States in need, by a portion of the lands, who
would not deem it expedient, if we were now com-
pelled to raise monstrous taxes, m order lo make
the distribution, and foand ourselves now more
deeply in debt and fiscal embarrassment and dis
credit than many of the Slates
There is another grave question connected with
this section, repealing a vital proviso m the former
distribution act. If we can hastily and 1 ghtly re-
peal that proviso in such a legislative compromise,
we may, ere long, see all the other important pro-
visions in that distribution repealed When war
comes, the proviso giving back the proceeds to the
treasury may also be repealed, because the States
may then be as needy as now. So the provisoes
as to extra per cent to the new Stales, as to the
use of the share in this District, the 2 per cent
funds lo some States, and numerous other', may
all, in succession, be prostrated Let us piuse,
then Had we not heller defer this grave measure
of the 27 h section, making, in several respects an
entirely new distribution to a future occasion, and
a sepárale bill, and strike it out of this tariff? It is
no part ef th<? tariff, legitimately Let it stand alone,
and on its own merits. Let not the whole tariff be
exposed, as many anticipate, to a new veto and
loss, merely to make the expenmeRt of introdu-
cing a new distribution on new principles, aid in
a new condition of our fiscal affairs And let no-
body rail at the President for this jeopardy lo ihe
measure It is jeopardy, caused by us—caused
deliberately—caused by us unnecessarily For
what this is persisted in, the country must decide.
On this side of the House, we wash our hands of
it. We want a proper tariff passed, and m a
proper tariff form, and not mixed up with other
controversies; and, in fine, such as will yield a suit-
able revenue for the crisis Let those who refuse
this, take warning as to the responsibility, for none
of us can go home with hone, unless we first fairly
legislate tor the occasion, and not patch up s me
impotent, temporary measure, unworthy ¡he emer
gency and the true interests of the countrv
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired to say a single
word The Senator from Georgia seemed to sup-
pose that his political associates here had not given
unbiassed vole?, that they were constrained by
some unseen power H* was surt, the honorable
Senator did not mean what would ¡seem to be the
inference from his remarks He (Mr C ) s'ood
there as free to act as hs judgment might dic'ate
as the honorable Senator himself He rtid not tor
a moment imagine that the bill was perfect, or un
susceptible of improvement He never expected
to see a bill, composed of so many par íeiilars, cor
respond with the judgment of every individual,
and, if they waited for such a bill, they would nev-
er legislate at a 1 In tne emergency of the t mts,
they ought not to stand upon scruples, or stumble at *
trifles, but go on in the performance of the duty
they owed the country, ard bring at once to a con
elusion this impor ant pnd necessary measure, in-
stead of making little am-numenis vhioh they
might, under o her enca-n'tances, be inclined to
make. Tbe exigency of fh" case was thp iron
yoke which the Senator alluded to. Take the bin
as a whole, and i> approximated as nearl , he be
heved, as any bill could be expected to do, to whit
it ought to be. It wa  upon this principle he vo-
ted in relation to it
Mr BERRIEN explained that he had not pre-
sumed 'o attribute any motives but those -which his
associates must have had good reason to be inflo-   j
enced by, in coming to the decision of acting by ihe
iron rule to which he had adverted
Mr WRIGHT said he desired, before the ques-
tion was taken upon this amendment, to say a few
words to the Sera'e, and it was simply on account
of the position in which the Senator from Virginia
had placed the question yesterday, that he was- in-
duced to trouble the Senate with anv remarks
The Senator, if he (Mr W ) properly understood
the purport of his argument, assumed lhal the sec
tion relating to the distribution must be retained in
the bill, or it could not become a law This might
be so, he (Mr W ) was unabla to iay whether it
was or not. But he could not, in conscience, vote
for the bill, if every other item were precisely what
he desired, provided that section wte retained in it
He did not believe he had a constitutional right to
vote a tax in this form, for distribution among the
States, and no man could question that this would
be the effect of the bill. The Senator considered
it a point of expediency He (Mr. W ) consider-
ed it not only a question of principle, but or consti
tutional right Although he would be compelled
to differ from some of his most esteemed friends,
politically speaking, yet he would be compelled to
vete «gainst the bill, unless the motion to expunge
the 27th section prevailed. The bi'l could be pass-
ed, doubtless, by a majority of both Houses, but
the doubt as to its becoming a law rested not here,
but elsewhere, and would be determined by ihe
fate of the motion now under considerat on He
had no desire to violate the mies of debate, but he
believpd he had a right to assume that, if this sec-
tion be stricken out by the voice of the Senate, the
bil' would meet with no obstruction to its becoming
a law.
He (Mr W ) had voted against the loan bill of
the extra session, and the tariff bill of the extra
session, and the loin bill of this session, becauoe he
was compelled either to vote again t ihem, or to be
charged with vc ting for borrowing money or laying
taxes for the purposes of distribution. He was as
ready as any Senator to vole for a tariff which w*s
calculated to raise sufficient revenue for the sup-
port of Government, even according to the de
mands of ihe present Administration. Neither
was he one of mose who held the iron bedstead
rule He had never supposed they could make a
protective tanff bill by adopting a uniform rule
Again he had never been one of those * ho repu-
diated the protection of American interests, sofara 
astrictly revenue tariff could furnish that protection.
He would not lay a cent of duty foi prolect on of
itself
The gent'eman from Virginia, pnd his political
friends, had no npht to complain of the course of
Senators on the Democratic side, or to endeavor to
throw the responsibility attending the defeat of the
bill upon them, while those gentlemen w( re de-
termined to keep, in a bill to lai e revenue, a per
manent provision lor expenditure which we be-
lieve to be uncoil titutiona!, inexpedient, and im-
politic
The qu"slion was then tal *n by yeas and navs
on Mi Buchanan's motion to strike out the 27 h
section of the bill, pnd re ulted in the negative, as
follows-
\FA->—\J aqs Allen Bagby Benton B irtnntm Call on i
Cuthbert Tulton K i" I inn Moltobetts 1*10 tor Rives ^e
vier "*mitt of ( rtect ut *-t ir" o Taj pa Vvalkor Wit
cox   Willrims Woodlny Wi ghl  ml \  un°—22
INA\^—Mesrs A (hei Pauow Baku Bayai 1, Choate
Clayton Conral Crafts entienden Dayton rvan* Graham
Huntington Keir "Uangi m Merit! Mille M retell
Phelps Portel, *5]inm ns 'smith of Indiana Spiacue Tall
make   White  and YVoodbtid^e—26
Mr.TAPPAN ^oved u<e followirg amendment,
of wm<h ho bvd given nonce on Saturday
Affile il ftrti i pnadi-0 That whenever the P e i lent
of the lile ¡staler sha ltreivc salí faru rv evi e re t at tt e
con flour and sal ed [tovtsiors e\¡ rte t nom tne 1 te ¡
to are  m vessels w e ¡ hy ci \7 nsof t1} t ¡te states aieal
mutel free of duty n o tie several port of any E tropea
sta e or hn  om Ire ^ha] m^e pioclamation there f to tí e
l 00! e of the l i te lístate ai1 ! ereup n after the expnatior
oftineemn tU ñon tie date of such ptoclatrntion the dutic
im¡ ost 1 by th s act up nai in Oea the-'iowthor r^anufactjie
of s ich state or krnfd m ? tmi tit g raicb ro'-n fiotn or saltel
pi \ isions free of duty so far as the same exceeded 20 pet rev t
ad valorem shall be thenceforth chaigeable with a duty ci 2u
percent advatoiem an I no mote
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the amend-
ment by mcerting af'er the wori ' provi  ons," the
words ' and tobacco "
Mr TAPPAN said the motion of the honorable
Senator could only result in the defeat of his prop-
osition He was sorry to see a disposition mani-
fested to carry this bill through ihe Senate—in pur-
suance, he supposed, of a determination m caucus-
without permitting the jddgmsnt of Senators to be
exercised upon it in the minutest particular All
deliberation, it appeared, was to be suppressed,
and all modifications or amendments rejected, even
without consideration
The amendment which he had proposed had
reference to a subject which had pressed itself upon
the consideration of British statesmen, and he
(Mr. T ) thought it was deserving of the attention
of the American Senate He was sorry to see the
Senator from Marj land exhibiting a disposition to
defeat the amendment he bad offered, and he
thought that Senator v as. not consulting the in-
terests of the State which sent him here, by doing
so The gentleman, however, must be capable of
judging for himself, bat he sincerely hoprd that
the amendment, as proposed by him, would pre-
vail.
Mr EVANS replied, pointing out that such an
amendment as that proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, however proper in itself, involved so many
considerations that it could not be properly con-
sidered in Ihe lim? wh ch the discussion of this bill
would allow Such a proposition would affect Ihe
whole revenue of the country most extensively.
By treaty with most nation*, the United States
was bound to admit their products at the same rate
of dut es as the product of any other country A
single country might accede to ihis proposition,
and so conform to it as to entitle its producís to
come in at 20 per cent Then, by the United
States treaties, with many other nations, their prod-
uce should be admitted at the same rate, though
they did not conform
Mr MERRICK contended that tobacco growers
Vvere entitled to the same encouragement and pro-
tection for their surplus tobacco as any other de-
senpt on of agriculturists, and insisted on his
amendment.
Mr. WALKER said the tendency of the amend-
ment which the Senator from Maryland pro-
posed to incorporate with that of the Senator from
Ohio, would be to destroy the latter altogether, be-
cause, as the Senator had truly stated, the revenue
of many of he Enopean States was so intimately
connected with the dunes on tobacco, that they
could not afford to surrender it This was a fact
which could not be denied What would be
gained, then, by the proposit on of the Senator
from Maryland? It seemed to him (Mr W) a
1 ind of dog-in the-manger proposition There were
a vast number of farr-trs in th" Slate of Mary-
land wh) vould be r lad to export their grain upon
a pine pie ot recipro-it', such as lhat which the
am^ndnaentof the S nator from Ohio con cmplated;
?nd yet the Senator from Marvland refused to ex-
tend to his constituent this boon Because he could
rot exact an impossib 1 tv—namely, induce the
European Slates to at-sndon their revenue deriva-
ble trom the duty on tob ceo—therefore he would
lefuse to permit s?ltrd pio^is ons tt be made an
article of export upon those terms, which could
not but be highly f&vorab'e to his constituents
But the opposition of the Senator from Maryland
was siill rrore extraordirary, fo' it he could
gi t his amendm°¡it incorporated in that of the Sen-
a't r from Oh o, and have «obacco admit ed duty
fiae, even then he would vole pgainst ihe w.hole
proposition He would actheie u the jul, even
tnough he cop d obtim e^emp w i from all duties
abrosd for "\\\ the Hour an ' the gram raised by his
cons itnrnis, ei   M the tobacco Of  d"s.
He (Mr " ' ) ntpr-drd to vo e ¿gainst the prop-
os t in of tv>p b-'rf o from Maryland, because lis
«ss n favor of the piopismoi of ihe Senator
froi. O i o, he cb pet exactly n the shape in
which U now sto d He «a* in fsvor of introducing
tt e pnrcip!" < f rec procit^ He b lie^ed U would
be p boon of incalculable value to those who raise
g a n and flour It would probably hav  the effect
of bringing down the enormous duties which were
levied in England, to a more reasonable standard.
He would, therefore, stigfes* to the Senator from
Ohio to modify bio amerdment somewhat, and he
