832
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
over a year, he had been on to Washington five or
six times. Having thus obtained leave of absence
from the master-armorer, the committee came on
to Washington, waited on the President, and rep-
resented their grievances to him. They a!so wait-
ed on the Military Committees of the Senate and
the House, and on several ei the members of both
Bouses. But whilst they were here, in this lawful
and orderly way, this very military superintendent,
living at Fuller's Hotel, wrote home to the master-
armorer to discharge every one of them; and
jthey were discharged. This, Mr. C, said, was a
specimen of oppression which he hoped had never
yet found a parallel in this country. [Turning to
Mr. Stanly,] Mr. C asked if there was ever any-
thing like it at the branch mint in North Caroltna.
Mr. C. said he could, if his time permitted, give
many other specimens of oppression and injustice
that had been practised towards these armorers.
Here, Mr. Calhoun's hour expiring, he express-
ed a wish to be allowed a few minutes longer; in
which several of ihe members joined.
The SPEAKER said that the rule was impera-
tive, and could only be suspended by a vote of
two-thirds.
Mr. BOWNE rose, and -moved to strike out the
second section, which substitutes a military super-
intendence of the armories for a civil one.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not then
in order, the question being on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mason] to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
C. Johnson ]
Mr. WARD observed that he would have
been very happy if the honorable gentleman
who had just addressed Ihe House [Mr. Calhoun]
could have been permitted to go on. As it was,
however, he would ask permission of the com-
mittee to make a few observations himself. It
would be recollected that a message had this morn-
ing been received from ths Senate, insisting on their
amendments to the array appropriation bill, and
asking for a conference. Now, by appointing a
Committee of Conference to meet that of the Sen-
ate, the difficulty could be adjus'ed without much
fariher debate; and he hoped this course would be
taken at once. For one, he admitted that there
was a majority of the House in favor of reduc;ng
the army; and he would do nothing to impede the
course of Ihe majority, or to throw any obstacles
in their way, reluctant as he was to s:-e this im-
portant branch of the public defence cut down. If
the reduction must be made, it appeared to him
that the best way would be for the committees of
the two Houses to agree on the extent to which it
was to go, and to report it to their respective
Hou'es. In this way the reduction could be ef-
fected with less time than by proceeding on this
bill. Viewing the stale of our foreign affairs, he
had opposed the reduction for the present; and he
had alto opposed it, because of the exposed situa-
tion of the Southwestern fromier, as represented by
the members from that section of the couniry.
He objected, also, because it seemed to him that
an appropriation bill should not be shackled by
provisions of such a nature. We now find (said
Mr. W.) on our tables a bill passed by the Stn-
ate, making a considerable reducion in the ex-
pense of our military esiabli^hment, yet still leav-
ing its organization complete; and we, therefore,
have it in our power to settle Ihe queition of reduc-
tion, without going to the extreme lengths provided
for in the appropriation bill. Ther? '..-pfe many
members on this floor desirous of pl?,cir,g t>-p army
on the same footing that it wa= placed by ihe act
of 1821; and in enb>r, therefore, to act understar.d-
ingly on thesuljVc:,it u-as important ¡o knov wbat
alterations ha-1 taken place «-nee that tim°. The
first addition that was made to the army was three
surgeons and five a-sis'ant Mir?oom-. In come-
quence of tue Lumber of hule pen.* at which the
army was distributed—at s'"ne a company, and at
others a half company—it had bfen found a meas-
ure of economy to make this addition to the medi-
cal staff, ins'ead of pmploj in?, c lizen surgeons as
occasion required. The next additions wore the
dragoons, andtheSih regiment of infamry, with an
additional number of engineers and ordnance offi-
cers. And he would remark that this 8th regiment,
which the gentleman from Tennessee proposed to
strike out of existence, -was co.nmandei by the gal-
lant Colonel Worth, one of the ablest and most
meritorious officers in the service. It would be
recollected, also, that that regiment had served with
distinction in Florida, and that its services there
were not yet ended. The next proposition was to
strike out of existence the 2d regiment of dragoons,
which had also zealously and efficiently encount-
ered the dangers and privations of the Florida war.
He would venture to say that no regiment in the
service had performed more faithful service; and
yet it was proposed to disband it, even before it was
known that it could be spared from the service it
was engaged in. Still, if it had not been for the
declaration of the members from the Southwest,
that they could not dispense with this regiment, he
would have been content to see it reduced; but, af-
ter hearing such arguments as they had offered
against its reduction, be could not give his vote
for it. Though he bowed with submission to the
will of the majority, and would not lay one strav
in their way, yet he hoped that, in consideration of
the powerful reasons that had been urged by the
Southwestern members, the House would, in pref-
erence, take the bill sent from the Senate, and be
content with the reduction therein made.
Now, when it could be shown that, by amend-
ments already made, a saving had been effected of
upwards of a million of dollars, he would ask of
gentlemen if they had not accomplished enough for
the present? If it should be found necessary to
make a further reduction, it could be done at the
next session of Congress, when, he trusted, it
would be found that all our difficulties with Eng-
land had been satisfactorily adjusted. Surely a
saving of one million of dollars ought to be suffi-
cient for the present; and, by beit,g content with
that, the present organization of the army would
not be impaired, nor its efficiency diminished. In
the event of the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee passing, everything would be broken
up, and the armv left in an imperfect and disor-
ganized state. The 2d dragoons and the 8;h regi-
ment would be disbanded, and the engineer and
ordnance corps would be completely cut up, He
had heard a good deal said with regard to the great
expense of the army; and he had heard a great
deal in favor of retrenchment; but, ia speaking of
extravagant expenditures for this branch of the
public service, he apprehended that gentlemen had
gone too far. The people throughout the country
had been led to believe that the army cost upwards
of eleven million? of dollars a year. This was
idle; for, with tire bill proposed by the Senate, the
expenses of the army would not amount to more
than three millions. Then, how was it that all this
expense had been incurred? Why, there was a
pension list, costing §700,000; and the annual ex-
pense for fortifications, amounting to two or three
millions more. He apprehended that there were
few gentlemen there disposed to withhold the pit-
tance granted to the old soldiers who had achieved
our independence, so that no saviig would proba-
bly be effected in this item; but, with regard to the
fortifications, the system was nearly completed,
and in a short time the expenditure for them
would cease. The same mistake had been made
with regard to the navy. Take away the expendi-
ture fir the gradual increase of the navy, and the
sum for the navy proper would not amount to
more 'han two or three million-s. With regard tj
the civil list, the expenditurpi d.d not amount to
more than two millions. The whole expenditures
of the Government could therefore be reduced to a
very small sum; and if his friends in the majority
woa'd turn trie administration of public affairs over
to the Democratic party, ha wo'ild aus-vr for it
that they would reduce them within the income de-
rived from ihe customs ;-.nd the public lane!?.
Mr. W. concluded by expressing the hope ¡hat
these few remarks would be received in ihe spun
in which they w re mode, and ¡hat ¡bey woti'd go-
to work and pa-s the bill, and, ia tiro weeks from
that time, return to their hom;s,
Mr. EDWARDS of Missouri obtained the floor-
but yielded it to                                                     '
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, who suggested that ¡h-
¡ committee had better rise, and appoint a Comoii't-
tee of Conference to meet that of the Senate on the
disagreeisg votes of the two Houses in relation to
the amendments to the army appropriation bill. In
this way (Mr. J. said) ihe difficulty might be set-
tled without a lenglhy debate.
Mr. McKAY, after a few remarks to the tame ef-
fec, moved that the committee rise; wlaich motion,
prevailing, the committee rose, and reported prog-
ress.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the House in-
sisted on its disagreement to the amendments of
the Senate, and ordered that a Committee of Con-
ference be appointed to meet that of the Senate.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted a resolution
calling on the Secretary of War for a s'a'ement
of the allowances made to General Hernandez
and Colonel Duncan L. Clinch, under the act of
2d March, 1839; which was adopted,
Mr. STANLY submitted a resolution that all
debate on the bill for the reorganization of the
army should cease on to-morrow at 12 o'clock; and
that the committee should then proceed to vote on
the amendments.
Mr. WELLER objected to the reception of this
resolution.
The SPEAKER said that a resolution of this
kind was always in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON requested the mover to
modify the resolution by substituting 3 o'clock for
12; which was absented to.
Mr. C. JOHNSON further requested a modifi-
cation, so as to allow an explanation of ten min-
utes on each amendment that might be offered; bat
this Mr. STANLY would not agree lo.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted a resolution direct-
ing the Committee on the Library to inquire into
the expediency of employing a competent person to
prepare a digest, or analytical index of all the pub-
lic documents; which was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, August 3d, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, covering a statement from the Register
of the Treasury, made ia compliance with a reso-
lution of the 30th of July, showing the amount of
money appropriated by Congrs3s, since the year
1835,   to  satisfy private claims, as   follows:   In
1836,  $155,885 99; in 1837, $101 235 40; in 1838,
$268,105 91; in 1839, #173,459 08; in 1840,
«74,722 71; in 1841, $318,156 09: total, $991,-
565 08, in six years; which,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr, BAGBY prerented a petition from the heirs
and legal representatives of Robert C. Laae, rela-
tive to certain slaves detained at Mobile; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill tor the relief of the sureties of the
New Orleans and Nashville Railroad Company ;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS, from the ssme committee to which
had been referred the joint resolution to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle, upan cer-
tain Terms, tae habili ies of the sureties oí Gordon
S. Boyd, late receiver of the public moneys at Col-
umbas, Mississippi, reported the same back, with
an (..tire substitute; which was ordered to ba
printed
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revola-
iK"ary Claim.-, reponed back, without amendment,
¡he act for the relief of  the legal representatives of
;     Will am T.  r„],i¡h, v,-ho  lost certain loau cerlifi-
|    citi's, and r-^rui'.-nded its pssvige.
|        Mi.   MEIUUCa, from  tb«  Committee on the
Po'i Oili-e ar (1 Put Roads, !0 which had been re-
feirod the bill for the relief of Joieph P. Caldwell,
which hu\ been returned from the Hous  wiih a
di-agrctina vote to an amendment by the Senate,
reponed  'h?  same back; with a recommendation
that the Senate insist on its amendment.
The questi-.n was put, and the Sena'e insisted.
On motion of Mr. ICERR, the Senate took up for
consideration the bill entitled An  act in addition
