COMPRESSION AL. CHLOBE.
■f.........•"   -.......................           ------- ■    '      '.........       :■=■■. ■   ■".           ■■'■■..     .       "■            i'"      ■■"!■■■ .'tjEi
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.                                  ---------WEEKLY---------                              PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
*-....."................               ......................      -.....       -                    .....                                        ■                    ■■■        ' ■""■ t
27th Cong.........2d S*ss.                                   SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1842.                                     Volume 11-— No. 53.
Continued fimn A o  52.
to an act to promote the progress of the useful
arts.
[The 2 j section of the bill proposed to so extead
the provisions of the 3 i section of the act ot
March, ¡837, which authorise  the renewal ot pat-
ents lost prior to the 15th December, J836, as to
allow & reneRral of those pranted prior to that
date, though they may have been subsequently
lost.
The 3d sec ion provides that any person or per-
sons who, by his, or her, or their own industry,
gpraus, effor'j and expense, may ¡save inven ad or
p*oc'uced any new and original deign, for a man-
ufacture, for the printing of wool'en, siMi, cotton,
or other fabrics; for a bust, statute, or has relief,
or any ntw and useful pattern, or print, or picture,
may maue app nation in wilting io the Commis-
sioner i Pa'ems, expiring ^ucb des re, and the
Comtriv «.r, oi due proceedings h d, cua" graot
a patent 'i ettk., &* m ihe c".se now, oi application
for a pa ent; rnd piovidmg tha' tiie fe° shall be
half the sum pa,,. by tht respective applicants, and
the di ration of -.--a pa'^nt shall be 7 years
The 5lh sec' on defends ihs p*uenie..a in their
rights, by attacbin? a penalty of $100 and cot, s
for   violation r* ^ueh rights, to be re^ove'td on
action in the dnied Suites district and o rcuit
courts, one-halt to go to the patent fund, and the
other halt to t e "lerion suing 1
Mr. KERR explained, at great leiir'h, that the
bill was intended f> ap It the jij;ht of ( Vents to
new objec's, ar'l thTtby br>ng atVi lonal revenue
mto the patent department, and to protect t íe rights
of patentees.
Mr. WilKSHT card, if he undeistood the bill, it
opened the doors as b'O ,d y to roru^ners as it did
to our own citizens; that any fore gner who niakts
an ínvemic i can piocure a patent for it, the only
difference b ing the pr,CJ to be paid for ihe same.
Mr. KERR said the ptfnt law would remain
the same under this bill as. under existing laws,
except as to the objects patentable. Foreigners
Under it (being EngU hmen) will have to pay $500
for a ps'en'; French, and other nations, $300, but
Americans taly §10
Messrs. WRIGHT p"d CLAVTON maintained
that such would be the construction of the bil', as
the third sec ¡on now read, d-,d that foreigner, in-
stead of paying $500 and $300, wc Jd only have
to pay half that sum.
Mr. MERRICK, to avoid such contraction,
moved an amendment; which, *ipr a few remarks
by Messrs. PRESTON and STURGEON, as to
their understanding ot the sec it j, eas adopted.
Mr. WRIGHT took exception to the second
section, wnich, he be leved, weuld h .ve the effect
to enable patentees, whosj patents had cxpned, to
come forward and obtain a paie.it far inventions
which were in general use—s-uch as ploughs and
other agricultural inventions; god dius e'iable
them to lay a heavy lax on tiose who aappened
to have those inventions in use. He was opposed
to giving a renewal of a pa'ent to any one under
such circumstances.
Messrs. KERR and HUNTPiQTON saw no
reason that the privileges should not bs extended
lo those whose p? cnts had expired after as well as
before the burning of the PaientOffi e building.
Ttse question now being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third re?dmg,
Mf. HUNTINGTON -a¡ i he w.sned to ex-
amine its provisions more fully, and moved to
postpone the furtner con J-ration of the bill till
to morrow. The question wab put, and the mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Bryan, Harrison and Benjamin Ytung; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roadj, reported, back, withou
asnc-fdcient, ihe joint rt olution for the extension
of ce'Mn ron'racts for carrying the mail.
Mr. WALKER said he liked the indulgence of
the Senate to coirtt-t a \ery great misapprehension
of his remarks in ihe Intelligence r of this morning
Under the 1 ead oí their Congressional Analysis was
the fol owing statement:
"But this v an n it all the law lately passed to meet the Mc
Leodcseco f i, n the Suoteme Court erthe United States a
lunsdietion the laiger, just ti propoition as you augment the
numbei of aliens, and tí at jurisdiction is not only ol civil, but
of criminal ca es
["Itatliei inexact, Mr Walker for one who, m king laws,
should underhand them "Onminal jurisdiction " used in this
way, without the intimation eve i of any lestnctioo, conveys
the posit e idea of the nos,,e -^un of all criminal cases what
ever, fio n the filhpirg of on^ s nose up tr murdet in the first
decree l\ow, evei \ body knows i hat the law in ques ion con>
Í la a criminal lun diction limited to such cases as McLeod'e,
w en not ai expitnated man, who has renounced the protee
tion of 1ns sovetei^n, but one actingdirectly undei his onleis,
commit-* in their execution, an act, not of perdona), but of ni
tional vio'eri e, a<aiost a eitu n of the V lite ! St-i es Ihe
le^islatoi who teat hes such an t xtreme misappiehen&ion of the
laws mn^soirn nsk ol being lnsttumen at to ti. i being broken
and et asile "j
Now, if the Intelligencer had chosen to refer to
h'S speech on this bil!, published at length m the
Globe of the 29 h of July, they would have per-
ceived how erroneous w.i> 'his -statement. In that
speet h he (Mr W ) had proved, not lhat the bill m
que tion embraced every criminal casp, but that
H was based on prmtnp'es by whirh Congress, in
its discretion, rfight giv*' to li'<? Federal courts ex-
clusive jurisdic ion iu all ca«es, civil and criminal,
in vfhich an alien was a pirt}; and the same
íep'Rrks were repeated on the last occasion This
fact 'oo, must hive been known to the In <>!hgen-
cr, for ihey haa before them his (Mr. W.'h) print-
ed speech, and, also, that of he Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to wh'ch ¡us (Mr. W 's) was a reply.
In that speech, in deitnce oí the McLeod bill, tbat
Senator said, in his argument written out by bim-
seif, and printed long since by the Intelligence!,
at, follows:
But, Mr Piesident, on this question listen to a witness of the
age ol the Co ¡ütitution, listen to the "g nuine information de.
hvered tj the JLe"is! tuieof the State o! Miiylaurl relative to
the proceedings of the treneral convention held at Philadelphia
in J5V, by Luthti Marin, ck] , atioiney geneial of Maryland,
and one of the delegates in the stld convention ' Ml Martin,
just íetiirned dom the convention, of which he had been an
eneigetic ni mb~r, in the presence </ one or more of his col
leattu^s n t tat bod} m the presence ol the House of D leeates
of Marylmd, to which he was in i'.tiig an cliborate report of
the dellbeiations an 1 proecdlníís winch ha I resulted in the
Constitution, andanelanoia e anal) sis oí tite^on3tituiíon itself,
then and theie employs this language
"The inquliy concerning aid tnalof, every offence against,
and biea hoi the laws of Congi"ss are also confided to its
courts 'I kc satpr com Is also have the solerijht lo inquire
concerning and tiy, every offence fiom. the lowest talk
highe*tx commute I by the citizens ofami other ¿stale or of a
foreign nation, against the law of this S ale xmlhin its lei
ritoiy An 1 in allthe^e case° the derision may be iltnnitely
br ititjht before the sut reme tribunal since the appellate jut is
dictwiexLcn Uiotriminal as well as to civii cases "—Yates's
Miiialis of (hi Federal Convention of ubl A Ediot site-
bate*.,pare ib
lie lieii,c rtaji>lv believed that "controversies" embraced
ciiminat Co i roversies I know he oppt sed and (headed
the C instltntl n I even admire, although I wonder at
and disapprove, the solemn earnestn ss and enerít> of
tiougit and eypre«-,ion with w¡ icn he cautioir the del
k alas of Ma yland to das,h to the eaitll the cup of poi
st n witrh ihe ct nvent on bad commended to their lips
But he was then a m^n, as I have always heard, of a
most powerlul and p nenatmg undt standing, trained by all
the learning, and by tto ' >ng exerei c oí his profession, and of
perfect integrity and honor That he rightly comprehended.he
ob,e sand thepiovi írnsofíheju'icial power,vvould seemj n
the highest decree prohibe, tint he would ven ure—the high
e¡-f law ofiVer m Miryhi'1—it lie head of hispiofession—fiesh
from the sit in s of th- cpnvention in presence of his col
leagues in presence of the I>gi !atuie—to misstate these ob
jectfe a"d pi is ins, I do not behove Certainly you cannot
produce a pamc eof contempo aneous testimony m pppos Hon
to thio, to be compared a moment with it for pertnence a^d for
strength ''
Here the Intelligencer had before them, in their
own columns-, m ihi* very able argument in favor
of the Mcj>od bill, thp unequivocil statement that
ne bill could be extended, at the discretion of
Congress, *o embrace all the cases stated Dy him,
of "every rffnee" committed by an alien, "from
the lo vest to the highest;" or, i.s the Intelligencer
states, "from the filliping of one's nose up to mur-
der." And yet, for this statement made by him,
aad which was exactly irse, and will not be ques-
tioned by any Senator, the Intelligencer deemed
his (Mr. W.'s) misapprehension so great i* to
render him more fit for a law-breaker than a law-
maker. Mr. W. said, after such extraordinary
and most unwairantable remarks of the Intelli-
gencer, he could not forbear to state, that
never, as he believed, had any speech, written out
at large by him, been repu Wished by them. In
this respect he desired no change, and made no
compla ni, on the contrary, he regarded this omis-
sion rathei as a compliment. But, inasmuch as
the Intelligencer thought proper to withhold from
their readers all his speeches written out at large
by himself, he thought he had a right to ask
that they would withhold all comment on those
speeches; and especially that they would not sub-
stitute their misapprehension for the printed speech.
It was due to candor that he (Mr. W.) should
state that the Senator from Mascacbuset's bad not
placed bis main ie lance on the doctrine quoted
from Luther Martin; still he had s"<ted hi*, clear
conviction lhat Congress, might exercise such a
power, and had made a most able and very elabo-
rate argument to prove it                                  \
THE TARIFF HILL.                   \
On motion of Mr. EVANS, ihe Senate proceed-
ed with the unfmióhed business of yester'ay, (hemg'J
the further con«'derauon of thvevenue bill,) as iuf
committee of the whole, the qaes'ion pending be-
ing on Mr. Benton's amendment to strike oat the
word setien, and insert Jive, in the 9ih line of the first
section; which will be understood from the follow-
ing extract of that part of the first section in which
the word seven occur;::
"On coarse wool manufactured, the value whereof, at the
last port or place whence exported to the United States, shall
be seven cen ", or under, per pt und, there shall be levied a duty
of h ve per centum ad valorem
Mr. BENTON said that on th.s motion, as on all
others to be made etiher by himself or others, he
intended to be brief, limiting himself to the ex:-
planatory statements which were necessary to make
his object known. He wished lo have his share in.
the legislation of the session, and for that purpose
to offer the amendments which he deemed neces-
sary to improve the character oí tbn bill; but he
did not wi^h to delay the action r' , ,e body, and
prolonga session already too loig. The bill be-
fci'3 the Senate w¡_s an important one—a tax bill
cf 54 pages—and it was bis yght and his duty to
attempt to improve it He couid not reconcile it
lo any sense of duty to permit 54 pages of faxes to
go through ttie Sena'e without examination, and
without attending to details,and the dutieson items,
in which all practical legislation dep-nded. The
present motion wa„ to reduce them nimtim en wool
from 7 cents ,o 5 cents. By thp bill, wool was di-
vided into two classes- above 7 cents c si, it is to
p?y a bevy duty, to wit: 3 CQnt* per pound, and
30 per centum on the value, cosang less than 7
cents, it is to pay but 5 per centum, which ia the
same as free.
Now the object of the bill is revenue, and these
rates defeat revenue: one is too high, the other too
low. All the wool that is imported, will be so
managed as to br.np it under the 7 cenfs cost.
This is proved by experience. The same classifi-
cation of imported wool has been heretofore made—
8 cen's being given in p'ace of 7—md what was
the consecrue-ce? Why, tint nine millions of
pounds weight of foreign wool was imported at a
value under 8 cents to vrit, at 71 cents; and
only half a million pounds weight aboye the value
of 8 cenls. Thus, there was no revenue from
wool' and thus it will be again; for although 7
cents is substituted for 8, yet the universal redac-
t on of prices is greater than m that proportion;
and the result will be the same under the minimum,
of 7 as of 8. No revenue will be had from wool,
and an injury will be done to agriculture. Wool
is an agricultural prodact. All parts of our coun-
try produce it, and produce all qtia'mes of it, and
in any quantity that the manufacturers can con«
sume.   Toe argument on the other aid* u, that a 
