CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            *$$
from all the sources of revenue, from 15 millions
to 27 milhoas.
Mr. GRAHAM called fur a division of the ques-
tion, from line 11 to line 14, and from that to the
end of the section.
The question was then taken on the first division,
being the first branch of the quoted proviso, and
resulted m the negative—yeas 15, nays 25, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Calhoun, Fulton,
King, McRoherts, Preston, Rives, Seviei, Walkei, Wilcox,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—15
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayaid, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Huntington, Kerr. Merrick, Millei, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Spiague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbndge—25.
The question then came up on the second division.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that he was well satis-
fied 30 per cent, was sufficient protection on any
cotton manufac ure.
Mr. BENTON read from the document of the
Commerce and Navigation of the United States,
the statement of the exportation of domestic man-
ufactured cottons, and showed that the exports for
the year 1840 amounted to three and a half mil-
lions of dollars, and lhat the e exports went to all
foreign countries—to South America and to China,
and to ihe British possessions m the East and
West Indies, and there contended with the cot-
tons of all the wond. After that, what reason, he
demanded, could be wanted for a high protective
or prohibitory duty here, unlets it was to exclude
foreign cottons under the minimum altogether, and
give a monopoly to the domestic manufacturer?
Mr. B. read the table of the domestic manufactured
cottons for the year 1840, and showed it to be—
Of printed and colored cottons    -      $398,977
White cottons     -           -           -     3,925,25'?
Nankeens           -           -           -           1,200
Twist, yarn, and thread -           -         31,445
All other cotton manufactures     -       192,728
3,549,607
Mr. B. said these were the gross exportation:
the detailed statement showed where ihey went,
and that they went all over the world, and contended
with foreign cottons under every clime. He in-
stanced some of these, to Chili $827,000 m white
cottons, and $30,000 in printed, to China $361,995
of white; to the British East Indies $153,484 ot the
samej to Brazil.$391,170 of white, and $79,533 of
printed; to Mexico $155,000 of white, and $86,883
of printed; and so on, there being scarcely a coun-
try in Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, to which
our manufactured cottons, and especially white cot-
tons, were not now earned. This, shows that they
can go abroad and contend with the cottons of the
■whole world. Then why this prohibition of foreign
importations? Why this arbitrary minimum and
fictitious valuation, except to create a monopoly in
favor of the home manufacturers? As manu-
facturing a domestic article, he was willing to
give the cotton manufacturer the higher incidental
protection resulting from a revenue duty, (say
30 or 33i per centum en tha value;) but he
could not go for prohibition and monopoly, and
that in a bill professedly for revenue' He was
against the minimum valuation, and the fictitious
value upon that arbitiary value; because it was
■wrong in itself, and because it threw the weight
of taxation on the coarse articles, and consequently
on the working people who use them. Cottin
goods, which cost 6 or 8 cent :, are to be taxed
•upon a valuation of 20 cents. This was not only
confounding, but reversing, the principies of taxa-
tion. By those principles, the rich and idle should
pay the highest tax. by this bill, the poor and the
laborer are to be taxed highest
The question was then taken on the second
division of the proviso, and resulted in the nega-
tive—yeas 17, nays 24, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Calhoun, Pulton,
Graham, King, Lmn, McRoberts Preston, Rives, Seviei,
Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wright, and Tí oung—17
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Banow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Fvans Hunting
ton, Kerr, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—2i.
Mr. WOODBURY wished to present an amend-
ment intimately connected with  commerce and j
navigation. It was m relation to the 11th line of
the 12th section, 37th page: to strike out the words
"sixty days," and insert "six months," in the fol-
lowing passage:
" And if any such goods [imported goods, on which the duty
is neglected to be paid] remain in public store beyond sixty
days (except m the case of goods imported from beyond the
Cape of Good Hope, remaining foi the space of 90 days) with
out payment of the duties thereon, then said goods, wares, and
merchandise, *c , shall be appraised, and sold at auction," &c.
Mr. W. observed that, being on the commit-
tee whose official duty it was specially to ex-
amine the character of this bill, he had regretted
to find it strangely honile to the commercial and
navigating interests of the country. He therefore
felt obliged, by his regard to the extensive, useful,
and important interests connected with those
branches of industry, to make an effort (probably
unavailing) to relieve them, in these embarrassed
times, fron new burdens and oppressive restric-
tions These matters at large he would not, at this
late hour, debate. He knew the Senate was impa-
tient for final action. Hence he would at once name
the first object—which was to exempt the shipouild-
ers and shipowners from 'he new duty imposed by
this bill on copper sheathing. This article had
been free for several years, if not always; and now,
when the navigating interests were admitted to be
heavily burdened otherwise by high duties on the
hemp, cordage, and iron used in their great and
vital manufacture of ships, you, the professed
friends of commerce, propose to tax it still more on
(his «ssential article.
Without saying another word on this subject
now, when the committee rose he would ask the
favor ot the yeas and nays in the Home on the
motion to place copper plates for sheathing vessels
in the free list.
The next particular in which the bill was very
objectionable, was the short time it allowed mer-
chandise to remain m store without being sold, un-
less the duty was paid. Formerly, a long credit
was given on goods taken oat of store, though for
immediate sale er consumption. But now, cash
duties were required—and he thought properly, on
several general considerations. Yet the system
being new, it certainly seemed advisable not to
push the system of collections unnecessarily and
harshly beyond its fair ex'ent. He, therefore,
moved to extend the time from two to six months
for selling goods in store, on which the duties re-
mained unpaid.                                   '
Mr SIMMONS said this was going back to the
credit system, and was worse than that.
Mr. WOODBURY replied that not a day's credit
was, requested by his amendment on a single ar-
ticle taken out of the public stores, either for sale
or consumption. The S*nator mistook the case.
Whi'e the goods remained unused and unwanted,
nobody was injured by their continuing longer in
store It defrauded neither the revenue nor the
manufacturer.
It wa« sound commercial wisdom everywhere
to let foreign merchandise be exonerated from tax-
ation while it was in depot or warehoused. No
sagacious mercantile policy ever acted otherwise
Mi SIMMONS asked if this had ever been dene
in this country.
The question was then taken; and resulted in
the negative—yeas 11, nays 25, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Bagby, Benton, Calhoun, Linn, McRoberts,
Rives, Tappan, Walker, Witcox, Woodbury, and Wright—11
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Buchanan,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden,!Dayton, Evans,
Huntington, Ken, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbrldge-25
Mr. WOODBURY said his next amendment, in
promotion of commerce and navigation, was to ex-
tend the period of re-exportation, with a drawback,
from one to three years The last term had been
our law *br eight or ten years—and that, under Ad-
ministrations which had been assailed as unfriendly
to merchants. But now, forsooth, under the pow-
ers that be, which were to reform all this, the mer-
chants are to be cut off from two-thirds of this
privilege. The Senate had just cut them off from
another permission, to keep any goods in store with-
out paying the duties—a practice, he would now
apprize the Senator from Rhode Island, that had
long existed here, as to wines, spirits, teas, &c, as
|   well as in other countries.
This bringing cf merchandise here, and then
carrying it to other countries, had always been one
of the most prosperous branches of business to our
sbippiag. It was now from one-fifth to one-seV-
enth of the whole employment of our tonnage en-
gaged in foreign trade, and had, in its halcyon days,
a third of a century ago, engrossed half of it. The
Senate seem unconscious of the new and great em-
barrassment and injury they thus produce, by de-
priving that valuable branch of business of many
beneficial freights, and preventing our cities from
becoming, like the most flourishing in Europe
at different eras, vast warehouies for assorted car-
goes for mo«t of the world.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
negative—-yeas 15, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Fulton,
Lmn, McRoberts, Rives, Sevier, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—15
NAYS—Messrs Atener, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Hun-
tington, Kerr, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbndge—24
Mr. WOODBURY said that, immediately con-
nected with this, was another extraordinary burden
imposed by this bill on the mercantile interest.
It was a new tax of 2i per cent, on all drawbacks.
This had been abolished many yea-s ago by the
administration reproached as hostile in other respects
to commerce. But now it was reimposed by the
boasted friends of the latter. These were the
methods in which relief was to be extended.
The re-export is taxed, not because the article is
either sold or coniumed here, or because this
branch of business is at all injurious to man-
ufacturers. But the tax is a mere tax—a naked
burden on the navigating interest As the fees
might, by some, be supposed not entirely to cover
all custom-house expenses connected with this
matter, he would obviate even that objection, by
moving to strike off all but 1 per cent., which would
be enough to indemnify every pretended charge.
This amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that these various
votes against what seemed to him but naked jas-
, tice to those of our citizens connected with foreign
commerce, did not encourage him to make many
more attempts in their favor. But there was a
marking, certifying, &c. of teas, on the 40 h page,
which would be burdensome in fees, and other
ways, to those engaged in that trade, and to pur-
chasers. He would ask the chairman ii it was not
put in formerly, when the bill made tne duties spe-
cific on teas? and, if so, whether they were at all
necessary now that the duty was ad valorem?
Mr. EVANS thought the clause still necessary, m
some respect*, though his information was not txact
concerning it, as his attention had not before been
called te it.
Mr. WOODBURY added, that it was a system
expressly abolished in 1832 as useless and op-
pressive We now seek to revive it, to the direct
mjury of commerce. It seems that we are to take
the back track in everything favorable to trade,
and abolish at once all which others have done to
advance its prosperity. Nothing is attempted in
the way of improvement or reform; but everything
is retrograde. He moved to strike out the pro-
vision.
This amendment was also rejected.
Mr. WOODBUR^jisaid one more attempt to pre-
vent loss, or new embarrassment to the foreign
trade, and he had done for the present. The pros-
pect was hopeless of succeeding in anything, un-
less it tended to advance manufactures. Agricul-
ture and commerce, and even revenue,'fared equal-
ly bad, and were all madeto bend to the interests m
manufactures. What he should now attempt, was
to insert in the 49th page a provision exonerating
cargoes from the operation of this bill, when the
vessels containing them had sailed on the 1st of
August from ports homeward, situated this side of
Cape Horn and the Cape of Good Hope. The
bill now exempted those sailing from beyond those
capes before the 1st of September Why not then
grant a like and just privilege this side, considering
the difference m distance? No frauds could occur
by it, as the vessels must have sailed some time
j even before the passage of the bill.   Failing in
