CQNGBESSIONál* GtOBB.
&¡8j (as he doubtless Should, from the inveterate
aversion discovered to-day to give any relief what-
ever to navigation &>id commerce,) he should not at
present propose any further amendment.
The quesfon was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. McROBERTS moved to strike out ¡ea and
coffee from dutifble articles. If the land land were
restored to the treasury, it would yield three mil-
lions; and that would be sufficient to meH the du-
ties on tea, coffee, and salt. He therefore moved,
m page 9, section first, to insert among the tree ar-
ticles tea and ccffee
Mr. BENTON cal'ed for a divinon of the sub-
ject. He wished it first to be taken upon striking
out tea, and for an obvious reason. Gvffee came
from a country wl, 3b was m the habit of taking
much of our eg icu tural productions.
Mr. KÍNG *&> in favor of needing those arti-
cles ami i g free «. > e'es, if the land fund were re-
stored to the treasury.
Mr. ALLEN said he was a are that the amend-
ment offered by the Senaior from Alabama would
be propo eii; }st La had no hope that it would
be adopted—none whatever Let tae character cf
the bill be what it might—however monstrous—it
was ordawed that it -hould pass, and without giving
any reasons He had risen to mark the circum-
stance which had given rue to the bill, and which
went to establish a principle more daring tcan any
which were embodied m it. He would not as-
cribe to the bill the origin ef the practice by which
it was passed. That pract ce originated with ano-
ther bill which came here from the House, and
was passed without consideration, and against the
judgment of the Senate. He referred to the ap-
portionment brli, which came to ¡he Senate with its
second section inserted by a carefully drilled patty
vote. In this body, it was re orred to one of the
standing commrtees—i comm'tee selected for its
wisdom and us knowledge of matters appertaining
to the judiciary—a committee composed of a ma-
jority cf the triumphant parly in the Senate and the
House, and constituted for the express purpose of
representing the wi'l of that nwj "lty. After full
conspiration, that comait.ee—acting upon their
oaths—repo. ed back the bill with amendments.
What did the Senate dt? It refused to vote the
amendments Other amendments were pi oposed, but
they fell as with the fatality of an omniscient de-
cree.
Not one of that party forming the majority in
the two Houses ot Congress voted for these amend-
ment; an J wh>? Was it that tl>ey were not
necessary or pp per? Was it thai it would be
unwise to amend the bill? No, Mr; but, as avowed
by the Sena'or from Louisiana—tf you amend a
single section of the bill, it would render itb fate
uncertain in another quaiter. The Senate, then,
refuses to exe"U3e its solemn legislative faculties,
suspenda its constitutional attributes, and declares
its want ef coifidence in the stability of the House,
and its unwillingness 18 trust the House with the
revision of its own doings What (said Mr
Allen) is the character of the bill which it is not
permuted de Siiiac to amend ? It is a bill im-
posing a t x ot $27,000 000 on the people of this
country; a b il on a i,objeet so sacred, as to be
required to originate only in that House which
is supposed 1j reprfseni ¿he embodied will
of the people, a b'll, which must be con-
sidered in Cnmjnt<ee of the Whole, to take it
out of ths reach of the previous question;—such a
bill as th¡% o immg from the Hou=e ¿lili all the
marks of has e, incomp'ete, monstrous in all its
linean  n*% recommended by a committee which
speaks the will ri tue majority in beth Houses, re-
fened to .be Committee on Finance, and reported to
the Sena'e by that commii'ee with various amend-
ments. What does (he Sena'e do? The bill is
called up, bu>, instead of examining the propriety
of thesp ament'men^, tne vty ¿hich compose the
majority of 'bat very committee—that party which
compos the majority ot the Serate and ¡he Houce—
bat the party which represents but one-third of the
American people, if we are to take as a standard
the expression of popular will that we have re-
cently bad}—by that party these amendments are, in
theit order, voted down; and the determination is
avowed of passing the bill as it Is.
Has%lhe Sena e of the United States any right to
say that it will not exercise its legitimate functions,
and make itself a mere mindless mass, ready to re-
ceive whatever may be brought to it from the
House, without thought or consideration? It is a
bill to impose on your constituent', sir, a tai, the
most odious and oppressive that has ever been im-
posed since the last war. Tne universal cry of the
nation is relief instead of burdviis, and yet you are
required to vote for this bill, to tax yonr constituents
to the amount of twenty-'even millions of dolh's,
without exerting your faculty of reason, lest the «id
should go back to the House. And why net let it
go back to the House? Why, because the ell
came here by a majority of but two or three, and a
majority not exclusively a p^rty majority—a lax
oi twenty seven millions of dollars, to be imposed
withent thought -r consideration, under the spur of
the gag in the House, and with muffled mouths
and tied hand  in the Senate, for the reason that
the publiccalami i*a are cryin  aloud in our ears
This tai is to be imposed by a Congress condemned
and cashiered by ths people. This is the sort of
Con'res-, and these are the means, by which a bill
of tms species is to be passed—and that, too, sir, in
the eighth month of the session, when want of time
is made an additional pretext f„r hastening the
adoption of an lrnportai t bill of this kind, withcut
consideration and without examination, under tne
exercite of tne gag in one House, and in the c .ier
under the operauon of ast°rn,irievocab'e, indomi-
table decree. If this is the way :n wh'ch laws are
to be passed, it is lime the people should know it.
The people of this country are a speaking, a hear-
ing, and a thinking people; and ihey will not fail to
mark those who endeavoi to procure the passage
of an enormous tax in this manner.
There is not a Senator on the other side—*aken
separately and detached from his party—who
would not be disposed to amend the b'll; yet, it is fa-
ted to piss, wh a 1 i!s imper'edcnsonitshead—
a bill wn'fh continues the distnoution of the pro-
ceeds of the puo'ic lands, and imposes taxes on the
very stomachs of the people, to make up the
amount thus abstracted.
He (Mr. A ) hoped such amendments as might
be deemed wití atid proper would yet be moved,
without regard to time or any other circumstance;
&nd ihat upon every such amendment the yeas and
nays would be taken, so that the country might
mark ihe course of Senators by tneiracts; at>d that
when we come to review Ihe bill as revised,
they might see at once who were in fevor of
this enormous mass of taxation. He (Vfr. A )
would not vote to tax the people one dollar beyond
the amount required by the sternest and most in-
dispensable necsssily.
Tne question was then taken on the first branch
of the amendment, (tea,) and rejected: yeas 20,
nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, iulton, Kmg Linn, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—20
N \Y¡5—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bt es, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Hunt ng
ton, Kerr, Manguni, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Port-r,
Preston, Rives, Simmons, Sra th of Indiana, teprague, Tall
mad"", White, and Woodbndge—27
The question was then taken on the second
branch, (ccffee ) and resulted also in the negative,
yeas 20, nays 27, as follow^.
YEAS Messie Allen, Bigby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun'
C thbert, Pulton, Km , Linn, McRoberts Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Stm con, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams
Wo dbuiy, Wright, and Young— 20
NAYS—Messrs Aicher, Barrow, Bates Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad Crafts, Cimenden, Dayton, Evans Huntin"
ton, kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Por e\
Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Bprague, Tall'
madge, While, and Vv oodbndge—27
¡Mr BENTON moved to strike out from the
mídale of ihe 104 h line, section 6th, page 13, the
following passage-
1 On pound r ms, 20 cer .s per pound, on sewing, tambourine,
darning netting, knitting, and all other kinds of needles, a
duty of 20 per cent ad valorem "
Mr. B. observed that hts motion was to strike
out the duties on pms, solid-headed pins, needles,
knitting needles, and darning needles; and said
that here was a tax upon articles of universal use,
and for the purpose of protecting two lit le pin fac-
tories in the United Slates—one in Connecticut, at
Derby; t>ie other in New York, at Poughkeepsie.
These were the only two pin factories that be
knew of in the United Siaies, and ihey could not be
called domest c manufactories, for they only work-
ed up foreign wire made of foreign metal Out of
tlvs tore gn wire ihey made a club-headed pin, like
out club headed na'!; which was rouah, and tors
ihe clothes. The round headed pm was not made
by them; yet all round headed pms, must be taxed,
m order to pamper two little factories whiHi em-
ployed themselvej m cutting up foreian wire, and
sharpening ore end of it while blocking a head
upon ihe olaer Thus universal taxation of pins was
to take (lace in ihese United State -, and this was
one of the changes ooiamed by the late elections
The people were promise 1 changes, and they were
gp ting them1 ?nd getting them with a vengeance.
Under Mr. Van Burén'  administration, Ihere were
seventy-ionr mi'hons of dt. íars worth of free goods
—goods entering into ihe daily consumption of the
people Now, all is taxrd, except what the manu-
facturers use. Here is a bill of fifty four pages of
taxes and in reading it o/er, it seemed that every
thing that entered into human consumption was
taxed, and for fear anything might be forgotten,
there was a reserve—a precautionary section—a
sort of ntt to catch all 'hit was floating by—and
which placed a duty of 20 per cntum on *ll the
articles víhich >vrre not na^ed in tne bill. It
"aemed to be to ca*ca all that was forgotten; so
thai, if he succe led m his motion, ihese pins and
needles tsou'd still be taxed, ihjy would fall into
the net. But he would rr ike a motion to place
themm the free ii-t, if successful in striking them
out of the bill. He would try and fish them out of
the net.
Mr. B. «aid he was born smce the Revolu-
tionary war, but soon enough after it to hear
mothers of famil es talkng about .ne privations of
the war, and especially the warn cf pms, and the
necessity of using thorns to fasten their clothes.
He had, therefore, a great an'ipathy to taxing
pms: an ar'de which evrv body must use. He
had hea-d the la e Mr. John Randolph say that,
while a doliar bank-note was a disgusting thing
in his eyes, wh'ca he would not louch, yet a brass-
pin was a respectable object, which he took care
of This arose from his revolutionary feelings,
wh n he was aecus'orr^d to see a fire lady using
thorns in place of pms, and a rewarding kiss to
the child that should find a real pm and bring it to
her.
Mr. B. said he did not wish to see people sent
back to thorns again as a substitute for pms. He
then took up needles. He said that needles were
used by seamstresses—by white women who sewed
for their living—and who, of all the descriptions of
laborers in our country, were the most poorly paid.
He believed that the whi'e woman in the United
States, who sewed for her living, got the poorest
pay which the labor of the country exhibited: yet
here was a proposition to make it still poorer The
Federal Governm<"-t pounces down upon them,
and taxes the instrument of their labor! It taxes
the needle in their hards, so th=t they shall not
sew a stitch wi'hotit paying i'ax to Ihe Govern-
ment—and th=it, to help to r„a >, i>p for the loss of
the land revenue Mr. B b-lieved if this tax on
needles was continued, the Whi.  party would be
sewed up Mi. B. then took up the artxle of
kmtting-ree ties, ?nd said it was hard to tax the
old ladies who st.lt followed the laudable custom.
ofkmttinp their own stockings Bad as this was,
he sa'™/ stil* worse was to follow—that of taxing
darning needles, °o 'hat ihe fiugal mother could
no longer darn the heel and toe of her children's
stockings without pa}ing a tax to this splendid
Federal Government under its magnificent Whig
¡ule
He cal'ed for the yea"; and nays which were or-
dered, and vesulted m the nega ive—yeas 19, nayf
25, as follows:
YE/>S -Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Ciuhbert, Fu.wn, King, Lion, McRoberts, Sevier Smith of
Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, William , Woodbury,
Wright, and Young1—19
NAYS—Messr  Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, CMate,
Clayton, Comad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Bysm, Bunting 
