CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         S3f
*■■.....—"■.....'"  '......—■'""   -**•.....■' "................   ...... :■-'   .     ■    ■       ■■'               ■■-     ■"      ''.•■'■ ................■.......•^■t-—.---■——j^f .■ -......-'......Jmii...,..^
Wtii Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Simmon , Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Taltmadge, White, and
WoodbrIdge-25.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to strike out that pro-
vision of ihe bill which imposes $2 50 per pound
«pon silk goods, and insert a duty of thirty per
cent, ad valorem upon the same goods. He s=ud
he could not consider this duty as intended for any
other purpose than revenue. He was aware that
there had been, and was row, a vigorou  and
creditable effort to establish the culture and manu-
facture of silk in this country; but he did not sup-
pose it would be contended, or pretended, that
either the culture or the manufacture had yet
reached that state of advancement when a pro-
hibitory duty should be imposed. Hi- was willing
to place silk* amon  the luxuries of importador ;
and, as such, he was willing to make them a souice
of revenue,- and his object was to show that ibis
duty Was not a revenue duty, but a prohibition.
Hence he moved to modify it; jind he rested upon
the following statement of the value per pound of
those goods, derived from one oí the oldest import-
ing merchants oi the city of New Yoik, and a man
upon whose statements of fact he could rely wnh
perfect confidence. This experienced merchant
had taken pains to inform himseli as to the value
of silks imported, as determined by the pound
weight, and the following was the result:
Table of the cost per pound of various foreign mame-
faclured silks.
China.


Costs
pound of white pongees
■   S3 4b
do
black sewings
2 9i
do
coioied sewings -
Italian.
■     3 24
do
best eeftmg «ilk
1) 00
do
bei-t lutedrlng    -
-     7 S9
do
black cravats
Swiss.
.     S OJ
do
best lutestring
.   10 S6
do
gros de fcuis e
-     6 70
do
plain ribands
French.
-     8 SO
do
black velvet
.   12 70
do
foulard si k
.   11 25
do
fieured 3101 de Naples  -
-   11 00
do
plain satin
9 00
do
silk hofce -
.    10 <M
do
shawls
■     9 30
do
black crape
English,
.     4 %
do
spun silli stockings
■     1 35
do
spun silk shirts  -
. s 00
do
spun silk handkeichiefs
-     6 W
do
black ci avats
-     8 24
do
bandana handkerchiefs .
-     t) 50
do
silk lace(p! in)
Sti CO a 12 00
do
silk lace (figuicd)
20 UO 0 30 00
From these values it would be seen lhat the
plain, strong, heavy silk«, tueh as the great mas:.
of the females of the community wear—.f they
are to be permuted to wearstlks at -11—must pay a
duty of from 60 to 100 p'r cent; the fine figured
silks and laces, costing Irom £13 10 po per ptund
weight, only pay a duty of from 25 to 81 per pent.
In his judgment, lh refore, ihe du'y would bs
entirely prohibitory upon Lie article of great con-
sumption, and that wbici constituted the principal
importation, and gave the principal revenue; while
the í>ilks of extreme luxury—he might say of
tnsre finery, rather than of use—would be permitted
to come in at a moderate, and in some cases very
low duty. Tht5 was bo'h unjust as 10 our citi-
zens, and unwise as to the revenue; and he hoped
the motion m sht prevail
Mr. EVANS observed that it was a matter of
some difficulty, and ihe attention of ihe Financ-
Comraiitee had been called to 11; but they could not
come to any other conclusion than to leave it as
they found it in th° bill. This trade in silk to the
extent of 92 or 93 par cent, was in the hands of
foreigners. Acconlnu to the report of the Secre-
tary of ihe Treasuiy, it appears that great and con-
stant frauds are pcrpeuated, which could not be
met in any other way than by the change proposed
from the ad valorem plan to lhat in the bill. If
this bill stands on the principle of imposing a less
duty in propornoa to value on silkJ of the highest
price, it is on tha general ground that articles cf
luxury will not bear so high a duty as articles of
necessity.
Mr. SIMMONS read, from a letter which he hsd
received from Boston, the price of foreign silks im-
ported, varying from $7 to $15 per pound, showing
an average of $10 a pound. This duty was about
25 per cent, on the average value.
Mr. WRIGHT observed lhat the gentleman who
had been writing to him on the subject, had been
for a long time in favor of the duty by the pound,
till in January he had, from going over his own
goods to see the effect, concluded that it was
utterly impracticable; and that the only just way
was to lay the du'y on the ad valorem principle.
Mr. SIMMONS replied.
Mr. BENTON said this bill was alike in all its
feaiures and details—taxins highest those who
were least able to bear it. Here is a tax of $2 59
per pound uoon silks—a new mole of taxing tbat
article, and most unfair. This is a case in which
a pound is not a pound in every instance; for the
coarse silks and the daik colors weigh most. They
weigh most, both because the material is less clean-
ed or purified, and because the dark coloring mat-
ter is heavier. This will make a great difference in
the purchase of the same number of yards of a fine
light colored silk, or a thick dark-colored one; and
would be injurious to the working people, or peo-
ple of small properly, who want silks for u.e and
wear more than for show. Again: he said tbc-e
heavier and darker silks came principally fiom
Germany, where our products were taken on good
terms, and where we found fifty millions of custom-
ers. The German customs-union were all friendly
to our commerce; and we should not so tax theirs
as to make an injurious di'cnmma'ion, especially
whsn we injured the laboring, or less rich pau of
our own population.
Mr. WRIGHT, since last up, had ascertainfd
the averag* of silks from different countiies. He
found the average of French silks n* arly as slated
by the Senator from Rhode Idsrici—$9 91 cents.
But Italian and Chinese silks were infinitely lower.
The averages are: 011 China silk% $3 20; on Ital-
ian, §7 29, on Swiss, $8 6S, on French, $9 "91;
.snd on Bnlish, $5 and leis. The duty would, ir
some cases, am ".¡'it to a rrobibi'io".
The yeas and npys being cal'ed for a'vl ordered,
the quesuon wa- taken on this amendment, and re-
sulted in the negitive—yeas 19, nays 25, as fol-
low.-:
YE \S—Mesns A'len, B nton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuih-
beil, fulton, King, Linn, McRoheits, Soviei, ¡smith of C m
necticut, Stuiaeon, lappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—19
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Harrow, Bates, Bayiid, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Ciafts, Crittenden, Daytoo, Evans, Hun-
tington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moiehead, Phelps,
Porter, Rives Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
and White—25
Vr. RIVES moved to amend Ihe bi'l, m pr^e
33, une 138, by striking out twelve cení-, per gallon
onF/ench vrm'S, and inserting six cents peí Rallón.
He thought all the duties cf thts bill ioo high for
revenue. The ohang" he proposed would be 1
revenue du'y. He believed more duty voulrt be
collected under G than 19 cems per gallon. The
efec, therefore, oí a reduction on wine, in "n> in-
stance, pro/ed very benefice1 It increase! th 
revenue, and increased our exports of co ton and
tobacco to those countries of wiich the v.ine was
purchased.
On this question the yeas and najs were callrd
for and ordered. The question resul'ed in the
negative—yeas 1', nays 26, as follows:
YE4S—Messrs Benton, Cilhouo, Fulnn Ki-?, Linn, Mc-
Ttoherts, Presión Rivos, Sevier, Smidl of Com,euicu', S'ur-
ge n, Tappan, Wilcox,and Wrigty—34
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Btrrow, Ba es, Bayirl, Buchanan,
Ctoite, Clayton, Contad, Ciafls, Ciltt^nuVn Davton, Evans,
Gr 'lain, Huntington, Ken, Mangum Meuick, Miller, More
he id, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Smith u( Indiana, Sprague,
Tallmadge, and White—2b.
Mr. RIVE3 said he had other amendments to
offer; but h¿ was so discouraged by the obvious
determination to reject all amendments, ttat he
would not trouble the Señale.
Mr. PRESTON moved an amendment lo the
proviso in page 6, in relation to foreign boobs im-
ported—the o'-jíct of which was to facilitate the
importation of old standard work-?—hy af raduated
scale of reduction of duty proportionate to ihe time
since published.
Mr, WOODBURY was ¡a favor of the raotioa
to reduce the duty on books. Bat he wished to go
still further.
After the vote had been taken on it, he should
naove to put all books in the free lis', as he had for
some days intended before the bill was finally dis-
posed of. He might as well, in half a dozen sen-
tences, at this late hour, say now all which ha
would trouble the Senate with on this matter at
any time.
If all books are free, those in relation to poli-
tics, and tchool-bioks foi priaiüiy eduea'ion,
wonld still be printtl here; as they would almost,
as a matter of course, be chiefly cor" ¡led here by
persons so much better acquainted wi'h oar insti-
tutions and s, stems.
This would give great and exclusive employment
to our own publishers, to whom he wished all equal
and just success. But m respect to works on arts,
which enter into the business of prac ical Jife—ia
every rank of society, however humble; in respect
to treatises on morals and religion; ai.d in respect
to books of travels, without reference to those in
belles-lettres,—why should the whol" people bs
taxed so highly for knowledge? Hs was for
making as little expensive as possible the food of
the mind.
Can wp, in revising our «hole taxing system,
justify ourselves to burden any of the avenues to
popular mtel lgence and popular h % ? He would
as soon think of impjsing a tar < n schoolhouses
and churches.
Mr. EVANS did not see any necesii'y for this
amendment; ifforeig'i bo k- we>e nece'sary for
general u->e, ihey would be reprinted in this coun-
try to suit ;re i'<nund.
Mr. SIMVCONS and Mr. FRE3T0N made a
few remarks; after which, ihe qne*'icn was taken,
and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to insert "books"
amorg the free ar ides.
This amendment was also rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to amend the first para-
graph of the. fifth section, page 14 from line 5 to
(be end, being daues on imported gla'-s, to s'rike
out all ihs do íes by the pound, and insert 33 per
cení.
Mr. EVANS sa'd it was a change from a spe:
c fie duty to an ad valorem duty. To this he was
opposed. The one was certain, and the other un-
certain.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The question wf< then tfben, and resulted in the
negative—yeas 20, nays 27, as, folio  s.
YE AS—Messrs Allen, Hachy, I!ei ton, Calhoun, Cuthbett,
Pulton, King.Linn, McKobeits, Pies'on, Rives,"ovier,Smltii
of Connecticut, Tdnpan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—20.
NAYS—Me^.s Aioher, Borrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
CI yton, Í onr tl, Graf s, Cuttend-n, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Hunt' i='on, Ken, Mrinirmo, Munck, Millei.Moiehead, Phelps,
Ponei, riimmons, Sr'nth of In liaui bprague, Sturgeon,
rallmad£„, While, aiU Wnodlntlge—27.
Mr. hENTON moved t • s'vke on', ppge 3%
1 iter, 159 to 161, the duly oa bo'tles m wmch wines
¡ire impor ed.
This, amendment was r¡ j cted
Mr. BENTON said he ha i now several amend-
ments to propc>e, in reialion to fait, but, as the
hour was late, he snouit' move  n adjournment.
The Senate then (at 5 oVloc1-) a !jGure<.d.
HOUSE OF REPRE3IVTATIVES.
WED^ESDtY, A .¿us 3, 1812
Mr. J. COOPER, from the C >mmittee on In-
dian Affairs, reported S- ate bi'l o provide for lha
satisfaction of claims ansn g imdei the 14 h and
19th articles of ths tiea'y ot D„ncir>g Rabbit creek,
with amendments. It vra.> commit'td to the Com-
mute" of ihe Whole.
Mr CRANSTON moved that the Crmmittee of
the Whole be dischargfd firm the funber < onsid-
eraiton of the Señale b.ll entitled An act to annex
part of the town of Tiverton, in Rhode Is-land, to
the collec ion district of Fall River, m Ma-sachu-
seits. The motion was agn ed to; a:.d the bill was
passed through its final stages.
Mr. J. THOMPSON moved to take up a bill to
confirm the sales of pub'dc lands in criam cases.
He said it was reported at the request ff the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, to enable
