1S8
CONGRESSIONAL OtOBE.
him to discharge the duties of his office; and he
[Mr. Thompson] now moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from its further consider-
ation.
Objection being made,
Mr. THOMPSON moved a suspension of the
rule; on which he called for the yeas and nays,
which were not ordered.
A member was heard to call for the orders of the
day.
Mr. BARNARD called for the consideration of
the bill in relation to the rearrangement of the ju-
dicial circuits, which, ha said, was laid on the table
yesterday, with the understanding that it should
come up to day.
After a few words between Messrs. BARNARD,
HOPKINS, and others, the question was taken on
the nfotion to go into Committee of the Whole,
J\ was agreed to.
Í.EOROAN1ZATION OP THE ARMY.
ie House resolved itself into Committee of the
ile, (Mr. Fessenden in the chair,) andresumed
onsideration ef the "bill respecting the organ-
ization of the army, and for other purposes "
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS ^aid he had made no at-
tempt to get the floor, till late yesterday evening,
because the discussions during the day were con-
fined mainly to the supenntendencyof the armories.
On this subject he felt no very deep interest, but
in reference to the general reduction of the army,
he felt the deepest interest.
He said we were at peace with all the world.
Throughout the wide extent of our country, except
in Florida, all was peace and quiet, and, wuh two
or three exceptions, security from danger. At all
the pointi where we are secure from danger, we
have but little use for troops. Then we should re-
duce.
He s'id the character of the times had greatly
changed. We should find it difficult, by any sys-
tem which could be adopted, to raise a sufficient
revenue to meet th* expenses of the Government,
unless the expenses were greatly reduced. We
were compelled to reduce expenses Necessity
would drive us to the reduction. Our constnuents
required ¡he reduction, and generally he had gone
for it, and should continue to do so.
But he had said one point was not at peace, and
Some others were in danger. There was still some
difficulty in Florida. We should keep a force
there, till those difficulties were settled—(ill that
country was entirely at peace. When this period
arrives, troops will no longer be needed there.
On our western border the people were not se-
cure from danger. We had removed the Indians
from every part of the Union, to the country west
of Missouri, Arkansas, and Iowa. His honorable
friend from Arkansas  [Mr Caoss] had told them,
but the oiher day, that the number of warriors on
our Western border exceeded 60,000. These war-
riors are always well mounted, (and they are the
finest horsemen in the world,) capable ot moving
from point to point with the greatest rapidity.
Against such warriors, in a country like that west
of Missouri and Arkansas—a country in the gen-
eral having a level surface, and abounding in
prairies—infantry can be of no service We must
Aave mounted troops. None are better than the
dragoon corps.
Mr. E. said that we had crowded together on
our Western borders many Indian tribes from dif-
ferent parts of the Union, differing in manners,
customs, habits, languages, and degrees of civiliza-
tion ; being civilized, half-civilized, and savage
We had mixed together every grade of character,
from the quiet and peaceful Sbawnee to the wild
and desperate and ungovernable Seminole. In
such a mixture of manners and habits, and de
grees of civilization, difficulties would necessarily
arise, and did continually arise, which required the
presence of troops to suppress them
West of these various tribes are the native In-
dians, still more wild, and ctuel, and savage than
the Seminole The Camanches—the most warlike
*nd powerful tribe west—range the border of all
the country inhabited by the civilized Indians. The
civilized Indians are liable to constant incursions
from the more western and more savage Indians.
feAs we have placed these Indians in an exposed
condition, they are entitled to our protection. We
have engaged, by treaty stipulations, to protect
them
Mr. E said, then, to protect our Western settle-
ments from the neighboring Indians; to prevent
outbreaks among the numerous tribes which we
have crowded together m the West; to prevent
wars among Indians themselves; and to protect
the civilized Indians against tne savage Indians
still further West, we should keep a competent
military force in the West.
Mr E. said he was opposed to disbanding either
regiment of dragoons. The West needed that
description of force; and a force equal to the two
regiments. Our Western settlements are not se-
cure from danger without them, nor are the In-
dians secure without them.
Mr E. admitted that his course had, to some ex-1
tent, the appearance of being selfish, but he hoped
he was not operated on by selfish motives. He
went for reducing the army, but he would go for
giving any point protection which was not secure.
He contended lhat the Western country was not
secure against the Indians. He then winted the
dragoons retained, and wanted them in the West
He thought the entire Union was interested m re-
taining them, and in keeping them stationed on our
Western borders. It should be recollected that Ar-
kansas and Missouri formed a barrier, a breast-
work, a bulwark, between the Indians and their
sister States; they protected them, and guarded
them against the incursions of the Indians. Arkan-
sas and Missouri were, then, entitled to the aid and
protection of those other Slates, in consideration of
their services as barriers against the Indians. -—-^
Mexico exercised an influence over nwny of the
Western Indians. We might yet be involved in
difficulties with Mexico. In that event, she would
exercise her influence over the Western Indians,
and drive them to the commission of outrages'
against our Western settlement";. Oar traders <
from Arkansas to Chihuahua, and from Missouri
to Santa Fe, would be molested. This irade was '
carried on, originally, at great hazard and risk of/
li'e and property An escort of a few dragoons]
•-gave protection to some of our cavalcades trading
West, and impressed upon (he wild Indians an
idea of our determination to protect that trade.
Our tradeis were, from that time, more re pecied
by the Indians, and the trade has since been car-
ried on in comparative safety. A similar influ-
ence seems to have been exercsed over the In-
dians in the neighborhood of the Rocky Moun-
tains The trade to that portion of the West
has been csrried on at less hazard than usual.
Mr E referred to these facts to show ihe moral
influence which the presence of a military force ex-
ercised over the savages. A continuance of this
influence was necessary to carry out our views in
refeience to the occupation of Oregon Territory.
The emigration to that country should be encour-
aged and protected The progress of our people
westward should not be cheeked. Even in our
time, it was by no means improbable that we should
see a continuous while population from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific ocean. The highest navigable
point on the Misssoun river shou d be connected
with the highest navigable point on the Columbia.
This ¡s no visionary project, but one that will be
practicable and profitable in time. Such a route
would bring our trade with the Pacific across our
continent, and (he trade of Europe with the Pacific
would take ihe same direction. This great object,
and the progress of our sett'ements we*t, are inti-
mately connected, and the progiess of both are fa-
cilitated by holding the Indians in check, and ex-
ercising ov~r them that influence which the pres-
ence ot a respectable military force always carries
with it among the Indians. Our progress westward
cannot be checked. It ought not to be The hap-
piness of the whites and the civilization of the In-
dians both require us to fill up the country between
the Atlantic and the Pacific.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr S. Mason] by tel-
lers, who reported 68 m the affirmative, and 55 m
the negative. This amendment provided for the
disbanding of the second regiment of dragoons on
the 1st of October next.
Mr. PROFFIT moved that the committee rise
and report the bill with the recommendation that
it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. STANLY remarked that the gentleman
from Indiana must surely be joking.
Mr. PROFFIT replied that he was never more
serious in his life, for he was mortified at this
breaking down of the army, which it had taken
the Government years to raise up.
Here the conversation dropped, and the motion
was not pressed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out the original bill, and insert the fol-
lowing:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States ofAmei zca m Congress assembled, That
the act entitled "An act to increase the piesent military estab-
lishment ot the united States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved the fifth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty eight,
and an a*t entitled 'An act authorizing the President of the
United States to accept the serví e of volunteers, and to raise
an additional regiment of dragoons or mounted riflemen," ap
proved twenty third day of May, eigh een hundred and thirty
six.be, and the same aie hereby repealed
Sec 2 And be it furthei enacted, That the President of
the United States be and he is hereby, authorised to organize,
from and out of the officers and men discharged by virtue of
the preceding section, a regiment of mounted riflemen, to ba
composed oí the same number ol officers as the regiment of
dragoons now in service, (tour sergeants four corporals, two
buglers, one farrier and blacksmith, and fifty privates) to serve
either as mounted men or infantry, a= the service may require,
and whilst «emng as mounted men '-hail receive the pay
and emoluments of the dragoons, and whilst m service on foot
the pay now allowed the infantry
*lc 3 And be it further enacted That the several officers
and men of the corps to be discharged by the first section of
this act and who are not placed in the regiment of riflemen
created by the second section of this act shall, upon their dis-
charge, be entit ed to and receive thiee months' pay, in ad
dition to the pay to which they are entitled by taw at the time
of their discharge
tejsc 4 And be it further enacted, That all officers and men
hereafter retained in the service of the United States, except
the dragoons and riflemer whether in the artillery, in the
ordnance department, the engineer corps, or the topographical
engmeus, the subsistence, pay, or medical depa.unents, shall
receive the same pay and emoluments as the officers of the
same grade now belonging to the regimentsof infantry, and no
other and no othei or luuher pay shall be allowed to any
officer, foi or on account oí lus> brevet rankj heretofore assigned
oi hereafter given him, unle&s the same shall be granted for
or on account of his good conduct or gallantry on the field of
battle, nor shall it be lawful, hi future, to all w double rations
to any officer except to the officer commanding, m the field, at
least a regiment of men or to an officer commanding aspparate
post, having under his command at least a company of men aa
now organized
Sec 5 And be it further enacted That each non commis
sione i officer and puvate who may hereafter be enlisted, and
serve the United States faithfully lot and during the term for
which he may be enlisted, and receive an honorable discharge,
shall be entitled to receive two dollars per month, in addition to
the pay now allowed by law, lor the whole time, to be paid
him when di charged, and, if he shall be discharged for or on
account of wounds or o her disability received in the service,
shall be entitled to his additional pay to the time of his dis
charse, and if he shall die whilst m the service, the above
extra compensation shall be paid to his wife if living, and If
she be dead, then to his child or children, if any there be
Mr JOHNSON, after explaining the various
provisions of his anendment, went on to show the
expediency and neeessi'y of the reduction he pro-
posed. In reply to the arguments of the gentlemen
irom Arkansas, Mi"a>i«sippi, and Missouri, he said
lhat, so far from the Southwestern frontiers being
exposed oy the loca ion of the Indians on their bor-
ders, he looked upon these Indians as infinitely a
belter protection to them than any military force
could be made. He would, therefore, send one of
our mounted regiments there—not for ihe protection
of the frontier , but to keep peace among the In-
dians, and to protect ihose that are civilized from
the wild tribes of the prairies. Mr J deprecated
the giving a party complexion to the debate He
h?d heard the names of Co'onel Harney and Colonel
Twiggs brought up, and their p limes alluded to.
He bad a high resrect for these officers and the ser-
vice;, they had rendered, and he had reason to es-
teem and respect many of the others, but, when he
came here to legislate, he could not legislate with
a view to his friendship,, his partialities, or his po-
litical preferences He selected those regiments
for the reduction he proposed, because they were
originally created for temporary purposes, and
these purposes had been answered. He looked to
the interests of the country, and called upon the
members to go for the reduction because the
finances of the country demanded it.
Mr GRANGER addressed the committee in op-
position to it, and referred to the services of the
2d dragoons and 8th regiment m Florida, which it
