CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            839
«Sife^fr—16—awin li iiTn     i    f  mi-,i iiBiifharfli—JMi—o——■—— ——                                                                                                                  -                                    i                                      11       11,1  .tin ■tn^rli      1 ^ 1 mr   ill n n Ht 1 ^ I  ,^f^    I     nT      |    Hi-«h                   ..^ 
was proposed to disband. Mr. G spoke of the
hardship and injustice of dismissing officers who
had faithfully served their country for the best part
of their lives, and particulaily dwelt on the ser-
vices of Colonel Worth, from the time he entered
the army till the close of the Florida war.
Mr. REYNOLDS «aid that the argument of the
gentleman from New York amounted to nothing
more than this: because men have performed their
duty well, they must fee retained in office, no mat
ter whether their «ervices were wanted by the coun-
try cr not. According to this doctrine, ths gentle-
man's constituents must not turn him out, even if
they should think that they could get a better man
to supply his place Bat the gentleman, in hib
former practice, hid gone against the very doc-
trines which he now advanced as orthodox, for,
while Pos masttr General, he turned out a number
of meritorious postmasters, for no other reasfn
than that they difftred with him in politics He
had the highest opinion of the merits and services
of Colonels Worth and Harney, and the officers of
these two regiments; but he felt himself under no
obligation, viewing the state of oui finances, to
keep them in office when their services were no
longer needed. He was satisfied, if his friend from
New York would turn his attention to his own ar-
gument, his goi-d sense would show him that it
was untenable Indeed, he saw by the gentleman's
reconciled countenance, that he was more than
half convinced of his enor. [A laugh] His
friends from Missouri and Arkansas watited an
additional regiment of dragoons for the protection
of their frontiers. Now, he would say to them,
that, it having been his fortune to be raised on the
Indian borders, he knew something about th^m;
and he c mid tell tho e gentlemen that it was the
border militia and volunteers th°t they dreaded
more than any United States troops. This bill,
however, provided a mounted regiment, and there
was also a dragoon regiment [the lot] to be re-
tained in service, whue one of them, he was well
convinced, would be all sufficient for the protection
of our whole Indian border Mr. R , in oon<ia
sion, expressed the hope that the reduction, which
was so much required by tbe state of our finance*,
would be made; and the members of both parlies
being pledged to retrenchment and reform, he
called upon them to come forward and act up to
their professions
An unimportant amendment, proposed by Mr.
PENDLETON, was agreed to
Mr BLACK then replied to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. C. Johkson] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Reynolds ] He regretted that
anything should have been said tending to mix up
polities with this matter. He did not approach it
many political point of view, for if he «ere 10 do
so, he might vote for the abolishing of nine tenths
of the army, the officers in that proportion being
Whigs, and opposed to the party with which he
was connected. He disclaimed, then, any such
purpose, and while he went for retrenchment, he
asked them to give him such a retrenchment tn
will advance the interests of the country, and not
the interests of men. He opposed the amendment
of the gentleman trom Tennessee, because he be-
lieved it was no1 such an amendment as he de-
sired He would not go for retrenchment, unless
they could get reform with it. There were many
abuses which he wished to see abolished; bat he
would not agree to the abolishment of the 2d reg -
ment of dragoons while the 1st was left untouched.
The proposea extirpation would be a retrenchment
but he did not believe it would be a reform He
did not believe the 1st regiment of dragoons was
sufficient to protect our Southwestern frontier, on
which they were told fey the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Reynolds] there were congregated
60,000 of the best warriors the world ever saw,
white or red.
If, however, reductions were to be made, let
them be made equally through both regiments.
They were told the 2d regiment of dragoons was
raised for a special purpose. But that was a mis-
take. According to the letter of the act which
raised that regiment, they were to be kept in the
service until the President believed the public ser-
vice would permit him to disband them, or to take
from them the horses, and put them on the ground.
But they had not a word from the President to
show that he believed the public service would au
thonze him to do either
And further, he begged leave to call he atten-
tion of t^e committee to the 5th article of the treaty
with the Choctaws, by a reference to which it
would be seen that the United States were bound
to keep a sufficient force not only to protect the
whites, but to protect the Indians also. And how
were they doing it? By the annihilation of the 2d
regiment of dragoon?. Were gentlemen seriously
intending that this treaty should not be executsd?
He coutended that the two regiments of dragoons
were not more than enough to carry out the stipu-
lations oí that treaty, and, under all the circum-
stances, he hoped they would not extirpate this
regiment.
But there was another remarkable feature in
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
This regiment (ihe 8th regiment of infantry) was
to be disbanded, and the President was to be called
on to form a regiment of mounted riflemen out of
the officers and men of those two regiments. This
he deemed to be a direct attack on the appointing
power. Tbey had no ngh> to call upon the Presi-
dent to make any particular person a commander;
nor had they any right to direct hira to se'ect
officers from any number of men If they could
do this, they could call upon him to make choice
of a particular individual. He hoped this amend-
ment would not be sanctioned He would say
again, that he hoped to hear no more of such re-
trenchment. He had gone for retrenchment, and
he would go for it again, but he would not go for
tbat sort of retrenchment \ihich passe* by one
regiment, and fastens on another, for its extirpa-
tion—and that, a regiment which had done as
good (he would not fay better) service as any
other.
Mr CHARLES BROWN said he felt called
upon to anticipate the regular action of the com-
mittee upon the bill, by the resolution stopping de-
bate at 8 o'clock, and to say now what he bad to
say upon the 3d section of the bill—that abolish
ing the office of Commissary General. He was
willing to vote for all reforms and retrenchment;
but he was at a loss to know what reform or re-
trenchment there was in the abolition of this office;
he could not see any. On the contrary, he looked
upon it as a backward movement—the destruction
of a system that had vorked well for many years,
and a going back to one that had been found m
practice a very bad one. When the dunes of this
department were performed by the quartermaster' 
department, as he understood, both the Govern-
ment and the soldiers were wronged and defrauded;
while under the present system, not a single com-
plaint had ever been made by the loldiers, nor a
dollar lost to the Government. Then why change
it? There is no rea on in making a change, unless
it be to remove some evil, or to produce some good.
He would not suppose it proceeded from a dispo-
sition anywheie merely to remove the locale of
the department from Pmiadelpkia to another place
— his would be a motive no one would acknow-
ledge Some two thousand or r.ore persons are
emploted by the department—mostly widows or
poor women, certainly no one woal t wish to throw
them out of employment, irer 7 to give tha' em-
ployment to 0 hers, for mere wantonness He d d
not oppose the proposed amerdmcut bacanse the
office was located near h * district, but because he
believed it to be wrong m itself, and wouid woik
injury to the Government That all the articles
purchased or made for the Goveii.ment by thi> de-
partment in Philadelphia, had b«"en well made, and
at little cost, all wnl agree. Trien wh.'t is 10 be
gained by a change1 No on" has brought any
charge of loss to the Government; indeed, no ar
gument or reason had been given for the proponed
change; in fact, there was none to be gieen, that
ought for a moment to be entertained by the coa
mittee.
Mr. B said he felt certain that no such p opo-
sition would have been made, were it not iir trie
1 nfortunate difficulty that had arisen in regard to
ti e present head of that department. But certain-
ly this was no good reason foi the abolition of the
office. If they abolished all offices because the
incumbent might be unpopular or unworthy, or
otherwise out of favor with the legislative power,
they mould soon abolish all the offices of the Gov-
ernment. This would be a dangerous practice,
and he trusted the committee would not suffer
themselves to be led away by any such motion.
They should not destroy a good s>s em, because
it was for the time being in hand? that did not
work it well He had nothing to say for or against
the present acting commissary general, but he pro-
tested against any objections gentlemen might have
against him, or any controversy between the Presi-
dent and Senate in relation to him, from be-
ing made the cause of the de'trucfion of the of-
fice, and the consequent d*privation of employ-
ment, of a large number of persons, some of whom
were his constituents.
Mr. ADAMS took part in the debate, and spoke
for a few minutes on the creation of a regiment of
mounted rfl'men, of which the only distinction
from the regiment of dragoons was, that one car-
ried carbines and ihe other nflec.
Mr. C JOHNSON said that his amendment was
so worded that the Hou<e could take the clause
abolishing the 2d regiment of dragoons, or that
abolishing the 8th regiment of infantry, at its option.
In relation to double rations, the House had already
voted to dispense with them altogether; but he
thought that the officers who acaial y rommane'ed
separate posts should have them, and he wished
also to do away with the construction of the War
Department, by which so many officers in the bu-
reaus of Washington received that allowance.
Mr SMITH of Virginia offered to rnend the
amendment cf the gentleman from Tennessee, by
providing that the second regiment of dragoons
shall be converted into a regiment of mounted
riflemen, and that the eighth reaiment of infantry
shall be disbanded. Mr S then addressed tha
committee in support cf his amendment.
Messrs. PROFFIT and CUSHING severally
addressed the committee in opposition to tha
amendment
Mr TOLAND ppposed the abolishing of the of-
fice of commissary of purchases.
Mr. STANLY replied to the r-reeediog speak-
ers, generally, and hoped the House would not
sanction the destructive proposition that had been
made.
After some remarks from Mr CALHOUN, the
question was taken on Mr Smith's amendment;
and it was rejected
The question recurring on Mr Johnson's amend-
ment—
Mr ADAMS inquired if it would not be in order
to offer amendments, to make the bill more perfect
before tail ng the question on striking out.
Trie CHAIR said that such amendments would
be in order.
Mr ADAMS moved to amend thg bill by pro-
vid ng that each of the companies of dragoons
shall c nsis1 of 42 m^n, instead of 50, which was;
carried.
Mr CILHOfjN movel to strike en the =ecoad
section and insert "ihat, from and afier the 1st day
of Onober nr/xt, 'he superintendents of the national
armories shall each receive $1,500 p*r annum; the
master armorer  shall rectwe $12 0 each per an-
num, the paj masters and mJnary sto« keepers
shall recene $1,250 per annum each, md none of
tue above-named officers, and no effice , of any
grade whatever, shall receive any commutation or
allowance whatever beyond their actual salaries or
pay, except quarters Liovided for them and actu-
ally u id, and that no military storekeeper! shall,
after tne 1st of October nert, receive more than
$800 per annum, except quarters "
On taking the question, this amendment was
agreed to—ayes 6D, noes 60.
Mr JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved to strike
out the 3d section, which abolishes the office of
commissary of purchases, and transfers the du-
ties of that office to the quartermas er's depart-
ment, which motion was rejected without a divi-
sion.
Mr. McKAY moved lo amend the 4 h section,
by insetting a provision abolishing the offices o(

