S40                           ___________
ssr^r-r".,1 ¿,.„......  ,                    '               ...   ■ =
four surgeons and four assistant surgeons: agreed I
to—aye^ 88 noes not counted.                                  |
Mr. CALHOUN moved to stnke out the 5'h
section, which authorizes the Ordnance department
to appoint a competent person to supeuntend the
manufacture of cannon, with the pay and emol-
uments of a majot of ordnance.
This motion was agreed to—ayes 89, noes not
counted
Mr. MeKAY moved to strike out the 6th sec-
tion, and insert the following:
"That all the laws heretofore passed, authorizing the Pres
idem or the Secretary of War t > make an allowance of double
rations to any officers, be, and the same are hereby, repealed
Rejected—ayf s 54, noes 71.
The question recurung on Mr. Cave Johnson's
amendment,
Mr MOORS moved to amend it, by striking out
the first section, and inserting'a provision, auihor
izmg the President to convert the secón t regiment
of dragoons into a reg ment of mounted riflemen
rejected wuhout a divi-ion.
Mr ADAMS moved lo amend Mr. Johvson's
amendment, by striking out the second section,
which authorizes Ihe President to organ ze a regi-
ment of mounitd riflemen out of the officers and
privates of the second regiment of dragoons and
eighth regiment of infantry: earned—ayes 92, noes
not counted
The question was than taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment as amended, and it was rejected with-
out a division.
Mr. McKAY offered an amendment, as an ad-
ditional seciion, as follows:
And br it further enacted, That the pay and emoluments of
the offl era of the corps of engineers topographical engineers
ordnance, pay a d medictl departments, also the geneial staff
ftroper, shall be thesame as are ot may be, paid to officers of
ike grade m the regimentsof artillery and mfanti v except cap
tains in the general staff, who shall be allowed forage when it
may be nece&aiy that they shall be mounted.
The amen iment was npgatived.
Trie committee then rose and reported ihe bill
The SPEAKER having taken the chair, he
stated the question to be on the first amendment
which was offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. S. Mason,] to abolish the second regiment of
dragoons on the 1st October rtxt.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON opposed the bill in the
shape in which it now stood, and moved to lay the
whole b 11 on the table, on which fee deman led the
yeas and nays, and they weir ordeied. The yeas
and nays were laken, and resulted as follows—yeas
65, nays 116.
Mr STANLY moved the previous question;
which was sustained by ihe House.
The amendments mad" by the Committee of the
Whole were then ordered to be punted.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Ajgust 4, 1842.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensiors,
made advene repoits on bilK ftom the House foi
the relief of J-hn Keith, Sa tuel Hutchinson,
and John E. W ght, v,hich were ordered to be
printed
Mr. B also made an adverse report from ths
Commitiee on Pension*-, on the petition of Msry
Bright, of Washington city, which was ordered to
be printed.
The adverse reports of stcndirg committees in
the case' of Charles Markl", Robert Dicker>on,
R chard K Meade, JoLn Philhr s, administrator of
Walker & Phillin'j, and Rebecca Br 'ht, were a-
ki-n up *>>•>(' cir-uired in
Mr OR UiAM, fiom the Commute on Claims,
made an adver e report on the claim of R C Rag-
land, /orsupp! es furribhcl to ccriain militia in the
service of ihe United Sia'c, wh ch wat. ordered 10
be printed.
On mo on of Mr GRAH s\l, the Cor>m ' e
on C'aim* was duchar <• í, m fie further ron
sideraücn < f ihe rpttt on of ihe e'?tchmen eir-pU 5 p 1
on the eyecu'ive bu Hi  j?s 111 W i,n ns on, prayirp
to have ihe benefit?, ot \a' act of Mare"), 1837,  l
lowirg ? per crntum upon --a'anes of the cle, is
and messengers of the executive cErcs, txtt ded
to them.
Mr. EVANS, from the Commiii e on Finance
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
reported a bill to extend the time on which the du-
tie> on ce'tain railroad iron imported by the S ate
of Michigan, being laid for permanent use, may be
remitted, which was read, and ordered 10 a second
reading.
The bill m addition to An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts, (an analysis of which
was published in the Globe of yesterday,) was re-
sumed asm committee of the whole.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, since yesterday he
had examined the 2i section, and was satisfi d that
its only effect was. to allow persons who had lost
patents since the act of 1837 to record them aga n,
111 the same manner as those who h<¡d lost ihe r
patents prior to thit act
Mr. WRIGHT suggested to the Senator from
Mars 'and [Mr Kfrr] to confine the operation of
the 2i section to citizen of the United States, or
those wh^ intend to become oitiz ns.
Mr. KERzi, in accord teca with the above sugges-
tion, moved to amend tae se' ion, by striking out
the wcas "person or persons," and inserting t <e
words "citizen or citiz ns, alien or a lt-n-' naving
resided one year in Ihe Umled Siates, and taken
the oath of their in ention of becoming nCiuzpn or
citizens of the Unitpd Stat s "
After a few remarks by Mr HUNTINGTON,
the question was put on the amendment, and it
was agreed to.
The bill having undergone several amendments
srggested by Mr Wright, to prevent foreigners
coming here and taking out a patent for inven-
tions brought here from abroad by Am°ncan
manufacturers, and in theT use, was reported to
the Senate, and, after a few explanatory remarks
by Messrs. KERR and CALHOUN, wss oidered
to be engrosseá for a third reading.
The Senate then resumed the consideration, as
in committee of the whole, of the bul for the re-
lief oí EMher Johnson, the widow of Co! Jonas
Johnson—the question pending being the motion
of Mr. Woosbory to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. GRAHAM explained that, with reference
to this bill, it was simply a queslion wheiher tfte
pension to which Ihe witlow was entitled under tne
law of 1836, (she having ditd while the application
was pendmp,) shall be paid to ner heirs, m accord-
ance with the construction given mat law at the
Pension Office If the bill were passed, it Wujld
establish no new principie.
Mr PHELPS spt ke at great length, contending
that Congiess had uniformly rejected claims 01
this character—granting to the heirs a pens on
which the parent haa been en'itled to, ye.had never
received. Mr. P pointed out the diotmc'ion be-
tween the navy pension svstem and the pensions
for revolutionary services, with a view to show
that the opinion of the Alto  ey General on tne
navy pension laws, declaring the hero to be en-
titled in case of thedenth ef the paren!, and, upon
which opinion, the Pension depprtmentbai iourd-
eri its practice in coBstrmng the rev lutionarv pes M"n
laws, could not apuly to revolutionary p "nstoss
He belisved the departmtnt had place an erro-
neous construction on the laws, so fir as pennons
were allowed 10 the heirs.
Messrs. KERR and GRAHAM made some re-
marks against applying a different construction of
the pension Uwb to thi= case than had be ¡1 given
m similar rises
Mr WRIGHT said, \ hen this bill was 1-st up,
it was not íms intention in his remarks to censure
the Conn ussioner of Pensions for ihe construction
which had been given the pe s on laws He esti-
mated too hifchi/ ihe «t rvices of ¡h?t Ctficer to do
to Wha' he comnlaned of was the erroneous
constrveuon «Hid nas b-tn uven the- law and
not the c nt >ci of that ofi c, v ho had lou^d-i
his a unci n opinion of the Altóme) O neral
H" "n tniamed thdt, al ht aiti the law b d been
m'er re e 1 to en i * ihe 1 eir^ lo a p^n         n (&-a
of the deplh oí the partn', it was the outy C >"-
gres to arrest ih.tt nteipretUcn r<-v, ben 3
the ftr^t time is at en on n 1 b_e"' eill d to it
The queaioa, ss t as now pr >■<>  ed 11 thi-, odi
was,, wneüvr they sh uln confirm lb- interrela-
tion of the department, wuich makes a slate of in-
heritance out of car pension system.   He had no
p ejudice against this case; but he was of the
opinion thitt it went so far even as to author zs a
p n^ion to the grandchildren, for services per-
tormed by a grana ather, and the eby establishing
a vested right in a pension; which was subversive
of the pnncip'e upon «inch the pension system,
was es ablisned
Mi GRAH AM said that the Sf ator from New
York and hiai«etf perfrcilv agreed that the pen-
sion acts oi 1832 and 1836 were ul advised acts,
and that the const uction was the same, in this
bil1, which the laws had received up to this mo-
ment. The only pom* of difference o tween them,
>vas, whether the construction should be ar.ested
oa this bill, to iatisfy a kjosí memori }u« case, after
hiving passed so many bilis c irryiti- oat the same
principles He was opposed to r>resti.ig the con-
struction on th" re_in iit ot tie case 
Mr SEVÍCR said the Committee on Pensions
had always acted on sjch constn c ion of the laws,
as adowed the children to rceovp the pension
in case tf the aeatn of loe parents, b^t if the heirs
in this ra^e were g andchildren, as asserted, a
new qaest'on of law was pre-e*ited. Hedidnot
believe tne pennon laws would allow of the pen-
sion bem^ laid to grandcntlúren.
U" SMITH (f Cunnecn-ul opposed the bill.
Mr WOODBURY inquired whetner there was
any legislative pi ecedent that went so far as this
case?
Mr. GR4.HAM said he did not know whether
there was.
Mr. WOODBURY sa>d, if there was a single
precedent, he would withdraw the motioa to re-
commit. i¡ there was no legislative precedent, it
was a proposition to make new ruies of construc-
tion, mvtea 1 of parting vi*h old ones. Another
ie?son ior the recommitment was, that the com-
mittee had not p?ssed upou the bill mis present
form—granting a pension to the 1 efrs, instead of
the widow.
After a few remarks from Mr. GRAHAM m
support of the bill, and stating that one child of the
person who performed the seiv ce was living, and
by Mr PHELPS m opposit on so Uie bi!l—
T^ie que-.t ou on the r eomra 'ment was taken,
and decided m the affiim t v —>eas 30, nays 10.
THE TARlfF BILL.
Oa motion of Mr. EVANS, ¡he ¿senate took up
the lfVcnue b 11 for furtier considfration, as in
committee of the whole, tne bill being still open to
amenámftí
Mr,A#LEN moved to inset among the free
articlss-nie word "salt," in pag- 30, line 55, after
the word * ^iude."
The bil', as it now stoo^, (Mr. &LLEtf
said) pioposed to levy taxes "} the extent of
twen y seven millions of do, s>is upon t'e peo-
pie of t us country This h" (Mr. Allen)
cons d red an excetdirg'y bc^ i?x. 't was
high, because, as the author:, of tie till 3e-
c]are 1, the necessity of mc t-ea« jry rcqu red thit
it shruld be «¡e. There were a le ?riu ts \xa h
wen exeu pt from tax?t on Ly th „t , tit all the
uec^"Ar so! life, \ itnout ixcernor, v re to v?
Uxei, ard ihj.  se,',e!y ¡such artic1  , fo in'-tanc,
as tea, coffee, ami salt—article^ which were as
much neces^-nes of hfe m t' s foiatr^ as breat1
its"lf b-'cnuse the b?biis and tas es 01 íh¿ people
hud b"e   formed to enjoy them
While the Crovemment, therefore found it ne-
cessity to impose a tax upon trose things which
ver. absolute and indisp-nsable ne-essanes cf
life w (a th  who e body of the people, it
seemed to hnr> mjvsst that aniens of luxury—
arlices wh ch inimstfred to the pampered and
vilapiuous tase ot ihe vaitliy—should be ad-
n tied =e of duty. K any one would take
I ie iroul 1  10 ex'ntne the b 11, he would find that
awn -m< upe fir ts, th  pro luce of tho West In-
<< e —^w e -n "ts, which are to be found alone on
t f tab =s of 'ie r ^h—were to he -doimedfree of
dutv, s¡is ,], t^a ant1'hcoíT e cup ot the poor-
e-.t dim^r an 1 meehin e n i1 e co intry were to be
tat d to the t x cm op tweniy cent'- on the dtliar.
Tie p opl  wonld han"/ cret'it it, unless the bill
ive 0 rer J in 'he 1 prcsun"e.
Ag io   it would be seen that gems and precious
j stone1-, wUich were des gnei and intended to spar-
