844                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is the present rate, and this, on its average cost
abroad, does not exceed 2 cents per bushel.
Instead, then, in time of profound peace with
foreign nation , and under no liabilities for war
debts;—instead of increasing this tax fourfold,
as is now proposed, why should we not adopt the
Senator's motion, and, as in Great Britain, make
an article so universally used entirely free—as
free from the tax gatherer a? air and water.
Who dared, in that tax-ridden -country—though
under seven to eight hundred millions of pounds
sterling of debt, in part the expense of many glo-
rious wars—who dared there to recommend a lax
on a single bushel of sa'f* Yet we are to be t^d
that it ¡s indispensable to have this tax for revenue;
we, who are so boastful of our sopenoi condi'ioa,
and greater privileges and exemption  from burdens
Though, nominally, the tax now proposed is bat 8
cents a bushel, that is much higher, on the nrig'ial
cost of most of it, than 10 cenis was in 1833, and
even more, in some cases, thai the enormous duty
of 20 cents m 1826, when I attempted the first re-
duction. Eight ceni«, on most of th  =aK now im-
ported, except from England, is over 100 per cent.
on the original cou An oppression like this in the
ga&el/e (or salt tax) in France, was one of the
wice-spread causes, among her rural population,
which led to her revolution But I will not be be-
trayed into a speech on this occasion, and when
other gentlemen have come prepnred to exp'ain !he
matter fully. On one point, however, before I sit
down, I am particularly anxious not to be misun-
derstood It is the connexion between the duly on
salt, and the drawback";, or bounties, paid to ves-
sel  engaged in our fisheries
In former debptss, sixteen or seventeen years
ago, I depre, a ed any diminution ot the allowances
to that hardy, enterprising class of seamen en
gaged in the fisheries., while thev proved so grfat,
n.eful, and mexbau tiblc nurseries fir men to
man in war our pnvatceismen and gallant nivj.
Accordingly, those allowances were not then les-
sened. Let me, <iir, repeat a«mn one or two rea-
sons for this, which seenl to me ample, and which
were true both then and now. The original amount
to be paid was graduated, no' alone on the duties
imposed upon the salt they consume, but also on
the hemp, canvas, cordage, and i on employed in
their vessels Mr Jefleison, who prepared the
original c mputations on this, jnclu led ihc whole.
Make the whole free, then, and some plausi-
bility might exist for le*vcning ihe allowance Bat
while the duties now are not only rrtained on all
the other aitides, but raised so much higher than
they were forly years ago, the whoie of Ihe present
allowances should remain, if not he increased,
even were salt made entirely free The additions
since to the duties on the others, is more than
enough to counterbalance the lemoval of all duty
whatever on the last.
Mr. WALKER, said that ihe manner in which
the duty was to be e uma cti, mai'c ano'her of the
many discriminations w! ich ex sted in the bill m
favor of the wealthier part ot the community
The duty was to be paid on a bushel of 56 pot nds
Now, table salt was the only kind which weigh'd
as little as 56 pounds a bushel The ordintry salt,
used by the farmer^ of t'.e country, weighed 84
pounds Therefore, ihe ( uty on the salt used m
the countiy was 5 cents higher per bu he! fian that
on the fine salt used at tao e He thought he
Senator from Missouri uas right in saving that
light was dawning upon the subject of the tax on
salt. He th night he m¡5;"t nine, not only the
year, but the day when it wo"!d b- 'epeilsd. The
8th day ot January, J844—abou' on  mon h after
the assembhrg of axlemoeroiic Congres—wou d
be the most app opni e period winch cou'd be se
Jectel for the pirpose. lb/re >vas no article which
suffered a h aviei duiy tnan sa t, and none upon
which a rern<>v^l of th" duty ™ou'd b> hailed with
more saüsf/c uri He knew the rao ím nade by
the S^na'orfritn Ohio wou'd b° v te' djwn now,
yet, he coo'ed himseif ir'o th  red ction ¡hat the
time would arrive when diff-rent counsels would
prevail.
The question wa^ then taktn on the r-o ¡on to
include salt among 'h  fr^e artioie", and resulted
in the negative—yeas 16, nays 36, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Basby, Benton Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Fulton, King, lain, Mcitoberts,-Sevier, Tappan, Walker, Wil
cox, Woodoury, and Young—16                       ^        ,   „,
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Hunting
ton, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Spiague, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbridge—2b
Mr. ALLEN moved to ampnd th  bill, p3gf 30,
80th line, bv inserting, instead of eight cents per
bush«l ot 56 pounds on sail, two cents.
Mr. LINN called for the yeas and nays-, wh.ch
were ordered
The question was then taken, and resulted m
the negative—yeas 17, nays 26, as followj.
YE4.S—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cnllihert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRobeits Pieston Sevier,
Walkei   Wilcox Williams, Woodbury and Youne—17
NAYS -Mess i Atchei, Birrow, Bates, Biyaid, Choate,
C'ayton Comad Craft , Crittenden Dayton Dvars, Hunt ng
ton Kerr, Mangum, Mernck, Miller Morehoad Phelps Por
tei Kives Simeona, Smith of Indiana, bprague, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodljnd0t—26
Mr WALKER moved to sinke out from the
samp line, ' ot iifiv six prunds "
Mr. WOODBURY said he rose, not loenler fur-
ther into the discussion, biit to mention a single
cncumstance oonne ted with the former agitation
of this duty in the Senate, rear twenty ..years ago.
Among those then around him, but now no more,
and unafft—ted by ths excitements and passions of
the day, was one whose name and example might
exercise some influence on the other side m favor
of rtlief to ihe community from the g'eat pressure
of this oroposed tax on salt, and lo who«e memory
he wished, m this respect, to pay a just tnbo'e.
One of the S nators from Ohio at that time, who
has «ince filled the presu'entul chair, was at first
doubtful concerning the expediency of rat proposi
tion, bu , on ma ure lefleetion and full mvestiga-
t on, he came out with b ith his tonsue and vote in
its support. Though resting at no very preat dis-
tance from large domestic manufactures of salt,
Gen. Hairison ihen made one of ihe strongest ana
most eloquent speeches he ever uttered on this floor
in favor of lowering tne duty Mr W hoped that
those who we e pledgsd to his opinions would, on
this orcasion at least, fcl o  his example
Mr. BENTON sa dhe was m favi rof themouon
to restore the measured bushel as the standaid of
the sait bu lie!. He showed, from the first revenue
aot of 17->9, that the measured bashel was thes'anf-
ard it wa, I'irie years af ei wirds, (to wit, in the
year 1793,) that Gf r.iral flimilton, ¡hen Seeretaty
ot the Trea ury, coiying the devic^of Sir R >oe t
Walpole, recommended anl ob amed from Con-
gress a dnnge in the <lamlard of the'alt bu-bel
from rneasue to weight. Mr B here lead an
exti„et from i repon which he had make on the
salt (lilies in ih" sess on oí 1839-MÜ, in wuich
he showed Ih  o igi i of this if'iingc in the bushel,
and the o^j ot of it, and that ih i object was to
increi.e the salt tax nil 101 t i,e mn g to irerea e it,
and da addiig cliea'cry to taxation Ho re«sd
as folio ?s-
ACT OF V VY 2   1702
Tins act mses tl e du \ on sah by t ic in ue't mcins of tl
ttring ind ii hieing Hk síin ludo! ih  bushel, ^ubstiti ting
a weiglietl bushel of fifty six poun Is for a measure U ushU i f
eighty f ur poinds, an linneasmg thef. hing allowinrts m ihc
sime piopoitlon the hislmy of this change in the bushe ,
which at the iime, mcieased itax i n a nccesgaiy oí bfe with
out piohssmgto raise il and which lias atten 1" I evers nee
flnd lb now au^mUd withsu h injuiious consequences in the
V\e ' may beoare u0 us sourci. 11 General Hamilton's huan
CMt rej oils as loll iws
tlilhc lbhMaioh 1712, tl e Secieta-v oftlieTl'tsmy (Gen
Hi i ili in) ici one I in 1 ivot of nismga 1 lition il "uippiies lor
tnesij it >f(h Q>j n u erf anl th lef tec of 'ie honuen,
1 i I amona o u-u- me ins of increasing the revenue bom im
pott r i i im nded 1 n, salt ( uiy to be calculated upon tilt,
vv ie;ht irsteid of lie mea u e ail that fil v six piurds
sh u 1 bcou ited for a bus'iel Ins leconimen'ation was as
follow
ii is tcpic ente ! that ihe Uuyon^il opeiatcs unequally,
from ihe t^ iWihit. (hrience m wc 3ht, n ¡ i ipoi en to
qiac i y, of hi!" tent ki i Is of iaU a bushel w igung linm
„limi ti ty six t, upwaiflsof ightywe nt It would hivean
eq nl ?i ge cr if tti bu hti weie tkli ic 1 by weigh nd If
íiít> =i pon i U wae laktn as ihe ^mliil a v I iable icees
«ion lo he iev nue would result '—American S ate Papas
vol 5 ; age itid
In the same report at ptge 161, the Secrutat) undet the
heid of ' Lttunate of piobablp additional rexenw f om.
tliepioposed dutiei    ba>s
'salt fiom the eq lalizing legulation proposed will prooably
\ic 1 one sxth more or no cents pet bushel which, on two
mill! usof bus le'i  would yield jilOOSO
This i« the act which lias irtioduced into some parts of the
V llted ¡states ihe ldei of selhr " salt bytheweghed instead of
the measured bushel, and has led to one of the gieatebt imposi
tions now ptactised by the salt monopolizers of the West
Improving upon the idea of th.s weight for measure, they re.
duce the fifty six to fifty pounds, they then sell by lick weight,
which is always below true weight, and frequently as much as
twenty or thirty per cent below it Thus, to raise the salt tax
lnditectly, by diminishing the bushel, an immense and perma-
nent injury has been inflicted upon the Western States, where
the weighed bushel prevails, ard a false idea of the national
supply is created, for, when we say so many bushels imported,
or manufactured, the mind is deceived—for they are not meas-
ured bushels, weighing eighty four pounds, but weighed bush-
els, one third less than the measured bushel The reported
importation of snven millions of bushels per annum, is but a
little upwards of five millions Such are the consequences of
a single indirect, and, apparently, a small indirect movement m
legislation1 To increase the salt revenue in 1792, by altering
the standard of the bushel the nation, and especially the whole
Western country, has since been cheated out of one third of its
salt, and, since the monopoly m the West, the cheat m that
quarter (lick wei¿nt and adulter ttion being considered) is fully
one half
But this change in the salt measure, though introduced into
our laws on the recommendation of Gen^iai Hamilton, and as
an i iduect mode of increasing the duty, was net original with
him it had previously been done, and for the same purpose,
in Great Butam fifty sit pounds to the bushel had there
been adopted m ordei to l crease the number of bushels, and
thus augment the product of ihe tax By this contrivance, the
salt tax, both in England and America, while nominally on the
bushel, was, in leality, on two thu Is of a bushel, but, in the
year 181% the Englisn relieved themselves from this imposition,
and from all the burdens of the salt tax, by repealing it m loto,
and makmgsaltfreeof tax in that country
Having read this extract from his report of
1839 '40, Mr. B. went on to say that Gen Hamil-
ton was correct in stating the different weights of
different kinds of salt; but he was wrong m his
mode of equalizing it. Instead of taking the high-
est weight, which was 84 pounds, or a medium
weight, which would bring it to 70 pounds, he took
the lowest, and made all 56. This «ubjectt-d the
bushel of alum salt to a tax and a half, tor the 84
pounds was exacily half as much again as the 56.
Tms, applied to the present bul, would make the
tax on alum salt 12 cents a bushel, and on Liver-
pool salt 8 cents. This would make a difference
of 50 per cent upon the tax on the sime article.
Mr B said Gen. Hamilton gained $40,000 addi-
tional tax by his change of ¡he bushei; ¡he present
bill would make the add/ional tax §160 000, for
the quanuty imported now is four times greater
than it was m his time the import was then two
millions of bu hels, it is no at eight millions; and
thenfore the cheatery was four time5 greater than
when first introduced among us. Mr. B said he
must say oí this motion, as of all the rest—it would
not pass now, but it would pass when the Democ-
racy should b<- in power, or rather the salt tax
would be abol shed entirely, and then tne measure
would resiore itself
Mr. EVANS said thers was no change in the
law m this respect, it was such as it bad always
been. As the Senator from New Hamp b're had
told the Sena'e wha1 General Harrison had said on
the subject, he would be glad if he would also tell
what Mr. Van Buren said
Mr. WOODBURY observed t'^at New York,be-
ing largely engaged in tbe manufacture of salt, had,
it was presumed, ínstruciel bo h her Senators on
the «abject.
The yeas and nays being called and ordered,
Tne question was taken on Mr. Walker's mo-
tion, and resulted in tte negative—yeas 17, nays
24, as follows:
YLAS—Messrs Allen Bigbv, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Culhbert lultm King I in Mcltol erw, Rives teevicr, Walk-
er Wilcox, Will mm, Woodbury and! rang—17
NAY - Messrs Archer Bauow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Thy in Coirad Cialts Cimenlen, Dayt) , Dvan , Graham,
Hllntins'on, M igum M nick Miller, Moreheid Phelps, P>r
tei snnnions, smith oflndiini, *pragu<\ Tallmadge, and
White   °4                                                                         ° '
Mr. BENTON proposed to insert, page 35, line
35, among tbe free ar'ic'es, "rock sait "
Mr. B •supported his mo'ion for plsemg rock
«■>lt among th^ dee articles, by showing mat us free
importation wa« highly "ssen'ial to the st< ck of the
Great West Tri's rock (or mineral) sait was got
from die Cheshire salt-mme", in Engtand,and used
boift in Ens a"d ar>d on he continent for saitmg
steo'r The Hollanders and Belgians used it
largely it was tne easiest, the be«t, and the most
ecoromical mode of giving sa't to stock. It was
merely put unJer a shelter, to keep off he ram, m
the Dasture where the cattle, ho°s, sheep, or horses
ranted, and r?ch ore hcked offtvhat it pleased
without wa=te, without trouble tf the owner, and
just when tbe animal csose to taki  it Berne in
masses it easily came in ballast, and from New
Orleans, and other parts, would go to the interior
