* '.....—       '..........              -...............
Wiaries Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke, Chittenden, Clinton,
Ci«s$ Cashing, Richard D Davis Dawson, Doan, John C Ed-
wiarib, Egbert, Fessendan, John G Flo) d, Thomas T Tostel
Granger,ílastme, Habersham, Hays Hopkins Hudson, Chai les
J> Mjrannll, Joseph R Ingersoll, William W Irwin, James,
John P Kennedy, Robert McCMlan, McKeon, M t lory Max
Wen, Mi ler, Mooie, Newhard, Payne, Pearce, Plumcr, Profht,
Aiaxaader Randall, Ridgway Riggs, Rodni), Roosevelt, Sal
ttpstall, Sanford, Alexander H H Stuart, Snmer, lahafeno,
RrchaidW Thompson, lacob Thompson, Tiltmghast Tolird,
Toralihson, Trumbull, Van Buren Wallace, Ward, Washing
to , Westbrook, and Edward D White—69
Mr. BLACK applied, before 'he vote was an
nounced, to have his vote recorded. H* said he
was not wabin the bar at the time his name was
called, but he desired lo vute on the question sf
concurrence with the amendment ot the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER sa.d the gentleman could vote
if there was no objection
Mr. BLACK said h° desired to vote "no "
Mr. JOHN C. CLARK objeced, and the vote
was not received.
The first amendment having been concuirad in,
the House proceeded to the second, which i educed
each company of the remaimug regiment of dra-
goons from 50 to 42 privates.
The Hovte non concurred in this an,endm-nt.
The amendments reducing eich company oí ar-
tillery and infantry from 50, as p<oposed by tie
original bill, to 49 privates, were concurred in
The House aKo concurred m the f illowing
amendment, which was an addition to the fir i sec-
tion:
Provided That nothing in this ¿°ctu o shall be consti led to
prevent the re enlistment of non commissioned offi eis whr e
terms of servre may expue befoie tue aimy shall be reduced
to the number hciet dole established
The second section was next n rrdtr. The
Committee of ihe Whole s'nek out this section,
which was in the fo lowi íg woids
Seo 2 And be it further enacted. That the ofhees of the
suppi intendenta of II e irmones at so n gfield and atHaipei's
Ferry shall be and tne same ireheieiy, ibo ¡¿hed, and the du
ties thereof shall be perform d by sucb ofhceis of the oidnance
corps as shall be designated by the Piesident
As a subtitule for this, the committee had insert-
ed the following:
And be it further enacted, That from and afer the 1st dav
of Octobtr next, the suoermtendents of the national armones
shall receive o ich $1 "íOÚ, and the mailer arm<ners each ©1 20u
annually, payable quirtei yearly, and the i ay nastei& and mill
tary storekeepers at the armories and ataiscnal*, s lall receive
each $1,250 annually, payable in like manner Aid none of the
above named officers, and no office a at the armón s of any
frade whatever, shall hereafter receive emi'uinents of any
md, or any Co npenaation orco limitation heyot d their stipu
lated pay, in money, except qjailers actually provided for and
oceu¡ ted by suchoific s And no nnht try storekeeper at
arsenalsohall,after the si d 1. day of Oc hQr receive as pay
or emoluments beyond $8Cki p i iinu ri, besides quarters ac
tually provided ai J occupied as such
Mr. BOWNE called for the yeas and nay ; and
they were ordered, and resulted as follows—^eas.
103, nays 77.
YEAS—Messrs Aoams, Landaff W Andrews, Sherlock J
Andrews, Arnold, Atherton, Aycugg, Bibcock, Biker, Bar
ton, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Bowne, Brew-
ster, Bnggs, Brockway, Challes Brown, Teremiah Blown,
Burke,Burnell, WilhrimO Butler Ca1 un, IhomosI Camp
bell, Casey, John C Clark, Chif >rd, Clinton Cowen, Cianston,
Cross, Cushing, Garrett Davis, Richald D Davis Dean, Doan,
Doig, John Edwaids, Egbert, Everett A I. Foster, Gid
dings, Granger, Green, Halsied, Hairi" Hays, Howard, Hub
ard, Hudsin, Hunter, James Irvin, Jajnes I ane, Robert Mc
Clellan, MoKennan, Marehand, Alfied fiarshall Mathiot,
Mat'ockJ, Maynaid, Medí 1 Miller, Moore, Moigan, Mima,
Morrow Osborne, Owsley, Parment r, Pop Powel, Benj
RandaM, Reding, Rldgw v, Riggs, W Rusbell J M ku«i  l,
Saltonstall, Sanford, --naw, Sh ¡df? Slide, Tiuman Su i b,
Snyder, Alexander H H Stuart, Tihn T Stuart, Summers,
ISweney Taliafeuo, Richard W Ihon pson, Tdli igh^&t, To
land,Trumjuli Wellei, joseph L Wh re thoma-W Wil
turns, James W Will'ams, Jo oph L William  Yorkc, and
John Young—103
l^AY->—Meosrs Al en, B^esen, Billack Black, Boyd Bron
son, Airon " Blown William Butler Patrick V Caldwell,
William <t Campbell Caruther , C h ipman, Ch ttenden, Coles,
Mark A C wpei, Cravens, Daniel Daw on Debeny, John
C Edwar's Fo* nden, 1 dlmnie, John G Flcvd, Thom-s T
Foster, fia nbl Ontry Go„,in .Vllliam O Gold Gilstme,
Gwm Habersham, II ihms Houston, Charles J Ingeisoll,
Joseph R Imrer'Oll, William W Iiwin, Cave J hiisni J w
Jonel John P Kennedy, Lewi- Lmn Abraham McClellan
McKay, "amson Mason Maxwell, Mitchell, t ew laid, Payne,
Pearce, Plumer, Ramsey Alexanlei Randall, Randolph,
Read, Rencher, Reyno ds, Rodney, Roo evolt, Saunders shep
perd, Stanly Sieenrod, ¡Mokely, S ratton bumter Jacob
Thompson, Tomtmson, Tiiplett, Tutney, I nderwood, Van
Buren. Wallace, Wairen, Washington,. Westbrook, and E 1
ward D. White—77.
So the House concurred in the amendment of
the Commutes of the Whole.
The next question was on concurring in the
Stmeadment disbanding two surgeons and ten as-
CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
SHtant su-g'ons; and Ibis question was decided in
the affirmative—aves 91, noes 40
The next question was oa concurring m the
amendment sinking oat the 5ih section, as fol-
lows:
Sec 5 And be it further enacted, That a competent person
may be employed by the ordnance btjieau, under the direction
of the Secietarv of Wai fn such time ai> may be necessan,
t  superintend the manufictu," of iron canno i at the several
foil nines wnere such cann n n y be made under contracts
with ihe United úfales, whose pay and emoluments shall not
exceed tho e of a mijoi of or lnance dining the tun he si all
be so empbyed to be paid out of the appiopnttions fol
eimament of fortifications, and for the services tendered m
¡>urh superintendence since tie f-'st d ly .f March, eighteen
hundred and forty one, unlet the authority oí ihe Wir De
paitmen', the same compensation shall be alie wed as herein
piovided
Mr. W W. IRWIN a-.keu Cie yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, b .ng taken, re^uiied as
follow.
YEAS—Mews All n Landaff W Andrew , Arnold, Ather
ton Av ri^ff Bibcock, Briton, Blali, Boy 1, Biew-j el lili^gs,
A V Blown Jeiemiah li own Burki ( alhoun, J Í ampbell,
U n li Campbell, lhjmis T Campbt 11 Cmithei , Ca-ey,
< hit e iden, nufor I toles Cowen, Daniel, Dem, Debury,
Gentry, Gu'd nge VUnck G Goode Green Gwm Ilaisted,
liirns, Hays, Hopkins, Houston, Howaid, Hubard, iiuntei,
James, Ca\e Johusoi, Tohn W lints, Andrew K tne v,
Ie\ s, Lmn, Ab iham McC Ian K^beuMcCle ' in, Mallory,
Mithlot, Mitlorks Meldt, Mlllel, Mllrhel!, Mooie Oabome,
Owsley Piyt e, Pope, P iwell, lie ,1, Reding, Renchci, R y-
ndus, Ri£fg;s Rod ev, Roosevelt, Wm Ru-&eil ""amesM Ri
sill "silstin ° all -?aifoid tohaix, Sheppeid ^-ny ler, *teem d,
Stiaton Alexander 11 II totuait, ¡r'weney, Piiiaferro, Rich
oil Vv Tiomosu !a"ob Tnmpson, Tunny, tin lerwon I Van
limen   Wa ¡ace, V\<i l mgron W atteism, and V. eilei -8)
NA\i-Mes-i Ala ip feheihek J Andicws APP eton,
Biici, Bej on 'Idiu v, Itudse'e 1'oarhn n, Bowne li tris n,
CI Bionn Bu'nell Wm IS it ^i, Wm O Budei ° C
Caldtt 11 Cllapii-n Í ho C <lirk,(hnion MaikA Coapt i
( i Wftior, Ci tveos Cios^, Cubbing C iriett Divi« Riel ard I)
I) his, Doa i Doig, Lveieti le i í n, I i liniu lo 11 G
F «yd A Lawre ire Pocli i TinmasF í uitei G imblc, Go-
gin, Grmg i Gu tine Hahcsh m Hilmes ilouek Hudsoi,
ChailcsJ In riM ', Io«e|ih R ln"ersoll lai ie« Iivin, W Vv.
Irwm, Juhn P Kenned) 1 am M tiay, ?U Kennin, McKeon,
Muchand Alfied Mu'i I 1 M «m, Mivwell Maynarl
"frigan Minis iljro\,> vl il Pcaire, Piumel, I a nsey,
Benjamin R'nihil, A exan r tin ida 1 Ranlilrh Rnl"\ av
^iur lo, sh i Is, «¡Ule, rrun i tenilh, ^ta ;, ukely,
John! «tun, umm r ^ ímier.liHi sins, Tolmd Tom
ho on, Tup °tt, Waid, Warret, \\ sltnce* Ldvvaid I> White,
Jos phL Whie Tllumi'W Wi ham lames H Williams,
J) ephL Wilums  Yoilt  ->nd Jihn Youn0—90
So the atnendme'it was "ot concurred in.
The next question was oa concurring in the fol-
lowing atnendme  I
Stnke out [fiom the clause allowing doulle rations] the
word 
"To the generals commanding the oastein and western e-e
ogiaphicai divisions, and to the col neis and othci o ttcors con
man ling military geogiaphical department .,"
And insert-
"To the geneials or oth"i ofli"er!, comman hng geogrsoliicil
milue yd pai nents, to the A Ipttaiit G-'ne al ol the army, tie
ftuait mabter Geneial the C limitary General ol ^ubss.
e k and the Co neis oí the co ps ol enginceis, tho ordnanci,
and topographical engineers "
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL a«kel the yeas and
nav«, which were ordered , rnd, being tak^n, re-
sul ■><! as follow!'
YEAS—Messrs Adam , Landaff W Andrews, Sherlork I
Andrews, An lelon, Babd cl , Rakei, Ration, Birdseye, B air,
I .animan Borden Bowie Inggs Bionson Wm Butler,
John C Clark Cranston, Cravens, Cushmg Tessenden Till
more Phom is T Pobtei, Gamble Giddinss Grangel, G een,
Gustine, Habusl am Holmes, Hudsm, Jose h R Inacrioll,
Jmeslivii  V\ in   W   Iiwio  JjhnP  K nn«ly, I ane, MeKen
an, Samsoi Mason, Mixwell, Ma) ard, Mitchell Morear,
Morris, Morrow, Owsl y, Pope, Powell, Profli Ra riolrn,
Rid°way, Sal onstall Silah, Tiuni^n Mnith, Mai ly S okt y,
hummers Iiliifenu, R chai I W Iiompsiu Ti llnghafl
Toand, Irnlet T'umbull V\all3Ce Wi-lnnglon, EdwaidD
Wine, Joseph L Whut ThimasW Williams, and ^ or¿e
—60
NaY^—Vessis Arnold, A lerl n,Avc g", Becoon Bidlack,
Black, Boyl Brewstei Anon V B'own < n les Lrown,
T remiah Biown Burke, Green \\ Caldwell, Calhoun, Jol n
Compbell,\im 1! Campbell Ih mas I tampbel Cirulle's,
Ca ey 'h nan, Chi tei 1 i (Inirl, C im n o'es, fark
looper C i e , tro s, Richard D Davis Debeiry, I) >an,
1) ig Join C idwirds E bert, Emeu, Ijhn G Floyd,
Gentry Go'gm Pitnrk G Coode Wm O G rode, Gr-ham,
Gwm Hal <-i litr-is It ) , Ho ilms lit irk Houston How
aid, HubarJ I I I geiao 1, Jame Cave Iihnson J In W
Jiies, A i kaw ICeir dv.íevi" L i Abraham MrC¡e|lan
RobcitMeCella McKay McKer i Mal'ory, Marehand, Alf ed
Mai 'u'   Mam t   Md toe s   ÍV'etlil ,  Moore, Isewtiaul   0=
oine, Parn en er, la>ne Pearre Plumer Ram ey Bel iimin
R a'all Al xa Jer Randall, Read Rem? R n her J igi-
Rotaey, Rooe elt, V\ illiam Ihi«ii' James M Ru^ell S- n
lord saupde's Sshav. -shepi eld, - eld" S yfei, SteenroJ,
Stiatlon, Alexander ÍI H ■- iait 1 hi T b uart hnmte ,
ííweney, Jacib Thomison 1 milinson, Tuin.y, Uod-iwou ,
Van Bjren,V arren, Waaeison Welter, We=tbrook, JosephL
Wilhams, and Joan Yuuag—107
The next ques'ion was on concurring in the fol-
lowing amendment.
Strike out [from th« clama allowing double rations} the
T'ordi 
84£
"To the commandant of each of the armones, and of each
arsenal, to theofficersof the corps of engineers and mpograph-
lcal engmeeis having the immediate command of-the men en-
s?2ed in the construclion of fortifications, or * ther military
woiks, oí m the improvement of harbors or rivers, but not to
include any superintendent other than the offlcer having such
immediate c immand "
This amendment was concurred m—%yes 92,
noes not counted.
The bill *~as then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and havng been re,U the third
time—
Mr PROPFIT arbed the yeas aid nays, which
were order, d, and, bents; taken, resu led ">s follows.
YEAS—Messis Adams Lvndaff W And ews, Sherlock J.
Anthews App eion Arnold, Athelton, Aycngfi Bat uck, Baker,
B rton Beesn lidlick, tiirleye Hi in, lloare m Borden,
Bo\d B-i" , inorkwjy Aaron V Brown Milton Brown, Jer-
emiah biowi, uiiike, Williin o Bulle- Green W Cildwell,
P rick C Ca -veil Ca'h lun, Willi mi B Camp'ell, I homas
J Ca npbel Cuut rs, Cas j Chapín m, Cmtteuden lohn
C Clark, < liffiid Clinton, Ctks Ma k A Cioper, Cowen,
Crmston, Gam tt Davis Everett Fes^enden 1 llmoie,Gentry,
Gi Idne-s Gog°tn Patilck G Gn ide W nun O Goode Gra-
ham, Green, Gwm Hall, Iionca, Hou ton, II waid, Hubard,
Hutlson, Hunter, James Iiun, Tel n W J mes, Lane, Linn,
All ham MoClelltn, McKay, M<A<mnin, Tin mas F Mar
shall, S M son Math oí, Mattocl s Majnird, Mitchell, Mor-
gan, Moins Morrt w Osborne, Owsley Parmenter Payne,
Pope, Powell Raí i ey, Benjamin Randa 1, Alexander Randall,
I. ird dph Rt id Re liner llenchel Reynolds R dgwav Wm
Russell ItnesM Russell, Saundeis haw, Shepi erd,Shields,
•* tde I turnan Smi h Snyder, Stanly,   eeiirod,  io velv, Sirat-
ton, A II II   uart, J >hn T S uan, Suu o rs Tacoh Thomp.
son, Tomlinson,Tuple  Iiumbull, Ituncv Underwood, War.
nn, Wa hmgion Weller Westbiook, J se, h I White, The .
V" Will in«, Inn  W Wil lams, Jo e¡ h L Williams,
Yiike enl lohn Young-123
NAY~  -Mts i B tck Bowne, HrewMei, Bion-on Charle 
Blown ' ibn Caii|UM Cuss Ci ti i Rirla d D Davis,
)) an, Dog loin ' T Iw^i 's Esbeit Jol- G Tloyd, A L.
lister, Thomas P Tostel Gamble Graneti Cue ne ILber-
sliam Hal 1, Hirrs Hays, Holm s, Hopkins, Ci-ules I In.
^irsol! Tisei i R irgGrsdl,V ínm W Irwin James, Cave
Iilinsoii lohn P K enaly Lewis Rot ertMcClel an MiKeon,
Malloi M clan  !fie I i  r-Jnll, Maxwell Me nil, Mdler,
rs \vh ii Ped ic J'luiie Piofiit, Rl g Ridney Ruusevelt,
^alt usía!! ^ml i 1 swent Tahalerro Richard W Thomp.
t.00, Tilhnsi ist, lolind, Van Buren, Wan), Waiteison,and
Edward D White —t¡l
So the bdl was passed as amended.
Mr. ARNOLD proved that the House resolve
itself into a Co ,imutee of the Who'e on his bill
tore'uee the pay ot metnbeiS of Congress, and
o hei Governmfi t officers.
Mr HALS FED moved that the House go into
Committ e of tV Whole on the bill to regulate the
taking of testimony in cases of contes'ed elections.
Mr HOLMES moved that the House go into
Committee of the Wnole on the fortification bill.
The SPEAEHR «aid all thee mmons to go m'o
Committee of the Whole, for th  purpose of taking
up tfiecific b lis, were out of order, as it woald te
for the committee itself to determine what bill it
would talep up
The House then agreeá to resolve ilse'f into
Commiltee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
(Mr Bribgs of Masoácbmetts in ihe chair )
Mr ARKOLD renewed his motion to lake op
the bill to reduce the pay of members of Congress,
and other Government officers.
Mr. HOLMES inDvcd to take up the fonfica-
Hon bill
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved to take up the b,U
in relation to the results of the exploring expedi-
tion.
Mr. H^XSTED moved to take up the bill to
rrgulaie the taking of testimony in cases of con-
tested elections.
Me^rs. T. W. CAMPBELL and COWEN
moved to take up bills whose titles were not
heard.
Mr. McKENNON moved to take up the bill
making appropriations for certain acts of marine
hospdats on th" west>rn waters
Mr. CALHOUN moved to take up the bill to
amend and consol 'ate ihe several ae s concerning
navy pensit.i,
Mr ADÁW3 moved to take up the bill to pro-
I v de for me sansf-e'ion of claims ior French spo-
I   1 ations pr or 'o 1800
Mr GAMBLE moved to take lip the bill to
provide for ihe payaient of the Qeoigia militia for
certain services.
Mi. D. H. LEWIS made & like motion in re-
lation to the Alaoama militia.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to take up the bill
reported from ihe Judiciary Comrm tee, to remove
doubts respecting the construction of the revean 
