846
laws, which, he said, was of pressing importance
Mr. PROFFIT moved to take «p the bill ma-
king appropriations for the Cumberland road,
which had been long oppressed.
The CHAIRMAN inquired the number of the
bill, (all othsr gentlemen, on moving to take up
bills, having given their number.)
Mr. PROFFIT said he knew not how it stood on
the calendar, but it was A No. 1 in his estimation.
The vote was then taken on taking up Mr Aa
mold's bill, and the motion was nrgatived by an
overpowering "No " Tellers, were called for, and
Messrs. C. Brown and Reinólos were appointed,
and they reported 39 in the affirmative. The nega
tive was not taken.
Mr Tillinghast's bill in relation to the explor-
ing expedition, and Mr. Holmes's fortification bill,
were also vote.d down.
Mr. Halsjwd's motion was sustained, 101 voting
in the afixjffaative.
CONTESTED ELECTION BILL.
The/Committee took up the bill entitled "A bill
\     regulating ihe taking of testimony in cases of con-
I    tested elections, and for other purposes."
^     JThe Clerk read the bill through; and having
done so, he re-read the first section, which was in
"■file following teims:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Represent
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress as
sembtedi That it shall be the duty of the officer or boaid, author
izetl by the laws of the several states to make the final canvass,
and ascertain or determine who aie elocted members of the
House of Repiesentativcs of the Congress of the United States,
oi to commission such persons, or proclaim such result to
transmit a duly authentic«ed copy of such deturuination,
commission, or proclamation, to the Clerk of the said House
Of Representatives, from which, at the commencement of the
first session of every Congiess, itshall be the duty of theCleik
of the preceding House to prepare i list of the members elect,
jor the organization of sucn House "
Mr HALSTED, chairman of the Committee
of Election , explained the provisions, and the ne-
cessity and importance of this bill.
Mr. ROOSEVELT pointed out certain difficul-
ties respecting the duties here prescribed for the
Clerk of the preceding House ot Representatives.
No provision appeared to be made in case of the
death of that oiheer, nor was any oath required
for the proper discharge of his duties, li thirty-
six men should come here at the next iessiou
from the State of New York, elected by general
ticket, (though it was not likely to happen,) and the
Clerk was under no obligation by oath, some diffi-
culties might arise; for it would be scarcely com-
petent fot the Clerk, or he might not, if unuer no
such obligation as he had specified, properly de-
cide on the legality or such election, under the late
act of Congress
Mr. HALSTED rose to explain, but
Mr. UNDERWOOD, to remove one difficulty
suggested, moved to add, alter the word "House,"
in the twelilh or last line but one, the following:
'Orín case of hH loath, or inability loactfiom any cause,
then the duel clerk m hisofhcc '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON •susses.teo that another amend-
ment was necessary The ser-Hon, as it now stood,
required the officer, or board, authorized by the
Iaws of the several States* to make the canvass,
&c , and to proclaim the result, but no time was
speuhed for ihe performance oí this duty, a d
therefore it might not be done m sufficient time to
enable the Clerk ol the House of Representatives
to make out his list oí the meinbeis e ect for the
orgaai7atun oí the House He moved, there-
fore, to insert, aftei the word result, "within 20
days after said result is known."
Mr FILLMORE suggested that the word "forth-
with" would answer the purpose.
Mr HOUSTON accepted the modification.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL said there was no neces-
sity to state any time whatever, provided it was
done before tne meeting of Congress.
Mr MORGAN called the attention of the com-
mittee to the second section, which was in these
words:
"Sec 2 And be it fui liter enacted, That if such officer or
board shall neglect to [ ertorm the duty re ¡uned ol them by the
preceding secti m, it shall be the duty oi the said Clerk of the
House of Representatives, by letter, to call their attention to the
subject, and request a compliance, but if, for tny cause, the
«aid Clerk shall not receive the evidence of election contem
plated by th« preceding section, ther1, m making up the list of J
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
members elect for organization, it shall be his duty to supply
such omission from the best evidence which he can obtain
' This section invested the Clerk with important
powers, and it was necessary that he should have
time for the discharge of his duties.
Mr. ADAMS made some observations on the
same subject.
Mr. FILLMORE obssrved, that while he had
the honor of serving on the Comrm tee of Elec-
tions, as well as since that time, he had been con-
vinced of the necessity of adopting some measure
by which authentic information should be pro-
cured on which to rely in the organization of the
House, and, further, that it should be brought m
early enough to be used in the beginning of the
session, but, when the House had once organized,
no law that they could now pass could control it
in the exercise of the constitutional right ef deter-
mining who was elected It was clear to him that
they should distinguish between evidence furnished,
in the first instance, for the organization of the
House, and that when they were to decide on the
validity of the election Again- though Congress
might prescribe the districts in which the elections
should be held, and also prescribe the times of
holding them, yet it could not exercise any
control over the persons who are to hold the elec-
tions: for instance, it could not be supposed that
Congress could exercise any control over ihe Gov-
ernors of the States. Though it was desirable
that there shotald be a uniformity in the mode of
declaring the elec ions, yet he believed it would be
impossible to arrive at such a result. The gentle-
man was mistaken in supposing that a majority of
the members were commissioned by the Governors
of the States. It was not so in his State, for there,
the Governor had nothing to do with the matter.
There was a board of commissioners to canvass
the elections throughout the State, and declare the
result, and give certificates to the persons elected.
Mr. AARON V. BROWN had very little to say
with regard to this bill; but the question he wanted
to raise was, as to the propriety of the 1st and 2d
sections He thought that these sections were not
properly connected with the subject on which they
were about to legislate, as might be inferred from
the tule of the bill. There was a universally ad-
mit'ed evil on this subject, which he believed the
former Committee of Elections, as well as ihe present
one, felt a strong inclination to remedy, and about
which, should a rtmedy be proposed, there was
not much likelihood of a difference in the House
The two first sections of the bill, however, did not
relate to contested election cases, nor m the slight-
est degrae to the evil to be remedied From the
3d setuon to the end of the bill, th~ whole subject
ot contested elections would be found to be em-
braced, but the two first sections coacerned noth-
ing but (he organization of the House, which, m
his opinion, it was out of their power to provide for
better than at present. He would affirm that no
law hit they could pass would ever prevent such
occurrences as ihe member from New Jersey al-
luded to. The House would judge of the elections,
qualifications, and returns of its members, as it
w^ empowered to do by the Constitution; and
would never think of consulting the Senate or the
President on this subject Why, then, attempt by a
bill ot this description to regulate a matter in which
there was no probability of their succeeding? And
if there was such a probability of success, was
this the right mode of proceeding? Why direct the
Governors of the States to send in the evidence of
the elections before the meeting of Congress?
There was nobody authorized to make the call on
them for this evidence, for the Clerk, so far from
assuming the authority to do so, would, at such
times, hardly know whether he has any legal ex-
istence or not. Nothing could be done till the
meeting of Congress, and when that day amved,
every man who claimed a seat would present him-
self in the House, with the evidence lo estaolish
his right.
Mr HALSTED here interrupted Mr Brown,
and proposed, as there was not a full House, to
pass over the 1st and 2d sections, and go on with
the other parts of the bill, concerning which there
was no difference of opinion.
Mr. BROWN could hardly accede to thege-n.
tleman's proposition, without the general assent of
the House; but he would suggest to him to con-
sider these two sections as stricken out, and go on
with the rest of the bill. The view that he took of
the question was thi<: there was no necessity for
sending in here any testimony til) the meeting of
Congress; and when that day arrived, he sup-
posed there would be persons here contesting
seats, and that the House would be competent
to decide on its own mode of proceeding in such
cases. The first difficu ty that would occur would
be in the organization of the House. Who was
to rise to call a member to the chait? This
struck at once at the question before the House;
for who was to decide which members were le-
gally elected? Was the Clerk to do it) Was he
to decide irom his official list? Now, if it was:
intended by this bill to render the list made out by
the Clerk an official one that, could not be doubteá,
he must express his entire dissent from such a
principle. If, instead oí rising and calling for the
members of the several States in their order,
naming them, the Clerk calls the names of the
members from his official list, could any one rise
and object to another, when flailed, that he was
not a member? Should such a question be raised,
was it to be decided by the Clerk? Was it intend-
ed by this section to give him au'honty to call
whom he pleased, and no questions ask°d? If so,
Mr B. asserted that it was giving huT  higher
authority than he approved of. If these sections did
not intend to give this official importance to the
Clerk, they were in other respects wrong in
principle, and he therefore moved to strike out
these two sections.
Mr. POPE expressed the hope that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee would pre-
vail. He thought that, in adopting thess two sec-
tion , they would be legislating too much. There
was no difficulty in getting on as they always had
done, and in deciding on each other's credentials.
This matter must be settled here, as it was in every
convention in the world As to their saying that
the Clerk, who was a mere ministerial officer cre-
ated by themselves, should have the power to enrol
such members as he thought proper, he could not
give his assent to such a proposition. Mr. P. con-
tended that there was no difficulty under the former
practice, which he described. As to uniformity, it
could not be obtained, unless Congress took from
the States the power of nolding elections, and held
tbem by its own officers
Mr SALTONSTALL having made some ob-
servations,
Mr. HOUSTON moved to strike out the words
at the close of the second section, as follows: "lit
shall be his duty to supply such omission from the
best evidence which he can obtain " He pointed
out the importance of depriving the Clerk of such
great powers as this branch of the section would
give to him.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN opposed the bill with
even more than his usual animation. The first
section of this bill proposed to do what had never be-
fore been attempted in a free popular Government;
it suggested a measure more dangerous than had
ever been tried either here or in Great Britain—
namely, to establish a tribunal to obviate the dif-
ficulty m the organization of primar/ assemblies,
by judging of the right of those who claimed to
compose them. Such a tribunal had never yet
been discovered, either in England or in America.
An effort had some ímes been made here to confer
that power on the executive of a State; but it had
been resisted, and ever would be. It never was
intended by the Constitution that any power should
interpose between the people and their House of
Representatives. The Commons of England met,
declared who they were, and who should be their
Speaker. They judged of each other's credentials-
here, each House was declared to be the exclusive
judge of the election, returns, and qualifications of
Us own members But what was this House now
mvited to do' That power which the Constitution
kept with such jealous eare from all but themselves,
they were asked to confer upon a Clerk, and that
not their own, but who had been the Clerk of a
preceding Congress—of another body—when even
one Congress could not prescribe to anether. Was
