CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            847
this in the contemplation of the Constitution? It
was the intention of that holy instrument that this
part of the Government should come pare and
unalloyed from the people themselves, without any
control from any quarter. He admitted that this
might be attended, in the outset of a Congress,
with some inconvenience, and possibly some
troable; bat they were in all this responsible to
the people, and to the people alone. They were
not going to ask a Clerk who had, and who had
not, a right to take a seat on that floor; they would
submit to no executive or other human tribunal;
but held themselves responsible alone to the people
and to God.
The committee were attempting too much. They
were trying to do what our fathers were never able
to do—:o get a free popular assembly to be like
some clock, or other machine, that would go of
itself, with a mechanical regularity. It could not
be done; and if it could, the vital informing soul
of a free Government would have been destroyed.
Be the difficulty of organization what it might, he
wanted not to see it obviated by force of law; when
that was done, the first principle of representative
government was ..stricken down and destroyed.
Such a thing never had been attempted in the Brit-
ish House of Commons. Something, in these
cases, was to be taken for granted. It was not to
be presumed that gentlemen would come here like
thieves and robbers, to seize on seats in this hall
without color of right. If they did, the appeal
would lie to the people, and nowhere else.
Mr. B. had seen this question tried. He had
seen the attempt made to make the Executive a
judge, and it had fatied; and none who had been
present and witnessed that failure, would ever at-
tempt that project again. He had seen the Execu-
tive hand thrust- imo the Representatives' hall of
his own State, (Pennsylvania,) to point out who
should take a seat there; and he had seen that hand
mutilated, and the man himself prostrated in the
dust. He hoped never to see that thing attempted
again. Men who claimed under such credentials,
derived from such an authority, and who attempted
to organize themselves into a House on the strength
of them, had been driven by an indignant people
from the seats they usurped, from the hall into
which they intruded, and finally from the possession
of power.
He wanted the people's Representatives to meet
under their sole responsibility to tEe people. No
clerk should interfere with iron hand to put this
man in, and that man out. Mr. B. insisted on judg-
ing for himself who were to be his associates, and
having them judge in regard to him. Let our in-
stitutions be preserved in their freedom. They had
proved themselves able to sustain the shock, and
that very fact ought to prevent all attempt at inter-
ference.
He had been here at the time alluded to, (1839;)
he had seen it all; he had witnessed the confusion,
and he had gloried in it. It spoke well for the
strength and perpetuity of our Government. He
regretted the cause, but he gloried in the result; it
showed that our institutions were able to resist
anything and everything that threatened them, and
that they had that tñs conssrvalrix—that inherent
spirit of life and strength and self-preservation—
that enabled them to bring order out of confusion,
and to gather strength and solidity from every as-
sault. Might their free spirit long, long survive,
and every attempt to enchain it sigaally fail!
Mr. LINN, after a cursory review of the provi-
sions of the bill, and especially of the two sections
which were so strenuously opposed, said that to
him the objection of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bbowm] seemed strange indeed. The
gentleman referred, in corroboration, to the British
Parliament. Now Mr. L. would undertake to say
that no man ever took his seat in the House of
Commons that did not first exhibit credentials of
his election; and that was all that was required by
this bill. It proposed to avoid the difficulty which
had bsen experienced in the organization of this
House in two ways: either by a general official
certificate of the results of the election in each
State, or by the exhibition of due credentials by
the individuals claiming a seat. It proposed no
control over elections—ne interference with their
entire freedom—no prescription with the form of
returns; all it asked was that such a return or cer-
tificate, or commission—call it what you would,
pul it in what form you please—as the laws of
each State required, should be placed in possession
of the Clerk, from which a prima facie list of mem-
bers should be made out.
He could see no force in the objection urged by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown.]
There was no inteiferencc with that provision of the
Constitution which declared that each House
should be the judge of the election and returns of
its own members. This bill only provided a mode
of prima facie judgment, with a view to organiza-
tion, and then, in case of alleged fraud, the House
must give final judgment between the claimants.
How was the House constituted, as things bow
stood ? The Clsrk received returns from Govern-
ors, or other authorities of the States, or from mem-
ber themselves, and made up such a list as he was
able. The bill gave an official form to the evj-
deucfi on which he proceeded. So far from inter-
fering with the rights of the States as to electing
and certifying as best pleased themselves, it con-
firmed those rights. It established State rights,
not destroyed them. It took away from the Clerk
the power of making a House, not conferred it. If
the first two sections should be stricken out, all
that was most valuable in the bill would be lost.
It would leave the House subject to be turned, as
it had lately been, into a perfect bear-garden.
The question now came up on the first amend-
ment to the bill, viz: on striking out the word
"forthwith," in the first section, which was agreed to.
Mr. HABERSHAM observed that the question
was a very important one, and the House but thin,
and taken rather by surprise; he would therefore
make a motion that ihe committee rise.
[Loud remonstrances were heard; and requests
to withdraw or change the form of the motion.]
Mr. H. consented to withdraw the motion.
Whereupon—
Mr. ARNOLD moved that this bill be laid
aside, and that the committee take up the bill to re-
duce pay and mileage.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL addressed some re-
marks, apparently to Mr. Halsted, which could
not be heard by the reporter. He was understood
as saying something about his entertaining great
doubts as to the constitutionality of the bill. He
concluded by asking Mr. Halsted in what sense
he understood the word "House," in the clause
which made each House the judge of the elections
and retuvns of its own members.
Mr HALSTED replied that there were differ-
ent construcion? put upon the word ; his own con-
struction always had been, that those who met at
the opening of a session were not a "House'' till
they were íegulariy organized ; but a majority of
the House, in the case of the New Jersey election,
had decided otherwise. The purpose of this bill
was to declare what a House was, and when and
how it should be organized, according to law, and
not according to the will of any individual. The
difficulty which had occurred in the New Jersey
case would occur again, and was liable always to
occur so long a-s the present mode of proceeding
wa* allowed to continue, and the Clerk was suf-
fered to call the members from a list made m his
own way and on his own evidence. It placed the
rights of tiii members, and the rights of their con-
stituents, all in the power of one man; and he
bound by no oath, and guided by no rule, but his
own discretion. The bill did not give—it restrain-
ed this arbitrary power, and placed it under rule of
law.
Gentlemen had spoken of the bill as if it created
or conferred some new power; but what could be
greater than the power now in the hands of the
Clerk of a former Congress, by his mere ipse dixit
to form a House of Representatives, and make
both a Speaker and a Clerk? This unauthorized
power, which might change, and which on a late
occasion did change, the whole political aspect of
the House, this bill limited and restrained. Its
operation was not to violate the will of the people,
but to carry that will into effect. The bill declared
how that will should be manifested; it proposed an
orderly, quiet mode of organizing a House till
questions of contested election could be regularly
brought to a decision.
But what was the idea of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania? [Mr. Bbowkt.] He was for allow-
ing two mesnbers to come, claiming to have been
elected in the third district of Philadelphia, and
bmh take their seats, and both vote for Speaker;
and if two might, twenty might; and if from one
district, then from all. This bill would prevent so
monstrous a proceeding. The gentleman's notion
seemed to be that adverse claimants were to come
into that hall, and each party call upon their own
friends to sustain them—and this to continue till the
passions of men became exasperated; their obstinacy
roused; and thus, delays of weeks intervene, while
the public business was set aside, and the country
kindled into a flame. All this had happened; and,
but for a magnanimous forbearance worthy of all
praise, members would have come to blows on that
floor; and if one blow had been given, blood would
instantly have flowed, and a convulsion occasioned
in tbe country which would never have ceased till
our Constitution was prostrated, and this proud pile
reduced to a smoking ruin. He could not see on
what ground gentlemen objected to so reasonable
a measure as the bill proposed. It did not under-
take finally to settle the right to any seat; it left
that just where the Constitution left it—to the
House, after it was organized and sworn, and be-
came a body capable of united action.
It provided not that every man should come
who claimed a seat, and vote, without oath, on the
credentials of others, and for Speaker and Clerk;
but that some one person (if gentlemen did not
like the Clerk, let them appoint a member) should
be authorized to form a list of men having aprima
facie title to seats, and who should act under oath.
It was vain to say that men would not come (here
without some evidence of their authority: they had
done so, and they might do so again. Was it wise
to leave the matter under such a contingency?
Who could say how far a bold and reckless ambi-
tion would carry men? Men differed widely on
political subjects, whether of constitutionality or of
expediency. Who could take a calm, judicious,
unbiassed view of things where his own interest or
ambition was deeply involved? The bill aimed to
prevent contest, and violence, and bloodshed: all it
said to the claimant of a seat was, "stand back for
a moment, till your claim can be heard and adjudi-
cated upon."   Was this too much?
If the bill was not perfect, (andhe was far from
saying that it was—perfection did not belong to the
work of human hands,) let gentlemen, instead of at
once destroying, endeavor to amend it. Mr. H.
had himself some amendments which he proposed
to offer at a proper time: his main object had been
one which all who were the friends of peace and
order could not but ar>prove.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN- The gentleman had
referred to a time when tisis House remained three
weeks without organization. Yes, so it did: and
why? It only showed that the House took the re-
quisite time to consider and to settle well the ques-
tion, who were its members and who were not; but
the gentleman wanted that momentous question to
be decided in a moment. This House had taken
three weeks to settle it; and was not this better than
leaving one man to decide it on the first day of
their meeting?
The gentleman was very apprehensive that per-
sons not authorized would make a Speaker, and
thus appoint the committees of the House, and give
it its party complexion. But how easily miiht this
same thing be done on his own plan, by collusion
between a party Governor and the Clerk of the
House? This had been attempted in Pennsylva-
nia by a Secretary of Stale, and a minority of the
returning officers of Philadelphia county. False
returns were made at midnight, and despatched be-
fore the morrow's dawn to the seat of Government.
When the regular and authentic returns came, the
door was closed against them, and they would not
be received by the Secretary, nor submitted by him
to the House for its action. But upon the false re-
turns was attempted an organization, which, if it
had succeeded, would have completely overturned
the Government of the State, and drenched its fair
fields in blood.   Thus, here might a Governor of
