848
a State or a retaining rfü-ei, by collusion with a
cierk, fill ¡we stats with tho o who were not elect-
ed by th<" peop't to u¡l th m Bat, says thf gen-
tietnai from New J > ey, [Mr. HalstíD,] it is
only *o orgairze Use FE u-e Y/h n tins, is done,
the wh< ie dispu e can be exarnr-d into and prop-
erly settled B • does he net know ihít, b/ this
org n zauo1?, a Sr>fak" r rm/ be made, and a com-
mittee appoin ed, by h very vote  of t jese fraud-
ulently ínirrxi ced m ruber1!, aad that the e fraud-
ulently introduced memb s w 11 have a vote upon
their col'c^ses in in -^lty? The thing w>s not
new—u bat been at em, tel m his i,m S ate, and
mietti be here.
Mr B had himself, gone Ihe'e with certiicates
showng a major t/ of SOO voter*, but he was not
allowed to lay it t*pm the Clerk';, desk. No, he
was not allowed >o lay the cothii^ioh which the
people gave him upon the table of ¡his Clerk, al-
though, when the case was examined by a com-
mittee, it was found, after eiery deduct on, that he
bad a clear majority of 700. This was not the
way of removing th* difficulty The very fact
that the Hojse had been three week  in orgamzirj,
and that tinder such a state of excitement, within
and witnout the Hoits", as plircst le J to open
bloodshed, was in it<elf an argument rnoie p tent
than any of all others in favor of leaving tae ques-
tion to be settled there, on that flior, m tt'e f«ee of
God and of the American people, and subject lo
their judgment alone, and not of settling it b> mid
night cabals and by the instr «mentaht/ of a Clerk
wholly irresponsible Mr B , with much vehe-
mence, protested against all these atlemp   at the
simplification of our msiitutions—thcseunhallowed
efforts to break do n the bulwatks v hich had been
the safeguard of boih Bn'ish and Am ncan liberty
By this simplification of the mschmery of iree
government, a great Sta e of tf i Coi <ei!eracy had
been shaken to its verv centre, and mad' to uel
and toiler under ihe blo.v Had i1 t been at- I
tempted here, the a mngmfirent hilU mi~hf have
been dyed wit i American blood, and ihe tttr fi'liL
of our free and happy country desolated by the
torch of civil discord No, this American people
never would submit to have a pet y derk, lespon-
sible to nobodj., the mere puppet and lool ot party
leaders, sitting here in judgment on p n whom
they had freely chosen as their R"pre eriuti«s,
and denying them their standing on that flúor—no,
not for a mimrnt.
1 he fentleman never could have ce°n! ow much
the peace and good government of this toando de-
pended on the iacredneso of its dec ion power, o*
he never would have brought fieiea bill 'ike tha*
Wbtn lhat House of Represen atives ceased to be
the breath of the uostrils oí the peopl , tic h ind
pure gentle cea might rely on it the people, would
take the regulation of the m Uter into their own
hand* This popular rapresentat ve bjdy con-
trolled by law ' Never, never The) never would
suffer it. That House wa  the creature ot tne Con-
stuution, not of law This bill vn u! 1 put it un-
der law, and thus suffer the Execu ive and the
Senate to say how that House should be organ-
ized The Constitution expressly forbade any such
interference, it said that the House itself, and the
House alone, should be tne judge of that whole
matter The m' t odious, the mist revo tv g ly-
ranny that history recorded, hid bun perpetrated
■under color of law. He was afraid rf tne ver, be-
ginnings of such an attempt lie hoped, hr trust
ed, the House would raiher subm t to bjnie littlt?
inconveniences than submit to 'he c *trol <f a
hair's we ght in \ matter «o vi al to ueedo a Bat-
tel to beai the i'ls, we have, than lushto others that
we know not of He had been mirar oi this, n ore in
fear of it, than of tint it roporary conftuion whic'i
thf gentiem'") *-eemed so raao to dread Ihe
geatleroan had, >n his own case, bubipi'ted cheer-
fully to the jadgifien' of the douse, which rjed
him out. But if i iad b<en ihe Clerk, and net
the House, who ¿id it, bv refustt g to "ut do<vn hi.
name upon his arbitra-y li t— f the gei lema" had
had the spir t of one r/ the citi? ns oi bio Siate,
(New Jersey,) he would, wi¡h ins km e, have "ail-
ed his credentials to the de>-k. If it had been Mr.
B 'scase, he would have nailed not merely the cer-
tificate to that table, but ihe hand with it, which j
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had struck his name from the record of the peo-
ple's Representatives When we submitted to tvr-
annv, we deserved tobe slaves
The gen lemaa foigot the stirring appeal he
made to the p^op'e of hit, own S ate against the
e induct of a Clerk of tbi-> Hoube in that very New
Jersey election. But, un-'er his new bill, should
the Clerk refuse his name, to whom cruld he ap-
H-? ? The gentlsnan urged mat the Clerk would
be acting under sanction of law. Yes, andwbat
secunyhad he that th-> offi/pf would always be
t"o pure to be appnached by corruption? What
pledge had he trat, i£ ihe first retu'ns sent him did
not suit bis tas e, he would not make another
Hojse ihat pleased him oetUr1
Tne uiscussion ni coptmued oy Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, who repl ed to neiemarks ot Mr Br wi,
ccmmentipg \ixn t«e beautiful spectacle wmch
would be exhibi'ed here if the id as of mat gemle
mtn were to be c rned out. The obj ct of the oill
was pr ci eiy to nvc't ten scenes as ih   wh ch
the gentleman had described
And Mi. U md cued his intention to offer an
aiiPiidment to  'he seconc' spcuo"  when in order
Mr EOW1NE un/cd the committee ri«e, wh ch
motion p evading, t^e com a ee rose.
And h- House aljun^ned
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 5, 1842.
On mrti n of Mr. BAGBY, h lie was granted
to nuhdiaitf iror'" me rii s ¡no petit.on and papers
of «-Villinm Bare! ty .'     o h„'s
a. WOODBRlDuE, from t'.e Commit ee on
Claims, to which had been icieried ihe petuion of
Marga.et Blannerhas^et, pri/mg indemnity for
dama'?'' c"one t e f r p riv oí her no o^nd, by the
autUoui e¡, o .he Ifii e 1 fa att. , at the time of hi
aircst for 1 o> uipo, d c nm xiop w th Aaron
bun, rtporli-d th it tie coram ttoi. had mstri.c ed
him to a th ir discni'gc f cm it  fartoei cons,der-
aicn Tui-5 moncn wis accjmpam d by * report,
i hich wab or '"r^J to b  p mud [Mis Flanrer-
hasiet 'ip 1 since thf ^pphcat on was wade ]
Mi BATES, from he Committee on Pensions,
reporte J adversely to the parage < f the House
bills gr~ i ing r pension 'o "~atn~rme A'ltn, vmow
of Henry All n, and for th°r( lief of J^red Gossase.
Mr BA1E - aiso repr rted >ack, with an amend-
ment, House bill cnti ed "An act granting i pen-
ti n to A.mizt?h Goo win "
On mr ion of Mr B \ VEs, (the previous orders
h"\i<* b en postponed iur the purpos ,) thefrl-
1 wmgjo nt rest utit-1 v as taken up, explained by
Mr B , and pass°d, viz
Jlesoli ed by thf 8 natp ana House of Rppi a>entatives of
ihe United Glutei, of An e ica in Lo i°ress assembled, That
ti i h i^fus if he act eaut o 1 An <tu Srxnlngha pay art!
pr iiur a tiieittm \v d w <q ¡ joved the 7tli tidy of Tuly,
1^3S, °hall not bt. /itlihelt ftom irty w dow whose hu band
ult-d after tliv passage oft ie act of /th June 1332, mtl beiore
tlioict of lh°/t i Ju y 18o3 if otherwibe entitled to the same
Mr. BE1R1EN, from tne Committee 01 the
Jadiuau, reported bad, without amendment, the
following hills, which were taken up in committee,
considTfd, reported to the Senate, read the third
tin?", and parsed, viz-
An act in relauon to t'ie di tuct court of the
Honhern district of New York, and
An act reen ting the services of the several
judges of the 'i>r  tory of Iowa.
Mr CRAFTS, from the Committee on Prir-tir -,
to whica ^á* been referred the question of printnig
a l.-po't tro 1. tae En meei department of the sur-
vey ot the siraii- of D tioit reported 'n favor of
) l-inag the rcpnrt, except the v .art of the strdits
aces np^t jiu 
Htssr-,    V/OODBRtDGE,    PORTER,    ?nd
YOUNG, na'i''    m   '.na'ks   x iavor 0* pirn ,ng
the iha-t  acconoanv.g, a^d   vir OR   (TS Ge
icn'ed    ie con'" u 'on ot ne comm ttcc, th<>t it
was us-less to print th' chait
Th quesii a va-* then taien on c^rcnvngin
toe report of the (mint ti e, and it was non-con-
curred in—ayes 17, s ot„ 18
Mr. KING sugg sted mat the Senate having
non-ronc" rred in ihe report of the committ?e, com-
pletely reversed its conclusion, by passing in favor
of priMmg the caart, a d adversely o printing the
¡report which the ©hart accompanied.   The proper
'   ' ' :"'                     ■'                   ■■   .....'■             '    ,'ii'iA.iir
I motion would be to move to amend the report of
j the committee, by including the chart in the mo-
I tion to prtnt. Mr K then made someremaiks
I   against ihe printms of the chart,  whi^h he said.
would cost some |300 tr $400, wnhoai proving
of any benefit to the comtry.
Tne CHAIR sat 1 he u isuuderstood the report of
I   the coramiUee.    The  quesuoa was erroneously
,   Put-
I       Mr  W00DB3IDGE moved  to amend the re-
pon of lhe ct mmit ee, by inc'udmg the chart.
Mr. MeRO BERTS moved to ¡ay the whole sub-
ject on the table, and on that motion, demanded the
yeas an^ nay, which were ordered, and Ihe ques-
tion be ng put, it was decided in the negative—
yeas 17, n.iys 28.
I       The question  then recurred  on the motioa of
Mr. WooDB-iiDS", when
Messrs. KINGr, SEVIER, and CALHOUN op.
'   posed tse printing of the chart and Messrs AL-
I   LEN,WOODBR!DGE,  PORTER,  and TALL-
rilADGE advo-ated it, argjmg  that the expense
I   incur ed for the suivey, amounting to some $3 000
I   or §4 000, will have  bten uselessly expended, if
the chart be not panted
The ques on a men ta ren, and the report
was. amended by in-lading t>e chart. The report
was tnen concurred in.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted 10 «nhdraw from the fil-s ttie petition of
the hens of Jonn Hop ims for commutation pay.
THE BILL FOR   ¡T- E ORGANIZATION OF
THE ARMY.
Mr PRESTON, from ¡he Committee on Milita-
, ry Affair , to whicn aad been referred the bill (as
returned from the House, wi h numerous ameni-
ment*) resj ^cting the o.gar zation of the armya
ard tor othurpurpose ¡reponed üie*ame b-ck,with
a lecommendation that ihe Sen<¡ie di ngree to all
the am^rdmeins of the House and ask for acorn
mitit.e of conference. Mr P sa d the object of
the comm tice was part y th s 'X aere wa  a disa-
greement betweea th  two Hou es on th- bill ma-
Sing appropriation tor th" si.pnort of the army and
the milnaiy academj at Wtst Point This bill was
des gned for the purpose of cornpromi ng these
difiere?ces on the a'my appropriation bul, winch
I it st-emed had failed iO satisfy ihe H juse. Thus 1
wast'at the Senate had as ea and appoirted
commit ee of conference on it The purpose ©f
tn? co nmiltes, masking a con erence on this bill 
was, that, one hi! bun^ depen lent on the other,
both shou'd come be Oie a oonfe.eace at the
same ¡me.
Tne que lion was then put on c "agreeing to tas
ametitlti nts cf the Hou^e to the bd1 respecting the
cgan ^ition of ih„ army, and carried in the af-
fi «native.
On motion of Mr. PRE3TON, a committee of
conference v&o then appt nted ty the Chair, con-
sisting of the same Senators as constituted the cora-
1    mittee on, the army appioprmtion bi'l, viz Messrs
I    P^RESTt. !, Benton, and Evans
'       Tae b) 1 in  addition to t^e act to promote the
pros,ress|of the useful ¡uts, was lead the third time
I   and p.as*d
¡      THE TAEIPP BILL.
I       On ra¿ tion of Mr. EVANS, the revenue bill was
taken up ^nd read a third time.   The question be-
1   ing, "Shall thi' l ill pas ?"
Mr. CALHOUN ro,e, and said th?'the tariff
bill of 1828 was j„stiy ca led a bill of abomina-
t ons Bu', bad a. %as, this is infinitely worse
The average of dati s by this bill on the necessa-
ries of hie tub be 10 per cent greater than was
the ave' ige of the tariff bilí of 1823. There were
0 her diff rer c s He might point to the harshness
01. te s '•ill ib moro mmediite operation—going
jato effect en its passage, instead of giving three
mtnihi, a-, iu  Jaw of 1828 did. He might also
point to ihe ín^qa^taf of dunes, and their injurious
operation There were two other important con-
siderations1 the setting aside ot the compromise
act, and the violation of tho solemn pledge given
in the distribution act—that if d jtiss exeeed 20 per
cetit, the land fund shall be restored to the treas-
ury
He pointed out the prosperous impulse which
I the industry of the country had seeeived under tbf
