,__________■ IIIIWH.....     aiiMIDininil-'li   n   mi   1     i'.....i     i     i"       —
"J ¡> would be m conflict with the bill now before I
the , which took from the heads of the depart-
ments the immediate control of their respective
buildings. He had received letters from these gen-
tlemen, complaining of, and protesting against, the
bill, as depriving them of superintendence over
them; and, indeed, the measure, thus far, was not
a. reasonable one. Take a case for example: In
the Department of State, where ail the laws and
records are deposited, the officers, being responsible,
should have control over the persons who watch
the archives. He therefore proposed an alteration
of the bill, by striking out the first two sections, and
substituting in lieu thereof—
'That in addition to the guard or watch for the protection oí
the public buildings, there shall be established an auxiliary
guard, to protect the public and private propelty against the
torch of the Incendiary the guard to consis' of one captain, to
be appointed by the President of the United ¡states, at an annual
salary ef $1 000 fifteen other persons—five of them to receive
$35, and the remaining ten $30 per month, the auxiliary guard
to be subject to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed
"by a board consisting of the mayor of Washington, the attor
ney of the United States far the District of Columbia, and the
attorney of the corporation or Washington, with the approba
tion of the President of the United States "
The bill makes an appropriation of $7,000 for the
salary and insignia of office, &c.
Tae amendments were agreed to; and the bill,
thus modified, was read on the suggestion of
Mr CRITTENDEN, who said that Congress,
as the Legislature for the District of Columbia,
might, with propriety, organize a suitable system
of police. But if seemed to him that, by subjecting
this matter to the control of the President of the
United Slates, it might be metamorphosed into a
-political guard for the Executive and the governors
at the city of Washington He theught that it
would not be sntirely safe to organize such a corps.
tt was a little sort of standing guard, which might
ev ntually become a formidable army The seeds
own by this bill would soon germinate, and their
full development might overshadow the liberties of
the people. The consular gnard consisted original-
ly oí but thirty men; and there weie just thirty
who originally composed the imperial guard, which
subsequently numbered 85,000 strong, and proved
a terroi lo the world. He did not want to see this
seed sown; he did not know what they might reap
from it. He was willing, as far as he could, to
exit nd protection to public and private property;
but he desired to strip the watchmen of everything
which would give them the appearance of a Gov-
ernment guard He would suggest to his friend
whither it would not be better to strip the bill of
tint character which was stamped on it, and
v helhcr it v, onld not be bettsr to legislate cautious-
ly in this particular.
'Mr LINN observed that the bill would proba-
bly lead to 'ome discussion—not that he had an
objection to the insignia, but he would be glad if
the Senate would consent to pass over the subject
informally. Another thing: it was a public bill,
and be wished to lay it aside for the purpose of
going on with the private bills
Mr. BAYARD had no such apprehension as that
adverted to by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden ] The seed of this bill were but small,
and they were to be*iilanted,nourished,and watered
by ourselves Their development, therefore.depend-
ed entirely on our own will,an i there could not be
much danger that that will would be so exercised as
totransform asmail body of watchmen into a formi-
dable political body, to guard the Executive, or
sustain him in any ulterior design against the liber-
ties oí the people. So far as the Senator had cited
the enormous increase of the imperial guard, he
(Mr. B ) would say that the allusion was en irely
inapplicable to this case. The means and the
power to augment that body rested in the bosom of
one man, but the means and the power in this ca^e
were with the Representatives of the people. He
was confident that, after the Senator shall have con-
sidered tb  details of the bili, he would be satisfied
that it wa* a harmiess measure. The bill had been
passed by the House. He was firmly of the opin-
ion that there shpuld be a guard of some kind to
protect the public propertj, but he had no disposition
to pre s the bill against the wishes of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the iur.her
consideration of the bill was postponed for the
present.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I The bill to ex'end the right of pre emption to
certain settlers in the Territory of Iowa, came up
as in committee of the whole; and, without bemg
considered, was, on motion of Mr. HUNTING-
TON, postponed till Monday.
The bill to amend an act for the rel ef of Jami-
son & Williamson came up in its order, and was,
on motion of Mr BAGBY, laid on the table.
The following bilK were taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, considered, reported to the
Senate, and, being engrossed according to order,
were read the third time and passed:
House bill entitled An act for the relief of George
H. Walker.
House bill entitled An act to compensate the
township of Dublin, in Mercer county, Ohio, for
the loss of school lands.
[This bill was taken up on amendments recom-
mended by th° Committee on Public Lands Mr.
SMITH of Indiana and Mr. HUNTINGTON
advocated the amendments, and Mr. ALLEN and
Mr TAPPAN opposed them, on the ground that
injustice would be done the township, if it was
only allowed §2 an acre for land which was worth
$6 per acre.
The question was taken on the amendments, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas 22, nays 6 The
bill was then passed ]
House bill entitled An act for the relief of John
Johnson.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Eh
Wheat and Stephen White
Joint resolution from the House, to anfhorze
the commission appointed to prepare rules lor the
naval service, to appoint a clerk.
[Mr. CALHOUN opposed it. He thought that
there were snough clerks in the department to per-
form these duties ]
House bill entitled An act for the relief of John
B. Pierce
Joint resolution to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to settle the accounts of Patton, Pilcher, &
Company.
[Mr KING opposed fixing the rate of compen-
sation, and suggested the propriety of leaving it to
be adjusted by the Postmaster General. The reso-
lution was amended according to this suggestion ]
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Hen-
ry Gee.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of James
Seaburn.
House bill entitled An act for the rehef of Ben-
jamin C Roberts.
¡SUPPRESSION Or THE   ¡sALE  01   IOTTERY  TICxi
LTS I\ HIE DI-sTRICT Or COLUMBIA
The bill from the House, entitled An act to s id-
press the vending of lottery tickets in the District ot
Columbia, was taken up as in committee of the
whole, on certain amendments from the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MILLER said be had nst had time to ex-
amine the bill, and hoped the Senator from Dela-
ware would consent to postpone it.
Mr. BAYARD observed that he could not con-
sent to postpone the .bill. It had been for months
on the calendar, and could have been examined by
any Senator who ehosa to take the trouble He
would slate the object of the bill, which was most
simple in its character.
The suppression of lotteries had been one of the
improvements in this enlightened age It was well
known that they were seductions of tbt, most de-
moralizing kind The effect was fell most by
families least able to bear privations. Many of
those persons engaged at a small pittance of al-
ary in the service of the Government, instead of
devoting that pittance to the support of their farm
lies, were induced, by this seducive species of
gambling, to pledge their salaries in advance, for
the purpose of speculating m lottery tickets
He showed what had been the original intention
of lotteries, and bow mueh the practice had devi-
ated from that otject He aho showed the man
ner in which lotteries had become a source of muni-
cipal revenue. The bill would not interfere with
existing right . The proviso at the end of the sec-
ond section reserved the rights of the city of A'ex-
andna, under her charter. No other city was au
thonzed by charter to establish lotteries, but this
....................."" ...............................i "i"  *
bill will only restrain that authority for the future,
leavirg existing contracts undisturbed. The con-
tract of the corporatien of Alexandria with Gregory
and Co. is entirely conditional, and subject to the
action of legislation.
Mr MILLER was as much in favor of abolish-
ing lotteries as the Senator from Delaware; and if
the Senator could sat'sfy biT, that vested interests
would not be injuriously affected by this bill, he
would withdraw all opposition It was to exam-
ine into the matter, that he wished for a postpone-
ment.
Mr BAYARD *aid he had referred to the con-
tract betwfen the city of Alexandria and Gregory
& Co , to s"?ow that there was a saving clause in it
which empowered the corporation to abandon the
contract the moment legislauve action should re-
quire the abolition of lotteries in the District
After a few remarks from Messrs BENTON
and MILLER, (the latter having moved a postpone-
ment, which was negatived,) the amendment re-
ported by the Commiitee on the Distnet was adopted;
and the bill was reported to the St nal?, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading on Monday.
The Senate bill No 280, "to reorganize the
Navy Department of the United States," was taken
up as reported back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with an amenoment, and considered as
in committee of the whole.
The question was on agreeing to the amendment
recommended
Mr ARCHER explained that the object of the
bill was to abolish the Bonrd of Commissioners, and
establish in its- place a system of bureaus, analo-
gous to that of the War Department The whole
cost of the reorganization would be but $19,600.
The Secretary of the Navv estimates that the
saving will be from six to eight hundred thousand
dollars a year This, independent of the more ac-
curate arrangement and despatch ot business,
would be ar> inestimable advantage to the public.
Mr. CUTHBERT a<ked the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs if officers of the navy
wrre to be placed at the heads of the  bureaus?
Mr ARCHER was glad the question bad beea
askedjPs he m ght otherwise have inadvertently omit-
ted to mention &r other advantage. Officers of the
navy—experienced prac ical men—were to be
plated at the heads of the bureaus. Their salaries
would be in lieu of pay they now receive; and this
would, m itse f, be a considerable saving,
Mr. WILLIAMS remarked, that, out of the 68
catrtains in the navy, many were old men, and
probably not as well suned as o aers in the navy
to fill the different offices to be created by this bill.
The number of commanders wa*. 98, many of
whom were efficient offioers, and well adapted to
serve in the posts to becieated In order to give
the Secretary of the Navy a more extended range
of «election, he would nove to strike out "cap-
tain" as the lowest grade from which the Secre ary
should have power to select, and insert "com-
mander "
Mr ARCHER signified his approval of the ob-
ject of the proposed amendment.
The bill was then amended, by inserting after the
word "eap'ain," "or comnarder "
Mr WOODBURY inquired whether this bill
had the approbation of the department, or was
merely reported by the committee?
Mr ARCHER replied, fiat it came first from
the deoar'm^nt, was examined by the committee,
and again reviewed by toe department.
Tte amendment as amended was then adopted.
Tbe bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the amendment wa« concurred m.   It was then
rtad a ¡hud time aid passed
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION  BILL, AND
THE BILL TO REORGANIZE THE ARMY.
Mr   EVANS presented two  reports from the
Committee    of Conference—one in relation to the
disagreeing votes of bo'h Houses on the amend-
ments to the army appropriation bill, and the other
in relation to those on the bill for the re-organiza-
tion of the army.
Tiie Committees of Conference had agreed upon
recommending the report , by which it would be
seen, that everything is to be stricken out of the
appropriation bill touching re-orgamzaüon, striGts
