¡y confining it to appropriations for the service
Some alterations, however, were to be made—such
as changing the Senate amendment, to place
#60,000 of the appropriation for the armories at the
disposal of the Secretary of War, for the purchase of
arms not manufactured m the armories, to $10,000;
and adding to the #100,000 appropriated for im-
provements of navigation on the Western waters,
$30,000 for harbor improvements already com-
menced. There are other alterations of le«s impor-
tance.
Mr KING asked what was done about the
civil superintendents in the Ordrance department
Mr. EVANS replied that the subject was in the
bill for reorganizing the army—not in the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. YOUNG asked what changes were made
in relation to reductions in the army?
Mr. EVANS said, none in th<- appropriation
bill, from which everything but appropriations had
been excluded. The alterat.ons and reductions
in the army would be pointed out in the bill to re-
organize the army.
The report m relation to the bill for the reor-
ganization of the army was then read.
Mr. KING said be understood the civil super-
intendents in the Ordnance department were to be
restored.
Mr. EVANS said, no; the military superm'en-
dents were retained. He explained the modifica-
tions of amendments recommended by the Com-
mittee of Conference. These were numerous, but
the most important was that in reference to the
second regiment of dragoons, which is to be con-
tinued till the 4th of March next, and thtn con-
verted into a rifle corps, a. it was understood the
aspect of affairs on the Western frontier rendered
it prudent that the mounted regiment should be
kept up six or eight montos longer; aad it was
considered its conversion into a rifle corps would
be a great protection to the W. stern border
Another change world be, to reduce the number
of men m each company to forty As far as
expense was conc r,ied, large and important re
auctions will b" < ffected.
Mr. BATES took n for granted these amend
men's would be pun led. He did not know hjw
the superm'endenee of the armories was to be He
wished the amendments might be printed, that he
might understand the alterations. He suggested a
postponement, tnl time was given to examine the
matter.
Mr. EVANS thought it necessary that both
bills should be returned together to th« House. He
thought, ii the Senator from Massachu-etis would
turn bis attention to the amendment m relation to
the Springfield armory, he would understand it at
once.                             •
Mr. BENTON made a few remarks, not dis-
tinctly heard, in relation to military storekeepers
Mr. BATES said, it other Senators understood
the matter, he would ^ot insist on his motion to
postpone.
The reports of the Committees of Conference
were ihen concurred in.
The bill for icpaving and repairing a portion of
Pennsylvania averue was then taken up for con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BAYARD explained trie object of the bill
It appropriates §28,000 for repairs of portions of
Pennsylvania avenue. It was very well known
that this avenne was ihe g'eat thoroughfare of the
whole country, from ¡he National Cipitol to the
public offices of the Government. It was also
known that the surface was worn down almost to
the clay, and ihat repairs were indispensably ne-
cessary. A pUn had been in contemplation last
year, for paving the avenue with wood, but that
idea was abandoned, as it was considered '-uch a
plan would be too expensive. It is now propo ed
to gravel the centre, 40 feet in width, and rave a
slip at each side, of 30 feet. The paving to be
used being pebble-stones, not exceeding three inches
in diameter. There are to be two rows of trees
The length of the avenue, from the foot of Capitol
hill to the President's square, is 6,500 feet The
width of the avenue is 108 feet. Trie gravel! ng of
the centre would cost $2,800, and tbe paving of
the srie slips #24,500.   There would, besides, be
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
the expense of 354 trees; the total cost being
$28,000 for the mile and a quarter.
No amendment being offered, the bill was report-
ed back to the Senate, read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. WALKER offered the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request
ed, as far as deemed by him compatible with the public sei vice,
tocommumcateto the Senate the measure*taken to obtain the
performance of the stipulations contained in the convention
with Mejtico, in relat.on to the awards made by the commis
sionei and umpire under said convention
Mr. ARCHER remarked, that some weeks ago
he had asked the Seaa'e to make certain bills, íe-
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, the
special order for a given day, which was done, but,
in consequence of other business, other special or-
der  had overrun them. He would now ask the
special order to be renewed for Monday next,
which was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON observed that some ingenious
French philosopher had once discovered that man
was nothing but a piece of machinery wound up,
«et going, and let down, like other machines He
felt—and he was sure other Senators felt—rundown
by the last week's work, and that it was time to go
home, and get themselves wound up for the next
week's work. He would, therefore, move an ad-
journment.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped not yet, as there
was a little executive business to do It was not
much—mere references. He would, therefore,
move to go into executive session.
The Sena'e accordingly went into executive ses-
<iod, and shortly after
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 6, 1842.
Mr. BEED presented documents of CTMtna
Wattles, of Rome, Bradford county, Pennsylva-
i la, on which a peision is claimed by ber, as a
widow of a Revolutionary -sold er.
Mr YOUNG, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported adversely on the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Juan Belgar laid on
ihe table, and the report ordered to bs printed.
Mr. MOORE, from the Commit ee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills, without
amend men :
The bill to confirm titles to lands m the dis-
trict between the Rio Hondo and Sabine
The bill for the relief of J B Cameron
The bill to authorize the issue of patents to the
hens or representatives of G. Plaujac.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Therese Malette, widow of G. Phiole
Mr JAS. IRVIN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found to be correctly engrossed, the bill to provide
revenue from imports, and to modify and change
existing laws imposing duties on imports, and the
saine having been signed by the Speaker, was sent
to the Senate for the signature of their President
Mr. McKEON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted.
Resolved That the Secretary of War icport to this House
the number of public armones and arsenalb under the direction
of the Department oí Wai where the same are sitjated the
time when es ablished, the quantity of land occupied by each
and the cost of the same, the number and des<-ii, ti n of the
buildings, and the whole coat of the buildings at d improve
mei ts at etch ogethei with the value of tlic stole deposited
theieat, belonging to the United átates, de-ignatn g such as have
been abandoned, or are not now occupied as arsenals and de
pots
Mr. TILLINGHAST, from the Committee on
the Library, submitted the following joint resolu-
tion-
Resolved by the Senate and House qflUpieseviativti of
the United Slates of America m Congi ei  assembled That
liom the number of copies of I le catalogues of the hbraij of
Coneress published in 1840, and now remaining on hand the
t.biauan distribute one copy to each member of Gonsaess and
one to each delegate of a Territory in the present Congress
The above resolution was read twice, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading; and then,
by general cot sent, was lead the third time and
parsed
Mr. ROOSEVELT submitted the following re<-
olutton; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
furnish this House with copies of the quarter yearly accounts
US
of thecollector, naval officer, and surveyor of the port of New
York, required by the act of March 3d, 1841, of moneys rec«iv-
ed by them, respectively,   for   forfeitures, rents, compro-
mises, &c , and, also, to inform this House whethei all the
store houses hired by those officers for the s'orjge of goods at
that port hive been rented on public account, and whether any
inspector of the customs, or other officer is now or has beea
employed to superintend the reception or d< livery of goods in.
I    any store house not íented on account ol the United Sta es and,
'    also, a list of the store houses, with the amount of the rent of
each kind, by either of said officers  and the names of the par*
I   sons respectively from whom the same have been hired
Mr. HALSTED submitted the following resolu-
tion, svhich was considered and adopted.
Resolved, That the Register of the Tiea^ury repoit to this
House, as nearly as can be ascertained from he books of his
office, the amount for which the treasury was liable on the 4th
¡    of March, 1841,on account of appropriations of all kinds un
•-   drawn on that day, (designating the aimunt of specific appro-
priations undrawn, and add ng  he amou it o  itidefirlte appro-
pi íationsdrawn between the 4th of Miich and ihe 31st of De
cembei, 1841,) and of treasury notes t1- en outstanding after de-
dmting the balance of cash in the tietouiyon the said 4th of
Maich, exclusive of deposites with States, and the unavailable
funds due by defauHmg banks
I       IVtr HALSTED submitted the fo 'owing reso-
lution :
Resolved, That all debate on House bill f>o 210 [the bill to
regulate the taking testimony in contested eler inn c-ise ] shall
cease on Monday afternoon, at 1 o'clock   and that the commit
lee shall then proceed to vote on paid bill, and such amend
ments as may be offered thereto, and report the same to th©
!    House
|      Mr "WELLER moved to lay it on Ihe table: re-
jected.
Mr. W then called for the yeas and nays on tha
adoption of the  resolution, but tney were not or-
dered; and the question was taken and earned in
j   the affirmative
Mr. CUSHÍNG, from the Co-nnmee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill, requiring foreign reg-
ulations of cimmerce to be annnal'y laid before
Congress. R ad twice, and ordpred tobe er^iosoed;
and ihen, by general c nsen', tvad the thud time
and passed
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylv snia havirg called for
I   the orders of the day—
The House resumed the cons deration of the re-
port of the Comrai tee en Indian Affair , on th 
subject of the reply of the SecietPiy o' War to 'he
resolution of the Hou-e, declining to transmit to it
the evidence in the report ot C^l Hi chcoek, in re-
gard to certain alleged frauds in the Indian coun-
1   try.
Mr. ADAMS, who had the floor, addressed the
1   House at length in favor of the report.
Mr   PROFFIT followed  the gppUeman from.
1   Massashusetts, and spoke uaiil the elo«e of the
morning hour.
I       Mr HALSTED moved that tr° House resolves
i   itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
I   the Umoi; which was negatived.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then ob ained permission
to introduce a bill for the relief of Samuel N As-
bury; wh'ch was read tw ce, pnd comm'ted to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr COWENtbfn  moved that tn« House re-
solve itself into Committee of   he Whi.lt, for the
purpoieof proceeding with the puvate calendar.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Boabbmait
took the chair.
Mr A H. H. STUART said the-e was a bill
laid aside yesterlay, bicauMMtc ntaineJ a blank,
which required ñllmg up He had nee supplied
the figures «huh Wire requred from the proper
I deoaitment; and he now moved th.-t tne bill be
taken up, entitled A bill for the re'i f of the legal
representatives of Daniel Brent, dcce?sf d.
The bill having been made comp'e e, was laid
aside to be reported.
The bt 1 next in order was A bul loi ihe relief of
I   Michael Sullivan, which was par ía'iy debated on
a previous day.
I Mr. MEDILL was rmu'eJ to tt.e floor, and he
! resumed the speech upon which he hid entered,
when this bill was last under consideration, com-
i mencing with a lecapuulation it the statements
i made in his remarks on hat o.ca ion, of the cir-
cumstances attending the entry and possession of
'   the lands in question.
He could refer to a number cf cases, to show
what had hereiofoie been ihe et ¡irse of the House
with regard to such claims, ai d, in doing so, he
would cite, among others, a ca*e that had been,
acted on at this very session.   Mr. M. here rear}
