ás§
bat not for continuing the future action of an im-
provident act.
Mr. PHELPS was desirous of expressing his
views on this subject, but, with a view of accom-
modating the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, be would move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill now before the Senate, for
the purpose of proceeding to the special order of the
day.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postpone.
SUPPRESSING THE VENDING OF LOTTE-
RY TICKETS
The bill to suppress the vending of lottery tick-
ets in the District of Columbia, came up in order
on its third reading.
Mi YOUNG said he had received a note from
an agent in this city, informing him that he had
addressed a communication to the Senate on the
subject of thib bil1, and protesting again t n-, pas
sage, ac it would be a violation of h s conn act with
the city of Alexandria for disposing of lottery tick
ets, &c. He called for ihe reading of the commu-
mcauon
The CHAIR stated that it had been referred to
the Committee on Ihe District of Columbia
Mr BAYARD read toe letter referred to, signed
by J W Maury, ajent of Gregory & Co , in rela-
tion to ihe interference of Ihe bill with the ves ed
rights derived by them from the corporate authori-
ties of Alexandra, under the law of Congress
granting a charter to tnat city, and a lo lery to
raise funds to improve the streets and wharves of
that place. They had contracted with ibj  corpo-
rate authorities of Alexandria, under its charter, lo
dispose of the lottery ^coeme at the rate of $5,000
annually. That contract, fjrmed on ih faith of
the law oi Con ress, will not expue foi thi ee years
This bill goes to abolish the system after the 1st of
January, 1843 Mr B said the committee main-
tained that the power granted the city ol Alexan-
dria was a local one, and tint it rs not peí muted
by the Iw to exert íse the power, or to authoiize
it to be exercise 1, beyond its own limits
The agent ot Gregory & C)   contends that they
have the power ot vending lottery tickets anyuhere
in  the District, and tin  c mmittee coniend  that
ihey have not    He (Mr B ) lefuied to toe opin-
ion of the Supreme Court, .i deltvued by Chitf
Justice  Mar In I, < n this ipenfic pi ml     He says
that no words „ie to be found in the charter look-
ing beyond the limits of  the corpor ti n     Mr  B
read the opinion in full, to susum lus  a ¡ruuient
that there coull  be no veste I r ?ht lo irml these
tickets beyond ihe e ty of Alexandm     There was
bo violation of contract, inasmuch as the corpora-
tion had  no  si/h  power a    that claimed, and,
knowing they had not, they made a cmdi'im in
the contract wi h Gregory & Co , that if  their at
sumed right was interfered with by Congres-- they
should have  power   to   withdraw  the   contrict
But, by this bill, whatever  theie  was of vested
right under a legitímale comiatt, was fully pio
tected.   The act is prospective    'ihe yend ng is to
cease on the 1st of January
The bill was then read the third time and passed
At Mr TAPPAN'S request, a joint nsoluton
reported by the Commute;  on the L braiy, f< r dis
tnbuting to members ol Coigiess a copy each of
surplus copies t f the Catalogue ot Ihe Library i f
Congress, t s tak< n op and rtad Iwic .    Oa the
quest! in of us th id reading,
Mr. KING sa d he thought they ou<*ht to be re-
turned by in* membtis at the end U cich b" sion
They could be of no u'e to 'hrm <it home lie
preferred leaving them in the ib ary, lo bt called
for by member  of Congress, a h y were wanted
He was opnoscd to ihe rest luiion
Mr TAPPAN urthere painel thi j atttr
The qufst n vis ih'n t k n by eoun , and
13 yeis, and 12 nays only vctmp, (vh c i v as ro
quorum,) a fresh count \ as c lile I fi r, woe   22 fa-
ting in 'the ifirr1 a ive, ire re soli i n Tías ordered
to be read a third time
The bill from  the Houre, end led An act to re-
quire foreign  ¡e ubtons of oenmerce lote laid
annually before Congies', va5tak n up real tae
first and second toe, and
On motion of Mr, HUNTINGTON, wascoasiJ
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ered a« in committee of the whole, reported to the
Senate, and read the tbirtf time, and passed.
FURLOUGHS IN THE NAVY.
\Mr. ARCHER moved to take up the special
order of the day, which being agreed to,
The Senate ¿ill No 185, in relation to furloughs
in ttóJJnited States navy, was taken up as m com-
mittee 6¡f tbejwhole and some amendment'! recom-
mended )>y $ie Committee on Naval Affnrs were
read.      1  
Mr. BAY*ARD explained the first ame"dment.
As the law now stands, no officer can be put on
furlough without his consent No matter ho x in-
efficient any officer may be, the department could
not put him on furlough It is now propo ed to
authorize ihe Secretary of the Navy to put an offi-
cer on furlougb wi bout his consent, but not fir a
shorter period than ihr e yars, but, with his con-
sent, to any period If this limitation were not
made, tbe Secretary might pat an officer on fur-
lough, and keep hi'n in expectation of being cil'ed
out, though al a reduced ra'e of pay, but, by fixing
the pi-nod of furlough to three yeari, tbe officer
might have an opportunity of efeing out his pay, by
applym  himself to sometnmg el e
Mr CALHOUN observed that, if he understood
the matter, it was a resou to ihe half pay system
If ih-it was the object, he would rather see it openly
avowed, than attempted in this covert way. Would
it not be best to p stpone this bill?
Mr ARCHER said the obj ct was to resort to
the rulf p y system
Mr BAYARD exp ained 'hat there were G8
captains in the service, and suppose there were 5
if lhe~i superannuated or inrfficierit—is the S°ce-
t«.ry to kep them i ai rag ordc s at <Sl,900 a year,
or to put ibem on f irlnugh a' $800? That was
the whole q iesf oi It was a question of economy.
Mr ARCHER wissurethat, if the Senator from
Siuth Carolina would consider the m?tt-r fully, he
would se< thai bol i ihe in eres's of the service and
the treasury r'cmred tois atrai geminl He p-mted
( nt Ihe ir;o i niencp vhich the Qecrelary of the
Nav, sufferel, by hivn? no power to l?y aside
on furkugh or half pay lnefhuent or unfit persons
Mr CALHOUN rcm<uked that he con Uered
the question p> presented by the bill, an 1 the re-
in irks of the Seniior, as ore of money It wa  a
ninow mole of mcetin  a greit que on, and, in
hi", opinun, whl t this b 11 woi U remove one
t\il, it at the <nT>e time v uld incur a si' 1 greater
Moreover, the b 11 < ranted the Secre'arj veiy great
prweis—ihe po^er to pronounce upon th com-
p tency oi uc aire'ncv of cfliceft, and to give
them pay a^corc'ingly Hf ü ousht tins bill would
hid still further to lehx the system prevailing id
t íe navy, and i 'ce?s  the want of sinct ui cipl ru
Ot late, ihe court-mirtiaÍB weie too much m the
habit of acqutng m°n who ought lo be <Ji 
chirked
He felt ihe difficulty of rcting upon this question
Tim lo neihmg shou'd be dope in relation to men
ti nous rfheer , who n ay have grown mefficent, he
arimi ted, but hewasoppo el to attaining tueclject
m thi md reft mat tier H' did not think the
course mopised in this h il would be popu'ar in
the country Thou°h th s Has a great ques ion,
and not ligrwyto b  dec ded, he wa, induced to
pafer an honrrsb e disrharie, instead of th" pro-
posed mode in thi  bill Tais subject, which was
now pi rsend a as a question of money, was some
viars -go under consideration in this body He
piefrriel ihat it shou d be postponed until the
tie iL\t sesión, m-> -u"h ?s a few mcihs
wiuld ual eno malenal tlifle^cce m the ac ion of
Ci n,ie s
Mi B VYARD oV-rveil that he had mide a re
p<rt eailj in tne s ss r, ai' if the Senator ht>d
lo led mo t'a'lepu I, he we'd have found the
ma* er fa'ly adverted to As to i's bG ng n tremen-
do =i poi i, it is one c t«. 1 wi h ihe exisfenc  of
th  Government Tne discretioi if tV Secrttary
of the Navy ws no changed in kij re p-ct but n
relation to the tr«ie que Hon ol p y He cannot
b  compelled to employ the officer, therefore he ex-
ercises thp same eon 'ol over a m i ow, as far as
bus services go, as he would wrd*" this bill. He
contraste 1 tie tis>em of the Bn i h navrl service,
in «spec to officers on half-pay, with tne United
States system of keeping officers off duty awaiting
orders, with a view of showing the advantages of
the half pay system to the service, and to the treas.
sury, over the system ef waiting orders on full pay.
The bill was, in effect, confined to the mere ques-
tion of economy in pay.
Mr. CHOATE was of the opinion that the bill
did some good, saved some money, and did no
harm. S i far, therefore, he was m favor of it.
If the subject requires more mature consideration,
it can be done next session. What is now done,
will not prevent the action of Congress then. The
savirg will be $95 000 a jear, and that was no in-
considerable recomraendation at this time
Mr ARCHER said ihe benefit to be conferred
by this bill was not, as supposed by the Senator,
mconsiderab'e. If it be a real benefit to the United
States that incompetent and inefficient persons
ought not to receive as much compen ation as
active and tffi'-ient cfEcers, this bill wou'd effect
that object. There would be a great benefit by
having some mode of putting thee inefficient per-
sons on half pay. What other way ca'i the Sena-
tor from South Carolina point out, of setting rid of
inefficient or ímpropT persons in the United States
navy' There are many old officers who, knowing
their own inefficiency, do not wish to remain on
full pay awaiting orders,
Mr BAYARD held in his hand a memorial
signed by 40 or 50 officers of the navy, expressing
their hearty concurrence in the propriety of the
prmeip'e of the bill
Mr WOODBURY said he did not doubt but lhat
the cperation of this bill would be different from
thit supposed by some who had discassea it Per
haps we should pa s ir, or ?ome law on the sub-
ject He ih ught, however, that there were not
mare than six captains who should be put upon
furlough [Mr Archer "Fourteen "] As to
savi g $30 000 or $40,000 a year by it, he regarded
the idea as « he lly vis'onary The poo'-captams
yiou!d not WFb. to be put on ha'f pay, but regarded
it as a degradation Though old, mey were effi-
cient, and competent to ¡ erform the services- re-
qmrt-d of them There night be a few case , where
m°n hid si.fr. red by wounds, cr had become de-
ranged, and c"uld not be employed by the Secre-
tary In the lower granes, too, there might be en 
teiprising ard active men who would become tired
of remaining on shore, and would want a long fur-
loa h, to enaole them to go to the East Indies, or
elsen here In such cases, the bill might have a
beneficial opera ion.
Mr WILLIAMS pointed out some fpecificcases
of (ffieers ¡or many years having b<-en passed over,
and not cal ed into service, and whom it would be
impioper to call into service, yet they were receiv-
ing full pay. There was, in ins opinion, an abso-
lute necessity, in such cases, of restoring to the
Secretary oi ihe Navy the power of placing those
persons on half-pay
Mr. CALHOUN said h° had no doubt there were
cases in which this, bill would have a beneficial op-
eraron He was, however, opposed lo the extra-
oidmary po e to be given to the Secretary by this
oill He thought there *hould be positiye legisla-
tion, de.cibiig h< cpses in «hich the Secretary
should exercise the power granted to him True,
the Secre ary, in mo<t in tances, mijht, out of re-
gard to his own popUirity, not abuse h's power.
Yet the sys em would p'odLc relaxation in tbe dis-
cipline of th' r^avj, and, t n years hmce, large
numbers of officírs, m addition tr thi eatthepresent
time, wou'd be found qair'ered U"on the shore.
He profess d as strong a respect tor meritorious
officers, and ?s strong a dispos tion to provide for
the- ], as any one, but he could not consent to a
sysem,tn<> tendency of which be thought would
be to reiax oiac Dime, and p-ovide quarters on shore
for a number o> < ffieers, who would avail them-
seiye-. oi tne bul, and leave the service on half-
pay
The pmendmenM were then adopted
The bi 1 'vas then reported to the Senate, and,
the amendments being concurred m, it was order-
ed to be engrossed for a third reading
NAVAL SCHOOLS
Senate b.ll providing for the establishment of
schools of instruction in the naval service of the
