United States, was next taken up,.as in committee
of the whole, and read.
Mr. ARCHER moved to fill the first blank with
$800 per -annum for instructors in the modern lan-
guages, which was adopted.
Mr ARCHER moved to fill the next blank with
$5,000, which was also adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Seeate,
and the amendments concurred in
Mr. WILLIAMS was in favor of the system of
a school for the naval servics, but he was appre-
henoive that this attempt to establish five schools
would fail. When officers of the navy are ap-
pointed to those schoeh, they are taken from the
regular service, and a necessity is created for filling
their places The pay of officers for one school
would be $24,000, if three schools, are established,
the pay of officers will be $72,000 This would
be a considerable increase of expense. He appre-
hended, when the experiment was tried in five
schools there would be a failure. He thought one
school would be found mora succe«sml
Mr ARCHER said the subject had been under
consideration from the beginning of the session It
was notorious that it has been often matter of
surprise, that, while the United States had taken
such pains to benefit the service of the country by
a military academy, no exertion had been made to
establish a corresponding naval academy He
pointed out that, by the proposition of the bill,
there would be no additional expense but that of
$5,000 for furniture, and the pay of teachers, as
were would be no additional pay for officers, ra-
tions, or locations. He explained the reason for
selecting vacant forts for the location of these
schools. He could imagine no plan so free from
expense, or so accep'able to the country and the
Government
Mr BAYARD explained at some length the ben-
efits to be derived from such institutions
The bill was then read a ih'rd time, and, on the
question of its pas>s?ge—
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered
Mr CALHOUN made a few observatipns not
distinctly heard.
Mr. KING suggested the propriety, by general
consent, of altering the bill so as to auihonze an
experiment to be made on one school only
Mr ARCHER exphmed, that there would be
greater expense and danger of failing in attempt-
ing one school, than in trying the number proposed
by the bill
Mr ALLEN said he had no doubt but that na-
val schools might have benefits attending them, but
if now established, he feared they would, like West
Point, degenerate The We-,1 Pont academy had
become a nursery for wealthy youog men, who ob-
tained their education at the public expense, and
then entered on the practice oí law or the pursuit
of some other profession If these schools could
be confined to the sons of poor widows, or of offi-
cers who have fa lien m the service of their coun-
try, he might approve of them; but he feared they
would become mere places where pub'ic men
■would get their own relations and friends educated
at the public expense
He estimated that 3 out of 4 of trie young men
educated at West Point retired from that place to
practise law, or to enter some profession Ht re
garded service on board of a «hip as the best school
to which the joung men of the navy could go At
present, they entered at the age of 13 or 14, and
had every facility to acquire experience of all kinds
In their long life—travelling every quarter of the
globe__they were afforded opportunities to acquire
information upon all subjects. He aid not oppose
the bill before the Senate on account cf any op-
position to the navy or army service, but because
the institutions to hf created would degenerate, and
become, like West Point, a place of patronage,
where the sons of the rich, and tho«e able to edu-
cate them, would obtain commissions, instead of
those of humbler, but equally worthv parentage
He expressed it as his opinion that the academy at
West Point should be remodelled, if not entirely
dispensed with
Mr. CHOATE advocated the measure at some
length.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.,',.l„„,....... ,■„'.:■■',:____j._________     „#,                 ,......    .—---------------5
Mr. ARCHER observed that the objection of
the Senator from Ohio was to any scnool at all, as
well as to the five schools proposed. He was sure
the Senator from South Carolina could not be op-
posed to any naval school for this Government
At 14 years of age, a young man can go into the
navy as midshipman How far ea^ he be quali-
fied to make an able officer at that age? An effi-
cient naval officer should be well instructed in
many things, besides the mere work ng of a «hip.
Very often the highest questions of diplomacy are
necessarily referred to the officers of the navy He
had always thought it an opprobrium to this Gov-
ernment that it had gone to no expense, and had
made no adequate effort to provide efficient offi-
cers trained from their youth for the service All
who, with him,§attached importance to thp real
value of the naval service, would unite with him in
sustaining tins bill.
Mr ALLEN said the navy had been th° boast
of the country, and the wender of the world, with
out these land lubber schools He would ask
where did the men who achieved ttie glory of oí r
navy, during the last war, acquire their educa-
tion? He had been struck with the general in-
telligence of the ynung men in the navy It was
the result of an honorable ambition—not of the
discipline of land-lubber schools What! educate
a sailor in a cloister' Set a man down in the dark
retreat of a college cell, to learn how to manage a
ship in a storm' No, sir Send him to sea, and
there let him learn how to control the elements
It is because this has been the prac'iee, that the
young men in oar naval service are, t? ken as a
body, better educated than tbtse m the army
It is in consequence < f the stimulus to exertion
which they have by being placed in service at ai
early age I would place the navy upon a martial
prmcip e, and W ambition, and not the rod of the
schoolmsster, be the nduc n ent to exer ion and to
the imp overrent of yourg naval officers in intel-
ligence and in practical «eience at the same time
Sir, the ancients understood these th ngs Tl ev
did not perm¿t their youth lo be immured in tu«
closet, prosing over books They set t them to
the gvmnasium, and inured them to bodi y exnrc se
It is this commingl ng of science wi h study that
hrs made our }oung men in the navy wh<U they
are When it is made apparent that the navy of
the United States is inferior to that of Great Britain
or of Prance, or any other country in regaid to tue
efficiency and intelligence ot the officers, then it will
be lime enough to inquire into the causes of ihat in-
feriority, and to provide a remedy Bat while
on all hands it is pdmil'ed that our fias: has never
been tarnished or dishonored by the inefficiency of
our n?val officers, I cannot perceive the necessity
for an alteration in our system. It you create
these schools, instead ot yonng men going into the
navy with hign ambition to distinguish themselves
in the service of their country, they will content
themselves with the mean motive of receiving their
instruction at the expense of Government, and
hen re ire to the proitssions of law or physic, or
continue dependents uoon Government for «upp m
without exertion It ¡s t! e everlasting and m-
ta-iable nature of such th ngs to detenuiate, aid
no 1 gislat on «an pvoid it Suppose a Co"
sressi nal schoi 1 were established in Wa-.li r_ jn,
to educa e men in politics who won d be. tit
sucecs ful applicants for ndms-ioi' Tne sons cf
Senators, ot Presidents, ar d ot Vice Presidents The
gieat mas  ot the peop c wojld receive no benefit
whaievcr from such institutions Tne benefit
would be erjoyed by the vigi ant few How ra^
it beenatWes' Point? In  instituí on, a h le
time ago, was surcharge1, ard the diffica j \ as,
h->w to dimiMisn the number It héosme necess?rj
to get rid of ome A joun.  hoy < f my St ite, ua
was fortunate enough to get admi"ed was di m  s
ed,beeiuse, upor exan inition by a boa'd of phy i
cians, it mis <b md that he had a hoar ene •— n 
oc the finest and mot hearty boys I e/er vw
You should lot k well to the e tabli^hmer cf s Ln
institutions, wl o-.e tender cy is a> ways to deem
rate I believe that naval schools will do more
harm to the navy than any one act which Congress
could devise It would have the effect of lowering
the standard of ambition, creating a funa by which.
§59
........       ml           "Hi i minii .i.1niHlTfwn    ' IIIFI'""  '■' H*""' U1 '  '          ■         -i         i     i           —-m
youDg men will be educated, not for a naval life,
but a life of indolence, and establishing a scheme
of patronage, of which you may rest assured a fa-
vored few will reap the benefit
Mr KING had none of the fears entertained by
the Senator from Ohio He should prefer an ex-
penment of one school at first, but, if he could not
get the bill modified to that extent, he woul 1 vote
for the bill, even as it is There were professors
on board ship already lor the instruction of mid-
shipmen Would it not be of great importance
to midshipmen not on duly, to have these schools
to resort to, for comp etirg their educaaon'
Mr BAYARD suggested one thin?, which, bs
thojght, would remove all difficulty He had
looked into the bill, and found in it a provision that
the Secretary of the Navy should have the power
of sending sixteen pupiU to any onebchool. These,
really, were the only new pupds, for the midship-
men would make no difference, as iheir education
is already undertaken. He would propose to
strike out that provision, by unanimous consent.
Mr ARCHER acc p ed the proposition.
Mr BWARDsaid the matter rea.ly was this:
that the number of midshipmen row in the service
cannot be increased, as the law stands Every
midshipman is to be three years in the service be-
fore he can be examined for admission The dif-
ference would be, that these thiee years might be
devoted to their education on „hore, instead of at
sea
Mr SMITH of Connecticut objected to the
whole system of farming Government hot beds for
stimulating one class of individuals to rise at the
exnen^e cf the public, abote the natural talents,
entervi'is", an ' ability of other individuals It is
ra ing up a bar ler against the latter, and 'hutting
th m out fiom th  .ruits of htnorable ambition,
which oujilu to be left open to the sons of every
citizen, ar d not confined to a favored few.
Mi. ALLEN considered the whole system of
military and naval schools a system of political
pationage
Mr SEVIER understood the object of this bill
to be to change the p'an cf schooling midshipmen,
from on board ship, to the e forts.
Mr ARCHER said there was no naval school
at all at present The object of the bill was to pro-
vide five schools
Mr SEVÍER did not then =ee any objection to
the bill The Secretary of the Navy says that
there are 100 suc-ernumerary midshipmen now m
tne service, who have 'o rV or resten, before any
new arpomtments can be made He bad told him,
(Mr S) that if the law as it now exitts should
become permanent, it wou'd be 20 or 35 years
before he ecu d have a chance of making a new
appo ntment He iho  ht ihe law must be either
crn;;fd, or the lads of Í6 jear= cf agp now, would
have to be kent at school till hey are old men be-
fore the/ will he r°qui cdin ac ual service
Mr BUCHANAN rernaiked thai he should not
have «aid p wo d upon ihi" bill but for the fact
that the )eas -rd na>* 1 ad been called Irasmuch,
t-owCiei ao he nad ¿e "itnmed to vtte sgpinst it,
an! did not w i to be c "-siVrel ros lie to the
n?v},or to eu \canon, he woi'd s?^ a few wort's
n exp «na ion cf his vote He thorght that we
were a nation of magnificent idea , but, unfortu-
ra'sly, we had not the money to carry them out.
This bill con amed about ao splendid a scheme as
w?s eVo^ v, fore Covs ess If it wa  confined to
the «stabiishment if otie school cnlj, he would not
oppose it Bat what did it p'epos^ lo trans-
f r five cf o r f0 tifi \ ions fren the superinten-
dence of the War Derartmertt to tbat of the Navy
Derpi- rneiit, \ ii c1 h°i atier vas to have exclu-
sive c n rol over then Tht s five of our military
io tificati r , eirc ed at g.cat expense, for the pro-
tec i nofcar) cop e, were tobe p H i"i tne possession
o he Navy Dep-rtment. And whj? Five schools
w re o be es ablishe ' to teach when? At present
th re v. i e 490 mmsh p r en, each oi whom was re-
quired to serve three years on srun before he could
be examined Therefore, the number who could
be in these schools at once amounted lo 108 At
this time of the day, when we were reducing all our
expenditures, and it bad been determined that no
