860
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSÉ.
more midshipmen should be appointed, he could
not vote for such a measure as this.
But it had been said that this measure would
cost but little. [Mr. Archer 1 said it would be
a saving.] Yes, that would save money to the
Government! This was the way in which all
these schemes were insinuated into favor. Let us
see what it will cost. The Secretary of the Navy
is to have an appropriation of $2,000, to fit out the
five fortifications for the purposes of naval schools.
Now, does any one suppose that $400 each would
be sufficieot to place these fortifications m a proper
condition for schools'! Four handled dollars to
convert into schools fortifications erected at the ex-
pense of millions'
But the Secretary is also authorized to appoint as
many teachers of foreign languages as he may
think fit, at $800 per annum, and two rations ppr
day. How many officers ?re you creating by this
authority? You know not There is no limit put
upon the Secretary. His power is unl raited, and
languase is general Again: §1,000is to be appro-
priated to the purchase of a model sipam-engine for
each of the five schools Here i<¡ $5 000 for the
use of model engine¿—to teaeh what? To teach the
boys,who should knowtheiruseandappltcatiin. To
be used where? At the fortifications, antead of on
the ships where they are applied, and their power
brought into play. In addition to t!iece items, the
bill proposes to appropriate §5,000 for the purchase
of necessary furniture and for contingent expenses
He admitted that th« navy had covered itself
•with, glory, and that its officers were intelligent
men. He was willing to give them proper instruc-
tion; and had the Secretary proposed to estab! sh
one, instead of five schools, he would not have
determined to vo e against the bill. At pres-
ent, however, when Congress was reducing
all the expenses of the Government, and when
the midshipmen would be redr-ced, he could
not consent to any sucli pioposition as the one
before the Senate. Thi>> icieme was but thp
foundation for a larger esubh hment Wtst
Point Academ/ wat, starttd upon a much less an
propriation. Get these fortifications into the power
of the Secretary of the Navy, and, eie long, th re
will be a magtulieent establishment, and the Secre-
tary soon clothed with the power to s,end wh >m he
pleases to (he-e school, to be educated by the
Government
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Auln] had related
an anecdote ab ut his bo) at West Point. He
(Mr. B ) could albo tell one of as fine a looking
fellow as tie ever aw, who camp to hi-, roo n a few
days since, and made complaint ilut he h d be^n
turned away from West Point The young man
had pa sel his ciaminatnm, but he stujeon pro
nounced him nsar-ugh ed The joung ¡ran de-
clared that he could ^ee as good as any one, and
could at any time kill a quirrcl on a trre at «ixiy
yards He (Mr B ) sent mm to th- R-o'e^enta-
Uve of his disiuct to act upon the ci<e. This n as
not the first case of the kind which. h.ul occurred.
He himself knew six or seven who h^d been turn-
ed away from West Point for defects m iheir con-
stitution, who protested they had never been sick
in their lives.   [Laughter.]
Heconcluled by repi aimg his decliraiion that
he could not vote lor tin bill  n its present lorm
Mr. SIMMONS <=u,?g°sted that, as there was
some objection to th number of °< hooN, two
might be stricken out—'eaving hree to be tried for
experiment
Mr. ARCHER acc-pied the propositi.
The CHAIR asked th  Senator iroia Connecti-
cut if he withdrew his objec or?
Mr. SMIiH consented O suspend hi  objection,
for the purpose «fadmidn; the amei'ments
Mr. CALHOUN thought if cne cmtnl «chool
was established, in which Pil ihe tjice- intended to
be scattered on sevr il in timtitns w">e mnccn'ra-
ted, it would be vas'ly be tei than m^kirg this
scheme of several <-ehno'<-
Mr. ARCHER moved a reconsideration of the
vote ordering the bill to bp engrossed tor a third
reading.
The motion was agreed (o, andlh* rte w"¡
reconsidered.
Mr. KING suggested the propriety of postponing
the bill till to-morrow, for the purpose of having
the amendments adjusted.
Mr ARCHER moved an adjournment, m com-
pliance with the suggestion; and,
Several engrossed bills from the House being
first signed by the Chair,
The Sena e sdjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 8, 1842.
Mr S. MASON inquired whether this was not
resolution day.
The SPEAKER replied in h3 affirmative.
Mr S. MASON said the S'ate of Ohio was ihe
first m order, then; and he oubmitted the following
resolution, on which he moved the previous ques-
tion.
Resolved by ihe House of Representatives (the Senate
concumng,) that the President of the derate and the Speaker
of the Hojse of Representatives be directed to close the pres
ent session of Congress by an adjotirnmentof then respective
Houses on Monday, the ^2dday of August instant, at 2 o'clock,
p m of that day
The previous question wit? sustained, and the
resolution was adopted without a division.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS offered the following
resolution, on which he moved the previous qaes-
tun:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to fur
msh to such members of the present House of Representatives
as tidve uotalnady leceived them, such books as were fui
nlshtd to the membeis of the last Hou=>e Protided, That this
resolution shall not be consulted to authonze the reprinting
01 any oí said books
The pievious question was sustained by the
House.
Mr SMITH of Virgm a called for the yeas and
na>s on the adoption of the r< solution; and after
much confusion, a^d some irresuhr conveisation,
they weie ordered, ard r< suited as follows yeas 90,
nay* 71
Mr. BlRDSEYEoffeied the following reso'u-
tion, and it ws1, agreed to:
Re lived, Tliuthe Committee on ttie Pi=' Ofiire and P >st
Itoddsbeducr c 1 to inquite into (be txptdlency ol establish
ins; a postrmte hum Muihus Dtpot on the tow icu-e and
í tica tai It odd, t> the viü te;e of M uhewa s Mdls, m the county
of Onond ura, an! ¡State of New \ nk
CONTESTED ELECTION BILL.
On t 'e roo.ion of Mr IIALSTED, the Hou^e
resolved itself in o Conrnrtee or the Whole on ti e
siate of the Union, (Mr Fe^sfndin in the chair,)
*and proceeded with the con^K'eralion of ihe "bill
regulating ihe taking of testimony in cases of con-
tested tlec ion5-, and for o'her purposes."
A motion which was pending when tl is bill was
last in committee, to stake out the fiist section,
Was now pat, and nega'ive 1
i*Ii HOUSTON rroved to strike out the second
s"ction, an ! mveit the following; which was agreed
lO"
Ind b< it pnthn entcted, Thai il such officer or hoard
shall ne-ricct to ppi lorm llic duty lequired of thei i by t! e ¡ire
cedlnrr section, it shall be tbe duty of sin b C eik to receive m
ileu heteof, such determination commission, or prorla i ation,
oraduly iiitlieuticaied copy of tbe same fiom tbe memrjci
cltit, to piepare Ins nit aocmdingiv Hut no otbei evi
denco of a leturn shall be lcceived by said Cleik oi authori"3
a membeL to take pait m the oigamzdtlon of the House
Th" sections iroin ihe 31 to he 12 h, both inclu-
sive, were pa sed without obseivation.
Mr. HABERSHAM moved to aiiend the 13ih
section, which give powers to the judges and ¡us-
t ees t f conns of record, who a e author z-d to
uk- afudfnits in eiec'ion ca^es, in the fohowng
wi rd •
^fc H vi? I be it ft llirt enae'ed, Tnaf wh^n any such
offi et bliillbc ippned n I y tnbii party to Ic contest it
sli ill bp his buy r > ippoirt in wnunt* a time m I place for
akin-t s n h dtq o-au< n in I he is licit iv anthon^ed an I te
qnii d at t te i quest ol el lun paity to l " i «ul[ tenas unlet
lin ban I, to c in i ! th at uidincc of wi ne^se befóte bun
and, in cast, ot i wilful i fus i! of any wit ess duly si ipenaed
whose fees h tvt- t ten pa ¡ u ten 'eied to ittend as rcqullt i hy
su It Mtbl re -i, or t bt. qiilif 1 in lot stily, [he is tulttet
atihim / 1 f > i t p >si> such fine an 5 mil c! such penalty oi such
\vitntQ fir h s di i hei ieice, "^ sin t ofticcr m<iy deem light
Pro ic1 d, 1 ¡in such fi ic h ill not exiee t o te hutH e I d ill u
an I su li peni ly °i^ m nthsJ nn¡ n«nnmenl Ind proud?i,
also I hat no v\ itne«s shall be compelled to attend out ol the
county wheit he miy lesiile or besencd wi h the subpesna ' ]
He proptsed io "-trike out the wort's after the
wora "test'fy," (wh eh we have placed withm
biackets,) and m«ert the following-
Such refit at to qualify or to testify shall be taken and deemed
to he prima facie evidence of the fiefs to prove which he was
sübpce íaed to testify to   Provided, That the paity in whose
behalf he was subpoenaed to testify shall, previously to the
issuing of such subpeena, make and file with the magistrate is-
suing such subpoena, a statement, under oath, of the lacts which
he expects to prove by thesaid witness
Mr HALSTED opposed th.e amendment, be-
lieving that it would not be productive of any good.
The gentleman from Georgia was mistaken, he ap-
prehended, as to the power committed to justices of
'he peace In every State of the Union, justices
of the peace who had the power to try civil cases,
(and he believed they possessed that right in most
of the States,) had, in connexion with it, the power
to issue subpoenas for witnesses, to commit them
for disobedience of that process, and for contempts,
and to fine ihtm for refusing to testify. The only
question was, as to what extent the power to en-
force testimony should be given to justices of the
peace, or other officers. Gentlemen differed as to
the extent to which this power «hould be granted;
some believing that a fine of $50, and imprison-
ment for SO days, was not going too far; while
others thought that $20 fine, and 10 days' imprison-
ment, would be sufficient. The object wss to com-
pel thp attendance of witnessc, and provit'ed this
could be done, he had no preference for a high
penalty over a moderate one. On this subject gen-
tlemen could judge for themselves. Some thought
that the powergivemn this section m'ght be abused;
but he had no apprehensions on this score. The
very fact that, in times of great political excite-
ment, paity feeling would induce witnesses to ab-
sent themselves, to withhold their testimony, and
even to refuse to testify altogether, was a powerful
reason why sufficient coercive authcri y should be
given to the magistrates.
Mr. BOTTS new offered to amend that part of
the bill prop sed to be stneken out, by striking out
the thirty days' impn onment.
P/r. FILLMORE observed that he «hould regret
very much the passing oí a bill cf this importance,
which would be entirely nagaiory in one of us most
essential provisions. It must be recollec'ed that,
in times of strong political excitement, great in-
due meats won tl be 1 eld out  o witnesses to with-
hold their tea piony, and, with< at "■ufiicient means
to compel the r testimonj,tbe bill would be entirely
nugatory, and they would have no means of judg-
ing in cases of contested clec'tons. No fine would
be imposed, unless there was a refusal to testify.
For his part, he feared that the pena'ty would be
too 'ight, and he ventured to assert that there would
be cases of contested elec'ions- where a £ne of $50
would be no object with the recusant witnesses. It
was id'p to talk about taking tes'imony, unless suf-
ficient power was given to ihe tfBcers to compel
the attendance of witnesses. In the cases which
this seciionnas intended to provide for, ihe wit-
nesses would be the very persons who would give
the fraudulent votes, and who would have power-
ful personal as well as political motives for refasmg
to tesiify Without retaining this section, he
thought they had better abandon fhs bill alto-
gether
Mr HABERSHAM here modified his amend-
mem, ma, at 'he sutgestion of Mr. bOTTS,agreed
to lay it asi^e for the present, wuh the view of
drawing op another, that would be more acceptab.e
to all parties
Mr GWIN moved the following, as aa additional
seci'on to tbe bill:
Be it firther enacted That tbe election of Representatives
ti sen e m the 2S li C lugres of the United States may be by
district  oi b/ g -iiral ticket, as heiaofoie piactlsed in the
s ve al b ates respectively, a vthn sr in thi act, or in the act
entitle! 'An act for the appoitionment of Repie eltatives
™M S 'he siveial S at" dcroidnig to the sixth census,"
pa sed atthe piescrt sesslonof Congress, to toe contrary not
withs aniline
T^e OH4.R decided it was not in order.
IVr. FILLMORE   moved to strilie out  the fol-
lowing wop-K i-i the 20 h section-
"When an election k by a gen ial uck t in any State, the
w role *t"te«hall be deemed a congressional district, within the
meatnns of this dct and "
Mr F, ob-erved that this was necessary to make
the bill conform to the apportionment bill, as it
passed this House.
Mr. GrVYIN was opposed to stnkmp out the
words indicated by ihe gentleman from New York.
He said he was induced to propose this additional
section to the bill, which had just been declared,
