862                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that, if Congress bad this power, it should be exer-
cised so as to remedy the evil, provided it could be
done without incurring a greater After consider-
able reflection, he had come to the conclusion that
Congress bad the power to prescribe rules for the
orgamzatian of the House, as, well as for taking
testimony. It was true that the election returns
would be decided by the testimony taken, but the
prescribing rules for taking the testimony would
not interfere with the independence of the House.
He would, in conclusion, make one remark or two
in relatten to the mstruciions he proposed. F rst,
in relation to the second section. It was very true,
as a general rule, that the C'erk of the House was
a less responsible person than was desirable for
making out the roll. The second section provided
that, in case be (the Clerk) should not be able to
obtain authentic evidence of the elections, so as to
Matee out a perfect list, he should make it out as
perfectly as pcssible from the best information he
could obtain. But it must be observed that the list
would not be conclusive en the House, any more
than Would the certificate of election, whether giv-
en by a Governor of a State or by a sheufT. The
certificate might be a forgery, or might be procured
by fraud. la all such cases, tha Hou-e would
judge, under its constitutional powers. Therefore,
there would be no danger in allowing the Clerk to
jnake out the list from such testimony as he might
be able to procure. The list, if not controverted,
would afford prima facie evidence on which the
House could be organized; but, if not authentic, it
would be passed over.
Mr. HÁLSTED here moved the previous ques-
tion—the effert of which motion, if successful, was
to bring the House to a direct vote on concurring
in the amendment made in Committee of the
"Whole.
Mr. ATHERTON appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question, ob-
serving that the most important amendments had
been offered and adopted aftei the time limited for
discussion had expired in committee. He hoped,
that now the bill was in the House, the gentleman
would not cut off all debate on these important
amendments, about which not a word of explana-
tion was allowed lo be given.
Mr. HALSTED declining to withdraw the call
for the previous question, n was seconded by the
House, and the mam question ordered. After
which,
The main question was first taken on concur
ring in the first amendment, and earned—yeas 99,
nays 79.
The question being taken on the amendment
providing that the Cleik shall place on his list ihe
name of nj person unless elected from a '.ingle dis-
trict, in pursuance of the provisions of the appor-
tionment bill, was taken, and concurred in—yeas
99 nays 79
The remaining amendments were concurred in,
without a division; and
The bill was tben ordered to be engrossed, with-
out a division
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky, having moved
the previous question on the parage oí  the bill,
there was a second; and the main question was or-
dered, and taken, resulting in—yeas 99, nays 82.
So the bill wa> passed.
REORGANIZATION OP THE ARMY.
Mr. STANLY, from the Committee of Confer-
ence appointed to meet a committee appon ted on
the part of the Senate, on the matters m difference
respecting the bill lor the organ zation of the army,
reported the terms oí agreement; wheh have al-
ready appeared in the Senate report of this
journal.
The Clerk having read the report-
Mr STANLY made a bn<>f expiar ation of the
agreement of ih° committeis.
After a conversaron, in which Messrs. R. W.
THOMPSON, CALHOUN, BARTON, J. CAMP-
BELL, and othirs took part—
Mr CALHOUN moved that the report be print-
ed, and laid on the tab'e, which was agreed to, and
the whole subjc t went over until to-morrow.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the bill making appropriations for the
army, also made a report, which was ordered to be |
printed; and it went over, to be taken up with the
report on the bill for the organization of ihe army.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. POPE moved that the Heuse take up and
depose of some Territorial bills which were on the
table, which was agreed to.
The following bill was ordered to be engrossed,
and it was read a third time and passed:
A bill to establish an additional land office in
Florida.
A bill providing for the payment of the Iowa
militia called into service in 1839, was next taken
up, and was briefly debated by Mr. CAVE JOHN-
SON, Mr POPE, and others; and on the question
being taken on us passage, (the previous queetion
having been moved by Mr. J. C. Clabk, and sus-
tained by the House,) it was discovered that there
was no quorum present.
A call of the House was moved, and tfee Clerk
began to call the roll, and when he had called sev-
eral names,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON rose and said if it was
the wish of tbe House to pass this bill, he wou'd
withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman might do
so, and the call might be upended with the con-
sent of the House. The question was again taken
on the passage of the bill, and 50 voted m the
affirmative, and 45 in the negative; being less than
a quorum.
Mr. BOWNE moved that the call of the House
be proceeded with; and the Clerk called the roll,
and 124 were found to be present.
All further proceedings, under the call, were
then suspended.
Mr UNDERWOOD called for tbe yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, that it might be
•cen who was in favor of paying the Territories for
fighting each other. The yeas and nays were or-
deied, ard resulted as follows—yeas 51, nays 83.
Mr R0O3EVELTmoved to reconsider the vote
on the passage of tbe resolution fixing the 22J as
the d,ty of the adjournment; and said he wished the
motion to be entered.
Mr. STANLY called for the question, to be
taken immediately; when
Mr. ROOSEVELT withdrew his motion; ob-
serving that he would renew it to-morrow.
The bill providing payment for the Florida
miliiia citlltd into service in 1839 and 1840, was
taken up, and, after some remarks from Messrs.
LEVY, CAVE JOHNSON, POPE, and McKAY,
\va ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and then read Ihe third time, and passed.
Mr. A C. DODGE called up ihe bill to estab-
lish the boundary Lne beiween the State of Mis-
souri and the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. J C. Ü.DWARDS objee'ed to taking up the
bill at this time, and made some remarks that were
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr A C DODGE protested against any longer
postponement of the measure, after the length of
time it had been before the House, and ¡he full
discussion it bad undergone. In conclusion, Mr.
D moved to suspend the rule=, for ihe purpose of
considering ihe bill, which motion was carried.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky called for the
previous question on the engrossment of the bill,
and, there being a second, tbe mam question was
ordered and taken, and carried in the affirma'ive.
The question then being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. J C EDWARDS moved to refer it to a
'elect committee, and, after some remarks from
Messrs   EDWARDS, DODGE, and G  DAVIS,
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the pre-
vious question, but, at the request of Mr. Edwards,
withdrew it
The question then recuired on tne passage of the
bill
Mr. SPRIGG moved an adjournment; which
was neea'ived—tbe vote being 43 in the aifirma'
uve, and 71 in the negative.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. EDWARDS gave nonce of a motion for
the reconsideiation of the vote by which the bill
was pas ed.
Mr. S. J. ANDREWS, directed by a convention
of his constituents, mtroduced a resolution to re-
scind the resolution of censure, some time since
passed upon his colleague, Mr. Giddinss, by this
House.
Mr. L. W ANDREWS objected to the reception
of the resolution
The SPEAKER said it was resolution day, and,
therefore, it was in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table,
Mr. GWIN moved an adjournment; which was
carried—ayes 64, noes 56.
The House adjourned at 10 minutes past 4
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 9, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the  President of the
United State*; which was read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
In the communication to the Senate on the 13th;
June, in answer to its resolution of the 2d of March
last, there appear to have been, among other pa-
per , sundry letters addressed to the Department of
State, by certain claimants, or their agents, con-
taining reflections upon the character of the umpire
appointed by his Prussian Majesty, pursuant to the
convention between the United Slates and the
Mexican Republic of me 11th of April, 1839. As
the call was for all communications which had
been addressed to the Department of Stale by any
of the claimants under that convention, relative to
the proceedings and progress of the mixed commis-
sion, the copies were prepared and submitted, with-
out attracting the attention either of the head of the
department or myself. If those letters had been
noticed, their transmission to the Senate (if trans-
mitted at all) would have been accompanied by a
disclaimer, on the part of the Executive, of any in-
tention to approve such charges. The Executive
has no complaint to make against the conduct or
decision of tbe highly respectable person appoint-
ed by his sovereign umpire between the American
and Mexican commission.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, August 8, 1842.
Oa motion of Mr. RIVES, ordered to lie on tbe
table, and be primed.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Postmaster General?
covering a report from the Auditor rf the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, made in com-
pliance with ihe 22 1 srctioa of ihe act of Congress
ofjjly 2, 1836, showmg the amount of each Uem
of expenditure for twine, locks, and other items,
constituting the contingent expenses of that depart-
ment,  and to  wiom paid.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had been referred House bill
entitled An act to change the name of a port of en-
try on Lake Erie, known by the name of Portland,
to Sandusky, and to define the western boundary
of the Sandusky district, reported the same back
with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the bill was
taken up as m committee of the whole; Mr.
Huntington explained that the amendment of the
committee proposed to leave the western bound-
ary undefined.
The amendment was adopted. The bill was
then reported to the Senate; and the amendment of
the committee being concurred in, the bill was
read the third time and passed.
Mr MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, meved that that com-
mittee be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Daniel Murray, surviving part-
ner of Murray and Spencer, praying extra compen-
sation for cauying the mail. The motion was
agreed to
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports on the House mi's for the
relief of Phillis Tattort, and for the relief of the
heirs and legal representauves of Josias Thomp-
son; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr PHELPS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back to the Senate, with an amendment,
