CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION,
Sr-TH Cong.........2d Sess.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1842.
Volume M-«-No. 55.
Continued from JVo. 54.
Mr. ARCHER proposed a verbal correction
which was concurred in, and the amendment was
adapted.
Another verbal amendment was also adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate, and
the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, as amend-
ed, for a third reading.
NAVY RATIONS.
The bill to establish and regulate navy rations
■was then taken up, as in committee of the whole,
and read.
Mr. BAYARD moved some verbal amend-
ments, which were adopted. He also moved to in-
sert "saurkraut," after ''vegetables;" whicb, too,
was adopted.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, And
the amendments were concurred in.    It wis Jhen
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 'J
PURSERS IN THE NAVY.      |
The bill ¡o regulate the pay and emoluments of
pursers in the navy was then taken up, as in com-
mittee of the whole, and read.
Sundry amendments, proposed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, were aU>o read.
Mr. WOODBURY called for some explanation.
Mr. ARCHER explained that the object of the
Committee on Naval Affairs was to reduce the pro-
posed salaries of pursers named in the bill.
The CHAIR read the proposed salaries of the
original bill, and the amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS explained the principles on
■which the bill was founded. All the pay received
by pursers from the treasury was now about $600;
their principal compensation was derived from the
sailors. The emoluments of a purser in a ship of the
line varied from nine to ten thousand dollars; and
in the smallest vessels, from two to three thousand
dollars. It was a tax on the sailors of abeeit $10
each. It makes the purser obnoxious to complaints
made by the men against him, and places him at
the mercy of the commacder. No purser is per-
mitted to furnish the sailors with articles, without
the authority of the commanding officer. To get •
his good will, the purser is often induced
to do things not justifiable in the service. Some-
times the commander has required loans, of
as much as $5,000 at a time, from the purser.
If such a request is denied, he is subject to petty
tyranny during the voyage. There are other
anomalies, which it is the object of the bill to cor-
rect. We now pay to 64 purser? some $30,000;
and, by this bill, we snail pay them about $130,000.
We have in the navy from nine to ten thousand
sailors: each now pays $10 :'S a tax to ihe purser—
amounting, in the whole service, to $100,000, a.id
making the difference proposed to be paid by the
Government. The question is, whether the sailors
or the Government shall pay the pursers. By the
law just about to be passed, the purser's profit will
be cut off from articles of necessity—such as tea,
coffee, and sugar—which are to be supplied by the
Government. The difference is made up by with-
holding some of the spirit rations. We must pay
the purser some compensation. There are other
items to be furnished by the Government. The ef-
fect will b; to relieve the sailor, and put the pur-
ser's compensation on th« treasury. It is stated
that, unless we improve the condition of the sailor,
we cannot man our fleets. The first step is to in-
crease his comforts.
He believed ours was the only service in which
the compensation of the purser was made a tax on
the sailor. The per centage received by the purser
is an inducement to Mm to pay the highest pnce for
the articles he is to supply. It is a subject of com-
plaint among seamen that they are compelled to
pay the highest price for everything they consume.
• It was objected that the bill makes the Govern-
ment purchase all necessaries, and places them at
the control of the purser for distribution. He read
a list pi the things supplied by pursers, at present.
on their own account. If this bill becomes a law,
these articles ate to be purchased by the United
States, and delivered to the purser for distribution.
He understood the practice to be, if a ship is
ready to go to sea, the purser has to furnish a list
of the articles required; and, on his requisition,
money is given him to procure them; and
when he returns, he accounts for the money.
By this bill, a different arrangement is proposed;
but there will be no more danger of the Govern-
ment sufivring, than there is now. «It is the opinion
of the department and of the committee that this
arrangement will be a great improvement.
As to the question of the propriety of the sums
fixed upon by the committee fqr the compensation
of pursers, it would be for the Senate to decide.
This has been the subject of consideration since
1835. In 1838 a bill was reported by the Sena-
tor from Virginia, proposing a rate of compensa-
tion much higher than that now recommended.
A portion was to be in salary, and another in
commission on the articles of consumption.
Trie committee think the plan they recommend
more consonant with our systsm of government.
He contrasted the rates of remuneration proposed
by the bill of 1838 with those of. the present bill,
with a view of showing that the present proposi-
tion was much more economical. A ship ot the
line, with one thousand men, would yield the
purser $10,000, under the bill of 1838; but, under
this bill, he would get only $3,500. There would
be a loss, in a long vo\n?e, o the pusser, who, in
a ship oí ¡he line, has charge ot the disbursement
of (Voir, hiiv to ene iwuuied thousand dollars a
year. It «as hardly possible 'to expect that the
purser could manage so much property without
loss. The committee think he ought to have some
compensation. The commaader rets $4,000. The
pu.*"r of bach a chip must bs a mtn of superior
qualities. Tiie committee have tho 'ght it just sad
necessary to put his pay a little below that of the
commander, which accounts for the proposition of
$3,500 í¿r his re.sunereii^n. They had, a'so, al-
lowed him a clerk, as ir- i> pensable. Mr. Vf. ex-
plained, in tl.3 same Wd-y, the poposiUuns of the
committee in relation iu ¡he pursers for smaller
vessel*; aad also in relation to those to be resident
at the naval stations 5nd receiving vessels, and on
steamships.
He though' the pursers woald not be paid be-
yond their se eñees and responsibilities. It would
be a great relief to searoe'i ie be exempted from
the tax to pursers. It was with great difficu'ty that
sailors could be obtained for our navy. A great
portion ot them at present was made up of foreign-
er__a system he would be glad to see corrected.
Mr. WOOD3URY observed both of the objects
in this bill were, in his view, commendable. The
first one, which contemplated tiie improvement of
the naval ration, and, in that way, the increase of
the sailor's comforts, had his unqualified approval.
His only regret was, that it had not gone further,
and abolished entirely the spirit part of the ration,
instead of merely lessening it; and substituting in
part only, raiher than in full, what was more
healthy and moral in its tendency.
In respect to the other portion of the bill—the
pay of pursers—more difficulty existed; but still
bis inclination was to make a change similar to
that proposed in the bill.
Two grave questions, however, arose in the con-
sideration of the matter. One was, the proper
scale and amount of salary; and the other, by
what mode, if any, the Government was to be in-
demnified for paying the purser more, and taking
on itself the responsibilities and risk as to several
articles, heretofore assumed by him. The latter
had heretofore been paymaster for the Govern-
ment, and a sort of commissariat, as well as a mer-
chant on his own account—dealing with the sail-
ors for private gain. Now, his duties were in-
tendsd to be entirely public. The Government
was to become the merchant.   In such case, it was
certainly proper, and a chief object in the change,
to relieve the seaman from the 20 to 50 per cent,
on the cost of the articles, which, it had been sta-
ted in the debate, had often heretofore been col-
lected from him by the purser. Mr. W. thought if
any per cent, was to be charged on the goods, as
the bill contemplated, for wastage, &c, it should
not be over ten or fifteen per cent., instead of the
former large amount;—certainly not over enough
to cover actual loss, and some of the additional pay
to the purser, instead of his old profits. Perhaps
enough, or nearly enough, might thus be obtained
to remunerate the Government for its new duties
and risk, as well as payments; and, at thesame time,
to relieve the sailor from a large part of the high
charges to which he has heretofore been exposed.
The object will be not to impose any more addi-
tional burden on the treasury than can be avoided, .
and to impose no new one whatever on the sea-
man, but exonerate him from a portion of the old
ones. The sailor will then have in his ration seve-.
ral articles he had before to pay separately for—
such as tea, or coffee, and sugar. And he will be
compelled to buy nothing else beyond his own
wishes; and, when buying, will be shielded from
paying so high and sa irregular prices as have
heretofore been complained of.
Whether all this can be sffected, and the best
mode for attempting it, had, perhaps, better be con-
sidered in full Senate, and on further examination.
He, therefore, would move a postponement till to-  ,
morros'.
There was a mistake in supposing that the differ-
ence of pay in the navy and the commercial ma-
rine created the present difficulty in procuring a
full supply of seamen. On the contrary, when
promptly paid, and humanely treated in the navy,
sailors generally preferred it to the merchant ser-
vice. They bad better medical attendance when
sick, an J pensions when disabled; and there was
an honest pride in wearing the insignia of their
coun'ry, and serving under its public flag. It was
regarded as an honor; and justly so. But the diffi-
culty lay deeper. Our commercial marine had
greatly increased in the last ten years; and the
growth of oar tonnage there had created a large
additional demand for seamen in the domestic, a 
well as foreign trade. At the same time, the navy
had been so augmented recently, as to require nine
or ten thousand seamen, instead of only five. This
was the trrs source of most of the difficulty.
Mr. CALHOUN concurred wilh the Senator
from New Hampshire, and suggested whether it
would net be advisable to lay on asmall per centage
to remunerate the Government for its expenditure.
Mr. ARCHER would defer to the suggestions of
the two Senators to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill. He regretted, however, ¡hat the
very able expose of the Senator from Maine would
be lost, unless that Senator would consent to restate
his views when the bill comes up again. He wished
the two Senators [Mr. Woodbdbv and Mr. C*t.-
ir:us] would dismiss from their minds the idea of
putting a per centage on the sailors.
Mr. WOODBURY had only suggested that it
might be a matter of consideration whether a small
per centage should not be put on the anieles con-
sumed.
Mr. ARCHER said the Naval Committee of the
House would sit to-morrow. He would ask that
the bills ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
might be now read, that they could go to the House
to-morrow.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to pass over the bill
under discussion; which was concurred in, and it
was informally passed by.
NAVAL BILLS.
The following bills, being engrossed, were read
the third time, and passed:
An act respecting furloughs in the naval ferviee.
An act to regulate the appointment and pay of
the engineers in the naval service.
An act to provide for the establiisb-meat e£ %
