%
868
Xana, distribution, under the
act of tiie tía. September,
1841                    .           .   640,000
------------   1,180,000
Xisavíng an available amount of        .      970,000
The Naty D partmect had drawn requisitions
on the treasury, at that time, to meet deb s ac'ual-
3y due, amorg wtuch are bills under protest for
$ 1,4,14 000—'.has leaving an ac ual deficit of
$444,000.  .
There was on hand about $100,000 of unissued
„ treasury note*, assis'ed b>   ihe accruing revenue,
<amot nt ng to about $150,000 per week, exclusive
of retee.pt!, on ucpa d bonds,) to meet requisitions
for the army, ami the demands of the civil list
The withdrawal of the turn of $640,000, to be
distributed among the States, as soon as the state-
ments and accounts can be made up and com-
pleted, ty virtte of the provisions of the act of ihe
4th September last, (of which nearly a mo ety goes
to a few Su e<, trd only about $383,000 is to be
divided am> ng ali the S ates,) while it adds materi-
ally to the embarrassments of Ihe treasury, affords
to the Slates to deeded lelief.
No immediate relief from this state of things is
anticipated, utiles («hit would most deeply be de-
plored) ihe G wrntnent could be reconciled to the
negotiations ot loans, alieady authorized by law, at
a rate of discount ruinous in itself, and calculated
most seriously to affect the public wedit So great
is the depies on of trad , that even if the present
bill were to become a law, and prove to be product-
ive, seme tiiae would elapse before sufficient sup-
plies would flow into the treasury; while, in the
xrean tune, its embarrassments would be continu-
ally augmented by the semi annual distribution ol
the land proceeds
Indrtd, there i but too much ground to appre-
hend that, ever if this, bill were permitted to become
a la —iJtenatmti, as it does, the proceeds of Ihe
land salí s—an actual deficit in the treasury would
occur, which i ou'd more than probably involve
the ne^e sny of a resort to direct taxation
L"t i* be also remarked, that $5,500,000 of the
public debt bpcomei rede< mable in about two years
and a In J, which, at any sacrifice, must be met,
while the ticasury is always liable to demands for
thi , ay me nt of outstanding treasury notes. Such
ist'e «1 ovypclurp whihour financial depart-
ment roJV pre«ems,, nd which calls for the exercise
©f a n«i 1  coi oiny in the public expenditures, and
the i, n er ng .ivaikble of all the means within the
control of ihe Government. I most respectfully
submit v;l the i ihis is a time to give away ihe
proem's 11 u e UnJ sales when the public lands
cov-utt o a fund whicb, of all others, may be made
most t. clul ii sus am n* the public credit Can
the Government be generous and munificent to
others,, wli=n i very dollar it can command is neces-
sary to supply Us own wants?? And if Congress
wou' I not heittak. to suffer the provisions of the
ac oí 4il  ¡September last to remain unrepealed, in
case the coun y was involved in war, is not the
nee «sny lor such a course now just as imperative
as i wooM be then1?
3 A third obj ciion remains to be urged, which
would b«s sufficient, m itself, to induce me to return
the bill to the Kow-e wi h my objections By
«nit a% two ¡nibjeois so incongruous as tariff and
dislnou on, n inevitably makes the fate of the one
dependent a^oa tha< t ihe other, ,n future contests
of par y Can anything be more fatal to the mer-
chant < i n.imi tc urer than such an alliance ?
What h y t 'St o all íequire is a system of mod-
ela e c1 <i eo sjat ranged as to withdraw the tariff
qtttstioii a. fu ps po* lble, cjmp elely from ihe
arerií o do1, cal c?nt * 'ion. Their chief want is
per/nan n v , ndstaoi'ily. Such an increase of the
tariff i i io iu rcci'^^ry, in order to meet the
eco ot> i >r r' utscf Government Such
an i, e. c at" ¡n in spjnt of moderation and
judit ou- i sntr ,„Víj', wouid, I have no doubt,
be en ir 1 sat -fje < *j to ihe American people In
the v*ay cf acconipiis,^irg a measure so*salutary
and s i imperatively demanded by every public ín-
teres', the ie| sia'ive department will meet with a
eoidial ec-operation on the part of the Executive, i
COfflBttESSIQNAL &L01E.
basis all tbat the manufacturer can desire, and it
onld be a burden readily borne by the people
But I cannot too earnestly repeat, that, in order to
be beneficial, it must be permanent; and in erder to
be permanent, it must command general acqui-
escence But can such permanency be juktly
hoped for, if the tariff question be coupled with
that of distribution—as to which a serious conflict of
opinion exists among the States and the people,
which enlists in its support a bare majority—if, in-
deed, there be a majority—of the two Houses of
Congress? What permanency or stability can at-
tach to a measure which, warring upon itself, gives
away a fruitful source of revenue at the moment it
proposes a large increase of taxes on the people?
Is the manufacturer prepared to stake himself and
his interests upon such an issue?
I know ihat it is urged (but most erroneously,
in my opinion) that instability is just as apt to be
produced by retaining the public lands as a source
of revenue, as from any otner cause, and this is
ascribed to a constant fluetuauon, as it is said, in
the amount of sales. If there be anything m
thisobjection.it equally apphes to every imposition
of duties on imports The amount oí revenue an-
nually derived from duties is constantly liable to
change. The regulations of foreign Governments,
the varying productiveness of olher counties, per-
iods of excitement in trad •, and a great variety of
other circumstances, are constantly arising to affect
the slate of commerce, foreign and domestic, and,
of consequence, the revenue levied upon it. Tbe
sales of the public domain m ordinary times are
regulated by fixed laws, which have their basis in
a demand increasing only in the ratio of the in-
crease of population. In recurring to the statis
lies connected with this subject, it will be perceived
that, for a period of ten years preceding 1834, the
average amount of land sales did not exceed
$2 000,000
For the increase which took place in 1834—'5 and
'G, we are lo look to that peculiar condition of the
country which grew out of one of the most extraor-
dinary excitement'! is business and speculation
that have ever occurred in tbe history of commerce
and currency. It was the trait of a wild spmt cf
adventure, engendered by a vicious system of cre-
dits, under the evils of which ihe country is still
laboring, and which it is fondly hoped will not
soon recur Considenng the vast amount of in-
vestments made by private individuals in the pub-
lic lands during those three years, and which
equalled $43,000,000, (equal to more than 20
yews'purchase,) lakmg the average of sales of the
ten preceding years, it may be safely asserted that
the result of the public land sales can hold out
nothing to alarm ¡he manufacturer with the idea of
instability m the revenues, and consequently in
the course of the Government
Under what appears to me, therefore, the sound-
est considerations of public policy, and in view of
the interests of every branch of domestic industry, I
return you the bill, with these my objections to its
becoming a law.
I take occasion emphatically to repeat my
anxious desire to to operate with Congress in tbe
passing of a law which, while it shall assist m sup-
plying the wants of the treasury, and re-establish
public credit, ■shall afford to the manufacturing in-
terests of the country all the incidental protection
they require.
After all, the effect of what I do is substantially
to call on Congress to reconsider the subject. If,
on such reconsideration, a majori'y of two-thirds
of both Houses should be in favor of the measure
it «ill become a law, notwithstanding my objec-
tions. In a case of clear and manifest error on
¡he part of the President, the presumption of the
Constitution is, that such majorities will be found.
Should they be so found in this case, having con-
scientiously discharged my own duty, I shall cheer-
fully acquiesce in the result.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, August 9 th, 1842.
The message having been read through—
Mr FILLMORE obtained the floor.   He said
he regarded the question presented in the message
as one of too m«ch importance to be considered
until the message could be printed, and a eopy
placed in the hands of each member. He hoped
the House would agree to the motion which he
should make; which was, that the message of the
IJreudent be entered on the Journal, as prescribed
by tbe Constitution, that it be printed, and that its
consideiation be postponed unal to morrow. Upon
this motion, he moved the previous question.
Mr. BOWNE desired to have 10,000 additional
copies printed, but his motion was ruled out of
order.
The previous question was then sustained, and
Mr Fillmore's motion adopted.
[The crowd which had assembled in the galler-
ies and in the House then quietly dispersed, leav-
ing but few spectators and as few members ]
Mr. STANLY offered a reso'ution, (which was
adopted,) providing that the bill for the reorganiza-
tion of the army should be taken out of committee
at 4 o'clock this day
Mr C J 1NGERSOLL gave notice that he
should ask leave to introduce 'he following bill:
The Clsrk was about to read it for information;
but Mr. BOTTS and others objected.
A BILL to provide revenue fiom imports
Be it enacted by the ¡Senate and líense of Representa
tizes of the United States of America mCongress assembled,
That, from and after the passage oí thi act, the same duties
upon imports shall belevieu collected, ana paid, under the same
laws rules, and regulations, which were ,m led, collected, and
paid, between the 1st day of Jnnuary, one thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty eight, and the last day of December, one thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty nine, under the provisions of the
act approved 2d March, 1833, entitled "An act to modify the act
of the 14th of July, one thousand eight hundred and thirty two,
and all other aets lmpsamg duties on imports "
Sec 2 And be it fui ther enacted, That, on the importa
tion of all the articles made subject to a duty of 20 per cent ad
valorem, under the provisions of the act entitkd 'An act re-
lating to duties and drawbacks," approved September I lth,
1841, there shall hereafter be levied, collected, and paid, a duty
of 30 per cent ad valorem, except upon railroad iron, which
shall be subject to the same rate of duty as bar or bolt iron, of
similar manufacture under the lit section of this aci but noth
mg herein contained shall be so construed as to deprive any
State or incorporated company, which shall have imported
railroad iron prior to the 3d day of JV3-irchnext, of the benefits
and advantages secured to them iespectively by the proviso to
the 5th section of the said act relating to the duties and ¿raw
backs
Mr. ROOSEVELT rose, as he said, to a privi-
leged question. He wished to move a reconsidera-
tion ot the vote adopted yesterday for an adjourn-
ment of Congress on the 22d inst. His object was
to fix an earlier day.
Tbe motion was ruled out of order.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on lue s'ate of the Union, (Mr.
Briogs of Massachusetts in the chair )
On motion of Mr STANLY, the committee
took up tbe report of the committee of conference,
on the disagreement between the t#o Houses upon
the army bill. The report of the committee was
read.
The ommittee recommended he retaining of the
second regiment of diagoons, but that, after tbe
4th of March next, it be dismounted, and converted
into a rifle corps. .
The committee recommended, in the next place,
to reduce the number of privates in each company
of the artillery and infantry regiments to forty-
two.
To allow the re enlistment of non-commissioned
officers, so as to preserve more perfectly the organ-
ization of the army.
In regard to the national 3'mories, the committee
proposed to retain the military superintendents at
preheat appointed; bat, at the same time, to retain
all the amendments a  to the reduction of salaries
in those establishments.
The committee also recommended the abolition
of ihe offices of twenty military storekeepers.
The first legislation affecting the "peace estab-
lishment" after tbe reduction of the army at the
close of the war with Great Britain, acsordmg to
the act of March, 1815, is found in the act entitled
"An act for organizing tbe general staff, and ma-
king further provision lor the army," approved
April 24, 1816. By the 5th section of this act,
which makes provision for the purchasing depart-
ment, "as many military storekeepers as the ser-
vice may require, whose salaries shall be regulated
by the Seoretary of War, according to the duty
they may perform," were authorized. The proviso
of the 6th section of the act required that they tee
