87$                               _______
legislative body since the commencement of the
present Administration, and of the action of the
Executive in regard to them. In referring to the
acts of Congress it was with very great satisfac-
tion that be had been able to say that a very great
portion of the rancor of party spirit which they
had witnessed had nothing to do with the preceed-
, ings of Congress; that some of the most important
aets of the Congress of the United States had had
very little of parly m them; and that ihe party
«tyling themselves Democratic contributed as much
as the majority to those act, which he should now
endeavor to enumerate.
The first act which was accomplished by the
Congress of the United States wa  the general
bankrupt a"t—a msasure of great relief to a dis
tressed portion of the community, and candor com-
pelled him to say that, so far as regarded that act,
the majority did not come in collision with the
Executive, and that it wassgned by him. How
far, m signing it, he gave satisfaction to that portion
of the community on which henceforth he most
rely, he (Mr   A )  would not  undertake  to say
' That act, however, could not have been passed
without the asvstance of some portion of the party
calling themselves the Democracy; and it was car-
ried through, against a most formidable opposition
This was not one of the sources of difference be-
tween the Executive and Congress, neither was it
one of the things for which the Executive or Con-
gress could be held responsible; for, whether good
or evil resulted from it, each must share the re-
sponsibility.
The next act was that first and most material
remedy to be applied to the relief of the forlorn
and wretched condition ot the nation when th's
party came into power—the establishment c a ra-
tion ! bank. What had Congress done in relation
to that subject? They passed the ac , and vhn
did ¡he Executive do? He vetoed it Congress
then parsed another measure having the same ob-
jects m v.ew, and expressly framed for the purpose
of avoiding ihe objections which the Executive hid
made to the first How was that received? D tto—
"veto and ditto." Now, the adminis'ratio . oí this
Government had for its object the welfare of th 
peopl", ai>d it was the decided, honest, conscien-
tious conviction of the majority of the two Houses
of Congress, that at lhat time a Bank of the
United Staffs was one of the most important and
vital measures to be taken for the relief of tlu.
country.
His colleague and himself both voted egamst
that bill, believing that n was too much accom-
modated to the passions and prejudices of theEx-
exculive, and lhat too much was saenfieed in the
hope of obtaining his approbation The first bill
was called a Bank of the United States—with an
honest name—what it purported to be- that meas-
ure had the sanction of a majority of both Houses
of Coneres —it was the art of Congress There
might be a diversity of opinion in the House, and
a powerful party entertaining the opinion that this
was not a measure calculated 10 restore the pros-
perity of the country, but what then was the re-
jection of that measure? A negative act, at best.
It was., at best, but a warning off of evil. It di 1 no
good, and Itft lh  country in the same desperate
state that it was in oefore the act was passed, it ¡eft
the country to suffer under all those evils, for the
remedy of which the present Administration was
placed in power Was this an act for which the
country ought tobe grateful? Was ihe fat'ure of
that mtasure of relief, a matter for which the Con
gress of the United States was responsible? No,
the respon lbility for the failure of that measure
rested entirely upon the head of the Executive.
And now, sir, (said Mr. A ) when we go before
the people—he and his party, and we and ours—to
join in this bat 'e, what will he «ay, and what will
we say, as to ihe responsibility of lhat measure'
We acted, and he declared that action should not
he had, but did he propose a substitute? Yes, he
did, and when it was brought before him for his
signature—framed to meet bis views, to theveiy
letter of his recommendation—it was vetoed again.
There was more than one member of Congress
who had the evidence that he had pledged himself
to sign it.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary; after which,
Mr. A. continued. la referring to tbu. second
act, for the purpose of ascertaining where the re-
sponsibility for its failure should rest, it would re-
cur to the memory of every member of the House
that the views and opinions of the Executive were
indulged to an extent that never before was done in
a legislative body—even to the ex ent of a change
of names, and calling a bank a fiscality, or an ex-
chequer of ibaue; or, in fact, any name but that
odious one of a*bank. What came next? Re-
trenchment. In the general operations of the two
Houses, the spirit of re'renchment had, perhap-,
been over-acted. Many thought so They h*"d
the measure reported by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr Summers] operating upon the expendí
tures of the House, cutting down and abridging
the members themselves of that portion of trifling
expenditures necessary for their convenience, and
cutting down many other necessary expenditures
A large retrenchment in this way had h en made
They had also thtee or four select com-mtieos on
the subject oí retrenchment, from which bills had
onsnnated. Tr>ere was the committee cf the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr Meriwether ] that of
the gentleman fiom Aib°marle, [Mr. Gilmer,]
with several others, who e reports were befe re
them. Then there were the reductions proposed
in relction to the army and navy, an' let him say,
that, whenever a retrenchment or reduction of the
expenditures of the nation was seriously to be con-
sidered, it must b« in the army and navy.
There (said Mr A.) you may n each millions,
in the expenses of Congress, you refrenen picav unes
You never will retrench for the benefit of the peo-
ple of this country, till yo i istrench the ir iy and
n*vy twentj >n'lions \r¿ ;et he I \i heird of
bringing down the expend ures of the Gove-n^cnt
to tmnty millions. Wí1- tbi<¡ gtea< let e.-chment
to b-> «lfected by cuttn if the paper of rr embers,
fcy reducing the numoer of pages, <inu cn'ting
down the salai es <f the do "-keepers. Hiwmteb
cculd be retrenc >ed in lhat way' If t'iere wis to
be ->ny real retrenchment, it must br 'c he army
and navy A sine re and honest de carnation to
reduce the expen es oí the Govern i ent, vis the
spirit of a veiy large portion of th° ts J parties in
the House, snd that was a spirit in wh ch th<* De-
mociacy had more meni than the o her pa-ry. Tie
tame here as an hunibn oilower of t inse who
went for retrenchment anJ, <o hep h m God, so
long a? he kept his seat heie, he would continue to
urge íetrenchment in the expenditures of ¡be mili-
tary and naval force Well, what was the cor-
responding action of the Executive on this subj«c'?
It was a recommendation to increase the expendi-
tures both for the army and navy. They bad esti-
mates from the War and Navy Department of
twenty millions The additions proposed to the
armed force, as he observed yesterday, fifteen mil-
lions would not provide for Where was the spirit
of retrenchment on the part of the Executive,
which Congress had a right to expect' How bad
he met the spirit manifested by C ingress for re-
trenchment of the expendituies of the Govern-
ment? By words—words—and nothing else but
words
And, next, there was the apportionment bill,
and while on that, too, he must do justice to 'he
Democratic party The number lhat was assumed
in that bill as the basis of representation, he
thought very improper, very twins', very much
oppo ed to the popular principle on wnich that
Houí,e should be constituted. But there was one
leading principle in that act, which would have
saved a multitude of sin —and that was, the sin/le-
disinct system. That cingle distnc principle was
introduced by a gentleman belonging to the Demo-
cratic party—[no no]—by the gentleman from
Smth. Carolina—[no, no] He was the in 'o
ducer of tnat principle in o that H use, and it
would not have been carried without him and
those of the Democratic parly who voted with
him That bill, then, was supplemental to ihe
Constitution of the United States, and it ought
to have formed part of the Constitution. What
said the Constitution? That the people should be
so divided, that there should be a Representative
■ "                                                       '■........'.......""■"
for a certain number of inhabitants. But five Rep-
resentatives for five times that number of inhabit-
ants was not one Representative for each of the
prescribed numbers; and it was not only unconsti-
tutional, but ot a most pernicious character; and it
was impossible that it teuld be tolerated for any
length of time. This apportionment bill provided
the remedy It carried out a simple provision of
th- Com.ti'ution, and a popular principle, into full
effect. And what had the Executive done with
that bill? He had "approved" the bill, but he had
annexed to it a bane to Jcstioy the efficacy of the
antidote, and what the consequence would be,
they would soon see There were upon that floor,
as they might have seen, a number of members
who were opposed to that principle of single repre-
sentation for party purposes, for the benefit of the
negative strength which n gave them against the
justice which belongs to the great Slates of this
Union, for an election by a general ticket never
represented more than one-half of the people
That ?ct of the President, then, was a veto un-
der a mask Then came the propositions to in-
crease the army and the navy, then came the tar-
iff and ihe tariff completed the system of the Whig
party in the two Houses of Congress The tariff
was the instrument by which the revenues were to
be raised, to correspond with the expenditure, and,
with labor, and against mighty opposition, that
measure was earned through twice; and two bills
had been sent to the President for approbation, and
• he had vetoed them both—and for reasons, he [Mr.
Adams] supposed, that were satisfactory to himself.
[Laughter ] Wha' else hid he done? He (Mr.
Adams) said—the Judiciary Committee said—(and
every lawyer who had risen in that House, and
had undertaken to defend the measure, took care to
disclaim the opinions of the President as Lis own)
that they had come to the co lection of ship-money
on executive authority The President bad as-
sumed th  power to ruse revenue for the country;
and, in raising that revenue, he had undertaken to
make regulations by wmch ihe value of the arti-
cles was to be detei mined—wh ch the law de-
c ared shou'd be done by Congress. That wa«
what he had undertaken to do, and how did he
stand before the nation on thai? Why, they were
told it was a question of law, to be decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
He admitted it must be decided by that court, or
that jurors would have to decide whe her the Pres-
ident of the United States had the power of raising
money by regulations, which the law said should b«
made by Congress, and thereby levying hundreds
of thousands of dollars trom the people If it
were to depend alone on the Supreme Court of
the United State-*, he should have some hesitation,
for he well remembered when the qnestion of
"ship money" was brought up in England, the
courts decided that the power was in the King, and
they imposed a fine for resisting it. He (Mr.
4dimo) had not entire confi-'erce m the Supreme
Court of the United States, which, in what might
be deemed a necessity, might, as did the judges of
England, justify the sunerseding of all law, and
decide that the power was to be exercised by the
Executive head But, as he understood it, this ques-
tion must b  decided bvjune , and he preferred go-
ing befo e b&i tribunal, rather than before the Sa-
pierne Court of the United States, on that question.
They would soon see the issw^ and whatever it
migh' be, they wou'd soon see on wrom the respou-
¡sibili'y rests. Certainly the responsibility could
not rest on Congress, for Congress, had provided
for the very case uh ch had occurred. No; but
the Executive would not consent to that remedy for
one short morlh
And now with respect to the distribution of the
puHic ian-ls What was. the principle upon
«h ch ¡he two IIout>e« of Congress had determined,
trae after nine, to prGceed? That the proceeds of
the public lands should be divided amongst the
S'?tesof the Union, to enabl  them to pay their
deb's— th ir honest debts. They held that the
proper y belonged to the nation—that it was the
inheritance of the United States—and that, after
the payment of the debts for which it was originally
pledged and acquired, it should be distributed
amongst them, to enable them to improve that
