CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§8&
adopt any oiher mode of proceeding, he could not
conscientiously serve on this committee, which he
believed to be unconstitutional. He therefote
asked the House to excuse him from serving.
The quesiion was then taken, and, by an almost
unanimous vote, Mr. I  was excused.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 12, 1842
Mr. WILLIAMS, on leave, m roduced a bill
for the relief of Nathaniel Mitchell, wh ch was
read twice, arid taken up, as in committee of the
whole; and Messrs WILLIAMS, WRIGHT, and
WOODBURY explained that it was to correct an
error in the bill recentlv passed for the reuef of
Mr. Mitchell The bill was then reported to the
Senate, read the third time, and passed
The following adverse reports cf the standing
committees were taken up, and concurred in by
the Senate, viz: In the cases of Gustavus B Hor-
ner, Samuel Y. Keene, John Jcrdon, and Robert
H. Sanders.
House bill, entitled An act for the reuef of
Samuel Dicy, was taken up, as in committee of the
whole; and was opposed by Messrs CALHOUN
and KING, and defended by Mr. GRAHAM;
when, on motion of the first-named Senator, it was
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Joba H Stone,
deceased, was taken up as in committee of the
whole. This bill was debated at great length The
question involved, independent of the particular
merits of the case, tva«, wheiher there was a vested
right in a pension; or whether the children were
entitled, by right of inheritance, to a pension
which the paient may have be n enntled to under
1 the law of Congress on which the appl cauon was
founded.
Messrs.  SEVIER and   KERR   defended   the
merits of the claim, and the principles rn which it
i   was founded, and Messrs. PHELPSand WRIGHT
opposed it.
The débale having been concluded—
Mr. WRIGHT move! that the bill be indefi-
nitely po= poned.
Mr. BUCHANAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the question, ps it vas to settle a principle,
which having been ordered, th° question on indefi-
nite postponement was puf, and carried in the affir-
mative—yeas 20, navs 8, as follows
YEAS— Messrs Archei, Bairby, Rates Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun Clay'on, Cuttenden, Cuthbert, Bayton,
Huntington Kins, McRob rt-. Milla, Plnlps, Porter, Tall
madge, Wright, and Youi g—20
NAVS—Me^si^ Pulton, Ken S vier Simmons Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Wa'l e , and While—8
The bill to provide for the sati^fact on of clauns
arising under the 14 h and 19 h articles of Th«
treaty of the Unit d Sta.cs wnh the Ch ctaw In-
dians at Dancing Rabbit c.eek, having been re-
turned from the Eiouse wi h arrendrn°nls, was, cn
the motion of Mr. WALKER, taken up, and the
amendments were concuned in.
The b 11 autho- z ng the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle the claims oí the Sate of Alabama
sgamsi the United. Sta'f, havirg been reuired
from the House with sun Irv pmenl-nents, was, on
the motion ot Mr. KING, taken cp, ard the
amendments were toncurr d in
Engio-*ed bill en ltltd Ar an  for ike augirenta-
t.on of the m,<nno corp , and lor  other  purpose,
(by the addition of 500 men ^nd the proper quan-
tum of non-cornmiss 0>ied  cfhceis,)  wis react the
,   thud time, and passed
The bill en'itled An  act risking compensa ion
to pension agent*, by a lowing i'ieiii 2 pei if-at on
,   dnbur'ehjents, wos taken Uj) as  ni  'omm itte oí
the whole.
,      On motion of Mr C\LIIOU>T,'he bill   was   o
amended   that   the  con^rioatie n  ot  tbe  agents
,   should, in no case, exceed §1,000 annufllj.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that here o ore
(, there were some cases m whlcn no c rnnens-stion
i was allowed lo person agents, particularly in
|. cates whe e banks acted as such They were
Willing to perfoim the d'Uies without compen at i n,
I in consequence of deposites ot money lo pay the
¡ pensions having been made with ihem some 60 or
90 days before it was required to be paid over,
and during which time they had the use of the
money. Now, if this bill require! that compensa-
tion should be paid to pensir n agents in a 1 case-,
he would be opposed to it, because many of ¡he
banks were anxious to d,sbure the money without
compensation.                                         •
Mr. SEVIER said the bill was only intended to
allow compensa'ion in such cases as could not be
avoided. From several of tbe States, numerous
petitions had been presented in favor ol allowing
compensation to agents who would not act without
i . It was to meet inure cases that the bill was
intended
The bill was then reported to ihe Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Tne bill for the relief of John W. Skidmore was
taken up as m committee of the whole, consid-
ered, reported to the Senate, read the third time,
and passed, and
The bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide for the adjustment of titles to land
in the town of Detroit, in ihe Territory of Michi-
gan, and for o her purposes," passed April 24,
1806, was taken up as m committee of ihe whole;
and, having be=n amended in several particulars,
on the motion of Mr PORTER, was reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engros-ed for a third
reading.   Tnen,
On motmn of Mr. BATES,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 12, 1842
Several Senate bills were reported from different
standing committees, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr W COST JOHNSON gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill
to meet all the current and contingent liabilities of
the Government, by raising revena^ from imports,
to benefit the growjrs ot grain and tobacco, by
countervailing and reciprocal duties on articles
specified—to prevent abuses in the collection and
disbursement of the revenue, < y requiring the gross
amount to be pvd at once into (he treasury, to be
c rawn out only by la? —lo prevent defalcations, by
requiring purchasers f public land= and importers
of du'iable g-eds to piace the amo'tnt to be paid the
Government in Goie-nmert depositories, or m the
treasury at orce, to th  cred't of ihe Government,
and to receive a receipt of payment from the re-
ceivers, upon presentation oí u e certificate of such
deposite—to benefit the States, and increase tbe
capital of the na'ion ty au ho zmg the issue, upon
Ihe fsi h of ihe Governmert, cf two hundre^ mil-
lions oi Govretn^ient stect., of dtnom nations of not
los than ene hundred, ror exceeding oi e thous-
and doilai- , to Le di/idcd amj's; 'he Sates, the
Tcrnlr ns«, and 'lie Diitnc cf Coieuibia, upo i the
ba«is ot federal numb n—a u lo 'u pend the jpt"--
phen of tne dis'nbaticn f the preceeds of tne sa es
of the public land  until th" rede npt on ot tne
stco-c by t>    Go' eminent
M-. BARNARD Kisrtc 1 to 'cctr, from he J«-
dicia v Commit e«, f-c th from the S' ate "io
pro/ cu remed al jjs ice in ihe e „i s of the Uni-
ted Stat-s "
Mr J Q  FLOYD o^i cted
Tne 1 ill vr\i mi r p^, ted
Mr MeKS-N4N m ted thii the H use reír 
up she bul re o 'H f om ih> Commi tee cf ihe
Whole, em 'el A bil makirg ap ropnauon for
ma lit hispnal si es rnth"  Westi rn waicr-, *h ch
mo ion j-r«v , '~d, b> gencial c n-ent
M1- V< K tue i mo' ed the previonr question or
th  trgro sn , t ol Ihe b 11, wh ch was su ¡adied
Mr S^'IliI or V ig n a vaid 'Lit, inismuoh a<
h s bill ir vJyed i larpe expen 'it are of money, h-
wou'd i ill l r ti>e }ea>- and nry . They were ta-
ken, and r^u ted as to lows
\EAS—Ves ,■< Alaran, I ir i P W Aru'rew , «terlock J
Allien", Bilei, Bui ai 1 Plan H v 1, Bienstci Brockvvay
ihulesBnwn Í enn-i'i Rrown Ii in ell William O Butler
( alh mi Casey Jo in C Clark, Clinton lames Cooper Ciins
ton Ciivena Girretl Davis Dea" Doan, lohn Edwaitlo Ever
ett OiUin"! Gransti, (««n , Halsted Ho| kins Hud on,
I R ln"ersoll W V\ Iiwm,Tark Jame  Wm C Johnson
Kenn, John P Kennedy Lane, 11 1, MeKeiman Marcha id T
F Marshall, Samson Ma oo M« i ot, Miiwell, MajmrJ, Mi
dill, Millei, Morgan, Moms, Morrow, 'sewhaiJ, Peaice Pen
dleton, Pope, Profflt, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Read,
Keynolds, Ridgway, Rodney, Wm Russell, Saltonstall, San-
ford, Slade, Truman Smith, Soliere, Stanly, Stratton, John T.
fetuart, Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tillmghasti
I oland, Tnplett, Wallace, Weller, Edward D White, Joseph
L White, Thos W Williams, Christopher H Williams,
Wise, Yorke, and A  Young—86
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Arnold, Amngton, Atherton, Birds
eye, Burke, Green W Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, Caruth-
ers, Cary, Chapman, Chittenden, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt,
«owen, Daniel, Richard D Davis, Dolg, Egbert, Fes^enden,
* illmore, John G Floyd, Gamble, Gerry, Wm O Goode,
Gordon, Hall, Harris, Hays, Henry, Houck, Houston, Ilubard,
Hunter, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Robert MrClellan,
McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Alfred Marshall, Moore, Osborne,
Owsley, Parmenter, Rayner, Reding, Riggs, Rogers, Saunders,
Wm Ssmith, Siyder, Summers, Sumtei, Sweney, Taliafeiro,
I umey, Van Buren, Warren, Washington, Watterson, James
w Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wood, and John Young—
67
Mr C. H WILLIAMS said he had voted in.
the affirmative, for the purpose of enabling him to
move a reconsideration of the vote. He moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was order-
ed to be engrossed, with a view to recommit the
bill, with instructions to strike out "Napoleon,"
Arkansas, as one of the sites, and insert "Mem-
phis," Tennessee.
Mr. W. addres.ed the House for some ¡imp ia
favor of his motion, and was replied to by Mr..
MeKENNAN.
The question was taken on ihe motion to recon-
sider, by yeas and nays; and decided n the affir-
mative—yeas 91, na>s 90.
Mr. C. H WILLIAMS then submitted his mo-
tion to strike out "Napoleon," and insert "Mem-
phis."
The previous question having been moved, it
was sustained by the House, andtho question was
then partially taken by tellers, on the amendm nt
of Mr. C. H. Williams, when 85 voted in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER said there was evident!} a ma-
jority in favor of the motion
Mr. LINN BOVD called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said it was too late, as the
House was dividing.
Some conversation ensued, which was termi-
nated by the SPEAKER'S insisting upon gentle-
men who were standing m tne aisles taking their
seats, anl he then announced that the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Tne yeas and nays resulted as follows yeas 79,
najs 97. So the amendment was not concurred
in
Mr TLUMER ofiVed an amendment, to strike
out "Cleveland," and insert "Erie," which was
decided 'o be out of order
Mr McKAY called for the yeas and nays on
tbe engrostment of tne bill, and, being ordered,
they resulted as follows- jeas 109,nays 79.
\EA*l—Messrs Aflama I andaff W Andrew", Sherlock J
Andtews, Ayei.£ff, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Bidlaek,
Bia r iioardn an Bov.ne, fioyü, Brewster Briggs Brockway,
Charles Brown Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, William O But
lei Casey Chuten lei IhnC C ark James Cooper, Cranston,
Cra s Cnsh n« Gairett Divis Dawson,Dean Doan, John Ed-
ttard= Toll i ( EuTvav! GiddinifS Vttrick 6 Coode trran-
mi Creen Owm Iialolcd tlas'mgs Hopkins,Hudson Charles
7 Insmsoll I jseph R Inaor*oll lame« Irvin, W W Irwin,
lime* h.emi Andiew Kennedy King, Lane, Mcliennan,
Maic'nnl, lhomas F Maishal! Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks,
Mi\w H Maynar' M dill, Mi'ler, Morgan Morris, Morrow,
Ne vharl, Pendleton, Plumer Poi e, Powell, Promt, Ramsey,
Randolph, Rtad Kevnold-, Rid-rway, Rodney Wm Russe 1,
TanesM Ru=«el, -<al 'ons-talt «anford Slade, Truman Smith,
«olleis "nig", Mil ly, Sua ton, Alexander H H Stuart,
Jo'nf Suait Richiu W Thomoson Tioob Thompson, Til
h   n t To'and Tl plett X n lerwiod *\ an Rensselaer Ward,
i Vellci EdwaiJ D White, Joseph L Whi e Thomas W Wil-
Inms Wise \orke Aueustus \ojnir, and John Youne—109.
Iv n\ ,_M, >. ,, Arnoll Ainrgton, Bjboock Birdseye,
Bla-k A \ Brown Burke Wm Butler Green W Caldwell,
Purlin < Caldnell Wm B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell,
Cii-utler Ctrv Chapman < liford Coles, ( o'qultt Mark A.
( ooper Cowe i Dane] R D Davis Doig Pehert Fesoenden,
Fi I noi , John G Flnvii, 1 T Toster Gamble, Gentry, Ger-
ly Gilmei Go«sn WlllamO Goode Gordon Graham Gus-
tóle Jtibersham liarn? Hays Holnes Houck Houston,
Hubard lohn W loii«, Lewis Linn, Abraham McClellan,
Robeit McCleilan, 'McKay, Mai oiy Allred Maishill, Mitchell,
Oaborne, O vsley Pannei si Payne, Peaice, Beniamm Ran
d-ll Ilavner Red n« Ri 2S s,aun]er, 'sin  William Smith,
fcnytler, 8te nrod hummus, Sumter Sweney, Taliaferro,
lrumbull, lurney \ an Buren, Warren Waitei  n lames W
William- Christopher II Williams, Jweph I Wl'liams, and
Wood —79
The bi'l was then read a third lime, and passed.
The next bill taken up was the Senate bill to
prov le for the satisfaction cf claims ami"-? under
the 14th and 19th articles of the treaty ef Dancing
Rabb t creek.
