*M4
Mr J COOPER moved the previous question;
-which was sustained by the House
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and was
read a third time, and passed
The bill to provide paymt-nt for horses and other
property lost in the military service of the United
Sta'es, was taken up.
Mr. TURNEY moved the previous question;
and, under its operation, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. TURNEY then moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill, which was seconded by
the House; and the mam question having been
ordered—
Mr. STANLY called for the yeas ard nay,
which were ordered; and, on taking the mam ques-
tion, the result was—yeas 71, nays 100.
So the bill was rejected.
The House then took up the bill authorizing the
settlement of the claims of the State of Alabama
for moneys advanced for tbe United Slates for the
pay and subsistence of milma called into the ser-
vice of the United States during the Creek war,
with certain amendments; and the amendments
hiving been concurred in—
The bill was explained and advocated by Messrs
LEWIS, SHIELDS, CHAPMAN, and COWEN,
and oppesed by Messrs. McKAY and STANLY.
Mr. CHAPMAN having moved the previous
question, which wai seconded, and the mam ques-
tion having been ordered—
Mr. STANLY moved that the bill be la.d on the
table.
The House refused to lay the bill on the table—
ayes 69, noes 91.
The question then recurred on the passage of the
bill, and resulted in the affirmative—aye 81, noes
C7, as follows.
YEAH—Messrs Allen, h W Andrews, Appleton, Arnold,
Aycngg, Bibcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Blair
Boaidman, Jeremiah Brown, Burneli, Calhoun, Thomas T
Campbell Caruthers, Casey, Chittenden, lohnC Clark James
Coappi, Cowen, Garrett Davis, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore,
Thomas r Foster Gentry, Giddmgs Goggm, Graham, Granger,
Hat ersham, Hudson, James, John P Kennedy, King, Linn,
McKennan, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan Morrow, Owsley, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsay, Ren
jaimo Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rod
ney, William Russell, James M Russell, Saltonstall, Slade,
'lruman Smith, Stanly, Stratton, Alexander H H Stuart,
John T Stuart, Summers, John B Thompson, Richaid W
Thompson, Toland, Tomlmson, Tnplett, Trumbull, Under
wood, van Rensselaer, Warren, Washington, Edward D White,
Joseph L White, Thomas W Williams, Christopher II
Williams, Aug Young, and John Young—81
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Arrmgton, Atherton, Beeson, Bid
lack, Black, A V Brown, Charles Brown Burke, Wm Butler,
Green W Caldwell,PatnckC Caldwell, lohn Campb ll Cary,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Mark A Cooper, lro*s Daniel,
Richard D Davis, Dawson, John C Edwards John G Flojd,
Gordon, Gwm, Harris Hastings Hays, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Charles J Ingersoll, William W liwm, John W
Jones, Keim, Lewis, Abraham McClellan, Roheit McClellan,
McKay, Alfred Marshall, Mathews, Newhard, Parmentei,
Payne, Plumer, Pope, Profiit, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Sollers, Sumtei,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van Buren, Ward, Watterson,
James W Williams, Wise, and Wood—67
So the bill was passed.
REVENUE BILL.
Mr C J. INGERSOLL, n accordance wuh the
notice which he had previously given, asked leave
to bring in his bill to provide revenue fr< m import .
Mr. FILLMORE obj cted. He considered that
action would be premature, whilst the revenue bill
on the table remained undisposed of.
Mr. B1DLACK wished to ask a question. He
wished to inquire whether it was not expressly un-
derstood, when the vetoed bill was laid on the ta-
ble, that it would not prevent the mm duciion of
another bill? Mr. B therefore wanted to know
why the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means considered this movement premiture? Did
the m?jonty intend to prtvent any legislat on on
the subject, by refusing to take up the other bill,
and by contending that this propoiition was pre-
mature until (he other wa% disposed ' f 1
The CHAIR «minded Mr 8 that the question
was not debatable.
Mr. BIDLACK said he was aware of* it, and
must content himself with having reminded the
House of (he true state of the question.
Mr. INGERSOLL then moved a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of taking up his bill
Mr PROFFIT called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read as follows:
C0PQaESSIONAL GLOBE.
A BILL to provide revenue from imports
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa
fives of the United Slates ofAmerica mCongress assembled,
That, from and after the passage of this act, the same duties
upon imports shall be levied, collected, and paid, under thesame
laws, rules, and regulations, which weie levied, collected, and
paid, between the lot day of Jnnuary, one thousand eight hun
dred and thirty eight, and the last day of December, one thou
sand eight hundied and thirty nine undir the provisions of the
act appro?ed 2 J March, 1833, entitled "An act to modify the act
of the 14th of January, one thousand eight hundred and thirty
two, and all o her acts impssingduties on imports," except that
the said duties shall be paid m cash  And provided further,
That in all cases wheie specific duties wen imposed upon im-
ports prior to the passage of the said act, it shall be the duty of
the Secretaiy of the Treasury to ascertain the averaee rate of
duty which was collected upon each of the said articles through-
out the year 1839, and such average rateof duty shall heieafter
be levied collected and paid, as a specific duty upon the im
portation of the said articles, in the same manner as if such re
spective specific duties were respectively imposed by this act
Sec 2  And be it futther enacted, That, on the importa
tion of all the articles made subject to a duty of 20 per cent ad
valorem, under the piovisionsof the act entitled "An act re
latmg to duties and drawback*," approved September Uth,
1841, there shall heieafter be levied, collected, and paid, a duty
of 30 per cent ad valorem, except upon railroad iron, which
shall be subject to the same late of duty as bai or holt iron, of
similar manufactuie under the 1st section of this act, but roth
ing herein contained shall be so constiued as to deprive any
State or mcorioiated company, which shall have impored
railroad iron prior to the 3d day of March next, of the benefits
and advantages secured to them respectively by the proviso to
the 5th section of the said act relating to the duties and draw
backs
Mr FILLMORE moved a call of Ihe House, but
subsequently withdrew the motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules, and they were ordered.
The motion to suspend tbe rule3 was negatived—
yeas 43, nays 118, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack, Bowne, Brew
ster, Charles Brown, Butke, Clinton, Cros*, Cushmg, Rich
ard D Davis, Doig, John G Floyd, G3rry, Gordon, Online,
llama, Houck, C J Ingersoll, William W Irwin, Cave John,
son, Keim Andrew Kennedy, Robert McOldlan, Marchand
Mitchell, Ñewhard, Parmenter, Plumer, Pope, Promt, Reding,
Reynolds, Riges ¡Sanford Snyder, Van Buren, Ward Weller,
James W Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wise, and Wood
-43
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, LandafFW Andrews, Ap
pleton, Arnold, Arrmgton Aycrigg, Bahcnck Baker, Barnaid,
Barton, Bird-eye,$Blair, Boardman, Botts, Aaron V Brown,
Jeremiah Brown Wm Butler, Green W Caldwell, P C
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Thomas J
Campbell, Carutheis, Cary, Ca^ey Chapman, Chittenden,
John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt,
James Cooper, Maik A Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Garrett
Davis, Dawson, tohn Edwards JohnC Edward", Egbert,
Fessenden Fillmore, Thomas F roster,Gentry, Gilmer, Gog
gin, Gidham, Granger, Gwin, Habersham Hal&ted, Hays, Hop
kins, Houston Howaid, Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, James, John
P Kennedy, Lewi1*, I inn, Abraham McClellan, McKay, Mc
Kennan, McKeon, Mallory, Alfred Marshall, Matíuot, Mathew«,
Mattock*, Maxwell, Mooie, Morgan, Mirrow, Owsley, Payne,
Pearce Pendleton Powell Ramsey Benjamin Randall, Ran
dolph Ridgwaj Rodiey Rogers, William Russell, Saltonstall,
Saunders, shields, William temith Sollers, Stanly, Steenrod,
Stratton, Alexander II II feuirt,T)hnT Stuart, Summer*,
Sumter Sweney Tohn B Thompson, Tacob Thompson,
Richard W Thompson, Tidmghast Toland, Tomlinsor, Trip
lett Tiumbull, Turney, Van Rensselaer, Vvarien, Washington,
EdwatdD White, Joseph L White, Cnnslopher II Williams
and John Young—118
Mr FILLMORE then submit'ed a resolution to
termmste debate m C mirmuee of the Whole on
the bill making appropnat ons for ceitam fi rtifica-
tions, after the same shall have been further consid-
ered one hour    [Loud enes of Oa> oh' oh1]
Mr. PR0FF1T suggested that one minute should
be substituted for one hour.
Mr. FILLMORE said it would be recollec'ed
that the bill had been discussed cae d?y, and, as
there were olhers to be ac'ed upon, it was necessary
to dispose of it at once.
Mr PROFFIT.   Make it one minute, 'iVn
The previous question having been moved, the
question was put on seconding it
Mr. W W. IRWIN moved 'u lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. C JOHNSON cal'ed for the }easand nay*.
Mr. IRWIN withdrew the motion.
Mr GORDON renewed i', but the motion was
negatived
The previous question was then sustained by the
House. Toe yeas and nays were orlered on tha
adoption of the resolution, and result d thus—yeas
81, nais 67
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the Hou-e resolve
itself into Committee of the Who'e; which was
agreed to; (and Mr. Hopkins took the chair )
The committee resumed the consideration of ihe
fortification bill.
Mr. W W IRWIN rose, and said he was en-
tilled to the floor from yesterday, and he resumed
the debate of last night, and proceeded to address
.....               i   i     fi   i.....i, ii     i                           ii r r i- nrr-p-a              ®h
the committee in justification of the President's fj
difference of opinion with the House, as a constt- §
tutional right. He then gave his views on dislnbu- |
tion and a tariff, and appealed to the Whig ma- p
jority to strike five lines from the vetoed bill, (the é
distribution clause,) bring it into the House again, ft
and it should have his vote. Much as it grieved J
him to lose distnbution, small as was the amount, j
he would vote for the bill in that shape, rather <t
than lo=e dis'nbution and tariff both. [Cries of *
"Would the President sign it!")                                 #
The gentlemen, he said, had the President's mes- £
sage by which to judge, as well as himself Bat 1st ^
them try him; and they could pass the bill through ¡J
both Houses in two day*. [Laughter, and cries of ,i
"What1 apply the gag "] Yes, apply the gag; and, j
under such circumstances, they should have his jfc
vote to impose the gag If they let one bill, he '$
entrea ed them not to abandon the country, but try ,
another, and try, snd try again, until they sue- ,■
ceeded in obtaining one. He was grieved to hear fc
such language as he yesterday heard from the g
chairman of the Cooi'mt'ee of Wayi and Meaos, s
by which he vim, satisfied that no luriher attempt s
was to be made. He hoped that gentleman [Mr. .
Fillmore] would not tear the laurels from his ,
brow which he bad already gained, by pursuing s
such a course, for such would be the result, for the  
fault would be his.                                                      a
Mr. WISE next addressed the committee n re-   s
ply to Mr.  Fillmore.    In  the course of his, re-   g
marks, he satd that it was distinctly announced by    i
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Underwood]    „
at the exira session, that the manufacturing inter-
est was not to have protecion  alone, without a
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands.   Í
He did not then  apprehend that tin;, warning, or   ¿
threat, of his friend from Kentucky had so extensive
a meaning as he had since found it   It now seemed
that not only the pecuniary interests of the manu-
facturers, real or imaginary, wete to be sacrificed,
while this sine qua non of one man was persisted in;
but the solid stone foundations of the Government   !
were to be shattered.   Not orly manufactures, but   Í
the navy, was to be sacrificed; and the fortifications
left to decay, rather than give up  the principle   !
of distribution.   If there was one term more than
ano her that had a powerful effect in the last Pres-   ?
idential contest, it was the term "destructives," as
applied by one party to ihe other.   The Locofocos  *
were denounced throughout the campaign as de>
s'ructives, and he thought they were «o, m some of  *
tbeir dcctnnrs, but he  must say, before God, that
their destruciiveness v as nothing in comparison to   *
what he had heard tvowed on ihtt floor.   Had it  •
come to Ih'0, that the people of the United States   J
were to wait, and starve (as had been said by the  "
gentleman from New Yoik) until another Con-   '
gffss was elected?                                                      *
The gentleman from Maine had given notice
that the naval supplies were to be vo'ed down,   ,
unless the distribution principle should be earned
into effect, that tbe fortifications were to be left to
dilapidat'on and decay; that   the manufactories
were to be left with silent and still spmdles; that   .
the Government wjis to be left dishonored and dis-
g'-aeet'—«nd a'l for the sake of one man's hobby,
and tr>a  a meie political hobby.   This  was what  *
he culed  deblrucliveness, with a vengeance; and
ttor^e than  any deitructiveness ever a'tnbuted to ,
the Lcr jfocos    The gentleman f om New York  <
^a'd that h? wanted to separate di«tnbuiion from  ?
tie  tat if, and why  did  he  not da it in 1841?   ,
Was it ihe President who desired to repeal their
v or i or was it their desire  to repeal the act of J
1841?    You yourselves  (ssid  Mr W ) de«ire to   
icpeal your  own  aci, m  order that   taxation— *
burdensome   taxation—may   go   on,   while  you '}
sq lander the proceeds of the  public lands; and  '
yet you say th?t you wanted ti separate taxation '
f'om distribution    The people could not believe  J
this contradidKn    The Pre^idpnt has msrely said, <
Abide by you* own measure.   He merely said '
that, so far as he was called  on to act, he, in his ¡
department, will abide by the act he has approved <
of.   That aci was the offspring of your own brain;  <
you fixed the limitation by which d.slnbulion was }
tj cea*e, when the tariff rose above 20 per cent; s
and he, having sanctioned it, now says that he will
