CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
abide by it. Mr. W., after some farther remark',
said that there never was a more favorable mo
Bent, (so far as the South was concerned,) than the
present, for giving ample protection to manufac-
tures. No one believed that a less revenue ihan
from twenty to tnenty-seven millions would be re-
quired; an ¡ duties most be laid to provide ihat
amount, which could hardly be done without giv-
ing abundant protection to manufactures. Give
him a tariff bi'1 to-day, and he could adjust the du-
ties so as 10 be satisfactory both to the North an<l
the South He would not debate th? question of
protection: it was not nece'«ary that i e should do
so, for every antt tariff man admitted that revenue
enough must be raised to ?ive all the protection
that the manufacturera want What, theD, were
they deputing abou,? He would answer that ques
tion. It wis a mere political game that certain
gentlemen were pUying.for the purpose of making
a President. It was rot a business question—it
was not one that looked to th: interests of
the people; but it was a question which lookfd
to the interests of one man in reference to the
Presidency The frteniis of that man had dis-
covered that, if they could leave this tariff question
open at the end of the session, and throw the
responsibility on the Administration, it would
mm out for their beneát. Tney kn"w that, m
three large Slates of the Untoa—New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Ohio—'he tariff interest wa^ in-
creasing; and they imagined that, if they could only
convince these States that Henry Clay was the
friend of a protective tariff, and that a protective
tariff had been defeated by John Tyler, it would
make for the firmer many friends, who other-
wise never would go for him. Gentlemen, how-
eyer, would find themselves mistaken, when tney
went home to their consUuents. Tt-e peop'e
would say to them, We care nothing about distri-
bution—all we want is such a tariff a^ will give u,
protection, while it provides for the support of the
Government; and if you could not get it wi'hout
giving up your favorite scheme of (iisinbution, it
was jour duty to give it up
After some further remarks from Mr. W.,
The question was taken en Mr Gbaíum's mo-
tion that the commit'ee report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it be rejected, and
carried in the affirmative—a>es 68, noes 54.
On motion by Mr GRAHAM, the committee
then rose, and reported the bill accordingly.
Mr. FILLMORE—after reading a statement
from the Engioeer Depattment, showing the amount
of the unexptnded balance of former appropria
tionson hanr1—said that the best course would be to
order the bill to be engrossed and laid on the table,
till they saw whe her toey could provide the wa>s
and means to meet the appropriations contained
in it, and on the question of engrossment, he
moved the previou  question.
Mr. BLACK moved to lay the bill on the table;
wh'ch motion was rejected.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted m yeas 95, nays 65. So the bill was order-
ed to be engrossed for a third reading.
The till having been read a third time—
Mr. FILLMORE moved to lay it on the table,
which motion was adopted—veas 102, nays 54.
YEAS—Messrs   I andaO \V  Am'rewff, ^heilcck I \0tlLH\vt=,
Appleion, Arnold,  A>tiv.i, B ikei, Black, Blaii, iioaidmar,
Boyd, Aaron V Bit \\n, leiemnli Brown, Wm íiiiüei, h een
W   Caldwell  Gall oun,  I    1    (.ami bell   Cascv, J   C   llaik,
Coles James Cooper    Cowefi, Cravens, Papist, Oan it i>a
vis, Dean, Evtretl, rilmuie  A   I iwience I ostei   Thomas
r Fonei Cambe, Genii)   Gen/   (.id 1112 ,0 Hi 1, Pmih k
G   Gioue, Gialnm,Gieeu nileisham   llilsted Hi\s, Hiucs
Howard, lluiuid, < ^i   Jo1 n go   Keim,  lohn  P    kennei \
King Lin°, Lewis, Lin   Abiiniii M f lelhn, jMcKay Mil
chand, Sanisjn Mason, Milhl i, 81     litws AI v tncks, M ¡w   il
Mitchell, Mone  Mouai , Minis Mo'iow Ntwiiaul 0 «]ey,
Pavne,   Pence, Tend eton    PI unci   Poje, Powtll   ]! u ice)
Alexander Randall, Rt/ul   Uelra     Rn not !>, IIoti-, J uno
M  Russell  S„nnd>if   \\i>   -in h   >-i> In, -ilk is, Na b
Miann Aleidndei it It *-uiu Mm  1'  -1 ut Minrru-
Sum ei, Sv\en \, Taiil^no   Ti hn   li     lb">m|s n    Kcln   I
W   Thorn) son, 1nik.it,  I urn v, 1 u < iwo   I   Uai f     V
ttraon Edwin! T)   \V hit      I ) el li 1    \\h"e    tuns   \\    Wll
llam , Chilsiopliir ¡I   \\illnms-H«
íNAYís—"U( srs A Unís, Mini 01, Athei <n ÍU itl
Rlrdseve Rolden, Bu usl 1 Charks Hnwn HmU Bnni.1
Wm O Bntkr ( I ffml C niton, Crnnoi, (loss 1 ishnifr
lUcrurd ¡<) Davii Din m Dm l.;bei , John u 11 vd
Gordon, Graneei, Hains lit pkins, Wi'liam W li \ in 1 dm
W Jones, Rohert Mel lellan, Malloiy, Allied Maislull, Medill,
Miller, Osborne, Parmentei, Profiit, Ridgway, Rigge, Roose-
velt, Wm. Russell, Sanfoid, Shaw, Slade, Steenrod, Tillmg-
ÍÍ^Í! "i?""' Tomlinson, Trumbull Van Buren, Washington,
Welter, Thos W. Williams, Wise, Wood, and Augustus Young
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the House resolve
itself into Commt tee of the Whole, for the pur-
po«e of taking up the pay and mileage bill.
Mr PROFFIT moved that the House adjourn:
rej-ced—ayes 60, noes 63.
Mr. FILLMORE moved a reconsideration of
the vote just taken on h s motioa by which the
fortification bill was laid on the table; and desired
the motion to be eniered Tbis mot on (he ob-
served) was to bring the bdl wrrun the control of
the Hou>e.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturdav, August 13, 1842.
Mr. "WRIGHT presented a petition from citi-
zens of Vermont, praying that Congress will levy
a specific duty oa all descriptions of foreign wool,
and higher than is provided for in the bill lately
passed by the House: referred to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. BATES, frcm the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse íeports on House bills grant ng a
pension to Daniel Storey, for the relief of James
Deatley, for the relief of Mary R'pley, and on the
petition of John B. Laiteville for an increase of
pension, which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. B, also, from the s-il committee, reported
back, without amendment, ana with a recomiaen
datwn that it do fa 8, House bill entitled "An act
for the motease cf the invalid pension of John
Looney "
Mr. CALHOUN presented two petitions from
citizens oí Leen county, Florida, praying that that
Territory may be admitted as a State inte the
Union; and fcr a donation rf bad for State pur-
port: referred to the Judiciary Committre.
Engrossed bill supplementary to ''An act to pro-
vide for the adjus ment of titles to land in the town
of Detroit and Territory of Michigan, and for other
purposes," passed April 21,1806, was read the third
time, and passed.
Enfro^ed bill entitled An act making compen-
sation to pension agents, was read the third time,
and passed.
Engrossed bill en tided An act to establish a po-
lice for the protection of public and private prop-
erty in the c 'y of Washington, came up in oruer
for a third reading; and, having been read the third
time, and the question being;, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr CALHOUN rose, and was understood to say
that this was the firsd: attempt at combining the
public proceedings ¡uth the proceedings of the mu-
ll cipal autiioii'ies cí Washington. He believed
such a union would, in the end, result injuriously.
He had as kind feelings towards the city of Wash-
ington as any Sena or could have-, but he could
not give h.s ^anc ion to the bill. It was because
he entertained these kind feelings, (even if he had no
other reasons,) that he did not wish to see such a
union. He believed it would, m the end, make
ihe corporation utterly worthies?. He therefore
demanded the yeas and nays which were ordered
The question was ihe'i p >t, and <h  bill was
passed by the following vote-
's. CAS— Mesáis Aichci, B-itee, Bayai 1, IWnen, Conral,
Ciaft , Cu tenoen Dayion Evans, Gbaham, Hendeison, Ken,
Mi I Sir, Molt held, Pot I ¡is Pieslon, Smonons, Mintii ol Indiana,
Talimatge, White, and WooilbrK^e—¿\
N\Vss Mebsi Alien Benton, Calhoun, Clayton Cuthbeit,
km" Linn, MeR ihnts, i-mitn ©t Connecticut, Sturgeon,
1d.{pvi, V. lleox, \V Hllauis V\ oodouiy, and V ngl t—15
Oi motion 11 Air BA ¥7 RD, the ink. of 'He 1 in
,^ atr.ende ! to leal Ai pii to establish an aux
i a y mat b, for lhe purpose cf prottctmg ihe pub
le R'id p'iva e pvo'enj  n   the ciij of Watliug
ton.
¡Mr. fcEViER pr^sen^d - pe it, n from Kur
pors nscnifl vr Ia'>lt)!'be Ei'CUiiveD«i anrrent
prai rig >v a   h~ rtf vr~' n ia  he c >u " £cm HPFri
Hianun   ml, uiiu, rg  their  st'ary fr ii £500 o
6¡ '0    tn i' Le 6 neke.i on ,   as it.ej c ul t not u 'e
in the snidll ¿iron )   io   .' i h it Lad oeen rttiucfd
on'aed 'o i e m .he '   le
iVi! PRESTON, from th  Committee on ft'ili
Hr, AfT?n^, io which h .d been le'errtd the till
providing for the \ ayment of the Florida  mil tia
called into service ia the years 1839 and 1840, re-
ported the same back with an amendment; winds
was ordered to be printed.
The bdl for the extension of the provisions of
the pension laws was taken up as in committee of
the whole, ami read as follows:
A BILL to imend the acts of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six, and eighteen hundred and thirty eight, allowing pensions!
to ceuam widows
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Représenla'
tivesoflhe United Slates of America, in Congress assent-
bledt Thai the marriage of the widow, after the death of her
hu&band, for whose services she claims a pension under the act
ef the seventh of July, eighteen hundred and thirty eight, shall bar
no bar to the claim of such widow to the benefit of that actj
she being a wido .v at the time she makes application for a.
pension
Sec 2 And beH farther enacted. That the widows of suctt
officers and soldiers as have died since the passage of the acta
of the fourth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty six, and of
the seventh of July eighteen hundred and thirty eight, and tha
widows of such aa shall hereafter die, shall be entitled to pen-
sions under those acts, respectively, they being otherwise en-
titled thereto, and widows at the tune application for a pension
is made.
A discussion was had on the provisions of this
bill. Mr. BATES eiplaiBed and defended it; and
Messrs. PHELPd and GRAHAM took exception
to the second section particularly, which, they be-
lieved, wou'd greatly extend the present pension
system.
Messrs. WRIGHT and CALHOUN opposed
the bill generally, arguirg that it would extend the
pension system beyond anything yet known; that it
went farther even than the Government was willing
io go when the other pension bills passed, and
when the treasury was overflowing with money;
that it would cause to be placed on the pension roll
all widows of revolutionary soldiers, without re-
gard io the time of marriage, or to the fact of sec-
ond marriage; and entitled such as had received
five years' pension under the law of 1838, to pen-
sions, commt nemg from the period fixed in that
act, regardless of the amount which they had al-
ready received; that it would take an immense
amount of money out of the public treasury, which
the condition of the fLcal affairs of the Govern-
ment would tot justify They maintained that it
was time to put a stop to the pension system, rather
than to extend it.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the second sec-
tion, by adding the following, so as to pieveot the
reception of doable pensions in any case, viz.
Provided, That any amount of pension which may have
been allowed to the husbands for any period subsequent to the
4th of March, 1836, shall be deducted from the pension allowed
hereby.
Mr. BATES contended that the second section
wonld not have tbe effect to allow a double pen-
sion.
Messrs. WRIGHT and PHELPS maintained
that it wonld have that effect.
The question was then taken on the proviw, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. GRAHAM moved to strike out the Sscond
section, as amended;and
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
After a few further remarks by Meisrs.WRlGHT
and CALHOUN, against the bill-
Mr. BUCHANAN said it would not be denied
but that he carried out, ¡n practice, his principles
i f retrenchment and reform as umform'y as any
o.her member < f the Senate; He had always been.
disposed, notwithstanding, to make an «iception in.
favor ot the widows if levolutionary ofheers and
s< Idier . lie svished the Senate distinctly to un-
derstand thai this bill d d not propose to extend tha
bencfi's cf <.• e act of July, 1838, to those widows
who 1 ad abefdy received pensions for five years,
undi r its pr< v.*ions The Commit'ee on Pensions
had reported fgam t any ruch extension, and wa
vi p'e compt I e 1 to submit. For his own part, what-
ever might have been said originally ag<>ijst the
ftopnety i f'hat law, upon the ground that these
w idows wete not mained till after the c o e ot the
revolul onary war, he tvt uld now cheetfully vote
to cxte'.d ik provisions. Tne objects ot yi ur
boun'y weie older and moie helple'snow, than V ey
hid teen wl en you fift granted it, and, al er bav-
írg enjo>e„ n for five jear=, would now e* 1 the
vtri'< t it n.o-e sensibly iban if they never had
cjo.>cd it a*  i'. But thct was at present, oa of
ti e question.
