8se
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
What, then, weie the provisions of the present
lull? It had been decided at the department that
s widow, in all other respects entitled to the bene-
fits of the act of 1838, should be deprived of her
pension if she had married again after the death
of the revolutionary officer or soldier to whom she
was previously married. The question then was,
whether, by any just construction of this act, a
second marriage ought to have deprived her of its
benefits? The late Senator from Vermont, [Mr
Prentiss,]—who was now adorning a judicial sta-
tion, and would adorn any public station in which
he raigfit be placed—had made a long and able re
port, contesting the construction of the department,
and had proved conclusively that he was right, and
they were wrong. The Senate had already adopted
the principles of this report m two special cases,
and had decided that, under such circumstances, a
second marriage ought not to deprive the widow of
her pension. The first section ot this bill merely
made this construction applicable to all cases under
similar circumstances.
What was its second section? The act of the 4 h
of July, 1836, gave pensions for life to such widows
of revolutionary officer and soldiers as were their
wives during the revolutionary war. It was deem-
ed just by Congrsss to grant such pensions to those
who had remained at home, taking care of the fam-
ily, and providing for its subsistence whilst their
husbands were in actual service defending the
country. In their sphere, ihey had suffered as many
privations and hardships as their husbands What-
ever might be said in regard to the widows pen-
sioned under the act of 1838, the pensions to these
truly revolutionary widows had met the entire ap
probation of the country. He presumed no Sena-
tor could possibly feel any hostility to these pen-
sions. But, under the construction (and he believed
the correct construction) of the act of July, 1836, if
ibe revolutionary officer or soldier had b en fortu-
nate enough to survive the date of ito passage, and
had lived till after the 4th of July m that year, his
■widow was deprived of her pension. Was there
any good reason for th s distinction' A lady who
had lived with her husband from the year 1783
until his death, if he died before the 4th of July,
1836, was entitled to a pension, but, if he died after
that day, she was excluded This distinction was
founded neither in justice nor reason The second
section of the bill abolished it, and gave to the revo
lutionary widow the same pension—no matter
■whether her husband had survived the 4 h of July,
1836, or not. It was objected ihit this eriensn n
would be a serious buiden to ihe treasury Bui,
was this possible? Such widows must have been
married during the revolutionary wai Take tee
year 1783, as too latest period when they could
have been married, and supposes them to have
been then twenty-one year  oí ag*, the youngist
of them must now have attained the age of eighty
There could now be but tew survives, and these
were all tottering on the bank of the grave Ibe
expenditure, then, could not be great to ^rant tn<>m
the same pensions as though their husbands had
died before to* 4tb of July, 1836 Bn, even if
this were not the case, the distinción was arbitrary,
unjust, and cruel, and ought to be ubolished fhe
second section of the present bill would accomplish
this purpose. It wou'd also accomplish another
It would bestow Ihe benefits of ihe ac of July,
1838, on those widows whose husband? hai
died after th"" date of Us passage, n tr>e sam-
manner that it bad already b en bestowed on
widows whose husband-, hid died befi re th  pa -
sage of the act The pensnrs under ilns act were
but for five years. This distinction wa clearly
unjust, and could not be sustained It wa estib
Jisaed not upon the justice of thecasr—not upon
ihe merits and claims of t -e wuow if th  revoiu
tionary officer or soldier—but upon the mere arbi-
trary fact ot whether their husbandt had d ed be
fote or after a particular day Toe si cord section
of the bill would correct tris absurdity
He should vote for the parage of this bi'I with
very great pleasure Whilst he had sternly op-
posed ¡he addition of ninety icoe and do'lar  per
annum to ihe pay of the pursers in ihe navy, and
a 1 unnecessary additioa to the number of the
officers of the marine corps, he could not find it ¡n
his heart to refuse th s relief to these feeble relics
of the revolutionary age, now on the brink of life,
and most of ihem in indigent circumstances. He
would smooth their path to the grave, by all the
means within hu power.
The question was then taken on striking out the
second section, and resulted in the am mauve—
yeas 22, nays 15, as follow-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Benton, Berrien, Calhoun,
Clayton, Crafts, Cnttenien, Cuth.bi.rt, Dayton, Tulton, Gra
ham, Henderson Kerr King McRobeits Mangum, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Williams, Wright and Young—22
NAYb—Messrs Bateb, Buchanan, Evans Huntington, Mil
lei, Morehead Phelps Porter Simmons Smith oí Indiana,
Tallmadge, White, Wilcox, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—IS
The bill was then reponed to the Senate, and the
amendment adopted by the committee was con-
curred in, and the question being, Shall the amend-
ment be engrossed, a> d the bill read a third time2
Mr. CALHOUN, believing the bill would greatly
extend the pension system, demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordeied, and tbe question being
put, it was carried in the affirmative—yeas 24,
najs 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messis Bates Bayard, Berrien, Buchanan Clayton,
Comad Crittenden Day to i Evans Giaham, Huntington Ken,
Miller 'Woreheai Phelps Porter Simmons temith of Indiana,
Tallmadge, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbndge, and Wood
bury—24
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhoun Crafts, Cuthbert,
Fulton Henderson King McEoberts Mangum, Sturgeon Tap
pan, Wnght and Young—14
THE CONTINGENT APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. EVANS moved the postponement of a1!
other business, for the purpose of taking up the
contingent appropriation bill, which was agreed
to, and the bill further providing for appropriations
to defray the expenses of Congress, and for other
purposes, was laken up as in committee of the
whole, and, vith the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance, read
The first three amendments were merely verbal
corrections The next amendment was to the 1st
section, authorizing additional e'erks to be enip'o>-
ed in the depart-rients, where three are a'lotted for
the office of the Silicitor of the Treasury a* $1,100
each, to add "and one law clerk at $1,500 "
Mi WRIGHT asked how it happened ihatfour
new clerks were required for that cffici'
Mr EVANS «id this was no addition, it was
only legalising tue addition heretofore made, but
differently paid
Mr WOODBURY pointed tut the difference
now created Heretofore, the additional or super-
numerary clerks were only allowed $1 000 each
this appropriation gives thiee of them $1,150 each,
and the fourth $1 500.
Mr EVANS did r t k iow whs  had Leen the
^ah íes The office of 'a-; e'e k was required to
be tilled by a good lawyer , tí e remuneration was
very moderate
Ihe amendment was adopted
Eight other arf-ndmen s were then successively
explained and adonted
The 13tn amendment was to appropriate §1,000
for purchasing and prepanrg mi'ic? to the nanu
script paper-, ot the Ooogre of lhp Confederation,
and t) the Wash ngton paper , d"posi ed in the
Depai ment if State
M* EVANS «pl-uned 'hat ihe proposed « d ees
wot id gnaily <\ci Kate the scru m> into ah claims
fourd ü tn hf> ¡ran actions ot that pe lod, and
wou'd be a 1 ey t-> a v..st deal of useful and neces-
sary ir formation
Mi   WOODBURY said ¡f the írdices of ¡he jour-
iia's of die Cm edTat oi, and ot ihe Washington
Pajirs, had   not been  pub   hed  il'fd^j,   there
m ght be son e piopr et, i.t^i 'cosmor!     But
ill cl-ed tto much   ike a job, 'o get payment tor
trie udex made by the gentleman  v ho pub'isbed
he  Wa hirgion  p?ptr      Cut gre<=s hat  rlaat'j
c )i ribtted jJ25,l 00     lis d d n it hi t to   ee in the
ublif papers puh o ¡ psor ipjun„ ions aga rs>re-
ub    e ng  ho^e oris na' p¿vrs, ?s it t"ie pubh^er
the LiU of ?/■> bin? on nad an exe nsn e r ght o
i °n<
Mr EVANS neii icned me vi laminas ra'ure
t the documents, not inclu^cj i   .ir^tnrr >-uo-
h°C It was ot th  utrro t construe ieL (Kit a
i met index ot those documents should be pre-
pared
Mr. PHELPS made a few remarks, after which,
Mr. EVANS requested a letter from ihe chair-
man of Revolutionary Claims ui the House of Rep-
resentatives to the Secretary of State might be
read
The letler was read accordingly.
Mr. HUNTINGTON considered this letter a
strong evidence of the necessity for the index It
appeared to him to be conclusive that nothing
could be more econtmical, it would save thousands
of dollar*, by the facility it would give to the scru-
tiny of claims on Congress
Mr   PHELPS did not concur in these views.
The amendment was, however, adopted
The next was to increase "$100 for labor," in
the Navy Department, to ' $350 "
Mr EVANS explai ¡ed ihe necessity for this
amendment, and it was adopted.
The next was, m the appropriations for the
Treasury Department, to increase the sum of
" $1 500, for extra clerk-hire, to " $3,000 "
Mr EVANS, in explanation, hanued in a letter
from the department, which was read.
Mr CRITTENDEN observed that he had no-
ticed, in the 5ih section of ihe bill, an additional
clerk allovied to the Secretary ot the Treasury, at
$1 800 salary He thought that was going far
enough at the present time It would be best, he
believed to postpone this other addilitional clerk
at $1,500 till better times.
¿Vlr EVA MS explained that those clerks were
required ior different purposes
Mr WOODBURY observed that, heretofore,
there had been a necessity for an extra clerk at
§1,500 silary, but of late he bad understood, from a
source which left r>o doubt on his mud of the fact,
that an additional duty had grown up within the
last two yesr«, which required thiee additional
clerks that duty was the registering and answer-
ing of applications for effice.
Mr EVANS explained that great lacrease of
business had grown up, pa tly from the increased
bus'n<*ss of Congres , dependent on information to
be furnished irom the department
After a few remarks from Messrs CRITTEN-
DEN and WOODBURY,
The amendment was rejected.
The next was to m«ert '$100 for sealing ships'
reg s'ers," which was agre«r! to
The next was to raise the sum appropriated for
the office of the Surveyor General of Arkansas
trom $1 000 to $,2 000—being an increase of the
Surveyor General's salary.
The amendaiert was agreed to.
The next sa3 to increase t^e sum for blank
books, b ndmg and stationary in the Auditor's of-
fice < f the Post Ofhce Department, fiom $1 700 to
$2,076 68.                      *
Thi  was adopted
The rext was to add after the forrgomg, "for
prmiina blanks, §811 50," and severaj smail
amen mei ts     All of «hidi were agreed to.
The next  was in thf appropriatu n for the  Post
Office  Department,  in  wh ch v nous changes in
^moun -,  were p opo ec, the most material was to
i creí e  ih   stm   "kr extra   cleikbie," from
$«00" to «$3 000 "
Mr EVANS exp am<>d ih<* necessity for these
amendments
I oey wi=re adopted
Th" next was foi cjinage expenses at the mint
at Dah'onepa, to raí e tie sum apprrpnafd, from
J>600 to §900, which was adopted
The n*xt was to strike out $19 625 20 for warm-
it g and v entila rig 29 ooms &x d 4 corridors in the
ba«ement of the Treasury bui ding, and ptepanng
them for occupation, accor'irg to the r Ian, and
up„n trie te'ms prop seJ to ti e ( ctnni irnerof
Pabilo Bjiloiugs, by John Skervi ig.
Mr EVANS ex la red mat,since ile c mmittee
bad reroiteu thi> arendment, he hsd learned that
i ese roí 'S were m w almost u<ek?s , m conse-
lucnce o' being avrk and dan ,,, and tha' tuis gen-
lei i it u>iderUkLb o ectify their defects His
I Ian bed been tried somt when, else, and proved suc-
c ssfui More 1oonis pre wanted, and the ques-
tion wss, whether lb1 experiment should b  tried.
He wa  not very tt nacious whether the arnendmsnt
should be adopted or not.
