CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            86*
in the possession of the Executive, "from any source, relating
to tho subject."
When the subject was last up, the previous
question had been ordered.
Mr, W. W. IRWIN moved to lay the whole
subject on the table.
This monon was decided in the negative—ayes
61, noes 105.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the ques-
tion, "Shall the main question be now put?" and
resulted—yeas 96, nays 69.
The House then amended the original resolution,
by adding, on the motion of Mr. C4RUTHERS,
the words "or heads of departments" to the first
resolution, which set forth that the H-.use ot Rep-
resentatives had the right to call upon the Execu-
tive (and, as amended, "or heads of departments")
for information, &c
The next amendment in order was one bere'o-
fore proposed by Mr. Everett, as a substitu.e for
the series of ¡eso'u ions reported by the Cotn-aittee
on Indian Affairs, as follows:
"Resolved, That the reasons assigned bv the Secretary of
War, in Ins letter of the 1st of June, for d clmmK to comply
with the resolution of this House of the Í 8th of May last, are
notsatisfactoiy to this House "
Mr. POPS called for the yeas and nav-; aad
they were ordered, and resulted—veas 62. nays
104
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolutions.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN called for the yeas and
nays, and tin y weie ordered.
Mr PROFFIT called fui a d.v>un, so that the
vole maht be taken on each resolution sepaia'ely.
Mr. WISE rose when the quest on was pat on
the fir^t ¡esolutioii, which was declaratory of the
n-ht of the Hoase to call upon ihe Executive and
heads of departments for such information as was
in their po-session relating to a subject of the ¿e
liberation of ti e House,—and asked to oe excused
from voting. He said, for tha resolution, as an
abstract proposition, unconnected with anyth.i-g
else, he should «.heeifully vote, he could not vo'e
against it; snd yet, it he voted for r, he should
seem lo casi a reflection m a case where no reflec-
tion ought to be cast.
The House excused him by a vnajouty of 63 to
59
Mr. W. W. IRWIN sa.d he would withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays on thefirst resolution,
and let them apply to the subsequent resolution .
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman could
not withdraw the call, as the yeas and nays bad
been ordered bv the House.
Mr. EVERETT inquired if the question could be
taken separately—fir^t on the branch of the resolu-
tion declaratory ot the right of the Hot^e to call
upon the Executive, and afterwards on the right to
call upon the neads of departments.
The SPEAKER r. plied in the negative; the
House having pa sed upon that qaes'ion when it
amended the resolution on the niu inn t f tne gen-
tleman from Tennessee ["Víi. Carüthí,rs ]
The question wa= then taken on the adoption of
the first resolution, and le^uited in yeas 142, mj .
8, as follows:
YEAfc Messis Adams, LandaíT W Andiews, ^heilorfrjl
Andrews, Arnold, Am ston, Atherton, Babcock, Rtkei,Iiai
narl, Birton, B^eson liidlaek, Bndseye Blan, Huuhnan
Borden, Boils ¡Xíoyil Biewstei, lirockwiy, Aaiort V llrown,
Milton Brown, Jeremnh Brown iiiuke WnliimO Bulle!,
Green W C ldwell, Patuck C Caulvn.ll, William B Ca j
bell, 1 horn is J Campbell, Caiuth< i , Caiy Cisty, Chiten
den, JohnC Clu It, Cliff ud Liu ion James Conpci, Mnl A
Coopei (owen, Ci mston, (ravens, Daniel Gaiietl Dms,
RlchaidD Divis Debenv,Dog, John Kdwaid , 1 e«rndci
Filhmue, A L Foster, Gentry, Oerrv, Git1 hn_&, G >2gm
Gord m Gre^o, (Inline Jla sieil Hopkins Jfoiok, Housto t
Howard, Hub ml, Hudsin, Challes J In^eiboll, lo-enh R In
eersol!, Jam s livm, James, Cive Juhrson, T VV J, i ■.
Keim, John P Kennedy, King, Lmn, Annlni i \k( lelhn
McKay Mckennan, McKeon Mallory, Jtuchand, A tul
Marshall,-anibon Misoti, Muhint, Mai hew- Vlattocks, M i\
well, Mayuaid, Mtdlll, Millei Miin,,Mn sin, Mm Mti
row, fsewhaid Ow-dty, Payne, Peaice, Pendieron Plum
Pope, Poweil, Rim ey Uci | Randall, Altxai del Ran ' ill
Randoljh, Reding, itadgway, Rt£g  W Russell, J M lu s
sell, Saltorttall, sljde, Biter ,  pii s •-taiily Mini I,
Stiatton, Alevindei H li Stuart, John T Mujm, ¡sunn,. <•
Sweney, Tahafeiro, J >liu B Thompson, lillinglnst Toluid,
Tnplelt, Iruuibull, Tnney, X ndeiwood, Van Rui eln.r
Wallace W irren, Wail ington Watterson, Well r, E Iwaid
D White, Joseph I White, Mioma  W. Willi una, Wo, d,
Yorke, and John Young—112
NAYS—Messrs Blue*, Cujung, William W Iiwm, Ro'i
eit McClellan, Proflit, Reynold , Sanfoid, and Van Buien—8
Mr. GORDON here submitted an amendment; '
but it was ruled out of order, the previous question
having been ordered.
0<i taking the question on the second resolution,
the result was—yeas 93, nays 64, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Ar
nold, Aycngs, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, BirJseye,
Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts Boyd, Brockway, Aaron V
Brown, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Thomas J Campbell,
Caruthers, Casey, Chittenden, John C Clai k, James Cooper,
Cowen, Cranoton, Garrett Davis, Deberry, John Edwards,,
Everett, Fessenden, 1 dlmoie, A L Foster, Gentry, Giddmgs,
Goggin Green, Hall, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R Ingersoll,
James Irvin, James, Keim, John P Kennedy, Lane, Linn,
McKcnnan, S Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard,
Moore, Morgan, Osborne, Owsley, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey
Benjamin Randall, Ale-ander Randall, Randolph, Ridgway,
Rodney, Wm Russell, James M Russell, Saltoastal], ¡jlade,
Truman Smith,Soller*, Stanly Rtratton, A II H Smait, John
T Stuart, Summers, John B Thompson, Tllhnghast, Toland,
Tomlmson, Tnplett, Trumbull, Turney, Undeiwood, Van
Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren, Wash.ngton, Joseph L Wii
hams Yorke Augustus Young, an ljolm Voung—93
NAYS —Messrs An ine'on, Atherton, Beeson, Bowne,
BrtwoLer, Burke, Green W Caldwell, Patuck C Caldwell,
Clifford Clinton, Coles, Mark A Cooper, Cushmg, Daniel,
Richard D Davis, Dawson, Doan, Drag, Esrbert, Gerry, Wil
ham O Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Hubard, William W Irwin, Cave Johnson,
John W Jone= Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, Mc
Kay, McKeon, Mai clianJ, Alfred Marshall, Medill, Newhard-
I'ayne, Plumer, Pope, Proflit, Reding, Reynolds, Rlffgs,
Rogers, toantoidj Saunders, -diaw, Shields, Snyder, Sprlgg,
Steenrod, Sumter, ¡sweney, Tahalerro Jacob Thompson, Van
Buren, Watteaon, Weller Joseph L White, and Wise—64
The question was then taken on the third resolu-
tion, and carried—yea? 83, nays 60, as lollows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Shei
lock J Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard,
Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Butte, Brockway, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Wm O Butler, Wm B Campbell,
Ihomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Ga=ey, Chittendui, JohnC
f lark, James Cooper, Cuwen, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett
Davis, Deheny, John Edward , Pessenden, r.llmsre Gentry,
Gogein, Grander, Gieen, Hall, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R
Ingeisoll, Jame , John P Kennedy, Lane, Linn, Mehennan,
Samson Mason, Mattocks Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan, Os
home, 0 -l y, Pen helo i Powell, Alexander Randall, Ran
dolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Willi un llus>ell, James M Rus:,i 1,
feakon^tall, Truman Sniuh, Sollei^, Manly, Stratton, John T.
Stuart, SummeiS, Tlllinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Tnplelt,
Trumbull, Turney Undeiwood, Van Renoselaei, Warren,
Washington, Joseph L White. Christopher H Williams,
Yorke, Augustus \oung  and John Yourg—83
NAYS—Messrs, Arrmgton, Atherton, Bowne, Boyd, Burke,
Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell,Staley IV Clarke, Clintou,
Coles, Mark A Cooper, Cushing, Dunicl, Richaid D Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Doig, Egoert Wm O Goode, Gordon, Hays,
Hopkins, Houck, Huoard, C J Insersoll, William W Irwin,
Cave Johnson, John W Jone , Keim, Abraham McClellan,
RobertMcClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marrhand, Alfred
Marshall, Mathews, Medill, Newhard, Payne, Pope, Proffi,
Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, ftanlord, bhaw, shields, Snyder,
Sprigs Steenrod, Sumter, Swency, Taliaferro, Jacob Tnomp
son, Watterson Weller, James W Williams, Joseph L Wil
Iiams, and Wise—60
The mornmsc hour having expired—
Mr. YORKE called up his motion, entered yes-
terday, to recon-ider the vote on rejecting the bill
to provide payment for horses and other property
lo^t m the military set vice ot the United States.
Mi. Y. then called tor the previous que? ion, under
the operation of which, the rteonsidefation was or-
deied, and thebdl brought before the Hou^e on the
qjpstion of its passage.
Mr. STANLY moved to recommit it to the
Military Comnitic, wi h instructions.
Mr WM B. CAMPBELL male some remarks
in mpoiiHori to the rrc'ion
Mr TURNEY strenuously opposed ¡he motion,
?>id contend d t'lii on every principle of juMicOjthf
bil ought 'o pst?s No gentleman had oñer^d tny
oojecnois to ue merits of the bill—<>nd, n f?ct,
dono ronld bt offered ¡no or> v cau e of its r'j-c-
urn biiiK" that it was no pfot il¥ undei^tood
Mr HOPKINS eailr 1 lor the previous ques-
tion, wnion, U'iD>, seconded, cut oil the motion (oi
¡ecom xiit i e.'l; ia,', the ma n question hAvin¿ been
i rd rod n.' d tUr-n, lue Di 1 «as pa ^ed.
fvlr. ARNOLD moved mat tne House resolve
i seif >..to 0 m i itc of tn^. Whole a the > 'a'e c i
tl>t Union, ii crac. <o t.u« up Lt re Kncbnifni
b'll
iVi    J. YOUNG a kco1   or t11 yeas -nd na>« <  
ih-   i  i "'i   'o go  in o C, rnmi'iee (t   the Whnl
A  co i ,  v.     'lit, ,'..d   «esnta   C2  to 86—to
quo- ai
M' ARNOtD mo el a ^a'U. h.Htc II 
it!  :—ayes 10, noes 83.
Mr     i.ARNARr'  ^,. .e   i l.ce „iat h-   tai.
uwve to tr,ke up the ii-iueciiai ] 1st ce b lt Hl,eic.t.
the fiors2 n-i i >iito Commii'tc of the Who'e
The vo p '«a-, i"lz-i and tne Heti'e r^tu ed K
rtsol.i i -c!f mti Cjmmutec ot (he Whole
Mr. COWEN inquired what was the order of
the day?
The SPEAKER replied that the private calendar
was now in order
MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS.
The bill for the relief of the Missouri volunteers
called out by the Governor, was taken up; and the
question recurred on the amendment made thereto
by the Committee of tne Whole.
Mr FlLLMORE desired to know the facts on
which the bill was founded.
Mr. WM. O BUTLER answered him, and
went into the merits of the case.
Mr. STANLY addressed the House fir some
time in oppo«inon to the bill.
Mr J C.EDWARDS said he did not object to the
course of tre g°ntleaian from Nor h Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly ] That gentleman had the power, by
his single objection, to keep the bill in Committee
of the Whole during the session; but, when we were
last in committee on private biUs, that gentleman
had consented to let the bid go to the House with
an amendaeLt, where the House, if. it chose to
do so, could disegree to the amendment, and re*
store the bill as it stood originally. He hoped the
House would disagree to the amendment, and pass
the bill as it came trora the Committee on Military
Affair .
He said there appeared to be no objection to
paying the two companies ordeied out in 1829.
The objection wa? to paying the four companies
ordered out m 183G. At the time these last com-
panies weie ordered out, a tract of country, aver-
aging m width sixty or eighty miles, and running
along the who.e norlhem bolder of the State of
Mfsouh (except a small portion in the northeast
coiner, on the Mississippi river) remained unset-
tled. The Indians, in opposition to the wishes of
the citizers, and in onposition to the instructions
cf the Supenn endejtof Indian Affairs and their
agen's, made frequent hunting excursions into
this section oí country; and in these huntmg ex-
cursions, they killed the stock, and molested the
settler5, and thus frequently came in collision with
the whites. In this case, some murder  were com-
mitted; the inhabi ants were thrown into conster-
nation; the men, women, and children were a'arm-
ed, and many of them were retiring to the interior
settlements. Runners were started to the Execu-
tive, wuh reports of the murders, the number of
Indians, and the dangers to which the settlers were
exposed. In this state of the case, he was bound
to act at once, and without waiting to ftivestigate
the whole matter If he had waited till the Indi-
ans had overrun the settlements, he would h?ve
been guilty of gross neglect It was his duty to
act promptly, and he did so But it is objected
that he oidced out too many troop,. He ordered
out but four hundred, and it was very reasonable
to suppose that the Indiana numbered as many, or
more. He would ask for tne read ng of the evi-
dence in the case; but hs supposed tne House
would pater the statement of those who had read
n. It vvas true that, when ihe case came to be
fullv invest gated, it turned eut to be somewhat
different from that presented to the Executive; but
the Executive had tj acton the case as it was given
to him. He hoped me House would disagree to
the amendment oí the committer, anl pass the
bill.
Mr. ARNOLD oppo= d the bill with much
csrnestrcss In it course of his remarks, he
took cecasi n to denoam e U as en.  of the thousand
stale c oi in , vh'cs bad o, en bem 'ejtcted, but
ttheba "i omii>iil Whig mpjonty" was about to
al'oA Tne numerous ¡.Id m  pies'fd upon Con-
g-e s (ai d vvb di it seeded willing to allow, al-
tnough ihe.L w<-s n't a do lar in the treasury) re-
 .i„ dedaua of th« b.iiKupt, v ho vras ever ready
to give a s note oi any amount. H censured the
Wh g ¡eadc c, and the hk-j rity b\e, for 'be course
they weie phi u'rg, ard declare' that he would
not subtnit to th"ir ¿f ation. Whi'st tne party
bad niai'e tho rcost solen u pledges ot re-
t'enehment before tbacoin'ry, lh y now would
net even alio v h m, pn humb'e member, the
poor pnvileao of tue jeas and nays on li-
king uo a fi'l which hi- iwi introduced. He de-
clared himself independent cf party, and acting only
