&90
on principle [In the course of these rema'ks, Mr
Fessenden, in an under tone, said: "You had bet-
ter join the guard."] Mr A. remarked that the
gentleman himself was, at any moment, prepared
to join the guard, wbqn he could get an office! On
that consideration, be had no doubt the gentleman
would now go over to the guard. Mr. A. spoke
for some time, deprecating the course of the ma-
jority, and complaining that they would show no
favor to any one who made any movement towards
retrenchment.
Mr. FESSENDEN followed, and replied to the
remarks personal to himself. He denounced some
of the ssntiments proclaimed b/ the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Arnold] as cut-throat, and
destitute of moral and honorable principle. The
gentleman should not dictate to him. He had often
heard it remarked, tbjit those who were loudest m
proclaiming their own patriotism, were not always
•those who possessed the greatest degree of it.
Owing to the peculiarity of his position, he had
sat still during the remarks of the gentleman, but
would not do so again The remark he made to
the gentleman was m jest He concluded by
calling on him to promptly retract his assertion
that he (Mr. F ) would take an office, or adduce
the proof.
Mr. ARNOLD made some remark", staling how
the affair between himself and the gentleman fiom
Matne had commenced, and what his views were
about patriotism, party spirit, men of lofty bear-
ing, jests, and quarrels Some further words
passed between him and Mr F , (apparently ex-
planatory,) but they were not heard amid the up-
roar, confusion, laughter, and general appearance
of merriment that pervaded the hall.
Mr. COWEN moved the previous question,
which wai sustained by the House.
The question was then stated to be on the first
amendment oí the Committee of the Whole
Tellers were demanded, and they reported 51 in
the affirmative and 44 in the negative—being 'ess
than a quorum.
Mr. BOARDMAN, Mr LINN, and others mov-
ed an adjournment, which was carried, and the
House adjourned at ten minutes past 3 o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, August 15,1842
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from
Jackson couniy, Florida, praying the admission of
that Territeuy as a S ate into the Union, and a do
nation of Hind for State purposes referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment, House
bill entitled An aci to eontum trie sales of public
lands in certain cases. The bill was postponed,
and made the order of the day for to morro v, and
the amendment was ordered to be printed.
Several adverse reports, of staudmg committee,
on private claims, were concurred in.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from Ame-
lia county, Virginia, remonstrating against the pas
sage of a tariff for orotection, and again t any legis-
lative action that shall alienate the proceeds of the
public lands from the national treasury ordered to
he on the table, and be Dnnted.
On motion of Mi. RIVES, the Senate proceeded
to the considera'ion of executivc bu'iii <s and, af-
ter a short time spent therein, resumed the consider-
ation oí legislative business
On motion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, the Seriate
took up,as in cornmntee of the woole, the oil1 to pro-
vide for ascertaining and disposing of the lead min
eral lands m tA States of Illinois and Arkansas, and
the Territories ot Wisconsin ana Iowa, and hav-
ing b°en amended in several particulars on the
motion of Mr. S ,
Mr LINN spoke at some length, showing the
propriety and ímpo'Unce op pas-sin  a bill dispo
sing of these lands, but argued that the present b 11
was too illiberal and unjast to the settlers—con-
sidering the hardships they had to endure in s t-
tl.ng this country—in requiring them to pay jj2 50
par acre for this land, instead of $1 25, the price
of o.her lands
Mr. SMITH oí Indiana replied at some length,
maintaining that the pnce of ¡and was fixed in the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bi 1 as low as was desired by the se t cr-, and
much lower than was recommended by the depart-
ment, which thought the mimtrnm price should be
$10 per acre.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendments of the commitsee were concurred in,
and having been engreí sed, the bill mas read the
third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Johnson K. Rogers was
taken up, as in committee of tne whole, consider-
ed, and, after some discussion by Messrs. MORE-
HEAD, KING, GRAHAM, and MeROBERTS,
was laid on the table for the present
The bill to authorize the adjus'm -nt of the claim
of the municipality No. 1 of the city of New Or-
leans to certain lands within said municipality,
and now in the occupation of the Uni'ed States,
was take  up, as in committee of the whole.
Mr CONRAD advocated its passage, and Mr.
WRIGHT opposed it, when
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to postpone its fur-
ther consideration till the next session of Congress,
and demanded the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered; and the question being put, it was carried in
the affirmati/e—>eas 36, nays 15.
Engrossed bill entitled An act for the payment of
the Florida militia called into the service in the
years 1839 and 1840, was read the third time and
passed
House bill entitled An act to amend the acts of
July, 1836 and 1838, allowing pensions to certain
widows, was read the third time and passed
Sevpral House bills were read twice, and appro-
priately referred
On motion of Mr KING, the bill for the r°lief
of Carrier W Weaver (wh'cb, on his motion, bad
been laid on the thble) was taken up, as in com-
mittee of the who'e.
Mr. BAYARD, who had before supported the
claim, said, on an examination, he bad ascertained
that it was ut'erly unfounded. He now expo>ed
the means used to procure its favorable passage,
and declared himself opposed to it.
Mr. YOUNG made some remarks, with a view
to show that the Senator from Delawaie [Mr. Bay-
ard] was mistaken
O i motion of Mr CRITTENDEN, fin bill was
laid on the table.
The bill to settle the claims of New Hamp-
shire for the services of her nvlitia, came up in
order, as in committee of the whole, and, without
being considered, was, on the motion of Mr. CRIT-
TENDEN, laid on the table.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. YOUNG called up for comidera ion the
resolution fixing Monday next for t1 e adjournment
of the present se sion of Congress. He thought it
was time (raving been in session almost n>ne
months) for Congress to close us session.
Mr PRESTON moved to lay the resolution on
the table He hoped, however," that by Thursday
next they would be prepared to consider it
Mr WRIGHT thought it was. time that some
day should be fixed tor the adjournment. Usttl it 
was done, proper effort* would not be made to
transact the business necessary to carry on the
operations of ife Government. He demanded the
jeas and n^ys, tb eh were ordered
Mr BUCHANAN said he v/oold no  vo e lo fix
a day tor the acijournmen', until he ha 1 given the
Hou <• fill ouoorlm ty to act on a re'erue ti'l
The ques i n v.>„s thei pu , and tbe resolution
w?, la d on th° table by tae following vote—yeas
23, nays 12:
\IAS— tie sri Aichei, Bale  Bayaul Benton, (Joiuen,
Bu ti mi! Ciioa e Giiyfon Co uj Cralls, tu tei kn, Pay
ton Lvarn, Hiiiuin=i i Kerr, Villtr, Morehead Poitor Pres
u    Rive   -.mull ji (ntiari ^pngup ii I Wo dbnlge-   ¿
NAIi — Mpssis Ba"by Calhoun Tulton llt,n iu on Mc
Rjberti Man°um bcviei Wa'kel, Wlllte W if ibmy Wn ht
anil ifüun^—12
Ihe bill fir tne relief o John Ua'erviocd was
consmered, <'s m co-am t ee oí thf ihj'e, and re-
p irted 'o   ic Sena e
Tf>e bill mvol/ed .i pr nup'e of co>ap^n a ion
forworn ¡jerforneJ by Mr UiVrwo-fi, exti- of
the services required ol htm as a clerk receiving;
$1,100 per annum.
Messrs. GRAHAM, HUNTINGTON, BU-
CHANAN, and WALKER defended the claim,
and Messrs. WRIGHT, WOODBURY, SEVIER,
and ALLEN opprsed it
Tne bul was then reported to the Senate: and
the question being, Shall the bill be lead a third
time?
Mr. SEVIER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and the question being put, u
wa« carried in the affirmative—yeas 23, nays 14.
Tne bill was thtn read the third time, and pass-
ed.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of cer-
tain settlers in the Territory of Wisconsin," was
taken tap as in committee ot the whole, amesded
on the motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, reported
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
Mr. ALLEN made an ineffectual effort lo have
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution introduced by Mr. Preston, proposing to re-
imburse to the treasury the moneys that may be
hereafter expended by the Federal Government in
extinguishing Indian litleb to land
Mr. A. gave rotice that he would renew the ef-
fort to-morrow, and demand the yeas and nays
upon it.
Hou<e bill entitled An act to authorize tbe se-
lection, of school ands in lieu of those granted to
ihe half-breeds of the Sac and Fox Indians, having
been considered as in committee of the whole, was
read the third time, and passed
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Chas.
F Sibbald (authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to  settle, on principles  of law and  equity,
whatever damage may have b=en done him in con-
sequence of an officer of the United States having
arrested him m cutting and sawing live-oak and
pine t'mber from his own land, and dispossessing     (
him for a long time of tbe Use of his tract of 4,000      ¡
acres of 'and) was taken up as m committee of the     }
whole.                                                                          ¡
Mr GRAHAM moved to amend it, by substi-
luting for it an entire bill, restrictive of tbe original     ,
one.                                                                             ,
Messrs.   GRAHAM,   KING,  MOREHEAD,
and PHELPS opposed the original bill, and ex-     x
pressed themselves favorably to the amendment;
but were more disposed  to have the subject refer-     J
red to the Treasury Department for a report of
damages, to be decided upon at the next session of     ,
Congress.                                                                     "
Messrs WALKER and HUNTINGTON de-     '
fended the bill as it stood.
Before making any disposition of it,                          „
On motion of Mr BUCHANAN,                            '
The Senate adjourned.                                         ^s\
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 15, 1942.
Mr. GREEN, from the  Committee on Public      ?
Expenditure*, made a report, which was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed
Mr STANLY also made a report from the Com-      *
mittee on Military Affairs, which was ordered to      1
b  printed.                                                                    ^
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.               *
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, pursuant to notice giv-       .
en a few days ago, a^ked permission to report a       '
bill, entitled " A bdl to meet all the current and      *.
contingent liabilities of 'be Government, by raising
revenue from  imports, to  benefit the grower of       ■
g'ain <-nd tobacco, by countervai'ing and recipro-
cal duties on articles specified, to prevent abuses in
the collect on  and disbursement of the revenues,       '
by squiring the gross amoun'  to be paid at oLce      *
into th" ireasury, to De drawn out oi ly by law, to
orevent defa'cat in«, by   reqmr ag  purchasers of      *
¡ub',c lands, and importers ot dutiable goods, to       "
lace ihe smoun   o  be  paii   the Government in
G vornm^n'dtpo«i ones, orn tbe reasury at once,       C
to ih<" cie^it of the Gner^meni, and to receive a       1
receipt of nsvn.eit from he rece vers upon pr-sent-       t
auon of 'hf cruf ca e of «uch Hcpc-si'e, to bentfit      4
the S'ates ar1 ,r"ifa^e 'ne c, pital of tbe natu n, by      ' 
ajthorizing the i« ue upjn tre fui h of the Gov-  %   *
pimped, of tvo hundr< a mi' iins of Government       Bi
stock cf oVnom nan rs oi  n< t le=s ihan one hun-      • 
dred nor exceeding one thousand dollars, to be di-       1
vided among the States the Territories, and the      h
District of Columbia,  upon the basis of federal      kg
