CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
Bomber , and to suspend the operation x>( the dis-
tribution of the proceeds oí the sales of the public
lands until the redemption of the stock by the Gov-
ernment "
Mr. BARNARD objected,
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON moved a suspen-
sion of the rules for the purpose of permitting him
to offer a resolution in the following terms.
Resolved, That a select commute  of — be appointed, with
instructions to consider the propriety of reporting the following
bill.
Mr. BARNARD objected to the introduction of
ihe resolution
The question was taken en the rao'ion to sus
pead$ which was negatived almost unanimously.
Mr. EVERETT asked the House to take up a
bill for the lelief of Joseph Parker; and it was
read a third time and passed.
Mr BARNARD moved that Ihe House resolve
itself into Committee of the Who's on the state of
the Union, his intention being to move that the
committee take up the remedial jus'ice bill.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. J. R. In-
geksoll took the chair
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the committee take
up the bill to reduce the pay of members of Con-
gress, &c.
Mr. BARNARD objectej; and remarked that
the House went into committee on his motion,
with a specific object.
The CHAIRMAN sa'd there was no bill before
the committee, and that he must entertain the mo-
tions m the order in which they were made.
Oiher gentlemen moved that various oiher bills
be taken up, but, alter some desultory discussion,
the question was taken on Mr. Arnold's mo-
tion; and it was negaUved by a majority of 79
to 56.
Mr. IRWIN moved to take up the bill making
appropriations for the Cumberland read in the
States of Oaio, Indiana, and Illino.s, and for cer-
tain harbors; for which 37 only Voted.
Mr BARNARD moved to lake up the bill to
provide further remedial justice in the courts of the
united Slates; which was decided in the affirmative^
by a majority of 79 to 76
Mr. BARNARD then proceeded to erplain the
objects, and lropouance, and necess'ty of the bill.
Mr. B. having concluded his speech,
Mr. C J INGERSOLL made some few obser-
vations, which, in convequence of ihe noise pre-
vailing in various pans of the hall, the reporter
could not catch. He was uider^tood, however,
to suzgest the propriety of lajmg the bill aside.
The chairmaa of the Judiciary Comini'lee be ob-
served, had aliud d,ia the course of his remarks, to
the treaty lateiy made with England; but how could
the gentleman know wnetber the treaty did or did
not toucti on this subject? He thought they should
wait a day or two, till they heard ihe result of that
treaty.
Mr. WISE hoped the bill would be laid aside, to
take up the navy bill.
The CHAIR said that, if no objection was made,
the biH would be laid aside.
Mr BARNARD said he could not consent to
that. He hoped th<> consideration of the bill wculd
be continued
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that the gentleman
would permit the bill to be laid asire to be reported.
Se/eral members expressed their dissent from
this course.
' Mr. FKSSENDEN observed that, it ihis -ubject
had been included in the negotiation lately con-
cluded wuh England, it would require a law to
carry out t! at part oí V. It vra  the eioie still
more nrcis, a'j ir.at the bill should b* arted on
now.
Tac CHAIR then stated that the question would
be on the poMponementof the further consideration
of the bul, and havu f, put that que=non, the count
having >-een nude by tellers, (Messrs Birdseye
and Boyd ) it was decided m the negative—ayes
74, noes 77
Mr. BARNARD moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. J. G. FLOYD sad he did not intend, when
he entered ihe House thi* morning, to have said
anything upon the bill now before the committee.
He «at nos prepared to discuss it at length, nor
d d he suppose it stood any chance of being acted
on at this late period of the present session. But,
inasmuch as a motion had been made to report it
to the House, he could not permit ihe qoeslion to
be taken without entering his protest against it.
If anything could surprise him, it was the attempt,
on the part of the majority, to str-p the Slates of
their sovereignty and independence. He thought
it was remarkable ihat his colleague [Mr. Bar-
nard] should be so anxious to have it passed__a
bill fraught with especial danger  to New York,
wi h its three or four hundred miles of frontier__a
bill which invited every petty Canadian officer to
come across the linep,and plunder and rob the peo-
ple of that State The bill provided that, if any
person should be held m custody for any act done
or omitted under any alleged right, whose validity
depends upon the laws of nations, he may, by the
order of the district judge, be brought before him,
and Ihe case taken ircm the State jurisdiction. It
was not necessary to remove the case to court, but
it might be heard by the judge at chambers. It
the criminal could make out that his offence was
not contrary to the laws of nations, he was to be
discharged.
Now, after the events which had happened on the
Nor'bern frontier, he asked if there was any offence
which might not be defended on grounds connect
ed with the laws of nations'? What was the ne-
cessity for this bill? And where the reason for
passing it in Mich a hurry, and without deliberation1!
Let it, he contended, be first shown in what man-
ner the Siate courts were incompetent. In the
case of McLeod, did not every one know that
he had every advantage and protection which any
criminal could have' Where, then, the necessity
for this strange law1*
His colleague [Mr Barnard] had argued the
constitutionality of the measure. He (Mr. F.)
would not argue the constitutionality of a b 11
fraught with such danger to the Slates. With
these remarks be would take his seat, and leave
the floor to some other gentleman who would
oppose the bill.
Mr. GORDON said he was as much surprised
and unprepared as his colleague [Mr. Floyd ]
He had come to the House that morning with the
expectation (which vas common) that the report of
the special committee on the veto, over which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Adams] pre-
sided, would be made and taken up for debate to-day
The minority, however, were kept m Ihe dark as to
the movements of the dominant party, and now, at the
bee' ot the session, were surprised at the introduc-
tion of a bill highly obnoxious in it  character, and
to debate which no opportunity was afforded.
Unprepared, however, as he was to discuss the
mensure at length, he would give his views briefly
and expictly upon it This bill, wi'h olhers
wh ch had been pissed, would, he thought, cele-
brate the present Congress for lisFederal propensi'ies
us high handed mea<ures, and Us encroachments
upon the Constitution What power was there,
of those claimed by the ola Federal party, that hsd
not oeen txercistd, or attempted to be exercised,
by the presen  Congreso It passedabill incorpora-
ting a B.'nk of the Um ed Slates—a meisure con
demned and repudiated over and ovtr again by the
people Ins e d of complying wi¡h thsir wishes,
it carried out the most high-handed measures which
11 vas capable of conceiving It ppssed a bank-
rupt law—not merely a measure affecting case;, of
bau'itup'cy, but an insolvent law, (he General
Govetnm'-nt assuming a power o er ihe contracts
otirdi/K'ua's, not grained to it bv ihe Constuu ion.
The law <vas rciriacive in i's cl^acier, sponging
the clebt^, and wiping a«ay the obligat gjs ot the
debtor lo the c eduor. Nor was t"o all ihat was
accrnip'isheá by tr-e rrajcity ot tv-e present re-
maikabh Co!)gre<s It a« it!iied the poser <o dis
(nbute properly and money. It la 0 violen" bands
upon ihe pirceeds o( 'r>« pubUc lands, and di« nb-
uiel incni from Ihe nauuii 1 >ie?otiry, truss?ne-
t.oniag a principle which must irevilably lead to
practical agranaaism between man and man Nor
was it contented with giving money to the States;
it also undertook to give money to individuals, and
appropriated $25,000 out of the public treasury, to
Mrs. Harrison, on tie pretence of paying for the
electioneering expenses of General Harrison.
Theie remained but one measure to consummate
the pracice of agrarian's —the distribution of the
property of índinduals
In the apportionment bill, too, new powers were
assumed. The power was assumed to authorize
and direct the States to district themselves—a
p>wer which, if it exist at all in the Federal Gov-
ernment, must be exercised by itself, and not be dele-
gated to an agent to perform. He referred to the
exercise of another power, which he considered un-
warranted, and which he regretted to see some of
his Democratic friends sustaining—the admission
of the {racional principle into representation.
(Here Mr. G was called to order, and advised
to confine himself to the bill before the committee.)
The crowning act to these several measures of
the majority was about to be consummated—and
that was, to rob the Stales of their jurisdiction.
Toe McLeod case was the occasion of the introduc-
tion of this bill. It would not have been brought
forward, if, notwithstanding the threats ot England,
Secretary of State [Mr. Webster] took it nponlhimself
New York had not iried that noted individual. The
to declare that the Federal Government had conlrol
over lhat case, and sent the Attorney General to
New York to superintend the trial. The people of
New York were unanimous They took but one
view of the case. They dectared that they had ju-
risdiction, and, what was more, they would exer-
cise it.
This, then, he contended, came to be a controversy
between the Secretary of State and the Judiciary of
a sovereign State. It was an attempttoovernde the
jurisdiction of a sovereign Stale, and, at its ex-
pense, to crown the Federal Secretary. But for
him, and the course he thought proper to pursue,
this bill never would have been heard of, and we
should have been content with those laws which
have exi-ted all along, and which have never been
found inadequate to any ca3e that has ever oc-
curred. This, therefore, he thought was a bill to |
cover the retreat of the Secretary, and put down '
the judiciary of New York.
How would the people of New York, of both
parties, who were to be left to the tender mercies
of the Fideral Government, regard this measure?
Ke ventured to assert that, if another case similar
to that of Alexander McLeod should occur
within her limns, and a Federal judge should at-
tempt to bring ihe accused before him by habeas cor-
pus, his authority would be nullified by the spon-
taneous action ot the people. There were already
laws enough to insnre the safety and liberty of the
citizen; and he ventured to assure the majority
here, that they would find ¡rouble enough m carry-
ing into execution ihe laws which they had already
passed. Toey would find it troublesome, indeed,
to cany out their apportionment act. He re-
minded ihem that the proudest monarchs generally
took care that none but wholesome laws were
passed. He fervently hoped and trusted that ihe
Union would endure. He did not believe that it
could easily be sundered, yet, should Ihese un-
happy controversies between (he Federal Govern-
ment and the Stales continue, he feared its days
were numbered, and its glory at an end It would
not resuii, if at all, from revoluuou, but from the
more peaceful ¡nodo of a nullification of the laws;
for the Government, shorn of its power, would be
of no eonseq .enee wnatever
Having glanced at fke origin and some of the
consequents of ih- bill, he would now say a few
wo db upon, the bill itself He then j'/ent into a
conatitutK rul and 1 sal a'gument, to slfow that the
pot ei ti> p«ss luis bill lav not in the Constitution.
Heq'KteJ ttom the second section of the third arti-
i e, to show the extent ot power granted by lhat m-
cirumentto the Fcdi-ial judicial}; and ihence ar-
gued ihat it did not have the power lo try crime 
committed in one Slate b> the citizens of another,
i rot an adjacent country, al hough it misbt try
civil controversies an in¿ between the citizens of
two Sutes o' nalions
Mr. SMITH ot Virginia said it was not his pur-
pose to debate thi  bid He well knew that its
fatewasaieady de'eimmed upon—in secret caucus,
no doub'—and nothing which he cou d say would
