8M                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
induce the majority here to alter their purpose of
passing it. The bill proposed to give the Federal
courts jurisdiction oyer the authority of our sover-
eign States, and was, in fact, just such a measure
as ail those for which the Federal party, in times
past, was distinguished. It was of a piece with
tbe alien and sedition laws, and had its origin and
foundation in a distrust of the States, whose au-
thorities were to bs superseded. He (Mr. S.) had
always laid it down as a cardinal rule, that no
power should be taken from the Sta'es, except
when it was absolutely necessary. In this case,
there was no just reason or pretext whatever for
this curtailment of State authority The bill had
its origin in the McLeod case. In that matter the
conduct of the New York authorities was charac-
terized by equal impartiality and ability. This
bill, therefore, was an insult to the Siate, and the
whole proceedings founded on fraud.
After some further remarks, he concluded by
saying-he had simply risen to <nter his protest
against the passage of the bill, knowing that it
would be useless to argue against a measure which
had been settled in another assemblage, and vih'ch
was only introduced here in order to comply with
the forms of the Constitution.
Mr. EVERETT addressed the committee ; but
his remarks were indistinctly heard by the re-
porter.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia replied to the remarks
of the gentleman from Vermont ; but he was very
imperfectly heard. He was understood to avow
hie astonishment at the expression of opinion to
which he had jast listened Irom the gentleman
from Vermont, and to slate his own views of
State rights and Federalism. He defended the
States, which the gentleman from Vormont seem-
ed to distrust, and claimed for them the right to
exercisa the power which this bill would take
away. He also entered, in the course of his ar-
gument, into an examination of " the act of war"
in which McLeod was engaged. The gen-
tleman from Vermont says the burning of the Car-
oline and the murder of Darfee was an act of war.
It was, then, cause of war by us. He also says
that if McLeod had been executed, it would have
been cause of war by England. In the event of
McLeod's execution, the two countries would have
reciprocally given cause of war, wiih the advan-
tage in our favor of having received the first prov-
ocation. So far from releasing McLeod to an ap-
prehension of war with England, I would have had
my country demand for punishment all engaged in
the outrage upon the Caroline ; and, if not surren-
dered, I would bring thsm, wherever and whenev-
er they could be caught. England should never—
in time of peace, certainly—shelter her felons by
taking the responsibility.
, Mr. FOSTER made some observation, which
was inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. SMITH, at the request of Mr. Wise, re-
newed the motion to lay this bill aside-, which,
after some brief discussion, was agreed to by a
majority of 73 to 58.
Mr. WISE then moved ihat the Committee tike
up the bill from the Senate, to reotganize the Navy
Department.
Mr. SPRIGG wished the committee to take up
a bill to establish certain post-roads.
The motion of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION   OF   THE   NAVY   DE-
PARTMENT.
The bill to reorganize the Navy Department
having beentaken up,
The Cierll read the first amendment of the
standing committee of the House on Kav;.! af-
fairs.
Mr. WISE explained that the 1st section of the
Senate bill abolished the Board of Navy Corarais,
stoner?; and tbe 2d section went en to provide 'hat
m liea of the Board of Navy Commissioners true
should b3 seven bureaus The Senate bill pio-
vided that the heads of llw bureaus should' be
selected from officers of grades not lower than
commander; the amendimnt of the conimuiee of
the House pioposed that the heads oí ih> bureaus
should consist of officers of the navy of a grade not
lower than that of capta:n—and not as the Senate
proposed, from either eapta'ns or commanders
For himself, he was of opinion that no (nicer of a
lower grade than that of captain should be put at
the head of a bureau.
Mr. SPRIGG addressed the committee at some
length.
Mr. FESSENDEN inquired whether the bill
had been printed.
Mr. WISE replied that it had beea ordered to
be printed last week, but was not yet returned by
the printer. As it was expected every moment, he
hoped the Clerk would be permitted to read the
Senate's bill, and then report the amendments of
the committee. By that time he hoped the bill
would be brought in.
Mr. FESSENDEN suggested that the bill wculd
be prejudice! by going on with it before the printed
copy was in the members' hands. There were
several other naval bill?,and he hoped the commit-
tee would take up one of them.
After some further conversation between Messrs.
WISE and FESSENDEN—
Mr. COWEN moved to lay aside the bill, and
lake up the bill from the Senate, to provide pay-
ment for property lost or destroyed in the military
service of the United States.
This motion was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN then moved to take up the
bill concerning professors of mathematics in the
navy of the United Slates; which motion having
been carried, and the bill read,
Mr. F. offered an amendment providing that the
professors of mathematics shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate; that they shall take rank next after
chaplains, and receive, when absent on leave, or
waiting orders, the same pay and emoluments as
are received by chaplains.
A short discussion ensued, in which the amend-
ment was supported by Messrs. FESSENDEN,
McKAY. KING, and ADAMS; and opposed by
Messrs. WISE, MALLORY, and HOLMES.
Mr. ADAMS briefly discussed the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN expressed his willingness to
withdraw a portion of his amendment. He pro-
posed, instead of striking out, to add a clause sim-
ply providing that professors of mathematics should
receive the same pay as chaplains.
Mr. ARNOLD made some remarks deprecating
the waste of time in fulminating and gasconading
speeches wi.hout action, and when many of the
members were dozing in their seats. The House
hid been in committee all day, and yet not a bill
was ready to be reported.
The question was taken upon the amendment of
Mr. Fessenden, and it was rejected. Tbe bill
was then laid aside to be reported.
Mr. MOORE moved that the committee take up
Senate bill No. 57, for the payment of Louisiana
volunteers employed in the Florida war in 1836.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the committee
take up House bill No. 364, (concerning navy pen-
sions.)
The vote was counted by the Chairman, who
reported 26 in tbe affirmative.
Mr. WISE said there was evidently no quorum
here, and he could not consent to see the naval
bills destroyed without a quorum. He insisted on
a count.
The negative was then counted, and reported
15     Absent, or not voting, 20! membeis.
Thereupon the comm-ttee rose, and tbe Chair
reponed the fact to the Fiuii'e.
V:r. WISE me ved n oail oí the House. The
question was taken, and resulted—ayes 40, noes
77     No quomm.
Mr. WISE aasin rr.oved a call of the House.
The SPEAKER -aid the question had been just
takef, and decided in the negative.
Mr. WISE wished to know whether the House,
h'tvirr; round ikelf whout a quotum, would not,
asa ¡natier of couikj, have to order a call, before
proceedirar to any business?
The SPEAKER v.id not.
Mr. WISE sa.d he would, then, tr-ercl/ Sal! ¡he
attention of toe country to tae helpless situation in
which the present Congress had found itself.
Mr. FILLMORE, (with emphasis.)   I move art
adjournment; and on that question call for the yeas   '
and nays.
The House refused to adjourn—yeas 37, nays
112.                                                                            ¡
A quorum having been ascertained to be pres-
ent, the House again went into committee, (Mr. J.    ¡
R. Inoersoll in the chair,)                                        j
The question was again taken upon considering    j
the bill to reduce and modify into one act the sev-    i
eral acts concerning pensioners in the navy, and    ¡
resulted in the affirmative.                                          '
Mr.  CALHOUN explained the merits and ob-    ¡
jects of the bill.                                                          J
Mr, UNDERWOOD offered an amendment, ex-    i
eepting those who received wounds from accident,    I
and confining tbe benefit of the pension act to those    i
wounded in battle.                                                    ■ \
Mr. SMITH of Virginia addresred the commit-    '
tee in favor of the amendment.    He thought there    '
was justice and propriety in granting pensions to    I
such as should expose themselves to extraordinary s !
danger—such as should be wounded or injured in.    '
batile.    But he could not approve of the proposi-    i
tion to give pensions to persons who had met with    '
accidents.    As well might Congress attempt to re-    >
munerate every farmer who should  happen to be    I
injured in his agricultural operations, or in break-    >
ing his colts.                                                               I
Mr. KING opposed the amendment, and replied
to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith.]            J
Mr. MORGAN followed on the opposite side.       '
Mr. ANDREWS ?aid he had no idea that the    jj
bill would pass, and therefore thought it useless to   ¡
waste time upon it.   He moved that the committee   ',
rife: rejected.                                                                        «
Mr. WARD remarked  that  the present  bill    i
merely proposed to enact for the navy the same    (j
rules which now exisied in the army.   No new    .
principle was sought to be introduced.    He hoped    |
the committee would rise and report the bill.                •
Mr. MALLORY said he would call the atten-    t
tion of the committee to the fact, that the men for    t
whom this bill proposed to provide had, by their    I
valor in the last war, provided a large fund for the    $
payment of pensions, which was dissipated by the    8
improvident legislation of 1837.    But for the act    t
of 1837, there would now be no necessity for action    Í
on ihe part of the House.   The bill proposed to lop    a
off ihe excrescences of the present system.   It did    &
not propose to give unmerited pensions, as in the    ii
numerous  ague-and-fever  cases which so often    i
passed the House without exciting «pposition.    It    t
still required f-ome modifications; which he should,    i
at the proper time, propose.                                               s
Mr. McKAY opposed the   bill.    It was like    a
other measures, the advocates of which declared,    J
at the time of  their passage, that they  would    \
impose no additional burden on the treasury.   The    U
same thing wa3 said of the act of 1837.   Yet, all    Jj
admitted that act to have been improvident.   He    .
heard no one  defend it at this day.    At the extra    ¡*
session, it would be remembered a bill was passed,     
extending the pensions of certain widows to Ihe    F
close of this session of Congress, when they were
to be stricken off the roll.    Now, this bill proposed
to nullify ihe proviso ef the act passed at the extra    &
session, which prohibited  these widows from re-    !t*
ceivmg pensions longer than until  the close of the   to
fes'ioii.    This was the effect, if not the sole object,   to
of the present bill; the remaining portion ofitbeirg   *«
a mere re-enactment of existing laws and regula-   fe
lions.    He read one  of  the .-ections to show how   *s
the otjict he had described was to be attained.    It   ii
declared  that ''ncthins: herein  contained  should   *
exclude those now on the pension roll from receiv-   Set
ing pensions hereafter."    Was the committee pre-    it
pared to re-et/act the system of 1837, which an   V
act of  the extra  sfssion   had solemnly declared    i
should  cease  at   ihe   close of this session?   He   &
trusted net.                                                                           ¡j(i
Mr. WM. B. CAMPBELL ihen moved that the   V
committee rise; which motion was carried.                  *
The committee  then   rose   and    reported   the    "¡*
"remedial justice bill" to the House, and also their     «
progress upon other bill*.                                                  "to
On motion of Mr. MALLORY,                                  "f
Tae House then adjourned,                                          l&
%
