BU
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■iii                                                                                          —_■——————
relief of Coartes P. Sibbald, (authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle, on principles of
law and equity, whatever damage may have been
done him in consequence of an officer of the United
States having arrested him 10 cutting and sawng
live-oak and pine timber from his own land, and
dispossessing him for a long time of the use of his
tract of 4 000 acres of land,) the question pending
being the amendment proposed by Mr. Graham,
allowing the Secretary of the Treasuiy to ascer-
tain and award damages, so far as Mr Sibbald was
prevented from using the live-oak timber.
Messrs. GRAHAM, WOODBURY, HENDER-
SON, WRIGHT, and PHELPS, oppo««d tbi bill
in its present iorm, and Messrs WALKER,
HUNTINGTON, BERRIEN, and BUCHANAN,
opposed the amendment, and supported the bill,
when,
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill was
so amended a  to refer the claims for settlement to
the Third Auditor of the Treasury, under the di-
rection of the Attorney General, and with direc ion
to allow the claimant such damages as he would
be entitled to recover on the principles oí law ap-
plicable to such cases, the damages thus to be as-
sessed to be paid out of any mcney in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment proposed by Mr Graham was
then rejected
The bill was then, as amended, ordered lo be
engrossed and pruned.
On motion of Mr. EVANS,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 16,1842.
Mr. AYCRIGG offered the fol owing resolution,
which, after some conversational debate, in which
Messrs. FILLMORE, CAVE  JOrlNSON,  and
McKENNAN participated, was adopted
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repi esenlatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled That
the Secretary of the Navy be directed to ordei I lent Wilkes to
retain m his possession, until fuuher icti in on the subject, alt
the charts, maps, andjoumals of tht exploring expedition
Mr J R. INGERSOLL reported, froii the
Committee of Ways, and Means, several private
bills.
Mr TILUNGHAST mad  an ineffectual mo.
Hon to have the Committee of the While dis
charged from the consideration of the bill for pre-
serving the curiosities, &c , brought by the explo-
ring expedition
Mr REYNOLDS presented the papers estab-
lishing the claim of $50 each to John Hewi tt and
C Tunnell, if Green county, ltlmoi«, lor services
performed in ihe Black H-irok war as expresses
referred to the Commit'er- of C^mis
REPORTS ON THE VETO
Mr ADAMS, from the select c->mmi"ee ap
pointed to take into corsnle,almn t>ie reas ris of
the President for refuse hio essent io the bill en
titled ''An act to prov e'e rcveiue trom imports,
and to change an i modify esri t rig Uws impo mg
duties on import*, ai i for ob*r purple ," s.«0
he was instructed by the majority of the commit-
tee to make a report
Mr GILMER said he, al <->, In J a repon and a
protesi against the course of ihe uajoii y of tbe
committee
Mr C J INGERSOLL 1 kewise signified 1 is
intention to make a report
Mr ADAMS said he cV«irtd to lead h s rcr^n
himself. tCr e>of "Let the CI ik nad i ," "We
can't hear him "]
Mr BARNARD objected to t1 e notioi of ll.e
gentleman from Virginn, [\4r  Cilmer ]
The SPEAKER    The gentk mi. from Virsru -
la has made no mo ion     [La sot r]    Th    Cow
will endeavor to «ee the roles ot oruer preserved
The Clerk will read the report
Mr ADAMS    I wish to rial it myse '
Mr WISE said he should ir« t t'.st ev^ry rule
applied to the minor y, should also govern ibe
majority. If any indulgence w ■> granted to the
majority, he should chim the ssme for the mi
Homy
The SPEAKER said that whatever indulgence
was allowed to the chairman of the committee
would be granted to the other members of the com-
mittee.
Mr ANDREWS objected to its being consider
ed as a favor that Mr Adams should be allowed
to read his report
Mr. ADAMS was about commencing, when
Mr WISE requested him to crme up to the
Clerk's desk, and read from thence, so that all
might hear
Mr. ADAMS declined moving from bis seat _
He then r«ad his report as follows-
The select committee,  to whom was referred the mes-
sage of ihe President of the United States, return-
ing to this House the act, which originated m it,
"to provide revenue from imports,  and to chunge
and modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes," with his objections to
%l, with instructions to report thereon to tne House,
have attended lo that service, and respectfully report
The message is the last of a series of executive
measures,  the result of which has been  to defeat
and nullify the whole action of the legislative au-
thoiiiy of th s Union, upon the most important in-
terests of the nation.
At the accession of the late President Harrison,
by election of the people, to the executive chair,
the finances, the revenue, and the credit of the
country, were found m a condition so greatly dis-
ordered, and iO languishing, that the first act of his
administration was to call a special session of Con-
gress, to provide a remedy for this distempered
state of the great body politic. L was even then
a disease of no sudden occurrence, and of no ordi-
nary malignity Four years before, the immed ate
predecessor of Genera! Harrison had been con-
strained to resort to the same expedrnt—a special
session of Congres , the result of which had only
proved the firs-t of a succession of palliatives, pur
chasing momentary relief at the expense of deeper-
seated disease and aggravated symptoms, growing
daily more intense through the whole four years of
that administration. It had expended, from year
to year, from $8,000,000 to $ 10,000,000 bejond
its income, pbsorbmg, in that period, nearly
$10 000,000 pledged for deposites with the States,
$8 000,000 of stock in the Bank of the United
States, from $5,000,000 to $6,000,000 of trust
fond-,, and as much treasury notes, and was sink-
ing under the weight of its own improvidence and
incompetency.
Ti e sentence of a suffering people had com-
manded a change in the administration, and the
contemporaneous e'ections throughout the Union
had placed in bo h Hoases of Congiesi majorities,
the natural exponents of the principles which it
was the wi'l of the people sl>o ,ld be substituted in
the administration of ihe'r Goiernmeit, instead of
those which had brought the country to a c ndi ion
ot such wretchedness and shame There was
perfict hsrmony of princip'e be ween tie chosen
President of the people and this «njjrr y, thus
constituted ¡n both Houces of Corgiess, and the
fi'st ac of his administration was to c  I a pee al
session of Congr-s-,, foi their del It ration and ac
tion upon t^e m°asures mdispen^ab y n=ce sa,y for
leliei to the pub ic distrt s; and 'o r triev" the
pro perity it thegre-u community oi the ration.
On tie 31s d y oi May, 1841, whin three
month  ifter tne inauguran n of President Har-
risc n, <he Coaaress as<-eiiUed at hi^ call B it rhs
reirs of th' exicuave <&<■ vef f ready m ou.er
Iwnas By an inscrutable d"cne of Prov.d nee,
the eh ei of the neopie's choice, in hari-ony «an
wh "e principies the tbajonties of both Hoo «s bad
b«-era consti ut£u, was Utd low m death. Tne
Pies dent v ho bad cal'ed tb° met ting if C ngress,
as ro lonfer the President "vl^n ihe Congress
met A succes or to the office I ad a «urned tne
ti le,  i h totally different pr nc.pks, though pro
fe sin,  ihe same at the timo of au elec ion, wnich,
far trom harmimzmg, like the «e of h s immediate
pr"de-c*sor, witn the rnaji n y of both Houses of
Congrc , mere oon d sc'o^ed in diametrical op
po^üi n to 'hem
Tie fir t development of this ne-w ard most un-
fortunate condition of ine General Govf rrment was
manifested, by the failure, once and again, of the
first great measure intended by Congress to restore
the credit of the country, by the establishment
of a national bank—a failure caused exclusively
by the operation of the veto power by the Presi-
dent.   Iu the spirit of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slates, the executive is not only separated from
the legislative power, but made dependent upon,
and responsible to it    Until a very recent period
cf our his'ory, all reference, in either House of
Congress, to the opinions or wishes of the Presi-
dent, relating to any subject in deliberation before
them, was regarded as an outrage upon the rights of
the delibera'ive body, among the first of whose
duties it is to spurn the influence of the dispenser
oí pitronage and power.    Until very recently, it
was  "ufficient greatly to impair the influence of
any member to be suspected of personal sub erv-
íency to the Executive; and any allusion to his wishes,
in debate, was deemed a departure not less from
decency than from order   An anxious desire to ac-
commodate the action of Congress to the opinions
and  wishes of Mr Tyler nad led to modifications
of the first bill for the establishment of a national
bark, presented  to htm for his approval, widely
differing flora the opinions entertained of their ex-
pediency by the majoaty of both Houses of Con-.
gress, but which  failed to obtain that approval for
the sake of which thsy had been reluctantly adopt-
ed.   A second attempt ensued,  under a sense of
the indispensable necessity ot a fiiscal corporation
to the  revenues  and credit of the nation, to pre-
pare an act to which an informal intercourse and
communication between a member of the House,
charged with the duty of preparing the bill, and
the President of the United Slates himself, might
secure, by compliance wi'h his opinions, a pledge     ¡
in advance of his approval of the bill, when it
should be presented to him     That pledge was ob-     |
tamed     The bib was presented to him in the very     i
terms which he had prescribed as necessary to ob-    j
tain his sanction, and it met the same fate with its    j
predece sor, and it is remarkable that the rea-    i
sons assigned for the refusal to app'ove the second    j
bill are in direct and immediate conflict with those    ¡
which had been assigned for the refusal to sign the    ¡
first                                                                             ,
Thus the measure first among those deemed by ¡¡
the Legislature of the Union indispensably neces- s
sary for he salvation of its highest interests, and \
for the restoration of its credit, its honor, Us pros- ,
perity, was prostrated, defeated, annulled, by the ¡
weak and wavering obstinacy of one man, acci s
dentally, and not by the wd1 of the perp'e, invest- ¡¡
ed with that terrible p^wer—as if prophetically de- |,
scnoed by one of h's own cnosen ministers, at this j¡
day, as "the right to depnve the people of self- a
government."                                                             j,
Tiie first consequence of this executive legisla-     ■)
tion was rot only to prostrate the efforts of the     is
Legislature itself, to  relieve the people from their     S
distress, to replenish tae exhausted trea ury, and      
call forth the res mrce  of the country, to redeem     a
the publ c faith to the fulfilment of the nati nal en-     t
gdg"oicn s, but  to leave all the burdens and em-     j
ta>r sjsiaeitsof the public treasury, brought upon     «
it by the improvidence of the preceding adminis-     j
tration, beirmg upon ihe peop'e wnh aggravated      i
pressure     Th  fatal error of the preceding admin-     &
istraiion had bern an excess of expenditure beyond     t
its income     Thit excels had b en an average of     o
eigiít millions of dollars a year, st least, during the
four yeari cf its exis'ente    The prac ical system     !L
of its  fiscal  opera'itns  had  been a continued in-      ?
crease oe expencitores and diminution of revenues;     /
and it l"ft, asa beques* to its  ucce^sor, noeffec ive     ¡J
reduu ioi  of expensrs, but a druble ¡e 'uetion of     J°
revenue ti the smc •« of mi! ons,  to occur of     ?
course,  bv the  mere  lapse of time, unless avert-     ?
ed, vnt'im ffteen no tes, 'jy subsequent legisla-
tlon-                                                                         ?
Py the double exerci e of the Pres dential inter-      *
diet upon tbr two b 11  for e„tabli hing a national      *
bank, this legi lau.n was p evented.    The excess      ^
of expenditures b°yond the revenue continued and      J*
increased.   Xhe d^ub e reduction of revenue pre-      '*
sc ibed by ihr> compromise of 1833, was suffered      *
o tike i s full tffec',no reduelan of the expendí-      J*
tares, bad been   prescribed, and in the course of      J*
eighteen months, since the inauguration of Prest-      í*1
