CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                 *                         9Ql
■■                ■   ■                                                                                                                                                                                 H-   ■ -     i                      .1    .    '
inferred from English history, is not only unjust
disparagement, but inaccurate historical recollec-
tion. Even the twelve jucfges of England never
did, as has been said, unworthily submit lo
royal dictation, but many of them (although their
tenure of office, salaries, and perhaps lives, de-
pended on the King's pleasure) manfully resist-
ed his rapacious will In the United States, the
public money—which the President is laudably
anxious to raise by law, through the ordinary
means—could not be employed in his profligate
indulgences in war or other offensive applica-
tion; and we trust that the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States, m no way dependent
on the Executive, whenever they come to the
solemn adjudication of this vital question, will
deal with it, as tney did at their late session With
another, which, probably, provoked the unjust
imputation on their rectitude—treating this ques-
tion of impost, as they did that of slavery, wilh
integrity and independence The undersigned
hope they will come to the conclusion, which all
lovers of their country must desire, that, instead
of deserving capital punishment, the President is
entitled to the thanks of dispassionate men for
anxiously enforcing the law concerning imports
Nor will we omit this occasion, while vindicat-
ing that court, for expressing grateful acknowl-
edgments to it ior having, contrary to many pre-
possessions, by independent judgment, sustained
the most delicate provisions of our Union against
the clamors and prejudices of negrophilism Fi-
nally, the undersigned are assured, that whatever
the court does, they will not leave (as has been
strangely imagined they must) the determination
of this great question of law to the arbitrament
of juries. There is hardly a juror in the conn-
try who does not know that pjoperty, liberty, and
order, are best preserved by maintaining that ven-
erable jurisprudence which, in civil cases, leaves
to juries only questions of (art, and refers to
judges questions of law The undersigned have
no fear of the judiciary They dread no veto 01
dictation from a President They are not alarm-
ed by crises of party American republican an-
nals are a continued senes of formidable con-
junctures, without detriment to the republic—an-
tagonism without commotion—State and indivi-
dual conflicts without civil war, or any unwhole-
some catastrophe The charitable ballot-box is
always at hand, with inestimable relief, to vent
all passions. We are happy to find that a por-
tentous committee—the offspring of indignation-
proposes no fatal act, but its proceedings -n ill go
out in harmless explosion Eloquent mvectiw
angry denunciation, philippics of speech and print,
inflict no fatal blows on the solid bulwarks 01
this great empue, which advances steadily m
greatness, increasing in population, production,
and power, rejoicing in peace and plenty, while
antagonist parties and ambitious individuals strug-
gle for its honors with fierce but harmless re-
crimination Republican Government would else
be bereft of its rational attractions and manly
support—the noble excitements of a free pi ess,
free speech, and universal suffrage; admirable
substitutes for the stagnant tranquillity, frivolous
recreations, and dreadful energy of despotism
Let the battlements of this Capitol continue to
rock with salutary agitation Our reliance is
in the majestic strength and serenity of a sovereign
people.
The undersigned cannot believe that Congress
will adjourn withoul enacting a law foi revenue
They will not afford the President so great a tri-
umph The public distemper is so easily remedia-
ble, that those in power never can answer to the
community for longer failing to apply the remedy
The minority is not responsible nor the President,
nor even the Senate The House of Representa-
tives is exclusively the national purse-beaier üy
the majority of that House should be annually re-
plenished and arranged its receipts and issues, as
the repoit of the majority of this committee argues
Most of the troubles experienced by the present
and penultimate administrations, including the
overthrow of the latter, are attributable to supere-
rogatory Executive efforts, beyond Executive duty,
to repair disordered finances—disordered by ill
judged and calamitous acts of Congress. The peo-
ple will hold the majority ot the House of Repre-
sentatives responsible for this their appropriate
and chief office. It is disreputable to them that
restoration so easy has been long deferred No
country in the world has such resources and facili-
ties for revenue. One year's administration of
such laws as Congress should enact, would draw
from the inexhaustible means, the labor, the inge-
nuity, the commerce, the manufactures, and the
public lands of the United States, superabundant
income But, as with the fatal distribution of sur-
plus revenue among the States, distress and demor-
alization began, so are they continued by the sam£
egregious impolicy, insisting on alms—giving a
pittance of land sales to the States. The under-
signed discern, with deep disapproval, that the re-
port of the majority of this committee, in conformi-
ty with the votes of its chairman, strenuously ar-
gues distribution of the public lands lo pay the
debts of the States This is not the occasion to de-
velop the dangers of that much condemned scheme
In preference for another, and much better, nearly
all Congress coincide in opinion with the Presi-
dent and the people, viz —that immediate relief
would proceed from a moderate, discriminating,
permanent tariff. Why is it not a law"* Why may
it not be at once1 Who hinders it1 Is parly pas-
sion to prevail, or magnanimous patriotism1 The
undersigned will not doubt, even though perhaps
doomed to disappointment
This mortal issue, if cast by Congress upon an
injured, insulted, oppressed, and outraged people,
may return, with dread responsibility, with deep
damnation, to plague the inventors of such mischief
Those we act with are ready to go forth, and be
tried by the country, m full confidence of popular
justice. Others will determine for themselves, and
for us too, as we are but a minority The report
of the majority proposes nothing but that the Presi-
dent be assailed, and the Constitution assaulted,
the President impeached without trial, the country
dishonored in him for exercising, almost under
Congressional duresse, an unquestionable and
much cherished power, dear to a noble people,
which it is the wildest dream of excited party to
suppose thai people willeversuffer to be stricken from
the Constitution Mean time, what is to be done1
Are Congress to call out more vetoes1 Like bar-
barous nations, worshipping demoniac creatures of
their own malignant imagining, are we all to be sac-
rificed to the evil genu of Discord and Despair1
Aie distiaction and inaction to minister furious and
dreadful redress1 The undersigned rely on popu-
lar providence, 'uhirh, in severer trials, has, with
the smi'es of Heaven, overruled whatever perils
have beset our (till now) thoughtful and considerate
counliy. No God of battles is invoked for our
rescue. Deprecating such shocking piofanation,
we humblv trust thatnobatlle or bloodshed, no civil
war or massacre, is the only umpirage to determine
for rational freemen the simple question whether
they w.II support or repudiate the Government of
their own cieation. We do not despair We do
not fear that savage infatuation \till cast away for
future scorn the present admiration and refuge of
the world
C. J  INGERSOLL
JAMES I. ROOSEVELT
had already made—ihatit would beat all times in.
order to move to take up the btlW If 'he gentle-
man would make that motion now, and a majority
■sustained him, the bill would at one? be brought
before the House
Mr. JOHNSON said he did not wish to throw
any obstacles in ihe way of the business of tt«e
House, and that he would withdraw his point of
order.
Mr FILLMORE suggested to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to vary his motion so as to
leave out the print n  of the bill, of which, he said,
a sufficient number had already been printed.
Mr. ADAMS answered that the reports would be   „
incomplete without the bill; and that no person
would  have the means of judging of any part of
these proceedings, without having the whole sub-
ject before him.
Mr. FILLMORE observed that he would not
object to the printing of the bill, if Ihe gentleman
desired it.
Toe question was then taken on Mr. Adams's
motion, and carried.
Mr. WISE then moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the bill on the table, that
had been returned with the President's objsefions.
Mr FILLMORE suggested that the army bills
had been lying nearly a week, waiting for Ihe action
of tb.8 House, and that the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] was ready with the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. As these bills were veiy
important, be hoped the gentleman would permit
the report to be taken up and ac^ed on.
Mr WISE considered that his motion was much
more important than that of the gentleman from
New York, as it was to carry oat the injunctions
of the Constitution. He insisted, theretore, on his
motion.
Mr. BOYD called for ihe yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS asked if the motion was deba-
table.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not.
The question was then .taken, and resulted—
yeas 99, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Arnold, Arnngton, Atherton, Beeson, Bid
larlt, Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V Blown, Charles
Brown, Burke, William O Butler, Green W Caldwell Patrick
O Caldwell, J Campbell, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Cliflurd Clin
ton, Coles, Colquitt, Cushing, M A Cooper, Daniel, It I> Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dean, Doig, John C Edwards, Egbeit, Ferris,
JohnG Floyd, Thomas F Fostei, Geiry, Gilmer, PauickG
Goode, William O Goode, Gordon, Gustme, Habersham, Har.
us, Hastings, Hays, IJolme*, Hopkins, Houck, Houston,
Hubard, Hunter, C J Ingersoll, W W Irwin, W C Johnson,
Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy L wis,
Lmlefield, Abraham McClcllan, Robert MoCletlan, McKay,
McKeon, Malloiy, Mathews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Parmen
tei, Payne, Plumer, Proliit, Ileal, Reding, Reynold1 , Ilhett,
Riggs, Uogei s, Roosevelt, Sanfoid, íáaunders, Shaw, Shields,
Willnm hmith, Snyder Stepniod, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob
Thompson, Van Buren, Ward Watterson, Weller, Jame  W.
Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wise, and Wood —99
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landau" W Andiews, Sher
lock J Andiews, Appleton, Aycrffig, Babcock, Baker Barnard,
Birton, Budseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Biockway,
Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, William B Camp-
bell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Childs, Chittenden,
John C Clark, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens Garrett Davis,
Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A Law.
rence Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Go^gm, Graham,
Granger, Green, Halsted, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R Infer-
soil, James Imn, James, John P Kennedy, King Linn,
McKennan, Thomas F Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Ma locks, Maxwell, Maynard, Mitchell, Moore, Morgar, Moi-
ris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Pow-
ell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph,
Raynar, Rodney, William Russell, James M Russell Saltón-
stall, Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Soliere, Stamy, Strat-
um, Alexandei II H SStuait, John T Stuait, Summers, Taha
fd ro Richard W Thompson, Tillmjrhast Toland, Tomlmson,
Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwood Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Warren, Washington, Edward D White, Joseph L White,
Thomas W Williams, Christopher H W illiarns, and Augustus
Young—104
Mr STANLY, from the committee of confer-
ence, appointed to consider the disagreeing to'ei
of the two Houses on the amendments, of the
House of Repreientatives to the bill from the Sen-
a'e entitled "An act respecting the or?an,zat,or) of
the army of the United Stales," made toe foi ow-
report.
The committee appointed to conduct the conference on ihe
part 01 the House, upon the subject of the disagreeing vnus
of tne two Houses upon the amendments of the ílou"e o
ih*1 bill of the Senate entitled " \n act respecting the oi gam
zation of the army, and for other purposes," have met t
committee appointed on the part of the feenaie, and, alter &
lull and free conference upoa the subiect of said disagree! :;
Mr FILLMORE sugire ted ihe propr.ety of or-
dering the repTH to be pnn'ed, and of ihe Hous >
proceeding to the consideration of tnetrmy bills.
The SPEAKER observed, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts had a motion pending before
the House in relation lo the various reports that
had just been laid before it.
Mr ADAMS renewed his motion to print the
three repor s, and moved, in addition, that the
message and bill be a's>o printed, and that the bill
be made the order of the day for to morrow.
Mr. BOTTS wished to undeistand 'he question
before ihe House; if it was to print all three, of the
reports The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Ingersoll] had presented a report from a minoniy
ot the committee; and if it w?s a mere paper, not
intended for the acti' n of the House, it was rot
necessary to have it printed
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland rose to a point of
order. Tne motion was lo postpone ihe consider-
ation of ihe rerorts and bill till to-morrow, and
print them That he understood to oe the sab-
stance of the motion, and the ci'isequence would
be, that the bul, which *?as laid on U e table, wou'd
have to iol'ow th* cans, deration of the rep rt ,
while the C nsti ution required thai the action
should be on the bill.
The SPEAKER said he would remove the gen-
tlemen's objections, by referring to a decision he
