CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
on any of the points referred to the committee, and
jf he had no other reason, the very propcsition
offered by the other House would induce him to
resist to the last any and all propositions that did
not go to the full extent ol the reduction proposed
by the House.
The committee agreed to ct ncur in the report of
the committee oí conference; and the Committee
of the Whole rose, and reported the bill lo the
House.
Mr. McKAY called for a d'vision of the ques-
tion on the amendment; which was assented to.
Mr. ANDREWS moved the previous question,
and it was, sustained by the House.
Mr. W B CAMPBELL called for the yeas
and nays on the first amendment; and, in the
course of a brief debate, (¡n which fee and Mr
FILLMORE too'k pari,) he said he wa-s no enemy
to ihe armj; but if the s;entlemf,n from New York
[Mr. Fillmore] persisted in supporting extrava
gant expenditures, he would destroy both the army
and the party with which he was connected.
The yeas and nays were ordered on concurring
with the report of ihe committee of conference,
recommending the House to recede from its dis-
agreement to the first amendment or the Senate,
and to agree to the amendment.
The first amendment was the proviso to the
first section, which the Senate had stricken from the
bill: it was in the following word<:
"Provided, That the reciuitmg service shall cease until the
mimbei of non commissioned ofhceisand privates m the van
ous companies of the several artillery and nfantiy regiments
shall be reduced, by death, expiration of tei m of service, 01 oth
er causes, andsuchdischaigesas the President may irom time
to time direct, to the n umbel fi<¿bd by the act ^milled 'An act
to reduce and fix the miluaiy establishment of the United
States,'appioved Maich stcond eighteen hundrtd and twen
ty one And provided, fui ther Thatno part of thu approi n
ation shall beauplled, altei th,, 30th day of Septemhet next to
the payment of the regiment of drago ns established and an
thorlzed by the act of twenty thir 1 of Mav, eighteen bundled
and thirty six Andprozi ted also Thatno money appiopri
atedm this bill, orhereaftei to be appropriated, shall be applied
to the payment ol any- lirger sum ol money to the officeis at
tached to the general staff, to wit those in the adjutant gener
al's department, the inspectoi geneial's department, the quai
termaster general's department, the subsistence department,
the purchasing department, the medical department, the pay
department the corps ol engineers, the topoffiaphical engi
neers, the ordnance department, and the military academy, than
the sums now paid to the officers of the same grade m the m
fantryand artillery service, whethei the same be for their pay
or emoluments, or any other service "
The report of the committee was concurred in—
yeas 82, nay-! 40
Mr. McKAY suggested that the 14th amend-
ment should be separated from the rest; and on
that he called for thf ' eas pnd nay The yeas
and najs were ordered on that amendment, ard
the other recommendaUons of the ctmmittee were
concurred in wiihout a division.
The 14th amendment w?s an adii tonal item,
which the Senate had added to tiie bill, as ft Hows-
"For building and tepairnig the necessa y boas and fui cai
rymg on the improvements oi the Missouu, Mississippi Ohio,
and Arkansas i veis, one hundred thousand Jjliars, uudei the
direction of theSecretary of War "
The committee of conference recommended to
the House to recede from Us disagreement to this
amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
amendment, amended by adding thereto, "And
for the preservation and repairs of public works
heretofore constructed for the improvemen' of har-
bors, thirty thousand dollars "
The yeas and nays were taken and rasul ed as
fo'lows: Yeas 87, nays 54.
So the bill was disponed of.
The SPEAKER presented a communica ion
from the Post Office Department, transm'ttmg, in
compliance with the act of 6 h July, 1838, a state
meat of the contract*, mail service1-, &c of ti e past
year: laid on the table and ordere   to be printed.
Also, two comraunicauons from the Wai De-
partment—one in answer to the resolution of th 
1st instant, giving a description of ths persons en
listed into the service , ai a the other in ai swer to
the resolution «be 6th ins ant, howing ihs i urr.ber
pi public armol es and arsenals under the direction
of ihe departirían : laid on t e table and oi VreJ to
be printed
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON a^kedUave to is-
troduce a resolution to refer ¡o a select commi'tee,
and print, the bill of which he gave notice yester-
day, in relation to the issuing of two hundred mi'-
lions oí Government s ock, to be dis.ribu ed jmong
the State , etc
Objections being made—
Mr J moved (o suspend the rules, and asked
for the jeas and nays; which having been ordered,
were taken, and resulted in yeas 8, nays 106, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Gentry, Joseph R Ingenoll, Wi'
ham Cost Johnson, John P Kennedy, Alexander Randall,
James M Russell and Edward D White—8
NAYS—Messrs Landnff W Andrews Appleton, Arnold,
Arlington, Atherton, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye Boardman,
Borden, Bolts, Powne, Boya, Brewster, Aaron V Blown,
Challes Brown, Buike, Green W Caldwell, Patrick C Cald
well, William B Campbell, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Chitten
den, Clifford, Clinton, Cowen, Cranston, Cross, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Uichatd I) Davis, Deberry, Doan, Doig, John C X d
wards Egbert, Evetett, Fillmore, Floyd, 'Ihomas F Foster,
Gimble, Gerry, Giddmgs Graham, Granger, Gieen, Haber
sliai , Half Harris, Hays, Holmes Hopkins, Houck, Houston,
Hubaid, Hudson, Hunter, James Irvm, Tames, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefield, Abraham McClellan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mattocks, Merllll,Mitchell, Moole, Monow, Osborne, Owsley,
Parmenter, Payne, Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Ramsey,
Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett Ridg
way, Riggs Rodney, Rogéis, Roosevelt, William Russell,
Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Tiuman Smith,
Snyder, Stanly, feteenrod, Tohnl Stuart, John B Thompson,
Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Trumbull, Turney,
Underwood, Van Buien, Van Rensselaer Ward, Warren,
Washington, Watterson, Weller, Thomas W Williams, James
W Williams Clui8tophei H Williams, Joseph L Williams,
and Wise—106
Mr BARNARD offered a resolution, that all de-
bate on the bill lo provide further remedial justice
in the couns of the United States, «hall cease m
two hours aiter «aid bill shall be taken up in Com-
m tice ol the Whole, and that then ths committee
shall proceed to vote on the «aid amendments.
Mr. BOWNE moved that the House adjourn,
ahich motion wes carried—ayes CO, noes 50
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 17, 1842.
Mr CALHOUN presented a petition from Wash-
ington county, Florida, praying the admission of
that;Territory as a Slate into the Um n, and a do-
na'ion of land for State purposes- referred to the
Comrnitiee on the Judiciary
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of Meses
Archer, for arrears of pension, which was or-
dered to be printed.
On motion oí Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was debarred from the further consider-
ation cf House bill for the relief of Frederick
Hopl'ins, and the petition of the widow of David
¡Lynn for a nensico
Mr PHELPS, from the Comm'ttec on Revolu-
tionaiy Clams,reported back, wiini'it amendmen ,
and favorably upon, Hou^e bill for the relief ui
the heirs of Major General Baron De Kalb
Onmctionof Mr PHELPS, leave wa granted
to withJraw Iror.i the *¡¡e<- the pen' on of me h i .
of Olivir Parri h
Mr. WHITE remarked that, a few days a¡;o,
Ihe Senator from South Carolina [Mr Preston]
moved to reconsider Ihe vote by which the bill ma-
king appropriation to supply the deficiency in the
navy pension fund was ordered to be engrossed.
He (Mr. W ) moved that that motion be now
taken up and considered.
Mr WILLIAMS explained that the object of
the reconsideration was, he believed, to enable
some SeBator to renew ihf amendments of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr White,] which bad
been voted down—to replace all those on the pen-
Sion-roll who had bren placed there under the law
of 1837, and who b?d been dropped under the re
pealing law of las' session. Therefore, all those
who were not in favor of extending the system
would vote against the motion to rtcopsider The
q icstion lould be as «ell tested on this motion as
on tne amenoments. He demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Messrs. WHITE and WALKER mude some
remarks en ihe mtuon to reconsider, when
Tí e question was taken by yeas and nay?, aid
resulted in the negative—yeas 17, najs 19, as fol-
low 
YEAS—Messrs Bates, Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Evans,
Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Phelps, Preston,
Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Walker, White, and Woaubridge
—IT.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan.
Calhoun, Crittenden, Cuthbert, lulton, Linn,. Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbiiryj
Wnght, and Young—19
The question now being, Shall the bill be read
the third time?
Mr. WHITE said, as he could not get id his
amendment, he wished to record bis vote against
the bill, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS said this bill makes appropria-
tion for pensions actually due.
Mr. ARCHER said it not only made provision
for those pensions actually due, but for all the rest
mcontestably en'itled.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to a third reading, and carried in the affirma-
tive—yeas 25, nays 2, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archei, Bagby, Bairow, Bayard, Bu.
chañan Clayton, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton,
Graham, Linn, Mangum, Miller, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Wright, and
Young—25
NAYS—Messrs Bates and White—2
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
Mr CRITTENDEN, on leave, introduced a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to carry into effect the provisional ton-
tract for the purchase of a light-house site at the
West Pass of the Mississippi river; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
THE BILL TO REORGANIZE THE ARMV.
Mr. EVANS, from the commitlee of coher-
ence, appointed to consider the disagreeing vt ie<s
of the two Houses on the armndmems if the
House of Representatives to the bill from th Seu-
ate entitltd "An act respecting the organ zatioD of
the army of the United States," made a report
(precisely of the same character as tnat made by
Mr. Stanlt in the House, and published m the
Globe of yesterday) settling the disagreeing vot s.
Mr. E moved that the Senate concur in the re-
port of the committee of conference
Mr BATES objected to some portion of the re-
port, (understood to be that part touching Ihe mili-
tary superintendents of armories,) and demanded
the yeas and nays on the motion to concur.
Mr. EVANS remarked that all he had to say
was, that the House had concurred in the rep. it of
its committee of conference; and if the Senate re-
fused to concur, the bill would be lost, and there
would be no reduction of the army. Those,
therefore, who vote«i against coneurnng in the ra-
port of ihe committee, voted against reducing the
army
Th? question was then taken on concurring m
the report of the committee, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 29, nays 7, as follows :
YEAS—Mes«rs Aller Archer, Barrow, Bayaid, Benton,
Buchanai, Calhoun,! layton Ciafts, Ciltt^nden, Evans Ful
ton, Graham Kerr, King, I inn, Mangum, Milter, Porter,
Preston, Sevier, ¡smith of Connecticut, Murgeon, Tappan,
Walker Wilcox, Woo Ibury, Wnght, and Young—29
NAYS—Messrs Bates Choate, Phelps, Smith of Indiana.
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—7
The bill for the relief of James Tongue, John
Scuvener, and the legal representatives of Wm.
Hodson, deceased, was taken up, as in committee
of the whole, on an adverse report of the Commit-
tee on Clams.
Mr. WRIGHT explained the case, and opposed
the passage of the bill; and
Mr. KERR made an elaborate speech in defence
of the claim  and in favor of its passage.    When,
On motion of Mf. EVANS, its further considera-
tion was postponed ml to-morrow.
House bill enticed An act for the relief of Chas.
F Sibbald, was read the third time and passed.
THE CONTINGENT BILL.
The bill " to legalize and make appropriations
for such necessary objects as have been usually
included in the general appropriation bill without
dutho íty of lamr, and to fix and provide for cer-
ta n incidental expenses of the department and
offices of the Government, and for other purpt se ,"
was read th- third time and passed.
Mr CRITTENDEN moved to reconsider the
vote on the passage of this bill, with a view of *r>
amending it as to authorize a survey to he ma'e f
the harbor of Memphis, Tennessee, wnh the vi w
of establishing a naval depot at that place for the
