&C6                                                  CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years, if tney rejected that part of it which gave
relief to the States, it would not stand four years
on th« s atule book. No; they would have, instead
of it, another sliding scale of duties, such as was
provided by the bill of 1839. Whilst he b iieve<4
that the two systems of tariff and distribution could
well barmon.áe and act together, let him tel! gen-
tlemen that, if they passed a tariff bill giving re-
lief to the Government alone, without regard to
the States, there was another literal in the country
that would take the question ur>¿ and se- whether
they could not cipher out fifteen millioni more of
revenue by a different tariff. Let him say to them,
that he could take up that revenue bill, and so
modify U as to raise fifteen millions more of reve-
nue, by a different scale of duties.
He would adrmiiish the tariff interest that it was
time for them to look at tbi* question gravely, and
not to be frightened at the issuing of two hundred
millions of stock'; for there were these m thecoun
try who would unite with him in looking to the in-
terests of the States, as well as ol the General Gov-
eromeni; and if they did not, he would change his
course accordingly. He had never urged the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands as an abstraction. He had urged it as a
practical and tangible good, 'or the benefit oí the
States; asd the only argument that he could ever
bring h'tnself to use before the Hjus , in support
of the proposit'oa, was, that the dtslribu'ion of the
proceeds of the public lands was calculated to bene-
fit the Spates, by giving them íevenuc^ just'y their
own, in accordance with the acts of cession by
which the land*, as a trust fund, weie conveyed to
the Government. Tne principal argument against
that di-iriUution, was, thai he land fund, as it ex
isted, was so small and so n.eagre that ¡t was not
worth contending for. He would now say to the«e
gentleman, that he effaed ibes  a proposition of
a sopenor cba'acier, and that was, such a modifi-
tioa of his propost'ion, as to afford immediate rt-
lief, bath to the people and to the Slates, and one
which no person could say was indirect or ineffi-
cient.
Af'er some further remarks from Mr. J.,
Mr. ARNOLD m >ved ihe previous question;
which was secondpd by the House
Mr FiLLWORE asked n a call of the House
was m order
Tne SPEAKER replied .n the negative
The mam quotum was th-i ordered, which
question vva-. on the pa sa°e of the bi i, the Pres-
ident's ohjec ions to the com ai> tit,     .h t?i..ing
Mr. W4RREN «¡aFtu to Veiej c¿ - >ni voting
on the gtou-.d that he    as i^vi-l   o   ,•* o il, ard  |
could not vote tor it, but if ü  vt <- 1 p„" nst it, it
might te ens iued into an apn oval ol  J e Prr t- ¡^
dent's message, which tie also disproved ot
'ihe vt. e wa> tassen, and Mr Warren was ex-
cused.
Toe que  ion recorrma; on ihe pa.sage of ihe
bi'l no witastandit-g the President's ^fyc tons, and
the Constitution requiring ih s qu<-s'i n to bj t«ken
by yeas and n-ys, the 'ote «as taken in that way,
and resulted—yas 91, nays 87, as fo'loiv •
YCAo—Weit\ s A lams Allen, JxnilaffW Andrew , Sher
locrf J Andtewt, A , eu> \t old A\ctiiji, Etitocock, Baker,
Banatd Baiton, liir' e>e L n, Poi e i, lío td llrockwiv,
Jeremiah Brawn Lmne I, Ihom s I Cimpbdl Clni 1  Chit
l *1 ?on, Jonil C Ctn Jd^ Co pt1 tcwen Lianstoi, ( tivei s>
Cu-jhing, Ganelt I)t\ b, J fm t d \ d ¡ji reí fillmoie A
LAWrerc-e Fe s r Gen ly C ^11 G <tl ^t. Gieui Hall Hii
sled, Howard, tiu Kon J l, h u I s i ol Wil m V\ Jtwn,
Jame , Wdliam Coat Juhntj! ti Jjh i l1 b nr s ly lot Litn,
McKennan, Thomas F Mar hal Mat not Mat oc ks V i\w I!,
MaynarJ Mono, Mngai Vi irn , Mitio \, O^uori e, Oft ley
Pcarce, Pendle on Pope, Benjamin Rindall \l xan tei Ran
dail Rantolpb Rld^way, Redi c\, \\ illia yi Rii°=afll ^akoijot 1
Snerpti 1, 1 uman timuh, ^oilers 3 nsg, Stanly S ratt n,
AlexardorH II Stuart lolm T StiMit, -i mmel , loh i B
Thompson, Richard W The m| son, Til mghdst To ai d, T r
in son, Tri| lett TJn'eH/iol Vau *i ns^ lai Wa hm<-n i 1J
wa d D White, Joseph L \\ hi e f hon as W Wihiams, Ji
seph L VVi iam> aiL.\okt,—J1
NAYS—Meatus \nng n Ath^t on, Bceson R d'ack, Boyd,
Aaron V Blown ( hurles Brown, tinike, / illia'ii O Butler,
GieenW Cildwoll Pitnuk Í Caljwll John Campbell,Ca \,
Casy CI apman Chffu ) C Inn i ' > es ( olqunt "VtirkA
Cojper, Diniel Ri^-tai D Davi= J) vi) i D,Mn, Doar ,Dol ,
John C Ejwaita L"bert John G Fl lyd Gimbe, Geny Gil-
mer, William O Go >de, Goidji Ovvm, fl-beialiaii, Harr's,
Hastings, iíaye, Ho'meü, lljock, Hoiiblc n, ftubard, Hui ter,
CharleBj Ingersoll Cave Tohnson JohnW Tunee Lewis Lit
Uefield, Abra hail McC ellan Robert M-Clellan, McKiy He
Keon,Mattory J )bn Thomson M- oi Matnews, Me hi!, Mlt
ler, Newhard. Payne, Piumer, Proffit, Read Reding Reyrolds,
RheW, Riggs, Rogers, Roosovelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw,  I
Shields WPliam Smith, Snyder, Steeniod, Sttmter, Sweney,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van Buren, Ward Watterron, W«l
ler, James Yv  Widiams, Wise, and Wood—87
The roll having been called through, and before
the vole was announced—
Mr. FERRIS asked leave to record his vote in
the negative.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS objected, because the
gentleman was not wi htn the bar whea his name
was cabed.
Mr. BOYD asked if the rules did not require
every genUeman in his seat to vote, and, on being
answered by the Speaker in the affirmative, said
that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Wil-
LiiMs] was in his seat when his name was called,
and did not vote, and he therefore called on the
Chair to enforce the rales on htm, who was so fond
of enrorcing them on other".
So the bdl was not passed, there not being the
constitutional majority of 'wo thirds
Mr. ADAM3 moved that the House proceed to
the con'iderauon of the report and resolution of
the select committee appointed to consider the
President's message.
The SPEAKER said that that was the rpgular
Older of business; and directed the C erk to read the
resolution at the conclusion of the committee's re-
port; which was read as follows:
"JZfioIved by the Senate andlfovw of Representatives of
the United States of America m Congress assembled, two
thirds of both Houses concurring therein, That the following
amendment *o the Constitution of the United States, in the 7th
section of the 1st article, be recommended to the I egislatures
of the several States, which, on the adoption of the same by
thiee fouiths of «aid Legislatures, shall become paltandpaicet
of the I onstitution
' Instead of ihe words 'two thirdV twice repeated m the sec
ond paragraph of the said seventh section substitute, m bo ti
cases, the words'a m yorlty of the whole number ' "
Mr. ADAMS observed that he wan himself pre-
pared to vote for that resolution at this time He
did not desire to take up the time of the Hou«e by
debating it, and would merely observe that the
alterati n proposed in the Constitution was as small
a", could be, to be any alteration at al!. It proposed
to substitute a majority of the whole number of the
House and Senate, for a majority of two-'hirds, for
the passage tf a bill after it had been returned by
the President with his objections The reasons for
this cnange weie briefly stated in the report of the
majority. So far as related to himself, he had
be«n, from the time the Constitution «as first
adopted, opposed, in principle, to all amendments
of thai msiiument. He bad, in general, d s?p
proved ot then, ¡>ml h" did not know that he had
ever voted, slnce he had hean a member of the
Hou.e, 'r,r ai* alterations proposed to that msiru-
n em He bpd a geieral prejudice agams any
alterations of an instrument tha' he regarded m
so «o'emn and so =acr°d a light, Unless evi's
arose of an r tolerable i r>*ure, it was better for 'he
people o* me Um ed States ' to bear fie ills thev
haie,'han fly to others trun th°y know not of."
Wi'h regard to this ptrt <*s, ar provision of the Con-
stitution, he had been a!v.4\N m favor of it, fro-n
the tine the Const tu<> • > *^s adopted till very ra-
c nil}, but he could rot staid the effect of r-pea ed
experience. His faith in the establishment of
tha> principle as part of the Constitution had been
gradually shaken, till he was ready to vote for «his
alteration, ai proposed in the report. He did not
l,n"w one out o  the whol; numb r <f ve.oe, ("so
called) that had been given siiico (he es'^b-
h hmmt r( tw Co stttution, ihat it would
nit h?ve opera cJ oetter for the country,
if the measures tney p-i vented had b^-
to>ne laws He doubted whether it would n t
ht"e been better for the nan n if die pt wer had
no. ex sterl As a part of the great syf em of
th'tks and balances in the G ivernment, ¡te was
sti 1 >- i n?, for oie, to ! avp the p nplP ofth^ Uj -
e < St^t^s to experience the future ererci e of th t
power, 1 mitedand modified as proposed m th- res-
o!uti"n. 'When he spoke of expenerce, he n ed
not g > ot.y farther than 'h-> Admimsiiatton unt'er
whici t .is power had b„en eíetcpd much mri"
^equci.''  than under an> other The veice- tf
Pi.Mdetr Jackson were ail, m hi- opirt n, atrcrg
the most pernicious ac.s that could have b"en
coto iiit ed for the people rf the United Sia es and
'Btir highest interest-,.
After a few farther remark, Mr. A. look his    '
seat, intimating his intention to reply, if he ihougbt
proper, to anything ihat nvght be said in debate.
Mr ROOSEVELT said that, at this late period
of the session, When the people were looking for g
speedy adjournment oí Congress, and when appro-
priation's like that before the House could not pos-
sibly pass, or at ls?st could not become operative,
he ihougnt it was useless to waste the time of the
House in further discussion. H« thought the
members here had no right to trifle with ihe wants
of the people, who were expecting them to do
something, or go home. Though it was a very
unusual thing for him to move the previous ques-
tion—and he thought it should not be resorted to
except on special occasions—he felt it to be his
duty to move it on the present occasion. He
thought the present was one of those periods when
the previous question might be resorted to with
propriety. The House had this day taken a vote
upon a bi'l passed by the two Houses and returned
by the President with his objections, and the result
was, a lean majority of four votes in favor of the
bill—the same majority by which it was originally
passed. Though ihe numbers for and against the
bill had changed, the majority seemed to be stereo-
typed. It was with a conviction of the necessity
of doing something, that he was induced to move
the ¡ revicus question.
It was plain that the majority, if it meant to
make a bill, had the power to do so, and to proceed
immediately. He thought ¡t was time they were
letting the country know wha' they meant to do.
They had the power, and ought to go ahead without
a suspension of the rules, li they d'd not mean to
do any thing he regarded it as perfectly idle to keep
Congress in session here any longer without pro-
viding means to replenish an exhausted treasury.
True, he was no. one of those who thought the re-
venues of the country in such a bad situation as
tbey were represented to be in, but, taking the op-
posite party as the judge5, who declared the Gov-
ernment to be without means, he considered it
worse than idle, to go on passing claims and
making appropriations when there was no money in
the treasury to satisfy them, and no law to put any
there. We should do something, or go home.
[Cries of "agreed; good "] He reminded the
House, and called the attention of the country to
the fact, that the first veto was sent in before the
SOthof June, when the reduction of duties took
effect, according to law. There was time enough,
thei, to hsve passed a law, and to have prevented
all the evil effects which gentlemen complained
had resulted trom t^e absence of legislation on the
fubject.
[Here Mr Arnold made an interruption; but
was ca'led to order ]
Before the evil now complained of bad arisen, a
friend o* his trom Ohio, [Mr. Wellbr ] backed by
tie united force of th" minority, offered a bill to
contmue m force the rate of duues existing prior to
the 30th of June—a measure wh ch would have
obviated the ptesent difficulties
What was done when this measure was attempt-
ed to be introduced by the gentleman from Ohio?
Objection wa1 m,tde It could not be explained or
debated. A suspension tf the rules was moved;
and, in one «olid column, the m?jonty voted down
tne motion Though re (Mr R ) was one of the
n,ino'i'v who advtcted tae fulfilment of the 20
pc, c«n' duties, as to" empla ed in the eorapro-
m se act, yet h «as wi¡hrg to carry out a higher
ra-e, such ,-s existid ¡.'e^ious to .he 30 h of June.
Wi h lhai view, he had offered a bill to meet the
evi' I' was i oi an ex post facto measure, to render
lawful dunes which had been pa d, but a measure
n ncuced in time lo huv" met and prevented the
cjniirgs'-cy th t oceurr,d on ihe 30th June. Th't.
b ¡1, lik" tha of his fr ->nd from Ohio, was. also ob-
jec ed to, and a rr.otitn to su-pend the rule=, in or-
der 'o re-eiye it, voied dowi by the majoriiy.
Thi ^ tbo same mea ^bo Jie-e insisting that the
co n ry \sr 0\¿ De mjueá for want of legislation,
k pi in sohd coiumn aga'nst even c'nspleriBg any
proposition whatever Ihe ni'no iiy did the best
thev could On t*o sfi'er*! occasion:, they endeav-
jte1 'o set messuies before the Hou-e—measures
which would hive been open ¡o amendment, and
which the majority would have bien under no ob-
