„*rt.'iJit i    ir   I   I     .........                                                        .1............i"      ■'•
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 18,1842.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
New York and Albany Railroad Company, pray-
ing that Congress, in any legislation on the sub-
ject, will continue to the company the right to
import railroad iron on the same terms as hereto-
fore: referred to the Committee on Finance: ard
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the joint res-
olution from the House making provision for tbe
safekeeping of the chart1-, maps, and journals of
the exploring expedition, reported the same back,
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the claim of Joseph Edson.
Mr WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had been referred a bill from
t^e House making appropm'ion for tbe construc-
tion of a sea-wall at St. Augostine, made a report
upon the subject, which wa> ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONRAD introdneed a resolution calling
upon the Solicitor of the Treasury to report to the
next session of Congress all the facts touching the
claim of the 1st municipality of New Orleans to
the tract of land in that city on which the United
States cus'om-h( u«e stands, snd his opinion of the
legality of the title of s&id municipality lo the tract
of land in question
Tbe resolution, after a few remarks by Messrs.
LINN, HUNTINGTON, WOODBRIDGE, and
CONRAD, was laid over, under the rule, and or-
dered to be printed
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pa51, Hoi.se
bill entitled An act to regulate the lakirg of tes' -
mony in contested elections, and for other pur-
poses
The j<int resolution introduced by Mr Chitten-
den, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
carry into effect the provisional contract for the pur-
chase ef a light-house site at the West Pass of the
Mississippi river, was taken up, read the secrnd
time, and, on motion (f Mr BAYARD, referred to
the Committee on Finance
On motion c f Mr WALKER, the Senate agreed
to consider tbe bill from the Hsuse confirming cer-
tain pre-emption claim*; but, having asceitamed
from the cletk that the bill had not been returned
from the printer,
On motion of Mr RIVES, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of eiecutive business, and oc-
cupied the remainder of the day thereon.
Then it adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 18,  1842
Mr. THOS. W. WILLIAMS reported from
the Committee on Commerce the following bills,
which were rea Í twice, and rotntnilted to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
A bill to make the town and haibor of Cold
Spring, on Long IsUrd, in the S'ate of New Yoik,
a port of delivery, and to appoint an assistant col-
lector
A bill for the relief of John Patten, jun , owner
of the fishing schooner Credit, and the master and
crew ef said vessel.
A bill for the relief of Abner Lowell ?nd other ,
owners of fisbirg «ohomer William
yC. Mr. J R INGERSOLL moved that the Com-
mittee of the "Whole be discharged from tbe bill to
define and establish the fiscal year of tbeTr asurj
of the United States, whicn was agreed   o
The bill was then read a third time and pissed
THE VETO—THE TARIFF.
Mr FILLMORE asked permission to report a
resolution from the Commute of Wajs and
Means.
Mr. WISE objected, if it were to interfere with
the regular business.
Mr. BOTTS said he, too, objected, if it rat
withdrawn by the gentleman trotn Virginia. [Mr
Yfm.)
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There were loud cries from all parts of the
House of "What is it?"
Mr. FILLMORE \;aid ne WOuld send it to the 
Chair, to be read for the information of the House
The Clerk read the resolution as follow:
Resolved, That it is expedient to pass anntBer íevenue bill,
the same as that which reqently passed both: Houses of Con
gre&s, and lias been returnejd by the President with his objec
uons lo ihis Hou«e, and, on reconsidéranos lost for want of a
constitutional majonty, entitled "An act to provide revenue
fiom imports and to change and modify exiting laws imposing
duties on impuits, an! for other purposes,? witfi the exception
of the 27th section 0/ said JliII, which repeats the pioviso to
the land distribution act, and so modified as to make tea im
poited m Ameiican vestís fiom beyond the Cape ot Good
Hope, and coffee, free from duty, and that the Committee of
Ways and Means be, and they aie hereby, instructed to leport
such a bill to this House, with all convament despatch
Mr. WISE said be should only occupy thirty-
eight minutes—'hat being the residue of his hour,
which he partially occupied yesterday; and there-
fore it would be but a postponement of a short
time, if theiesolai n were/delayed until he had
finikhed.                              i
Mr. FILLMORE said the resolution, he ap-
prehendtd, would occupy but a lew minute', and
he hoped u would be deposed of The committee
had reported it, m discharge of what they believed
to be then duty
Mr WIPE si d he wou'd net object, if it should
be understood 'hat he had the floor   [Laughter.]
Mr BOTTS .eiteia'ed his objection lo the intro-
duction t f  he rcolntK n
Mr. FILLMORE inquired whe'her, after the
privileged question was disposed of, there would
not be an hour for the reception of reports?
The SPEAKER said 'here w<uld be the usual
m omine hour
Mr FU LMORE iMimated that he would defer
the resolution until the commencement of the morn-
ing hour
Mr WISE then resumed His speech, which mm
partially deliveied yesterday. Ife more particu-
larly read and commented on the following pas-
sage m the majority's report.
"Theypoicpive that the whole legislative power of the ITnun
Ins bren tor the Iai>t filteen months, with legaid to the action
of Conglcss u[ on mtastnes ol vital importance, ¡n a stale of
> suspended animat on strangle 11 y the five times lepeated sti ic
tuieot the Executive cold They ob el\e that under these
unexampled obsti actions to the exercise of their high and kgi
tímate duties tht-y have huhelto pitberved the most let-pccttul
forbeaiance lowatds (he rxeoulive Chief that while he has
timeaftei time, annulled by the mere act of his will, their com
mission from the people to enact laws lor the common wel
fare, they havefoiboine even the e\preqsion of then lescnt
ment foi these multiplied insults and 11 juries, they believed
they ha I a high destiny to fulfil, by admims enng to the peo
pie, in the foim of law, remedies foi the sufTeimgs wlm h they
had too long endured the wilt of one man has fiustnted
all thei labois an t (iiostiaied all then poweis The majority
of the committee It heve that the case has occurred in tin an
nalsof our Union, onnnmphted by the foundeis of (he Con
stltution by the grant to the House of Reptesentativcs of the
power to impeach ihe Presi lent oí the Unl ed States, but they
are aware th it the resou to that expedient mieht m the presen
condition of public affurs, piove abortive They see that the
íneconc hb!e difference of opinion and of anion betwei n the
Legislative andExeoutivo Pepartmentsof ihoGovtinmentit, but
sympathetic with the stm' discordant views an 1 feehrgair cog
Ihe people To them aloi f the final i°sue of the struggle must
be lelt In the sorrow and moitification under the lalluie oí
alt their labors to teckein the honoi an 1 piObperity of tht-ir
countiy it isa cheering consolation to them that ihe termina
tion ot their own (fhual exigence s at han 1 th it they are even
now about to lclu ntiieoeive the sentence of theirconstituents
upon Ihemst Ives that the !etr slative power of th< TJn on cn¡ | le 1
an 1 disabled is it may now I e is about to p iss rLnovaied and
íevivifiel by the will of the | t,op!e into other hauls upon
whom will 'evolve Ihe [aslt of ] tovuling th it remt y I r the
public thstempeis win h their own honest and tgonumg end
gie  havt, in vain endeavo ed to suppl j  '
Th- repoit went on U sKy " Toe pover of tbe
p e^ent Congr"Soto crac liw< essential to th-  wel-
fare of the People ias be n struck w th ?popkx/
by the executive hand." Whence, Ye wqui'td,
c me that cr ? From the «ane suuice [Mi Ad-
am ] * ence c->rne t->e doc ri'e that the íepr en-
alive on h rot to b  palsied by the wi'l of the
penpb ' The r<port, in the ex ract whieh ¡-e h-i
read,sui 'To* t, ijon y of th< ctmpihrc be
11 v th •* tr e ca-e '«as coourrcd, in the aun 1 (í
our Union, co-^'emp aleJ by the founders of the
Con<-ti'ution, by the grant to ihe Hoas« o' Rei re-
srn'át vrs cf ihe pov er to impeach the Preside
of ihe United S'ate<i " i'hev had a majority c(
partisans in the Senate ■ snd why not, then, pre-
fer their articl-s of impeachment ^ He challenged
his colleague [Mr Bf tts] to do so.
Mr. BOTTS said be should do so m his own
good time ; but he gave notice to the gentleman
^
M
that he had not abandoned his intention to impeach
the President, and he should prosecute it at the
next session of Congress [Oh! Oh! and laugh-
ter]
Mr WISE asked his colleague if a better time
could be found than the present, and he called upon
him to redeeo  his pledge to impeach. The gentle-
man [Mr Kotts] had with him a committee of ten
to three to cry out that the President was guilty of
impeachable offences, and 100 to 80 in this House;
but, m«tead of putting the President on bis trial, by
preferring articles of impeachment, they skulked—
ignosmmously skulked—from their duty, and
turned their wrath and fm/ on the sacred instru-
ment—-the Constitution. What was their excuse?
Why, "in the presmt condition of affairs, it might
prove abortive"' "They tee that the irreconcilable
difference of opinion and of action between the
Legislative and Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment is but sjmpatheiic with tbe same discor-
dant views and feelings among the people." They
were palsied by the will of their constituents'-
Brave and noble action' After all tbe impu-
dence and vulgarity with which the charges were
made—after the double declaration of a commit-
tee of ten to three, and a House of 100 to 80
—they retired (rorn the issue vhen brought to the
test Asa friend to the Piesident, knowing there
wa a majority in the Senate against him, he
(Mr. W ) dared them to the trial—he challenged
them to tbe ís'.ue whether the President had
usurped the power—designedly and wilfully usurp-
ed th  power to collect duties He challenged •*
them to go to the S nat  for trial, for they bad no
right t) submu the President to any o'her tribunal.
They could not try him here Let it go to the
Senate, the deposition of which was known; its /
feelings, whether Inendly or unfriendly, were well *
known, and there were men there who belujyeii
the President'o be no bcitei than h? ought w&p. t
He asserted that there was law for the collecfon of '
imports, and lor this ho had the authority of the
gieat, and divtmgu shed, and illustrious Chancellor
Kent. He <ailed upon them, hen, to go bef< re
the Supreme Court on that question, and not, by
the introduction of retroactive bills and by declara-
tions on this floor, hold out invocation's to mer-
chants, in a time ot di tress, to protest and refuse
to pay even the small duties wh ch could now be
collect'd for the support of the Government.
He would submit it to the people of the United
States—to the eonsti'uents of tho«e wbo would
re'urn to leceive thtir sentence—whether the
course ot the majority hero was patriotic Even
it there was doubt m relation to the course to be
pursued, was it not the duty of the officers of the
Government to iske such a course as would pre-
vent the Government from starving? Such, how-
ever, was the desfuctive spint 0( the majority,
that, for the purpose of held ng Capt Tyler, they
weie net only willing to condemn the President,
but ¿lso to prevent the coIIccIk n of revenue The
vhole que lion resolved it elf into thp should the
Consti'uiion be torn in tatter?, mereiy because these
ptntltmen aiedisappo  ted in tbiirsc^fmesi [Here
Mr Wi e's h jut expire d ]
Mt. RAYIlERnext ob ained th1 floor Several
EUjtlemen [Messrs Granger, Giddwgs, and
Boit-,] wshed to make explanation"!, but he de-
clined yielding, H° had patientlv listened to the
«■peech of toe gen'lemin in m Virg ma, [Mr.
"Wise,,] and,'bougn thauentirm in I r 1 commenced
w m 1 era^d flourish ot t'nmpeis be had heard
1 0 h ns; m tbt wa/ of a gofbe it' h,ch was e> tilled
to a '•epiy 1 "est1 o' at a'kmg he irrp'egnable
p m 1 s t 1 11 i-cpo t of the ge" Up in !rtm IMas-
sa 1 ' eit ,l „' n Unían ha! ' skjlket—ignoam-
1. 1, Ivsku 1 ed' — ! e is ues embraced in that report,
<i ! Irl,  i nil' <v cf ' Vjlg"niv"i0r which he
v is reraik b'e as ai'pl f>e in Vidual members
oí the Cumniitc. He (Mr R) repLed in the
language ap'l ed by tbe frcnlleman to the rpem-
bi rs <f th  comn ttce He wodld now give the
gentleman an opportunity '0 say how he intend-
ed it
Mr W1SK siid thai, inasmuch as the gentleman
from North Cirohni had given him an < pp rtum-
ty to say in what sense he had used his l„i ¿uaf>e,
he would declare ¡bat he referred to th¿ action of
