910
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the committee and the House itself. He had said
that the majority of the committee, and the House,
ignominiously skulked from their duty in their pub-
lic and collective capacity. He spoke of the mem-
bers, not in their individual, but in their responsi-
ble, representative character. He had reflected
upon no memb'sr personally—not even his col-
league, [Mr. Botts,] to whom alone he had refer-
red individually, and who did not take exception
to -what he said. It was his intention, however, to
array the conduct cf the committee and the House,
in their collective rapacity, before the people; and
he now repeated the declaration, that their conduct
was marked by impudent vulgarity, without the
courage ot impeachment.
Mr. RAYNER said that, inasmuch as the gen-
tleman from Virginia had disclaimed anything per-
sonal to himself, he would accept the explana-
tion.
Mr. WISE took occasion to pronounce the same
language he bad formerly used towards the course
" of the commi'tee in the House.
Mr. RAYNER continued. He was willing to
retract the remarks he had made in relation to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. WraJ inasmuch
as nothing personal was intended toward*; himself.
But, mas-much as the t.en'leman had made his le-
marks appiy to ¡1 3 whc!e Wh   ^aiti, he weuld
say that the gentleman's farty was subject to the
same charges. He hurled back the language in
the face of the Administration Tj ler party.
Here Mr. BOTTS rose and desired to know
what remarks bad been ad lr?>sed to hira by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wi-e,] and at
which the gentleman said he (Mr. B.) had leken
no offence.
Mr. W1SF c,vd he referred to ih  challenge he
had made to his eol'easue to brm  in bis articles
of lmpea'hsmnt     He ha 1 dared him to do it.
Mf. BOTTci said he had already answered thai
remark
Mr RAYNER resumed, and went n to say
that he stood here upon lbs detersive. When of-
fensive lanauage was used toward, him, he felt it
to be his duty to reply by words, and, if necessary,
by corre-p.mdmg pction. He denied that gentle-
men had any right to dent m'r.a'e the gentl-man
from Massachusetts [Mr. Apams] as the leader
of the Whig party; for that gentleman < f en voted
against the rnajoii'y in the Hou'-e. But, even if
he were the L-ad< r, he was innnitelj "jperioi to the
leaders of the otHer pa'tv in ro h Hou <?s—ope of
whom [Mr John C Calhoin] had hoisted the
banner of nullification, arj tie other [Mr C. J.
Ingersoll] decmrtd that he wou'd have been a
lory had he lived ¡n the days of trie Revol'ition.
He was fomrxtentifg upon tne reports of the
minority, denouncing them as puerile and mUig-
nant attacks <n the Whig pari); when
Mr. GiLMER mterrupied him, and remarked
that the application ¡.4 the term ' puerile" mis;hi be
a matter ot opinn n, but he wished to know whether
the pentleman meant to charge him wi h making
a malignant attack upon the Wh'g party.
Mr RAYNER said he vould answer the ques-
tion when became to examine the gentleman's re-
port.
He proceeded to r< ply to the ¡emarks of the
gentleman from Vi'gima, [ vlr V. ise ] who charged
that the gentleroan iron Masactusrts [Mi
Adams] was t'e pri^e mover a^d leader oí h>e
select committee. He coa d t'l1 the gentir nen
firm Virginia that the-e were membei, of the
commi tte who went mien f'ut'ief m their iiews
than the gentk man f<om Ma «¡schusetts w,-
wilhrg to go. He, (Mr R ) aim ng others, was n
favor oí an ¡mpepchmem of ihe P,esi''en>, but the
gentleman from Ma  aciijseils th< u ht that the
time for U¿> ha1 not yet err.,". The g-ntleman
from Ma" • u tts con.J t oí I' clled > 'e les der,
mere'y bi t Me be w s c- sr ed to diaw up a re-
port expresv^ c; the Vitws of the rp'jon'y
He then otered into «: trgumen against ÚV
veto poner 1. ntercng ili-t it chotld Lp abolish-
ed; and I'-at íV ¡ra, >t* fide < or'ti';!>eri, who
were not . nduej a. h prescience, ei,ed m in ert nj
it m that instrument. He nc,"' reviewed th" re-
port of the gentleman ímb Virginia [Mr. Gil-
mer,] and, though admitting u to be in good tem-
per, pronounced it to be deficient in esprit du corps—
too laudatory of he President, and too much of an
attack on the Whig party. He reviewed the
course of Mr. Tyler in the Virginia Legisla'ure,
upon the distribution of the public lands, and con-
tended that he was committed to the principle of
the law passed at the extra session Next in or-
der he took up the report made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] and criti-
cised it generally. He charged the gentleman
from Pennsylvania with going to the President's,
and playing the jester to that officer; with dmmg
there frequently; with marching there at the bead
of a column of Democratic members, and making a
speech to the President in their behalf; and with of-
fering the famous sentiment of '• veto and ditto "
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and denied em-
phatically the allegations made against him. It
was wholly unttue that he had gone with a b~dy of
Democrats, and made a Epeech to the President,
neither had he offered any sentiment cf "veto and
onto."
Mr. PEARCE here rose and made an explana-
tion, based on the fact that he had stated to the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Rayner] a
conversation between himself and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Vtr. C. J. Ikgersoll,] in
which the latter had seemingly admitted the tru'h
of tLe charge made against him—that he would
have been a tory had he lived in the days of the
Revolution. The substance of the explaration
was, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr
C. J Inoeesoll] had, in his playful way, refened
to the charge made against htm, in order to prove
his in lependenee of chara-ter; rot contradicting
(he charge, but manifesting a s'oical md fferenee
towards it.
Mr. RAYNER said tha* rone of hi; remarks m
relation to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.    !
C. J    Ingsesoll]  were  based  on  the  s atement
made to  him in  conversation  by the gentleman
from Mary'a  d [Mr Fearce ]
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL said he would assur°
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr Raynfr]
that nothing which he had said bad made mm feel
sore tn the least.
Mr. RAYNER. So might the rhinoceros say
Yon must penetrate the skin, in order to hurt
hitn.
Mr SAUNDERS «aid he desired to ask his col-
league [Mr. Ravner] a single ques'ton; and that
was—as his cJieague was absent at t^e time of the
passage of the tariff odl, and as be declined voting
yesterday, though tn his p'ace—he desired to
know wheiher he would have voied for the bill or
net?
Mr. RAlfNER replied, with feeling, that be did
noi recognise any right on the parfof the gentle-
man to interrogate him as ¡0 how he should have
voted on that, or any other question.
Mr. SAUNDERS. Then the gentleman declines
to answer.
Mr. RAYNER then said, had h° been pre?ent he
rather inclined to think he should have voted
against the bill. He answered the q"estion because
he chose to answer it, and not because the gentle-
man had propounded it.
He then went on to a'gue that the distribution
qne-.tion was one of the ma.n and moot geuerü
issues in ihe la^t Presidential contest; and that 11
shou d be regaidsd as settled m that conflict.
Mr. G DAVIS audre-^ed toe House ¡n supf on
of ihf report ard resoln ions, and pnne.psl y i-,
oppo i'ion 10 the veto power. Th.s power, 'Siitn
incorporated m the Constitution, Was intended b^
1 s fr<.mers to be a conservative tne It uas so in
Ihe hind-, ot Was'^gtor, and would be jo ,n t>«
hand, of anv pood Pr'siaent But ths -nticpa
tic ns of our fatheir. bad provi lelu-cy, and it hi
resulted in proving to be as abso ute a veto  s iha'
eie.cis d by the Kmgof E ig,^ ]. H-> *ould a-k
bn rtspe.-t d colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] m who-e
genius, talents, and judgment he had Ihe biglus-
cor fidence—he would a k him if it w-s intende 1
by the frameis of the Cotm'iui on to mcorpca -
m it ?n absolute vao power Th. gen'l mm tiom
Per,ns>lvama contended that this"power in cor
Constituiion was not an absolute one—that it wi s
merely suspensory,   and   intended to refer   the
measure objected to, to the arbitrament of the peo-
ple. But names did not alter things; and any one
who would look into the practical effect of this
power, as recently exercised, would come to the
conclusion that it was as absolute as that of the King
of England, or of the Roman tribunes. He ad-
mitted that the President had the power to veto a
bill; but he had the same power to veto all bills.
Now,' if he should veto all the bills passed by
Corgress, would any one deny that the power
should be expunged from the Constitu ion? Then,
if he should veto a number of bills essential for the
prosperity and well-being of the country, several
limes m cuccession; ought not the power, for the
same reason, to be abolished? After a reply from
Mr. D. to the remarks of Mr. Wise—
Mr. ARNOLD said that this question, as had
been well remarked by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, was abuve all other questions; and, there-
fore, if gentlemen thought proper to debate it fully,
he had no objections He should not, as it had
been apprehended, move the previous question.
He considered it above all the other questions of
the country—aboye the tariff; above the question
of distr bntion; and above all other questions, ex-
cept that of, liberty itself. la fact, it was of itself
the very qu^'ion cf liberty.
If h- cou'd ¡wve been astonished at anything in
this House, hj should have been astonished jester-
day at the decUration of the gen'leman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] thathe ¡nought a Govern-
ment of a majority vas the worst Government in
tne woild. He was surprised also to hear the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] say that he con-
curred most heara'y m the sentiments of the gen-
tleman f'Oin Kentucky, which to him (Mr. A.) ap-
peared 10 strike at the very foundations of the
Government, and ea'culated to throw us into anar-
chy and confusion Talk about the doctrines of
Fanny Wright, and ot Robert Dale Owen, or any
of those agrarian infidels which went to the de-
struction of all law and order! Tney were but as
a farthi&g rushlight to thp tun, in comparison with
the doctrines avowed by these gent'emen.
Mr. PROFF1T asked leave to make an
explanation; and on Mr. Arnold's declining to
yield ihe floor, said that one of his constituents
(Mr. Owen) had been unjusUy assailed, and what
was said of him was not true.
Mr. ARNOLD said that, when the gentleman
from Kentucky and the gentleman from Virginia,
who acted as the mouth-piece of the President
be>e, get up, hnd advocate such doctrines, he would
say ihat they were far more dangerous than any of
the agraran doctrines that had" been preached in
Nesv York and elsewhere. It was equivalent to
saying that the people were not capable of self-
government, Our ancestors thought that the peo-
ple were capable of self government; but, in the
short space of fifty years, a doctrine had got into
Congress, that ihe minority should rule the majori-
ty; and it had become a question whether the one-
man power in th.s country was supreme, and
whether the Executive had all the legislative as
well as tha executive pover in the Government.
Mr. A looked u ^on tr.c sp"tch of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] as an effort to
gam admitiai.ee into the Demociaic party. It
wab like an 1 lien's filing his declaration and ap-
plication furemzensh'p upon h s first entering into
the counts); and the time chosen by the gentle-
man was, when ¡he prospects of ihe Whig party
appeared to be gloomy. When the clouds hang
darkly a.ound us, («aid Mr. A ,) our friends are
bepinnr g to ltave us.
Mr. ¿  said that sentlemen hnre, vith the most
sanctirnirieus countenance, exclaimed that the
Constitution was so «?cred snd venerable an m-
sl'UTicrit, that it would not do to touch it. This
was ? new-born zcal. Did the frameis of Ihe
C'n^imttoii hold it in such high esteem? No;
•hey looked upon it as good men do upon poor,
frail human nature—necessarily imperfsct, aid
-susceptible of amendment; wbnh could be made
m 'he pri giess cf Hi"?, as pom ed oat by experi-
ence. At the very time that they framed this in-
■«'ruinint, 'hcj supposed (bat a great many defects
would be fo md in it, which th ir chortsightedness
did not then enable them to discover; and they
