012
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; which motion was rejected.
Reports then were made from the following com-
mittee1;:
By Mr. ANDREWS, of Kentucky: From the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. TALIAFERRO- From the Committee
on Revolutionary CUims
By Mr STRAITTON: From the Coramittee on
Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. McCLELLAN of New York: From
the Committee on Patents, viz.
The bill from the Senate, in addition to the act
entitled An act to promote the progress of the
useful ars>, and to repeal all other ac's on the sub-
ject, without amendment
From the Committee of Ways and Means ■ Mr.
FILLMORE reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That it 13 expedient to pass another revenue bill, .
the same aa that which recently parsed both Houses of Con
gressandhas been returned by the President, wuh hisobjec
uons, to this House, and, on reconsideiation, lost for want of
the con tltutional majority, entitled "An act to pi ovule reve
nue from imports, and to change an 1 modify existing laws im
posing duties on imports, and (or other purposes,' with the ex
cepuon of the 27th section of said bill, which lcpeah. the pro
viso to the land distribution act, and so modified as to make tea
imported from beyond the Cape of Gjod Hope, and coffte, mi
ported m American vessels, free from duty , ("rid 'hat the
Committee of Ways and Means be and they are hereby, in
structed to report such a bill to this House wtli all convenient
despatch
Mr. F , after stating the objects of the resolution,
observed that he had reported it as the organ of
the Committee of Wajs and Means, only tor the
purpose of testing the sense of the House t n the
subject, and of ascertaining whether it was practi-
cable to pass another levenue measure at ihis ses-
sion; but that, si'uated as he whs, he should de-
cline voting on it himself. Mr F. then called for
•'"toe previous question.
■Mr  BOTTS moved to lay the •resolution on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WARREN moved a call of the House, which
was not carried.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia «aid he would be grau-
fied if the gentleman from New York would let the
resolution lie till to-morrow.
Mr. FILLMORE declining—
The question was then taken on Mr. Bott¿'s
motion to lav the resolut!on on the table, and re-
jected—yeas 75, nays 103
YEAS—Messrs. Adam , Landaff W. Andre '";,
Arnold, Arnngton, Athenon, Botts, Aaron V.
Brown, Buike, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Camp
bell, Thoí. J Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey,
Chapman. Clifford, Coles, Mark A Cooper,
Cravens, Cros«, Daniel, Dawuot , Doan, Egbert,
Gamble, Gilmer, Gojjin, Wm O Good., Gra-
ham, Green,Habersham, Holmes, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hunter, Wm. Co«-t Jjhnson, Cave
Johnson, John W Jones, King, Lane, Lewis,
Linn, Littlefield, Abraham McClellan, McKay,
McKeon, Mallory, John T Mason, Mathiot,
Mathews, Owsley, Payne, Riyner, Reding, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Rogers, Roo>.e p t, Sarnders, Snaw,
Shield , William Sm.ih, Steenrod, Samter, John
B Thomp«on, R W. Thompson Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Underwood, Warren, Washington, Jos
L. Whi'e, J?mes W, Wniiams, and Wcod—75
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Sherlock J Andrews,
Appleton, Aycris?, Bal er, üarnard 8-rton, Bee-
sou, Bidlack, B idseH', Bidir, B jar lman, Borden
Brockway, Milton Bro ¿in, Jeremiah Brown, Bun-
nell, Chittenden, John C Cla-k, Jim"t> Co >per,
Cowen, Cranston, Cusawg, G irett Dav s, R D
Davis, D^an, John F.iwarcK E/p'ott, Ferrn, f es~
senden, Fit m ire, John G Fiojd, Gentry, Patrie*
G. Goode, Gordon, Granger, Ha 1, Halted, H„vv,
Howard, H1 dson, Criarles J Ingeiíoil Johou R
Ingersol!, Jarnos Irvn, Wm W Irwin, Ke m,
John P. Kennedy, Robe-t McC'e'lan, McKennan, I
Tilomas F. Marshal, Sa non Ma en, Mattoi )•-,, ¡
Maxwtll, Majnard, Mt'ore, Morgón, Voins, Mor- '
row, Ntwna d, OaDoine, P< rrnt nter, Pe'ier, per,
dleton, Pliraer, Pope, P^d), P tffi', Rrtm'c.,,
Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph,
Read, Ridaway, Riggs, Rodney, Willum Russell,
James M. Russell, Saltons'ali, Saoford, Sheppcrd
Slade, Truman Smith, Sian'y, Stra'ton, Jshn T.
Smart,Taliaferro, Tillinghaat, Toiand, Tomlmson,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Triplet', Tfumbuil, Van Burén, Van Rennselaer,
Wallace Ward, Weller, Edward D. White, Thos
W.  Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Wise, Yorke, and A. Young—103
Mr. FILLMORE moved a call of the House;
which being ordered, (ayes 82, noes 60) the roll
was called, and 189 members answered to their
names.
The absentees being called, it was found thai 211
members were present.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, farther pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York desired to
know whe.her his colleague [Mr. Fillmore] had
not announced his determination not to vote on
either side on the resolution? [Loud cries of "or-
der, order "]
Mr FILLMORE answered that he had.
The CHAIR said that the question was^ out of
order.
Mr. HAYS of Virginia inquired whether he
could not have a division of the question on the
reso'ution, and quoted the 4l3t rule, which is m the
following words:
Any member may call for the division of a question, which
shall be divided if it compie'iend propositions m substance
so c'istinct that, me being taken away, a substantive proposi
tion shall 1 emain for the decision of the House
The SPEAKER said that this was not the time
to ask for a division. The proper time would be
when they were about votirg on the resolution.
Mr. HOLMES raised the question of order,
wheiher the Committee of Ways and Means had
a right to offer this resolution without further m-
strucion from ihe House: said commiitee having
exhausted its functions in reporting the tariff bul
vetoed by the President, and Ijst upon a reconsid-
eration by the House, and the. House having a'oo
distinctly refused to refer the ^u!,ject to them agam.
The SPEAKER overruled the po nt of order
Mr PROFFIT wanted to ask a question of the
Chair. [Loud ones of "order."] Hewan'edt)
know if the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Mean , who was not going to vote himself,
ought to gag others by calling the previous question.
Th' previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered.
The yeas and nays on the main question, (being
the adoption of the resolution,) having been called
for, were ordeied.
Mr. HAYS here called for a division of the res-
olu'i' n, so as to take the question on that part of
it which declares that it is expedient to pass another
revs nue bill, and referred to the rule of the House
he had ju<l cWd.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out of
ore'er, on the ground that, if the first division should
be rejected, there would be no sense m the re-
mainder.
Mr. HAYS appealed from ths decision of the
Chair; but, on taking the vote, it was sustained by
the House
The question on the adoption of tbe resolution
was thpn put; and the roll having been c&lied
through,
Mr. WISE inquired of the Chair if he was
not bound to vote'
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmativ .
Mr WISE aga.n mqu r d if the A's, li' ,  C\
&c did not come on the roil before the Wy
The SPEAKER replied that they did.
Mr. WISE said he woull inform   the Speaker
t' at there were several gentlemen near hi>ii who
hau not voted    H- would name two as a speci-
men and give their n lines because bee aid vouco,
i ir th m.   They were Mr. Mathiot of Ohio, ?nd
M'  Calh un of Massdchusttts.
Mr. McKENNAN called ihe gentleman to tide .
Mr.   WISE ¡ose  to  annouree that  if Messrs
Mathiot    id Calhoun voted, he -would vote.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New Ymk asked wheth
erhis c llegue from the Buffalo d s rict, [Mi
Fillmore ] and h's colleague f-om the Albany
district, [iVlr Raynaud ] had voiid.
The SPEAKER answerel that they had no,
and tfat it ia< out ot the power of the Chair to
compel members to vote, without some artion b}
the House
Mr WISE asked it it was in order to mike
members vote.
The SPEAKER said something, not heard by
the reporter.
Mr. WISE. Then I move that the Clerk call
the names of those members who have not voted.
He pointed to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means as one.
The SPEAKER said that he had no power over
the subject. If the gentleman from Virginia would
name any one who had not votsd, and send his
name to the Chair, he would put the question to the
House.
Mr. WISE said that he would do so.
Messrs CALHOUN and MATHIOT here voted
no.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York desired the
Clerk to call the name of his colleague, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Fillmobe,] and his colleague from the Albany dis-
trict, [Mr. Barnard.]
Mr FILLMORE said he would save the gentle-
man fuither trouble on his account, and as he had
be n earnestly solicited by several of his friends
around him to vote, he would vote no.
Mr. WISE Th<m I vote no, and withdraw my
point of order.
Several more votes were then taken, and the
Cha'r announced the vote to be yeas 86, nays
114, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews,
Appleton, Ayrngg, Baker, Breson, Bidlack, Birds-
eye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Brockway, Jere-
miah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Chittenden, John
C. Clark, Cowen, Cranston, Cushmg, Garrett Da-
vis, Richard D. Davis, John Edwards, Everett,
F--rn-, Fecscnden, Gerry, Giddings, P G. Goode,
Granger, Hall, Halsted, Howard, Hudson, Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R Ingersoll, James
IrviL, William W liwm, Keim, McKennan, T.
F Marshall, Samson Masen, Ma tocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morn*, Morrow, New-
hard, O borne, Partnenter, Pendleton, Plumer,
Pope, Powell, Proffit, Ram«ey, Benjamin Randall,
Randolph, Read, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, Wm.
Russell, James M. Russell, Saltons all, Sanford,
S'ade, Truman Smith, Stratton, John T. Stuart,
To'and, Tomlmson, Trumbull, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Ward, Westbrook, Edwsrd D. White,
Thomas W. William , Jos. L. Williams, Yorke,
and Augustus Young—86
NAYS—Messrs. Adam , Landaff W. Andrews,
Arnold, Arnngton, Atherton, Barton, Black, Botts,
Boyd, Milton Brown, Burke, William 0. Butler,
Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, John
Campbell, William B Campbell, Thos. J. Camp-
bell, Carutners, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford,
Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A Cooper, Craven ,
Cross, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Doan, John C. Ed-
wards, Egbert, Fillmore, John G Floyd, Gamble,
Gentry, Gilmer, Goggin, William 0. Goode, Gor-
don, Graham, Green, Gwm, Habersham, Harris,
Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hunter, William Cost Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, John P. Kennedy, An-
drew Kennedj, King, Lane, L wis, Linn, Little-
field, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan,
McKay. McKeon, MMlory, John Thomson Ma-
son, Mathiot, Ma1 thews, Medill, Miller, Mitchell,
Owsl.-y, Payne, Alexander Randall, Rayner, Red'
in-, Reynolds, Rhett, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders,
Shaw, Shppperd, Shie ds, William Smith, Sollers,
S¡ r git S snlj, S eenrod, Alexander H. H Stuart,
Summers, Sumter, Tali «ferro, John B. Thompson,
Richaid W Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Triplett,
Tuney, TTiderwood, Warren, Washington, Wat-
t< r^on, We.le", Jos-p'i L Wh'te, J. W Williams,
C H. WilUms Wi-e, and Wood—114
M*. W. W. I.IWIN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable hira to introduce a bill entitled An
act to provide revenue from ímpor's, and to change
rid modi') existing laws imposing du'ies on na-
pe s, a"d for olher pnrpos's; and on this question
he ea'led for the yeas and n¿ys
Messrs GRANGER and BO ITS at the same
tin e ros° anl moved ¡n adjournment
Mr. W W IRWIN called ror the yeas and
n.js on the question; which were ordered, and re-
sulted in yeas 110, nays 80.
So the House adjourned.
