916_________      _
god of bat les. He believed, however, there
was an end to that appeal now. What next?
When the question was what form of a tariff
should be enacted, his remedy for the distresses of
the people of the United States was to go into a
crusade against the Constitation. When the peo-
ple were in. an agony of distress, appealing te
Congress to decide on this question, irrespective of
these minor questions, what was his colleague's
proposition? To alter the veto power—that the
people should wait and suffer for two years, till it
should be found on whom the distret* bore the
heaviest. What was his third reason? It was, that
as there was now no law for the collet tion of rev-
enue, the logical reason was, that none should be
made. We are wi'hcut law, the President is, levy-
ing ship-money, and the remedy was to ga on with-
out law, and levy ship-money after the manner of
Charles the First. It would appear to plain com
mon sense that, if there was no law, they should go
to work and enact one; if there was an unlawful
and tyrannical levy cf ship money, thfy should
abolish it, and provide for tbe collection of dunes
in a lawful way bu', did his colleague propose
that? No; he was for having no law, and lor
altering the C nstitution. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McKenhan] the other day
moved to introduce a bill the same as that returned
by the President, wuh his objection; with tbe ex-
ception cf the clause repealing the proviso in the
distribution act, and containing a provision ex-
empting tea and coffee from duty. Why did his
colleague and other gentlemen refuse to let
that bill ii? It could not bave been because
coffee and and tea were put upon the free list.
He did not understand that any gentleman voted
against that proposition, or against the bill of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] be-
cause tea and coffee were exempted from doty.
What were the objections, then, which pieventcd
the intioduction of that measure? One made by
one side of the House was, that it was in the de-
declara'ory form, and provided that a particular
bill should be introduced, instead ef prowdmg
simply for the intnductien of a revenue measure
The other was, that the present semi-revolutionary
state of things should continue. He apprehended
that, with many gentlemen, the principal reason
why H was voted against, was, because it gave up
the distribution question. Now, what were the
reasons why the land-till question should not be
given up? Mr C. then proceeded to show why, in
the sta'e of tiling*, the land question should be
given up; and continued his remarks on ¡his branch
of bu subject till the close of his hour.
Mr GRANGER observed, that he came into the
hall this morning determined to take no part in
the discussion But the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr CdsHing] had proceeded bu  a few mo-
men s with his remarks and m reading a lesson on
legislative propriety to the House, when n  changed
his mind, and determined that he would make a
fea obkervations in reply. The gentleman haviPg
commented on what he was pleased to consider the
glaring inconsistencies of his (Mr G.'s) course, he
felt bound, in self-defence, to enter into ihe discus-
sion. Before proceeding, however, to notice the
gentleman from Massachusetts, as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] was now in his place,
he would call his attention to a paragraph in the
Inteibgencer of last Saturday to the folloving ef-
fect:
"Mr Wise said he knew his friend from Kentucky [Mi TJn
derwood] did not mean to insult him when he asked him
whether the President would sign the bill without the land
clause But he should not answer that question He would
put a «top to this thing at once he should answer that question
to no man, he regarded it as insulting to the President But
there was one member on that floor who had it m Ins power to
say whether the Presldenl was justly charged with selfishness
and ambition in vetoing either the bank hill or this
"Here Mr W 's hour expired
"Mr Wi&e was understood to refer to Mr Granger, and ad
mitted to Mi O that he did, whereupon Mr G said he should
talk with him about that another time '
All that he believed to be correct, a-< stated It
would be remembered that this report wont on to
say that the gentleman was cut off by the expira-
tion of his hour That was the reason why he
was prevented Horn leplyiog at the time,. He did
not believe that  the  gentleman  from Vtrg'ma
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would say anything to his disadvantage; but it was
due to himself, in order to guard against the mis-
representations of a pensioned press, to have the
matter fully explained.
Though the relations between him«elf and the
Piesident were at one time of the most confidential
nature, and though the gentleman from Virginia
seemed to think that the remark would be insur-
ing from the gentleman from Kentucky, >ethe
would take no exception to that. The gentleman
must be aware that this paragraph was capable of
two meaning ; either that he advised the President
to veto the bank bills, or that—
[Hete, in consequence of an interruption from
Mr. Wise, the concluding part of the seats nee was
lost ]
Mr. WISE (in explanation) disclaimed any in-
tention lo cast anv reflection on the genileman from
New York, and begget' him to understand it so
It was, known that, on almost every question before
them, some gentleman or other—not in the spirit of
inquiry, not even in the spirit of impertinent cu-
riositv"; bul in the spirit of taunt boih to the Presi-
dent and himself—had put to him interrogatories as
to what the President would or would not do, pre-
cisely as if he was his conscience-keeper In re-
puhion of this habit of thus catech'smg him,
which had grown up to be an intolerable evi1, he
tola his friend near htm, knowng ihat he would
understand the remark as coming from a friend,
that he would answer no such qupstions, consider-
ing them insults both to the President and himst'f
He knew the spirit in which such questions were
asked, for the other day, when the gentleman from
New York, in the course of his remark', said "that
if the Administration were wise," he heard it re-
marked near him, "we bave a Wise Administra-
tion already " He would not reply, therefore, to
his friend from Kentucky, when a que tion was
asked implying that he had any control over tbf
President of the United State'. The President had
exhibited to the world, and to some relenting gen-
tlemen here, how hard it was to control him. Tney
had endeavored to control him, and had been dis-
appointed; and hence the clamor that was raised
about Executive usurpation, and Executive dicta-
tion.
Mr. WISE then came to his explanation, and
said he never stood in such a relation to the President
of ihe Untied States as to enable him to know in,i-
mateiy and officially hie cabinet -eciets. He had
never been in the cabinet with the President, ard
he wished to put no question to those who had
be-n in the cabinet wuh him. Some who bad
been with the President in his cabinet—(but not
the gentleman from New York—to his honor be it
spoken)—h?d so far disregarded those confidential
relations which ought to have been held sacred be-
tween a President and bis cabinet. He (Mr.
W ) put no question to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr Granger;] but he turned one of his
own kind—a bird of his own feather—he meant
in politics—over to him, to ask him whether,
from the evidence he had had, from the inti-
macy which had existed between him and the
President, and ihe opportunities which he bad en-
joyed of knowing tbe real truth, he knew that
there was any founoation for that often reiterated
charge on that floor, that the President founded bis
policy, and the policy of this Government, on his
own selfish aspirations. He (Mr W ) asked not
the question, he called not upon the genileman
from New York to disclose anything, and if oiher
goutlemen chose to inquire, he (Mr W ) d d not,
whe her tbe imputation was true or fal«e, and he
had the public evidence and knowledge which every
other gentleman had, that the gentleman from Ne'v
York had been in such relation, with the President
that he could know it.
Mr. GRANGER expressed himself lo be satis-
fied He then observed that he had a few words
to say to the centlernan from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cc«hing ] When he reflected ihat that genileman
had voted for every hill that the President had ve
toed, and hsd then derended every veio which the
President had sent ihem, he had been not a little
phzzled to know how to defend his position
He remembered once having heard of a good
woman, who, when asked some question respecting
ihe character of her neighbor, whose name was
Jones—not John Jones of the Madwoman—replied,
"I don't like to say anything about my neighbors.
Sometimes I think, and then again I don't know,
but arter a while I think he'll turn out to be just
such a man as I take him to be " The gentleman
was like a man he saw a short time since in the
circus, who came forward ready dressed and equip-
ped to ride any horse that might be brought out
for him First the gentleman from Massachusetts
rode the bank pony, rnd that having run to death,
he mounted the veto charger. The second bank
roadster, then the tariff palfry, and lastly, tbe stout-
limbed tariff hunt r, were mounted in their turn;
aid the veto animals were as complacently mount-
ed and were seated wuh as much seif-'atisfaction.
The gentleman had voted for every bill, and then
had justified every veto, and every act of Execu-
tive encroachment on this House, with a servility
which the gen'leman Irom Accomac [Mr. Wise]
wi uld have scorned.
Mr WISE Order, order. Tne remark is per-
sonal.
The CHAIRMAN intimated that the gentleman
from New York was out of order.
Mr GRANGER toen continued bis remarks on
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and spoke at
great length.
Mr MARSHALL obtained the floor when he
had implied.
Mr CUSHING entreated the gentleman from
Ken ucky to yeld the floor to him, to give him the
oprorturUy to rpply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr MARSHALL said he would gladly oblige
the gentleman from Massachusetts if he should be
entitled to ihe floor when the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts bad finished, and hii own time would
not be reduced by the time the gentleman from
Massachusetts might occupy.
The CHAIRMAN said that the time of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky would be diminished by tbe
amount he might concede to the gentleman from
Massachusetts
Mr. MARSHALL then declined to yield the
floor He said he had desired the opportunity to
say something on the subject before the committee;
and Le regietted that the state of his health was
such that it would be scarcely possible that he
could make himself heard. The question, he pre-
sumed, was a question of revenue, and the policy
that ought to be pursued by Congress in the present
conjunc ure of affairs He understood that the
proposition of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Barnard] was before the committee, with a mo-
t on to amend it by ihe gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr C J Ingersoll ]
Another gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. W.
W Irwin] had also submitted a proposition; and
he (Mr Marshall) proposed briefly to stale his
own views of that most important ma'ter, before
he sat down. He voted yesterday for the proposi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means. Ho
voted for that proportion in good faith; by which
he meant that if the bill itself had been introduced,
and they had been brought to a direct vote on the
subject, he should have su tamed by his vote the
proposition of the Committee of Ways and Means,
as the best thing the majority <f the House could
do, under the eircumslanees. The aspect of affairs,
as it struck him, was then greaily changed since
that vote was taken, and events, which he appre-
hended were taking place since they had got into
these difficulties, he feared were now taking place.
if a portion of the Whig party—for it seemed on this
question they were divided—should unite with the
enure ma«s of the minority in this House, the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
C. J. Ingersoll] would be carried. If a frag-
ment of the Whig party, and a small fragment of
the Wh'gs at the other end of the Capitol should
um'e wi h the minority—with the entire mass of
•the minority—on this question, the resolution to
adjourn on Monday next would continue to lie on
the table of the Senate. A very small number
united with the mass of the minority, would not
only kfiep that resolution on the table, but would
pai-i this bill, if it came to the Senate from this
House.   Now, notwiihstandu g he was told (for
