I
"i- „ ,    '■'• ■■'.......'"' :"■•"•'  •','" '   ~ ■■       ---------
supply adequate means for the support of ihe Gov.
eminent.' That- thereis neither ** ad^q'ja'e reve-
nue, nor an adequate law for the collecúon oí rev-
enue, is (tosay the least of it) a matter of extreme
doubt. How could gentlemen reconcile it to them-
selves, and to their constituents, to adjourn and go
home, while sneb troubles exist? He, for one, could
not do it. It would not do to say a loan had b«en
authorized; for it was now beyond a doubt that
this loan would not be taken, because no adequate
guaranty bad been offered for its redemption or in-
terest. * To render that loan available, it seemed to
him that Congress should at least show to those
who have it in their power to accommodate the
Government, that it is not ouly capable, but dis-
posed, in the first place and beyond all other ques-
tions, to make adequate provision for the supply of
the public treasury by revenue.
The capacity and disposition of Congress to
present a plan of adequate revenue, must first
be manifested before any authorized loan can
be available. Confidence must be inspired by a
determnation to avert the impending dishonor anil
disgrace which threaten the Government. He
knew it was not in the power of the Senate to ini-
tiate a measure of revenue; but it could give ihe
other House a fair chance of revi ingils own ac-
tion, and arriving at a more matured decision.
After Such reference, if that House should deliber-
ately decide upon doing nothing further, the Sen-
ate at least would feel that it had done its duty—
all that it was in its power te do.
The matter was now come, not merely to the
question whether the revenue should be more or
less, but whether tbeie should be any revenue at
all; and if there was a. reasonable doubt of
the authority to collect any revenue, it amount-
ed to a doubt whether the -Government, if
left in such a condidon, would not be left to
fill into dissolution. To go home in such a
state of things, would be to desert our posts
and betray our trust. In what condition wouid
we stand before our constituents and the whole
country, if, when we have adjourned, it shall turn
out (as by the decision of the Supreme Court it
may) that we have left the Government without
revenue or adequate resources? How shall we
answer our neglect of duty to the country?
Mr. SMITH of Indiana. Answer the question
with the veto.
Mr. PRESTON. Answer it with the veto!
What answer will that be, against a duty we might
perform? Will it do to say we had a great game
to play with the Executive, and that we slaked the
country en the issue, and were beaten? Are we
to acknowledge that we staked the country in a game
of war between ourselves and the Executive—at
any odd."-? The country, the stake between us
and the President of the United Sta'es ! On no such
game will I (observed Mr. P., with energy) consent
to place my country at stake. He did not desire
to express himself on this subject interaperately,
and should therefore refrain from saying much
which his feelings naturally prompted him to say.
But be should say that a great and paramount duty
was to be performed; and so long as there was a
possibility left of performing that duty, he should
stay to accomplish it.
Mr. P., after an energetic appeal in favor of a
measure of adequate relief which all parties could
support, moved 10 amend the joint resolution, by
changing the day of adjournment to the 29th inst.
Mr. TALLMADGE did not think Congress
yet prepared to fix ihe day of adjournment, though
he had sanguine hopes that day would be found
not very distant. He concurred wilh the Sena-
tor from South Carolina [Mr. Prestom] in his
desire that something should be done to adjust
the revenue before Congress adjourns. He be
lieved it was now agreed, on all hands, that there
was no revenue, because there was no law for its
collection. If, however, the law of 1832 could be
enforced for the collecticn of reven oe, according
to the law of 1833, the industrial interests of this
country might be equally ruined as if the proieciion
of 20 per cent, did not even exist. For, before
Congress would meet again, demands on the treas-
ury for five millions of dollars for drawbacks
might be made, and then applied by a process,
COÑGÜESSÍONAt GLOBE.
(which he explained in detail,) whereby the coun-
try could be flooded wilh foreign manufaetuted
goods, sufficient for the consumption of the country
for five years tocóme. As he had strong hopes
something wouid be done in the other House
within a few days, he would move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. YOUNG called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed a wish to make
a few remarks, and hoped the motion would be
wiihdrawn.
Messrs. TALLMADGEandYOONG assenting,
the motion to by on the table, and the call for the
yeas and nays, were withdrawn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then addressed the Senate
at some length, and with much energy. He thought,
in every point of view, it was best to act upon the
resolution at once. The question of revenue, for
which it was kept back in the Senate, was, in re-
ality, a question of initiation, with which the Sen-
ate could not inteifere; and as it could not exercise
any conirol, there was no use in keep.ng ihe reso-
lution back from the House, which alona had the
matter entirely in its own hands. It was for
the House to say whether it would or would
not do aa>thing at present with resprct to
revenue. If it would, it could fix its own time for
adjournment; but if it would not, all the Senate
could expect would be to have such a modification
as would enable it to get through its duties,—and
he thought that could be done by Wednesday;
though, if other gentlemen preferred Thursday, he
should not object. He could not, however, see
the propriety of putting it off to Monday.
He htd but a word or two to say in reference to
what had fallen from the gentlemen who had pre-
ceded him. He thought he regretud the condition
of the country and the Government as much as
any man could be capable of doing. He also re-
gretted the condition of the treasury. Ha would
willingly relieve boih, if he could. But he iea'ed
it could not be done without the sacrifice of rights
and principles which he considers d paramount to
the mere question cf money supplies.
If it could be shown that further exertions could
be made without any saenfi-e of sac!ed rights snd
principles, he would be willing and ready to make
them. But he did not sgree wiih the gentleman,
[Mr. Preston,] who imagined that Congiess
should be held responsible for adjourning without
further exertions than had been made. If the
country is in a disastrous condition—if the treasu-
ry is bankrupt—if the Government ¡3 without reve-
nue, or law for its collection—who is responsible 1
Certainly not the majority in Congiess. That ma-
jority had tried every measure for ihe benefit of
tbe country, which wisdom and patriotism could
dictate; but it had been thwarted and defeated by
the Executive, and on him al ne the respon-
sibility would rest. Why should a majority be
held responsible, whose every effort had been
frustrated? It had had to contend, not only against
a firm and united party, opposed to all its had-
ing measure?; but against an Executive who had
united, in his own will, all legislative as well as
executive power. The question had been asked,
would Congress dare to adjourn without doing any-
thing more? and how would the people's repiesent-
atives stand before the country and their constitu-
ents? He, for or,e, was prepared lo go home and
vindica'e his course before his constituents and the
world. He was sure his honorable friend from
South Carolina did not mean the construction
which might be given to his decoration, that the
majority in Congress was responsible for leaving
the Government in its present condition. A ma-
jority which, by the will of one man, was cut off
from its legislative power, could not be to blame
for not legislating only in compliance with execu-
tive dictation.
Mr. C , after expressing his views at considera-
ble length, proposed to amend the resolution, by
inserting either Wednesday'or Thursday, inMead
of Mondav next.
Mr. RIVES observed that the hour was come
at which it had been agreed tbe Senate should re-
sume the consideration of executive business. He
should therefore move to lay the resolution on the
table.
019
Mr. YOUNG called for the yeas'-and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the réSotoíoii
was laid on the table: jeas 25, nays 23, as' fdljoiw's*   .
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Berrien, Benton, Biicnanatt, Calhouli,
Choate, Conrad, Crafts, Cultiberl, Evans, Fulton, Huatinston,
Kerr, Kin?, Lino, Phelps, Porter, Rive's, Sevier, SiminojW,
Spra£rne,Stvjrgeon,Tallrnadge, Wilcox, and Williams—20.   "
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bjgby, Barrow, BaySrd,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Graham, Henderson, Mangum*
Merrick, MiUer, Morehead, Preston. Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Tappan, White, Woodlmry, Woodhrk%e",
Wright, and Young—23.
On motion of Mr. RIVES, the Senate then-went'
into executive session; and, after some hours spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.   ■
Saturday, August 20, 1840.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland called the alien-
tmn of tbe Houre to some remarks made by ftír.
Bidlack yesterday, and r< ported in the National
Intelligencer this morning, expressing. bis do,trt>ts
as to the genuineness of the signatures to a me-
morial from the State of Pennsylvania, praying *
tor the issuing stocks by tbe Federal Government,
to be distributed among the States, and presented
some days since by Mr. J ; and in which remarks
Mr. B had expressed the belief that the memorial
was presented in good faith by Mr. J.
Mr. BIDIACK made an explanation in reply;
and was followed by Mr. JOHNSON, the result of
which was, that Mr. J. contended for the genuine-
ness of the signatures, and Mr. B. repeated that
they appeared to him as if they were all written by
the same person, thoush fce did not believe that the
genlemau from Maryland had any doubts of the
authenticiiy of the memorial when he presented it.
[Mr. B. heie held u  tbe manuscript, and ex-
hibited it to the House.]
Mr JOHNSON offHed a resoluiion that a me-
morial on the same subject, which he then present-
ed, together with the oibers presented by him some
days since, be referred to a select committee, with
instructions particularly to inquire into their au-
thenticity. After some remarks, Mr. J. moved to
susp-nd the rules to let in his resolution.
On takins the question, the mo'ion was rejected.
Trie following bills from the Senate were then,
read twice, and referred:
The act supplementary to the act to provide for
the adjustment of titles to lands in the town of De-
troit.
The act making compensation to pensioor
agents.
The act for the relief of John W. Skidmore.
The bill for the organization of ihe marine corps,
and for other purposes.
The act to provide for ascertaining and disposing
of the mineral lands of the United Stales in Mis-
souii and Aikansas, and in the Territories of Iowa
and Wisconsin; and
The act for ihe relief of Thomss B. Parsons.
The House then took up the bill entitled An
act to confirm the sales of public lands in certain
caves, wiih ihe amendments of tbe Senate; the
qu-htion being on concurring in the amendments.
Mr. FILLMORE made some observations in
opposition to the amendment, and concluded by
n.oving the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi rose and ap-
pealed to the gentleman from New York to with-
draw the previous question, to illow him to ex-
plain the section.
Mr. FILLMORE withdrew his motion, on con-
dition that the gentleman from Mississippi would
consume but little time, and wou'd renew it.
Mr, THOMPSON said the object cf ihe gentle-
man from New Yoik was a jcM ore. He desires
u< to prevent this House from sanctioning a fraud.
He (Mr T.) desired to do the same thing; and
for that very purpose, and with that very intent,
the section was introduced into this bill. In the
year 1841, thesystrmof pre emp'ions waschanged.
Before that time, all pre-emption laws had beea
retrospective; but ihs law of 1841 was prospective
in its operation. This has been the fruitful source
of all the mischief which we propose to remedy-
by this bill. The difficulty occurs in this way:
Designing men go to the land office, and examine
