éa$
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Finance, to which had been referred a petition from
Citizens of Oaio, praying that a port of entry may
be established at Maumee city, made a report in
favor of the indefinite postponement of the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, wuh an amendment,
House bill for the relief of J B. De Bellevieu, and,
on motion of Mr. W., the bill was forthwith con-
sidered as m corrmittee of the wbo'e Toe amend-
ment was concurred in, and the bill was reported
to the Senate, and finally passed, as amended.
Mr HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had been referred House bill
entitled An act making appropriation for the pur
chase of sundry sites for marine hospitals, therein
mentioned, reported the same back without amend-
ment; and gave notice that, when the bill came up
for c nsideration, he would move to lay it on the
tabie.
On motion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, the Sen
ate receded from us amendment to lh<* Hou«e bill
entitled An act to confirm claims to publ elands
in certain cases
The bill for the relief of Charles D. Hammond
and Augns'us H. Kenan, having been returned
from the House with an amendment, was taken
up; and the Senatp concurred in  the amendment.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claim',
made an adverse report on the petition oí William
Wooten, praying to be indemnified for the loss of
property destroyed while m the service of the Uni-
ted Slates; which was ordered to be pnn ed.
Dn motion of Mr. SEVIER, all the previous
ordsrs of the day were postponed tor the purpose
of taking up the bills on the calendar v hich had
been reparted from the Commiuee on Pensions. ;
when
The following bills from the Honse of Repre-
sentatives, having been reported adversely upon
by the Committee en Pension*, were taken up
as in committee of the whole, and indefinitely
postponed, viz:
An act for the relief of Mary Francis
An aw for the reuef of Mary Campbell, the
widow of John Campbell.
An act for the relief of Presly Giay.
An act for the lelief of Catharine Wilsor, widow
of James Wilson.
An act for the relief of Sally Day.
An act for the relief ot William Glover.
An act for the relief of Hannah Waloo, widow
of the late Capt Samuel Thompson, deceased.
An act granting a pension to Jeremiah Kimball
An act for the relief of Samuel Hutchinson.
An act for the relief of Jonn E Wright.
An act for the relief of Jared Gcs=age.
An act granting a penbion to Catharine Allen,
widow of Henry Allen.                 .
An act for the relief of William Puzgerald.
An act for the relief of George Merris, 01 Vir-
ginia.
An act for the relief of George Sutherland.
An act for the relief of Mary Van Wort
An act for the relief of Mary Pike, widow of
Samuel Pik-,
An act for the relief of Maria Fowier
An act for the relief of Samuel Edgecombe
An act for the relief of Margaret McCaul y,
widow of John McCauley
An act for the relief of Major Sumnrrs
An act for the relief of Fiedenck Hopkins.
The act for the relief of John Keith, having
been also reported on adversely, was taken up, on
the question of i idefinite pos'ponerr ent; and, on
motion of Mr WRIGHT, who wished lo exam-
ine the case, v. as laid on the table foi the present
The following bills were 'hen taken up, ssm
committee of the whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and finally passed, v z:
House bill for the relief of Jthn Flood.
House bill for the rehef of Mai y Rand.
House bill for the relief of Mary Colfax.
House bill for the relief of Randolph Car'er.
House bill for the relrí of Phillis Surer.
House bill for the relief of Dorothy Bo vrnan
House bill for the relief ol Jacob Jackstn.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House bill to increase the revolu íonary invalid
pension of John Looney.
House bill for the rehef of Frederick Perrigo
Senate bill granting a pension to Pamela Allen,
the widow of Captain Samuel Allen, a soldier of
the Revolution.
Hous  bill for the relief of David Freelove
House bill for the relief of Jceph Parker
Hou*e bill granting a pension to Amaziah Good-
ww.    [This bill was amended ]
House bill for the relief ol Hannah Carrier.
[This bill was amended ]
House bill givinp Cithanne Lieman the benefit
of the act of July 7, 1838 [This bill was amend
ed]
Hou'e bill for the rehef of Effie Van Ness.
[This bill was amended ]
House bill fer the relief of Dennis Dygart. [This
bill was amerded ]
On mo'ion of Mr CRITTENDEN, the Senate
took up for consideration, as in committee of the
whoie, 'he jo>nt resolution subm tied bv him a few
days ago, author zing ihe Solicitor oí the Treasury
to carry in*o effect the provisional contract for the
purchase ot the light-house site at the southwest
pas~ of the Mississippi river; me qjes ion perdmg
being the prnpositun of the Cjmroitteeon Finance
to subs-titu'e for the jo,nt íesolu ion a --imple reso-
lution authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
report, at the next session of Congress, all the facts
touching the alleged provisional contract, and the va-
lidity of the title of the person claiming a pre erup-
tion right to th" site on which the light-house is
erected.
The recolution was debate 1 at great length by
Messrs. CR1TIENDEN and BARROW in favor
of me original resolution, and Messrs BAYARD,
WRIGHT, and EVANS m oppos.tion to the joint
resolution, and in favor of the substitute; when,
Oi motion of Mr WRIGHT, the ques ion on
¡he substitute was taken by yeas and nats, snd de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 18, nays 13
Tne resjlatim, asanvnded, was then adopted.
On motion of Mr. I1ERRICK, the previous or
t'ers of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up, a* in committee of the whole, the j mt
resolution author zing the extensir n of the con-
tract for carrying the rail on the Po omac river
It was c n idered, reported to tre Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Sena e re
sumed the considera inp, as in committee of the
whole, of the bill from the Hi use entitled An act
for the relief of Jamea Toigue, John Scrivener,
and the legal rep<-e eutativts of Will am Hodgson,
decea ed— he ques ion pending being the m Hon
of the Commiute on Claims lor the indefinite po-.t-
ponemen of the bill. [This is a clam for the
value of a tobacco wart house and sundry d'?ell
wg~, wbicH were destroyed by the Brit t>h during
the l¿st war The warehouse, n seesred, was oc-
cur/led as a place of deposite for munitions of war
and as a place of defence, by certain mmtia, who
had bees called out by the O >vernor of Man land,
to protect that _-ction of the State ] The bill ws^
debated at lengta.
Messrs WRIGHT and GRAHAM opposed tV
bill—c nterd ng that renhei ibe Constitution n< r
law-, ai'th nzed the payment for property d"strojed
by she enemy, unless it was ta'ien for the public
u-e, or rcupied by ht tro ps ot the United States,
or by m htia of the Si¿ue mustered into tbe ervce
o*" th-> United States pr>or 'o the occupancy of the
property.
Messrs MERRÍCK, CALHOUN, WOOD-
BRIDGE, and ARCHER advocated the passage
of the Mil, ma.ntaimrg that the circumstance of
the Umt d S ateo hating, subsequent to the de-
struction of the property, recognised ihe same mm-
tia as bn«g , ) ihe service of the United States, by
paying them for tl.eir services, was a constrictive
occupancy of the properly by the treops of the
Unued S a es. It was  t this ground, principally
that they advocated the claim.
The motion tor indefinite postponement having
been withdrawn, the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate, and read the third time, and ¡he question be-
ing, Shall the bill pass?
J      Mr. GRAHAM demanded the yeas and rays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted in
the affirmative—yeas 28, nays 6.
THE BILL TO SETTLE THE MAJORITY IN
THE   HOUSE   OF   REPRESENTATIVES
OF THE 28th CONGRESS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN gave nonce that he would,
on to morrow, ask the Senate to consider the bill
to regulate the taking of testimony in cases of con-
tested elections, and for other purposes.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The tariff bill, passed by the House to-day, was
read twice, and reftrred to the Committee en Fi-
nance
VENDING OF LOTTERY TICKETS.
The bill entitled An act to suppress the vending
of lottery tickets within ihe District of Columbia,
having been re urned from the House with an
amendment to the amendment of the Senate, was
referred to the Committee on the Distnct of Co-
lumbia
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 22, 1842.
Mr TILLINGHAST moved that ihe Commit-
tee of the Whole be discharged from the bill to
provide for the safekeeping, etc of the proceeds of
the exploring expedition.
Mr C JOHNSON offered an amendment, call-
ing for a repoit, at the next session, of the amount
of expenditure m fitting out the said expedition,
the'expense of e¿ch ship, and the amount expend-
ed m the purchase t f any article—specifying the
article, and the price paid.
Tne amendment was not received, and the res-
olution of Mr. Tillinghast ma? agreed to : and
the bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr STEENROD moved a suspension of the
rule, for the purpose of taking up and disposing of
a bill to estaohsh a district court of the United
S.ates m the city cf Whe ling.
Mr. ARNOLD obj< cted. He said, if the House
would permit a resolu ion which he de-ired to of-
fer, to be received, he would make no objection,
but he would object toeveijtomg, un'ess he got in
his resolution.
The SPEAKER appealed to ihe gentleman from
Tennessee to act in a sp rit of accommodation.
Mr ARNOLD. 1 cannot be accommodating,
sir.
Mr STEENROD pres«ed his motion, and it was
agreed to; and the bill was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. ARNOLD then submitted his resolution to
fix three o'clock to-day for the termination c f de-
bate on his bill to dimmish the pay ot members of
Congress and other Government officers. [Cries
of "Why, the bill has not been taken up in Com-
mittee ot the Wlule ]
S veral objec'ions were made to the reception of
the resolution
Mr ARNOLD consented to mohfyh's resolu-
tion so av to fix two o'clock to-morrow
Mr. WISE inquired whether, if that motion
were agreed to, it would compel the House to take
up that bill, in preference to all o her business?
The answer «as not heard.
Mr ARNOLD demanded the yeas and nays, but
23 only rose in favor of then.
Mr. ARNOLD called for tellers on the motion
for the jeas and na\s; and 34 rose in favor of
them. The yeas and nays were, therefore, or-
dered.
Mr. CO WEX ironed the previous question; and
it was st¡stain d by the House
Mr R. W. THOMPSON moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr ARNOLD called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would withdraw the
motion, if the yeas and nays were to be taken.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. HOLMES remarked that tbe eff. el of this
resolution was to take a bill out of committee at
a certain time, and he wished to know if that bill
was yet in committee.
The vote was then taken—yeas 74, nays 96; so
