934                                        CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An ex post facto law, by the Constitution, was made
nail and void, and reason and common sense
would dictate tbat a retroactive law thould be
also null and void.
In regard to this bill, then, so far as it was retro-
active, if no duty was imposed by the act of 1833,
it would be void; but, so far as it was prospective,
it would be a good law. The distinction is be-
tween the right and the remedy—the imposition of
the duty sod ihe regulation to collect it. A re re-
active act of the legislature affect'Dg the remedy
merely, would be valid, while a retroactive law cre-
ating the r ght would be void. Tne gentleman
from Massachusetts had obj cted to the amend
Bent offered by his (Mr G's ) colleague from
the Judiciary Committee, because it was in the na
ture of an ex post facto law; but if he (Mr G)
correctly understood the matter, the fact of one
clausp being void wou'd not vitiate the whole law
The gentleman from Massachusetts himself admit-
ted that it was but a remission, and not an impo-
sition of a penalty. A law passed by Congress,
remitting a penalty for an act heretofore done,
was a very different thtrg from a law imposing a
penalty. These were hts views m relatien to the
act of 1833, and the bul now befoie the commit-
tee.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts declared
there was no law for the collection of duties now
in existence, and yet he was opposed to the passage
of any law—opposed to any legislation upon the
subject—because the Exeeut've department of this
Government could collect duties without a law for
all purposes of revenue; and that the law was
thereiore on a better foundation than if a law
should be passed. It, as the gentleman frern Mas-
sachusetts contended, there was n-  law for the col-
lecu&n of revenue now in, existence, there was a
fearful debt accruing aga'n&t the Government—a
debf which must eventually be paid—an 1 direct
taxation would be the only resource. Tneir sjstem
of protection would de'eat itself, and tbey would be
obliged to resort to direct taxation for the support
of the Government. He (Mr Gordon) was for
no such legislaron as that He was for no srjth
system of legal zing duti"S He wishpd to see the
duties placed upon such a basis as would give rev-
enue adcqja'e to ai economical admims ration,
and afford, at the same time, incidental pr tf-e'ion
He hoped the majority upon tLat floor wou'd lay
aside their passions and thtir preju iices ah ch h¡>d
arisen curing this protracted  ession, and adopt a
measure placing tpe tariff upon a permanent and
solid basis.
Mr. BARNARD asked leave to make a few re-
marks-.    Objected to
Mr. McKENNAN ^aid he gave notice on Fn
day that he would, at the proper time, move to
amend the ariv ndmp'it of his colleague, [Mr
Ingehsoll,] fey substitu ing for it the bill that had
been returned with the President's r bj ctions He
now merely iose to sav that he -upposed the best
mode would be to take the vole on ihe subs uute
of his colleague, and, if tha* shouli be voted down,
then to propose his amendment.
The question wa-> here taken on Mr Barvard's
amendment, and it was adopted—ayes 84, noes
not counted
Mr. BARN4RD moved to arrerd the t'jird cec
tion in the seventh l'ne, by inserting, after the woid
"protest," the word  "¿gainst the ra e or amount
of duties charged, or against payment of any du-
ties."   Agreed to.
Mr. B offered an amendment, au'rnrii'ins' the
Secretary of the Tr-asury to remit and pay over
any excess of duties that may be paid under pro-
test, bejond the amount imposed by this act
Agreed to.
After the adoption of three other amendments on
the motion of Mr B ,
Mr BOTTS moved to amend the bill, by stri-
king out all that part of the first section which pro-
posed to legal ¿e the collations that have been
made of duties from the 30th June last to this time.
Agieed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved an
amendment, making tea and coffee subject to duty.
Rejected.
[A message was her  received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickihs, their Secretary, sta in; tbat the
Senate insisted on their amendments to the contin-
gency bill, to which lb  House had disagreed, and
asked a conference.    Whereupon,
On moiion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House in-
sisted on its disagreement, and ordered a commit-
tee of co-ferenee to be appointed ]
Mr ROOSEVELT moved to amerd the bill by
inser mg, ater the words "ad valorem," 'n the 14 h
line, the worJs "to be collected in ready money,
and to be asses'ed upon the vslue of such goods,
Vares, and merchandise, at the port where the
same shall be entered "    Rejected.
Mr W C. JOHNSON offered an amendment
as a substitute to the bill, which has heretorore
beep published. It propo es to mak1 the several
collectors of the revenue pay at once into some
pub'ic depository the public money they may f<om
time to time collec'. It also proposes some few
alterations ¡n the rates of dut es, and, in the end,
proposes the issue of j}200 000,000 of stock, to be
distributed among the States, reimbursable out of
the land fund.   This amendment was rejected.
Mr ROOSEVELT submitted an amendment,
providing that noihmg in the bill contained should
be so construed as. to admit or deny th- t the duties
collected under the present tariff laws are lawfully
collected    This amendment was also rejrcied
The question then recurred on Mr Ingers' ll's
amendment to strike out the original bill, and in-
sert, as a substitute, the bill subnui'ed by him the
other day, as follows:
A BILL to provide levenuefrom imports
Be it enacted fyc That from and aftei the passage of this
act, the same duties upon imports -hah be levied, collected, and
paid under the same laws rules, and r gulations which were
levied, coilectcd,aii ' paid tne 1st day of Januaty lb40 underthe
provisions of the ac appioved2d Alarch lb33,en(nled 'An act
to modify the act of 14'h Jtnuary, 1832 and all other acts
imposing duties on imports" except that the said duties snail
be paid in cash And prended further, That m al! cases where
specific du leswete imposed upon imports pnoi to the passage
ol the said act, n s lallbethedu y of the St-ciefa } of tbeTieas j
ry to ascertain theavciage rae of duty which was collected
upon each of the sail arteles throughout the > ear 18'0 ard
such average ta e of duty shall hereaitei he levied, collecte',
and paid, as a spic.fie duly upon the impot aiionof the said
articles m the same mariner at, if óuch lespecttve specific dunes
were lespectively imposed by ihlo act
Sec ¿ Ana be it furihti enae'ed, That on ihe importa
tion of at! the articles made subject to a duty of 20 per cent ad
valorem, undu the piovistons ( f the act entl le 1 'An act re
latinir to duties anj diawbtcks app-o\et September Mth,
1^11 theie t,ha 1 neieafterne levied collected, an 1 paid adtiy
of 30 percent ad vaoiem e\u«pt upon raihoad iron v,hieh
sha 1 be suhjec tod e same late ol du y as bar or bolt uon of
sinnlai manufacture urd-r the 1st sect on of thisac* but n til
i g helcin cmta ne 1 hall b<* so con trued as to 1 pmeanv
S d e or lworforaed company, which shall have imported
railroad iron prior to the 31 hy of Siaich next of the benefits
and advantages secured to them íespecuvely by the proviso to
the 5 h section of the said act relating to the duties aad draw
backs
EEC. 3 Ami lie it furthe? enacted That this law shall be
in force for and dunng two years ftom the day of us becoming
a law, and no longer
On taking the question, it was rejicted—ajes
38, noes n t counted.
Mr. McKENNAN then moved to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and «net as a substi'ute
the bill that was pas ed by be h Hou es of Con-
g'ess, and returned by the Piesident with h s ob-
jections, wth the exception of the 27th lection,
respecting the proviso in the dis'ribution act, and
also with a modification exempting tea and coffee
from duty
Mr UNDERWOOD moved to imerd the amend-
ment, by ins-nm? the 27th sec'ion of the old bill,
repealing the prov «o in the dis nbution act, so as
to a'l"w f-e di 'ribution to ^o on.
Mr. CUSHING ubm tted that the amen ment
of Mr. Uisderwood #ai not in order on the fol-
lowing p int>:
1st. It was in violation of the following rule of
the House, viz ' No motion or proposition on a sub-
ject cifferent from that under consideration shall be
admitted under color of amendment "
2d It was the very provision of the bill returned
by he President, to which, and to which alone, he
had objected, and which the Hou«e had reconsider-
ed under the Constitution, and lejec ed.
3 I. It was a tack in the sense of parhament?ry
law, which by that Jaw wai hele1 to be irregular
a*, infringing on the consti utional rights of the
other branches of the Government.
Mr- C  desired to have read a passage from
Hatsell on the subject; but objection was made.
The passage is the following-
Extracts from Hatselt
"It being piemised that the House of Commons not only
originates revenue bills, as the House of Representatives does
here, but that the President cannot amend, and must either
reject in the whole or adopt in the whole, as the bill cornea
to them from the Commons "
"On the 9th of December, 1702, the Lords upon mo
tion, came to a resolution, and ordered it to be added to their
roll of standing ordeis, 'that the annexing any clause or clauses
to a bill of aid or supply, the matter of which is foreign to,
and different from, ihe mattei of the said bill of aid oi supply,
is unparliamentary, and tends to the destruction of the Con-
stitution of this Government'"
The Commons having passed a bill for granting an aid by
sale of forfeited Ian s in Iie'and, and by a land tax m Englancf,
when this bill is pioposed to he read a second time in the House
of Lords, on the 4ih of April, 1700, several lords p.otest—
' Because the tackmgof so many different matters to a money
bill, is not only contrary to all the rules and methods of Parlia-
ment, but highly dangerous both to the undoubted prerogative
of the crown, and right of the Lords, putting it in the power
of the Commons to make any resolutions of their own as ne-
cessarj, as any supply given for the support or emergencies
ofstate           .*--..
'Whenever this measure of tackmg to a bill of supply is
at'empted by the House of Commons, with an intention of
thereby compelling the ciown or Lords to give their assent to a
bilt which th y would otherwise probably disappitve of and
reject, it is highly irregular, and is a breach of those partía,
meutary rules and orders that have been established by long
and umlorm practice between the two Houses, in the mode of
parsing blllb it is much to be wished that every question
which is brought before the House of Commons, should
be as little complicated a  possible Tor this reason, the pio*
ceeding that is but too often practised, of putting together in
the same bill clauses that have no relation to each other, and
the subjects of wlm h are entirely different, ought to be avoided
Jiven where the propositions are separately not liable to objec
tion m cither House, the heaping together in one law such a
variety of unconnected and discordant subjects, is unparha-
mentaiy,and tends only to mislead and conlound those who
have occasion to consult the statute book upon any particular
point
"But to do this in cases where it is known that one of the
component parts of the bill will he disagreeable to the crown,
orto the Lot do, and that, if it was sent up atone, it would not be
agreed to —fiom this cause and wi h a view to secure the royal
assent, oi the concurrence of the Lord , to ackittoa bill of sup-
ply which the exigencies of the state make necessary, is a pro-
ceeding highly dangi rous and unconstitutional It tends to pro
voke the o net branches of the legislature, in their turn, to de-
pait from those íulesto which they ought to be restrained by
the loftg established forms of Parht-meni and can ha\ e no o'her
effect tnan finally to introduce disorder and cmftision The
commons are, by the practice of Parliament, entitled to insist
that the Lord;,shall make no alteration in a bill of supply,' but,
to avail themselves ol this right and thereby to refuse to the
House of I o d= the exerci e ol that privilege which they have,
as one of the brancheoof t e legiolatme, to 'give their dissent
toa pioposition they disapprove of,' with ut, at the same time,
being obliged toleje'-tthe supply which the public necessities
demand, and which they ate ready a"d desirojs to grant,—is to
c nfound those separate righto that belong to each House of
Pai'iament, and thereby o mtroluce and encourage ptoceed
lags which must m their consequences prove dangerous to the
Constitution The lords theielore, m their answer to the at
lemptwhieh was made by (he Commons, in 1699replied, with
great weight
6 "Thejjining together in a money bill things so totally for-
eign to the methods ol raisins money, and to the quantity or
qualification of the sums to be raised, is wholly lestiuctive of
the freedom of debateo, slanderous to the privileges of tha
Lords, and to the prerogative of the crown, for, by this means,
umes of the last ill consequence to the nation may be biought
into moiey bills, and yet neithei the Lords nor the crown be
able to give their negative to them, without hazarding the pub
lie peace and securny '
"The measure attempted by the Tories in 1704, to avail
themselves of this weapon to fo-ce through the House ot
Lords their favorite hut absurd bill,'for preventing occasional
contormity,' wa> like many of the designs of that party
throughout the reigns of King William and Queen Anne 'with
aview (as Burn°t sa>s)to put all matters m contusion at home
and abroad, and thereby to put a stop to the war, and force a
peace, and dispose out allies, as despairing of any help from
u=i to accept such terms as Trance would offer there '
In shoit, however desirable the end may he that is at any
time aimed at by thismeasuie, the means are always bad, it is
much sefer to t-ust to time and to circumstances which, sooner
or later dispose ihe minds of men to accept ind apptove of
such propositions asareically for the public good than to ob
tain even the best of laws ijy bieakmg down those bounds and
fences which the wis th of past ages has set tip and to let m
chsoiders. ' com usion, which may hnally prove fatal to the se
curity, perhaf s the existence of the Constitution "
The CHAIR overruled the pointoforder.de-
cidmg that there was, no incongruity in the amend-
ment, ma much as Ihe House had, on a previ jus
occasion, after a lengthy discussion, admitted the
same principle in the revenue act, that passed both
Houses, and was returned by the President with
his objection?
Mr. BARNARD offered an amendment, sus-
pending the operations of the distnbu'ion act un-
til the 4 h March, 1845, and after which time the
distribution act was to be revived, the land fund
till 4th March, 1845, to be set apart for the pay-
ment of outstanding treasury notes, and the re-
demption of the interest on the public debt. This
amendment was rejected-—ayes 38, noes not count-
ed.
