"■      I     '      . I                                                                                                  ' '                                              ....."■".....        ......
to give certain additional powers to the Secretary
of War lo reimburse balances due to pensioners;
and moved its indefinite postponement. The
question was put, and ihe motion was agreed to
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, moved that that committee te dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of John A D ckerson, praying certain ex-
tra compensation, which motion was agreed to
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
from the House authorizing a patent to be is ued
to Joseph Campan for a certain tract of land, m
the State of Michigan.
The bill from the House entitled An act for the
relief of Nathan Smith and others, was taken up,
as in committee of the whole, and advocated by
Mr. HUNTINGTON, and opposed by Mr. KING,
and, there being no proposition to amend it, was re-
ported to the Senate, read the third time, and pars-
ed.
Mr GRAHAM, from ihe Comrn.ttee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, the bill from
the House for toe relief of John King. Mr G
said that the bill was the same in principle as ihe
one which parsed on yesterday, for the relitf
cf Tongue, Scrivener, and other , and he hoped it
would be disposed of forthwith. The bill was
then considered, as in committee of the whole, re-
ported to the Senate, and finally passed
The bill from the House directing warrants to
issue for bounty land due en account of th ser-
vices of Major General Dupirtail, Brigadier Gen-
eral Armani!, and Major de la Combe, was taken
up, as in commit te<« ot the wh le; and
Mr. BENTON made a few remarks, sh wirg that
the bill had been dia ¡in with reference to fraud, th «t it
had been prepared with a view to benefit a certain
agent, an officer of ihe other Houst ci Congress
and not for the benefit of the officers named m the
bill, or their legal heirs If n was true that an offi-
cer of the oiher House was to be the bene-
ficiary under this bill, and had travelled some
thousand miles to get facts to fs'abhsb ihe claim,
it was unpailiamentary for that officer to ensrage
in the getting up iuch claims, whic^ his position
as an officer migot afford facility for doirg It the
bill was for the benefit ol such agent, they should
so amend it as to guard the rights of those for
whose benefit it professed to be It was due, not
only to the justice of the case, but to the hontr of
the Government, that the rights and interests of
those officers should be guarded, and not the agent
who got up the claim.
Mr. BUCHANAN «aid a general law had been
passed, under which this claim iou'd be settled
Mr. SMITH of Indiana coiixided in that opin-
ion.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved that the bill be in-
definitely postponed.
And the question being put, the motion was
agreed to
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill from the
House for the relief ot William Willis of Vir-
ginia.
The bill for the relief of Anselm Bailey was
taken up, as in committee of the whole. It was
opposed by Messrs CALHOUN and BATES, and
advocated by Mr SEVIER It was then reported
to the Senate, and read the third time, and the
question being "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. B4.TES demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and the quests n being put, the bill
was rejected—yeas }1, nays 18
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill for the re-
lief of Joseph Bryan, Harrison Young, and Ben-
jamin Young, was considered, as in comrmttee.of
the whole, and finally pa sed                               \
THE MANDAMUS TO THE STATES
Mr CRITTENDEN moved to take up the
Honsa bill No 210, en'itled f act to resulaie the
takmgof testimony m cases of contested election,
and foi i tber purpo'es
Mr WALKER sa.d he felt it bis duty to oppose
the tsk'iig up of this bill, and, if i> were taken tip,
be believed, unlete the session were very much
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
protracted, it would defeat ail action on other Mis
of pressirg necessity
Mr. W. «aid, if his own State chose to elect now, as
it always heretoff re has done, by geneial ticket, this
w&i a bill to disfranchise that State; to expel her
members chosen by her people fnm the next Con-
gress, and lo deprive them even of a hearing m de
fence of their nrhtio participate m the organization
ot the House This, then, is a bill of outlawry—a
bill to outlaw several "ntes of the Union—a bill to
drive them out of the Union by depriving them of
representation in the Congiess of the Un led Sta es
Elections by general ticket, m some S atfs, have
already taken place, and others, we know, will
follow. This bill, then, is lo disfranchise ihose
S'ate , and to introduce discoid and confusion
thioughout the Union. What scenes of commotion
will take place at Ihe opening of the next Congress,
if this bill pass, no one ran deternriie. But the
bill is a flagrant violation of the Constitution in
another particular The Co-stnution declares
that "each Hou^e shall be the judge of ihe election1-,
telums, and quahfica'ions 01 us own members."
The language is imperative—shall judge; and the
(.o*ver ísercluive—each House shall judge; and
not Congress—not the Senate—not the Piesideni—
but each House ihall judge. But thi> bill says each
House shall not ju Ige Consress judges for
them. It declare^ that each member shall pro-
duce a comm.ssion cpitif)ing his election fnm
a single dis'nct; and declares that' no other evi-
dence of a return shall be received by said
Clerk, or authorize a member to trke pan in ihi
organization of the House." This bill, then, upon
i s lace, pre cnb-s a cerum "leturn" of members
of ihe House, it judges oí that return in advance,
it depuves ihe House rf that row<-r of judgmen ,
and excludes the member—n< t by the House or Us
judgment, but bv the judgment of Congress and of
the President Conjirest, judg s and judges in sd
v. nee, and imperat vely, upon the suffic ei ey of the
rtiu-n of a member of the next Hoa e This is a
flagrant violation of the Cmbtitulion, and an open
usurpation, by the Senate and the President, of a
power confided exc iu-ively to the House by the
Coa-titunon If this law be constitutional, it iiin<t
b nl ihe next and e"ery succeeding House in all
time lo come. In vain may th  next or any sue
ceedma Houic desire to exercise its own judgment
as to (he returns cf its oun members. Bu* this
law intervenes; the Senate and President have in-
terposed an I deprived ihe House forever rf its
right to judge of the returns of its own members.
Thus is the Constitution attempted to be changed
and subverted by this law, and iet, if the next
House, in exercising its own judgment, admits
members not having the returns pre*cnbed by this
act, who can say that the members are not duly
admitted, and by a tribunal that is the sole jud?e
ot the returns of its own members* You under-
take to organ ze the House Whit right has the
Stnate to orgairze iLe House oí ihe people, and
deprive ihit Houtc of the p^wer to oreamze itself,
anu "judge of the elections, return , and qualifica
Hi ns of us own members " The bill abo violates
the great common law rule of pv dence, by pre-
scribing mere hearsay and "genera! reputation" as
ihe rule; and that, too, as íegaids "the polnical
character and preferences" of th  voter, and thus
sets him down as having voted for or against a par
ticular cardidate; and, by such gossip (miscalled
evidence) deprives a representative of ihe people of
his seat, and the people cf a Representative The
bill is also unconsiitu lonal in this thMit 'requires'"
__commands State courts, and State j ist ces of the
reace, to exercise a part of Ihe civil and criminal
jurisdiction^ the Uni'ed S'a es This, the Su-
preme Courts of tbe United S'ates and of the 'ev-
eral States have decided to be unrons itutional,
and ¡his, also, is the op nion of Cfeancelloi Ken ,(1
ktnt, 374 ) This bill g'ves civil and criminal ju-
n die ion lo Staie justices, and puthonze^ inem lo
fiste and imprison, and rrquires them to perform
Jfíisduty.   Mr. W   concluded by demanding tne
ijeas and nays, whi .i were ordeied.
I Mr CRITTENDEN observed that be would
not enter into a rep'y to the object.ons oí the hon
orabie Senator, ¡it this immature siage ot the pro-
ceedings.
m%
The yeas and nays were theta taken, and the
question was earned in ihe affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Cnitendon, Dayton, Evans, Gra.
ham, Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Milter, Morehead, Phelps,
Toner, Preston, Simmons Smith oí Iridiara, TaUmadge,
White, and Woodbndge—25
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbeit,Fu]ton, Henderson, King, Linn, Rives, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, 1 appan, Walkei, Williams, Wood
'     bury, Wright, and Young—20
So the orders of the day were postponed, and
the bill was taken up, as in committee of the
whole; and at Ihe request of Messrs BUCHANAN
and WRIGHT, it was read through by the Secre-
taiy of the S"i?te.
Mr. CRl TIENDEN observed that the reading
of this bill had relieved him frcm much of the
labor which would otherwise have been imposed
upon him, in slating the objects which it had in
view.
The first two sections related to the manner of
certifying the election of Representatives, in con-
formity with an existing law la'ely passed, pre-
scribing the mode and manner of elections The
residue of toe bill related to the evidence to be ad-
duced in cases of contested elections
Tne first part of the bill was lo prescribe the evi*
dence to be admired as authentic, by the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, on members pre-
senting themselves fur seats in that House. Mr.
G stated, at some length, his \lews m relation to
the necessity of tms measure.
The last section was to adjust a much contested
po nt, as lo ihe lights of the parti's contesting an
election to pay and expense*. This he explained
. bj reading the 27th section of the bill, and com-
menting on its several provisions He argued that
this act was rendered imperatively necessary in
consequence of ihe law regula mg eleciions by sin-
gle disincs. If there was anjlomg b'amable, it
was to be souaht in that law, not in this. He was
told gentlemen intended to con est this bill, and to
denounce lF as an ou lawry of the Sta'es. If it
pleased gentlemen to indulge themselves in hyper-
bolical denunciations, taey were welcome to it, for
him. Mere epithets and abuse could hardly be re-
peated more than thirty <r forty times; he was
therefore m hopts the sesión would not, by this
bill, be sc protracted as gent'emen 4kad menaced.
If there is a majority for the b I1, notwithstanding
the e menaces, he hoped the Senate would pro-
ceed with it, and persevere till it wis consum-
mated. No one would object less than he to siich
discussion as may be necessary for a proper un-
derstanding of the matter; but, beyond that, he
hoped no time would, at this late day of the ses-
sion, be unnecessarily consumed.
Mr. WALKER said he would consume no
more time than was necessary (o defend the rights
of the people of the State ef Mississippi; and, so
far as he was authorized, the rights of the people
of ihe whüp Union. It was certain that unless
Mississippi made herself heard now, the would
have no opportunity of being heard in case this
bid became a la v Trie members whom she might
send to represent her in ihe Hou^e of Representa-
tives in Congress, would be permitted to take no
part m the organization of the House. This wa3
the time when the question must be decided,
whether she should have a voice in the legislation
of ihe United States or not The first- objection
thai he made lo the bill, was, that it was a violation
of the Constitution, which assigned to each House
of Congress the exclusive right to judge of, and de-
termine upon, the quahfica ion, election, and return
of their own member . Congress was not, and
could not be the proper judge of ihe return and
qualification of members of 'he House of Repre-
sentatives. The Senate had no right to prescribe
to the Hi use on what terms they should permit
thfir memlersto take th-ir teats in that House.
The consiitulioiality of tins law, and the power of
Congre^-s 'o pa*s it, would be tested by this consid-
eration —Suppose the membeis from a State
which elects by general ticket, should present
themselves, and produce their returns, duly certi-
fied by the Governor of the State, under the broad
seal of the State: the House to which thev are
chosen must necessarily be the judge of their re-
,    turns; because the Constitution, specifically declares
