COJffCfflUR
mAH COLORE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1842.
Volume 11^-No. 59.
Continued from .Yo  58.
that act, and so they would this, if it should be-
come a law.
The gentlemen opposite seem to dread exceed
ingly the encroachments of Executive poser, )et
what would be the n tímate effect of piacng this
law, m conjunction «ith (he apportionment act, on
the statute book? Would it lot be to place n per-
manently theie, even though a large mijonty of
the States and the people should find, by its opera-
tion, that it was most odious and injurious f°r it
■would be entirely at the discretion oí the Execu-
tive to admit of its repeal? His refusal to concur
jn us repeal, would throw it b¿ck upon Congress
for a vote of two thirds but that would be hope-
less, and thus the Executive would have the entire
control of the organization of the House of Rep-
resentatives To this consummation gentlemen
are burryng, notwuhsiandwg their present hatred
and fears of Executive power
Mr W. scanned the several provisions of the
bill, pointing out the unpreceden ed innovations
on the rights of the States., and the prmcip'es of
representation which they involved He pointed
to the extraordinary stretch of power assumed in
relation to tines and imprisonment, for offences
agaiBSt this law—such as those of the $500 fine
and six months' imprisonment under the 6 li ac-
tion , and Ihe $50 fine and thirty days' imprison-
ment, under the l'ith section, at the discretion of
any justice or Slate officer—a power hitherto un-
known in this countiy
Mr. CRITTENDEN explained hit, in the latter
case, the fins authorized would be omy $50, and
the imprisonment thirty days—^ot six mouth'-, as
supposed by the Senator fiom New Yo k
Mr BAGBY pointed out the uncon ututional
provisions uf the apportionment act, and the double
iniquity of this bill, mils imperative at'empt to
enforce a direct violation ot the Constitution.
This was an arbitrary at erupt to rob sovereign
States of their representation eltogether The
States of Missouri, Georgia, and Mi si'sippi might
give every vote of their quphfl"d voter for Repre-
sentatives th  un'mnoui choice of eaeh State,yet
tnose Re,resentatives were to be deprived of their
seats, because they «e e the choice of whole Sates
instead of sirgl> district
Mr B  brouf hi  in*o a condensed review his pr-
gumen's against   the apprr icnrn nt bill, ard ap
plied them with renewed effect fgamst ihe bill un
der discu sijn
Mr. CUTHBERT said he thought a single coup
d'aii at ihe empty sea s vou'dshowa what a happy
moment th s bill had been introduced Hilfa
dozen Senatrrs <n either side we.e pll that were
present. Whf re was the chairman of the commit-
tee who reported tbe but' Where was the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, whose Stats was ?bnut to be
disfranchised ? Where ? as the Senator from
Georgia [his colleague?] Was this a tirr>e to press
forward an important bill, involvirg tie rtshts of
the people of the whole Union?   Shame ' shame "
No man was more alive to every feeling of pro
pnety, in bis private^characler, than tne Senator
from Kentucky, jet that Senator had not «crup'ed,
at such a Urn", and under such circums anees as
were pressing around them, to introduce a meas-
ure which, he mus' be «ell assured by refer-
ence to the past, was calculated to produce strife
and animosity, agitation and conflicts. Shame '
shame1 W«s such a course of legislation ti be
endured? Wa all regard to propriety, all love of
country, to be banished? It vsas this sort of l gs-
lation which had ahrust disorganized the other
branch of the Legislature Congress, by this bill,
attempis to decide the question of the legali y of the
qual fication, election, and return of members to
the Hous  oí Representatives, not for one session,
but for all coming time The bill provides that
the decision of an officer of t^at House should be
definitive, and yet provides no punishment in cace
of dereliction ot duty.
Whit («aid Mr C ) is the true character of the
bil ? It is a b 11 *o provide that a cer am party
shall, under all circumstances, have the sway in
the oih r Hjuse of Congress, even though trey
should not hive a majority in that House If this
be not so, let me be contradicted. I am not con-
tradicted, thurdore it is so. The bill provides that
two States of this Union, whose political feeling
and political complexi n are «ell ascertained,
whose deteimmrition n well known, shall not be
represented in the next Congress You restrain,
by your law, the House from organizing itself,
except in the manner you prescribe, and the effect
will be, to ferce compliance with you' law, which
they consider unjust and oppressive, or el-.e to
cause them to treat your law with scorn and con-
tempt Is this (be iron and inexorable rule which
the Senete is prepared to adopt? H' w wi'l it
operate upon proud American hearts? They will,
be assured, if you trample upon them, ns- in their
rrajesty and their might, and throw you off Appeal
to your own hearts, and ask, what must be thee'-
fect ot such ltgtsla'ion? Restrain your ímpetu
osity; proceed calmly, deliberately, and wisely, and
secure to yourselves, instead of the reproaches of
an injured country, the blessings and the commend-
ations of the who e community.
The question was then taken on Mr. Allen's
amendment, and resulted in the negative—yeas 20,
nijs 25, as follow
YSAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Outhbert Fu! on King Linn Rives Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut b urgeon Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wood
bury Wright and You ig—SO
NAY —Mi-ssrt, Archei ISairow Bates Bayard Choate,
Cliyton Conra Ciafta Cntte den, Dayton, Evans Graham,
Hunimgon Mangum, Memrtr, Mltlei Morehead Porter Pres
ton, summons bmith of Indiana, bprague, lalfmadge, White,
and Woodbnlge—25
Mr BERRIEN observed mat, when tje appor-
tionment bi 1 was lefore the S na'e, he had stated
his \lews so fully, that it would be unnecessary
now to repeat arguments he then urgpd in vain, to
índice some modification of those provisions he
considered obnoxious to ihe S a'cs, and most in-
expedient in themselves. He had not disputed the
power of Congress to interfere in tb<* manner
po nted out in tot Cirsutuiion, but be had doubted,
and still cti naed tod ubt, exceedmely, the ex-
pediency oí ex" a sing that power As th1 Senate
was fully a- a e of his sentiment-) on he ubject,
he would nrt icciipy fuuher time than was neces-
sary to move Ihe following amendment, to come in
at tbp end of the first sec'ion
And pi ouded further (m substance) That nothing in th s
section, or in the act theiem relerred to shall be held to ex
tend to the e ectior of an) p rson who «hall be chosen a Rep
resentative to the 28 h Congress m tnv State, m winch, by the
laws of °uch ¡sute ttie elee ion foi Repiesentatives to Congress
is required to he male by genera] ticket, did wheie the dec
tion has been held, ol may b„ held in accoidance with such
State laws
On this amendment be called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered
Mr CALHOUN >a d, if he thought it would be
of any avail, he would make an appeal to the Sen
ate to avoid this sort of legislation If e.ver there
was a time when this Government shrmld avoid
coming in confl ct with S'ate Governments, it was
the present.
Without entering into the question whether the
ojigmal law wa a wise one, or whether this was a
wise one, it was very well known to the Senate
that, in four or five oi the States, it was impossible
to comply wiih them. He himself represented, in
pa>t, a Slate so situated that it was almost impos-
sible theysh uld adopt the law without occasioning
internal discord Under the circamstances ot the
who!" case, he did hope the Senate would pause,
ard no'pre«s upon the States an enactment of this
kind, dangerous in its consequences, and, at the
same time, of doubtful utility.
Mr. LINN sa d he was very glad the Serator
from Georgii had introduced this amendmen' It
w*s bu^ommnn justice to some of th  weaker
Scales. Whi-n > e apportionment bill was before
the Senate, he (Mr. L ) gave his. v.ew*, as did his
co lta¡ u", [Mr Bem'on,] in relation to the great
ioju ?'ice wmch wontd be done to Missouri. It was
thenjiuliy shown, by tt ese and other Senators, how
injuriously the requirement1? of that bill would act
upon his Slate The cordinon in which that
State found itself, was ope which its Legislature,
when last m session, could not foresee, and which
the State could not avoid. H<* deprecated ihe
course pursued by the authors of that act then, and
he deprecated ire same cours° now pursued by
the same authors of ihis til!.
He could not help regretting that a new State,
such as Missouri, at a period of its existence which
entitled it to proiection and encouragement, should
be placed in a position, without any volition of its
own, to bring it in collision with ihe Genera) Gov-
ernment The act of the General Government
which occasioned such s«ae(f things was un-
called for—no ease having occurred,  ince the
Constitution, which gave the slightest pretence for
interference wuh the drmestie arrangements of
the State? for the election of their own Represen a-
tives. No comp awls bad b en made bv any
Sta e, that he was aware of There wa« n > pos-
sible occisión for officious intermeddling in ihe
mat'er If he umVrsitod ihe nature of practical
legislation, us fundamental principle was, to pas.s
as tew laws ¡s possible. He believed it wa  the
rule cf all wi<e legislation, that no new law
should be passed, except to correct some
existing evil, or cure some defect of laws before
passed, when the practical operation had discover-
ed triors that needed correction But nevertill
now had the rnnciple been a sumed, that it was
necessarv to pass laws to correct contemplated
evils which exist only in the imagination of the
the lawmakers, and are net almiued to be evils
by those moat interested Which of ihe States
wants thesr- laws? If any, can they not make
them for themselves? Where do ihe evils exist
which they are ti remedy, except in gentlemen's
own irnsg nations' Why pavs th s bill at all?
Why not ralbes m obedience to ihe manifestations
made b/ so many States recently, repeal the ob-
noxious c'an e of ihe apportionment act?
Can anything be more unjust than tha manner
in whichJ vlisst up is to be irea ed? That S ale, in.
the regu'ar course oí m ¡ega^zed policy, proceeded
to ihe election cf it  meabersof Congress f<r the
ncjt Congies, tf the United Stales The members
thus elec ed wi 1 come to ihe «eat of Government
at the appointed tirnf, to take .heir stats, as insured
to them by the C nstitut on Arf they te have
the doors ot ihe House < f Represen atibes -hut in
iheir fpee by ihe Cbik of a íormer C ngre.s be-
cause they ate r-prcsentatives of a wb le Sta'e,
and not of its fiagtrents? Are 'hev >o be ejected
thus uncertmoriiouslj by the Cler of 'he House,
m spi'e of t> e r ght* ectirtd to the-ii by the Consti-
tution? This, inder ', will be an exhibition of un-
constitutional usurpation, growing oa of th" legis-
la! on of this Congress, extraordinary even for our
remarkable above all preceding Con res«es for i s
violation of consutution?! nghis Well mat sove-
reign States díte from this Oongrevs, as trim a
fatal epoch It wa  not alone by a habeas c rpus
act that their sovereignty was paral; zed- now mey
are deprived of the very principle of represent-
ation.
Their right to a voice in the connc Is (f th? na-
tion is to be dec ded by ihe fiat of a Clerk < f 'he
House of Representatives. This, indeed, is > us-
ging deep y into the bowels of the system, to <Je^ r< y
all vitality, under the pretence of reaching an im-
agined m >rbid part It is time for grmleiren to
see lhal it 1  impossible for them to go tn much
longer in th's way.
It was no nme to press a measure of such ft.af-
ful impon and lesnonsibility, at the he. i of a nit" 
months' se<s on, when there was no t me for de-
liberation What was the condition < f Con-
gress__of the country—of the Government, when
¡bus „Jled «ptn toast in a matter which may
convu'se ths whole Union in i's operation?
