CONGRESSIONAL GLOSÉ.                                         m
T         |    .                ¡           II       I——           1    I         I         I  I              I I  I                                  I                                                                                                                                                                                   '          1            '       '                                    '      '       '        i.....' -~          r
mission, the rejection of various claims by that
commission, and ihe omission to act on others, it
was-not compatible with the public interest to com-
municate to the Senate the information desired.
Oa motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the message
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. MERRICK submitted a resolution, which
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to com mumcate to the Senate any detailed statement he may
have caused to be prepared at the Treabury Department,
since the passage by Congress of the "bill to provide revenue
from imports, and to change and modify existing laws impos-
ing duties on imports, and for other pui poses," of the amount
of revenue which would have been produced by said act, if it
had become alaw, togethet with a brief explanation of the data
and reasons on which the estimate was lounded, which may
have accompanied the same.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that they had all
seen in the newspapers conflicting statements as
to the amount of revenue which it was probable
could have been collected under the revenue bill
which had been returned, and which was, with
some modification, now before the Senate for its
consideration. It was probable that the estimates,
which had been prepared under the directiOB of the
President, contained valuable information; at all
events, the facts, whatever they might be, might
shed some light on this deeply interesting subject.
Mr. EVANS said he had no objection to call for
any in'formation from the proper departments to
enlighten Senators upon any subject. It was the
duty of the Secretary of ihe Treasury, by law, to
furnish information touching the state of the treasu-
ry, and plans for its improvement; and he there-
fore protested against any interference by the
President of the United States with the duties of
that officer, who was responsible to Congress, and
not to him, for the fulfilment of such duties ai
were required of him by law, touching the finances.
As for calling upon the President to look into
the finances, independent of the Secretary of
the Treasury, he was op¡ o ed to it.
Therefore, when he was asked to request the
President for facts connected wtita the subject, he
must reject the proposition entirely. If the infor
mation was desirable, he hoped that the Secretary
himself would be called upon, and the resolution
would be amended accordingly. The Secretary
estimated the amount which would probably be
collected under the bill, at twenty-seven and a half
millions. If the President had required a subordi-
nate officer to make a different estimate, for the
purpose of influencing public opinion, he (Mr. E )
did not want it to be communicated to the Senate.
They ha«l seen an estimate that th s bill would not
yield $12 000,000; and this, too, directly in the face
of that of the Secretary himself, that it would yield
$27,000,000. He repeated, that they should have
the information from a person fe ho was responsible
to Congress, and whose btssmess it was to furn'sh
it; and not through ih  President, from a subordi-
nate offieer of the Treasury Department.
Mr. MERRICK desired to mike a very brief
reply. He simply meant to say that he did not
wish to obtain from tne President any mformaton
which would have any authority or binding force
on Senators, but which might enlighten theei. He
did not denv me proposition assumed by the Sen-
ator from Mame, that t'-'e Secretary of the Treas-
ury was more directly the fiscal ag M, and lespon-
sible to Congress for information touching the
finance'!. But be put it to gentlemen whether, up-
on this much-vexed question, if the President had
any sUtcments which had been delileiatdy pre
pared to throw lieh' upon it, u was not desirable
to have them befoie aciing upon the b ¡1 pending.
He did not wish that thty should be of any bind-
ing force, but that they should pa's for what they
are worth. As to calling on ihe S^cieUry of the
Treasury, he would say that the object would be
defeated. Tnese statements had not b'en made
oat by ihe Secretary of the Treasury: he was not
here then, nor was he here at present. That officer
was sick; and hid left the seat of Government be-
fore the passage of the revenue bill upon
which the statements were founded. They
have been prepared by another officer of the Gov-
ernment, by older of the President of the United
States, and showing a great difference from the
other statement, relied upon by Congress, as he
bad been told; if so, it was desirable to know it—
it was proper that they should all know it. Cer-
tainly there could not be any impropriety in call-
ing on the executive bead of the Government for
the object proposed. It wa-s their right to do so.
He was confident that the information in the state-
ment alluded to would be useful, and hoped the
resolution would be adopted without delay.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana objected to its consider-
ation then; and the resolution consequently lies
over one day.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred House bill authorizing
the Solicitor of the Treasury to compromise and
settle with the sureties of John H. Owen, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at St. Stephen's, Alabama;
House bill making an additional appropriation for
the expenses of the Territorial Government of
' Florida; and House bill making an appropriation
for completing the public buildings in Florida—re-
ported them back severally, without amendment,
and with a lecommendation that they be indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. EVANS, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill, making appropriations to carry into ef-
fect the treaty with  the Wyandot Indians; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
LEGALIZATION AND APPROPRIATION.
Mr. EVANS, from the joint committee of con-
ference on ihe disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill " lega'izmg and making appropriations
for such necessary objects as have been usually in-
cluded in the general appropriation bills, without
authority of law; and to fix and provide for certain
incidental expenses of the departments and offices
of the Government, and for other purposes," made
the following report:
" The managers appointed to conduct the conference on the
part of the Senate, on ihe =ubiect of the dlsagieeing votes oftho
trtolloiibes upon the amendments of the Seriate 10 the bill of
the House entitled 'An ait legalizing and making appropna-
tioub for such necessaiy objects as have been usually included
m the geneial appropriation bills without authority of law, and
to fix and provide for cei tain incidental e\pcnstsof the depa.t-
inentsand offices of the Governmen and lor other purposes/
have met managers appointed on t! part of ttie House, and,
altera full and lieu confeience upon he bubjccl of said disa-
greeing vo'.es, the said managers hav   agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to then lespective Houses as follows
"1st That the Senate recede horn its first, ninth, eleventh,
twelfth, twenty fifth, thuty iir&t, thuty sixth, foity second, for
ty-third, forty-fitth, forty seventh, forty eight h, fiftieth, fifty first,
and filty-thnd amendments disagieed to by the House
"2d That the Senate recede horn its disablement to the
amendment of the House n the forty sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to said amendment
"31. That the House i ecede fi om its disagreement to the third,
seventh, eighth, eighteenth, thirty seventh, thirty eighth, and
forty first amendments of the Senate, and agree to said amend-
ments.
"1th That the House recede from its disagreement to the
fertieth amendment of the Senate, and agree tosald amendment
amended to read as follows 'For purchase of ground north of
the Geneial Poit Office, b< tween 7th and 8th streets, or so much
theieofastliePostmasterGenoial may de, m expedient twenty-
five thousand d illan,' and that the Senate agree to said amend,
ment accordingly "
The question was put, ana the Senate receded
from this amendment.
The next was the amendment of the Senate, in-
creasing the appropriation for the contingent ex-
pen-es of the Post Office Department.
Mr. EVANS said the House was unwilling to
make any increase.
The question was put, and the Senate receded
from this amendment.
The next were the amendments increasing the
compensation to the superintendent of the Dah-
lonega mint; allowing $500 each for two work-
men who had been disabled by a fall from the
Treasury building; allowing additional compensa-
tion to the surveyors general; the appropriation to
pay arrearages, on account of Wyandot Indian:;
the appropriation to cover the expenses incurred
in making the treaty with the Sac Indians; pro-
viding additional compensation to messengers,
cleiks, pages, &c, on account of additional labors
performed, growing out of the great length of the
present session.
Mr. SEVIER made some objection to receding
from the amendment making appropriation to pay
John Dillon for supplies furnished the Camanche
Indians; but withdrew it, on being assured that a
bill had been reported, making an appropriation to
cover the expenses of the treaty with the Sioux In-
dians, to which he could append an amendment to
attain his object.
The question was then put on receding from the
several amendments above, and carried in the affir-
mative.
Mr. EVANS moved to postpone the previous
orders of the day, for the purpose of taking up the
bill from the House to provide for the completion
of the penitentiary in the Territory of Iowa. The
motion was agreed to; and
The bill was taken up as in committee of the
whole; and the amendments of the Committee on
Finance, defining the objec's of the appropriation,
and hmi'iDg ihe expenditure, having been agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engros-cd for a third reading as amended.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
bill from the House entitled An act to establish a
district court of the United Stales in the city of
Wheelm , in the State of Vnginia; and, on his
motion, it was taken up, as in committee of the
whole, considered, reported to the Senate, read the
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the joint resolu-
tion to author.ze the extension of a contract for
carrying the mail on the Potomac, was taken up,
read the thud time, and passed.
On motif n of Mr. LINN, House bill entitled
An act for the relief of John Piatt, was taken up,
and considered as in committee of the whole, re-
ported  to the Senate, read the third time, and
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion , which he on the table under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to the Senate, at
the next session of Congress, the number of Cherokee reserva,
tion claims and the names of the claimants, who ptetented and
prosecuted, befoie the late board of commissioners under the
Cheiokee treaty of 1835 and 1836, their claims to recover th 
amou t of money b> them respectively paid te the States for
their res ovations therein, under the operation of the laws
thereof, the names of the claimants whose claims were allow-
ed, the amounts severally allowed to each, the date thereof,
ami the agdresate of such allowances; the amount paid to each
claimanCand the aggregate and dates of such payments That
he also report whether any such claims allowed by said board
of commissioners have been disallowed and rejected by the de-
pal tment, and payment thereof refused II bo, the names of
such claimants, and the reasons for so disallowing and re-
jecting
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report whether the
department has in all cases regarded the decision of the board
of cummis-ioneis, under the treaty of 1835->6, as conclusive
and tm<d, whether any such decisions have lieen reversed by
the department, and if so, the reasons therefV. and whether
such reversal was for or against the Indian claimant.
THE MANDAMUS TO THE STATES.
The bill to regulate the taking of testimony in
cases of contested elections, and for other pur-
poses, coming up as the unfinished business of yes- .
terday—
Mr. BENTON observed that there was import-
ant business to be transacted in executive~session.
He would therefore move to go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate concur in
the report of the Committee of Conferí nee.
Mr. KING called upon him te explain what
was the nature of the amendments of the Senate,
ir m whicn it was proposed to recede.
Mr. EVANS explained that the first was the
amendment increasing the appropriation ftr the
pay of watchmen m the executive buildings, be-
yond what the House «as willing to allow. As
an offset, the Hou^e recede fiom another amen 1-
ment, by which it so lraves the matter that ihe
watchmen can be employed on other serv ces un-
der the Government, by which their compensation
will be increased almost rqual to ihe sum proposed
to be allowed by the Senate.
The que-iiion -was pu>, and ihe Senate receded
from this amendments.
The second t hich the Ssnate is recommended
to recede from, is the clause increasit g ihe com-
pensation of the surveyors general of Wisconsin,
Arkansas, and  Iowa
Mr. SEVIER opposed th.s part of the report.
He saw no reason why there officers should not be
placed on the same footing as the other surveyors
general.    He hoped the Senate would adhere.
Mr. EVANS would enly say that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee; and
if the Senate did not recede, the bill would be
lost.
