YEAS—Me srs Alien, Bagby, Barrow, Benton, Oifhonn,
Fulton, Henderson, King Lmn, Sevier Tappan Walker,
White, Williams, Woodbndge, Woodbury, Wright, ai d
Younft—18
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Bates Bayarl Buchanan, Choste,
Clayton, Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Giaham, Hunt
ington, Mangum Memck Millu, Morebead, Phelps, Portei,
Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smithof I idiana Sprague, sluigei n,
and Tallmadge—25
Tne motion being lost, the Sena e freceedtd
witn the consideration of the tn'l before under dis-
cussion.
Mr. WALKER said ih- Senator hid admitted
that they could not compel a ju tice 11 lbs peice
(being a State offirei) o peifcm ti e duty And
yet, he said, it v?s rot because he v\rs a Sta'e cfli.
cer that he was required to perurm this du"\ bat
that it might be accomplished by naming any m
dividual, in the ,aw, for ¡he pe ft rmance cf fie
duty. Suppose, then, the Senator had called upon
the Secretary 01 Stale to furnia .lima list uf a'l
the jtisttcs cf the p' ce, at d he Kd named irai
viduals in the law, would he haste at ) pow i to
compel performance by those individuals? There
must be sone sanction to theauibonty If you
hive power to pass a law to compel performanc-,
you mustlbave power to carry the compulsoty pro
vi ion into effect II w were they 10 ^ p la
State justice of ihe peace'o perform dutia ?-sipacd
to him by Federal eu horny? Or by what au hoi
lty could they compel an m^iv dual, if he were n t
an officer of the Ftderal Government Mr W.
here cited The decision of Chancellen Kent, to ihe
effect that State magtMrates could not be oompe led
to perform any specific duly assigned by ieder„l
authority.
This act (contiui'dMr W ) purports 'o compel
the performance ol this duly, by ihe masts rat s of
the several Sutes, by a law paramtuit to a1!
Slate obligations anil, consequently, if the doty
here prescribed be inconsistent with their dut es
enjoined by State authority it reqa irs them to
abandon their duty to the State Tins (Mr W.
contended) wa altogether beyond the constitu-
tional power of Congress.
Mr. CHOATE wi hid ihe friend* of the biU
would accede, m some way, toavodthe nece-siiy
of taking the yas and najsun ihe motion, for, un-
questionably in principle, the Senator from Missis-
sippi was right. The Senator from Georgia, to a
certain ex ent, wa. n„ it—so far as saying the de-
signado i  as only of th; pcnoi lo p>r/orm 'te
duty. But ihf ditftienre between Coijctss uxsig-
natmg the oihe by name, rind d ieg it a here ir
ted, \", thai, in the tortm r c^e, tne perico d s ji-
ra ed camut be c-jíí , el c i to atcepi t1 e • ¡lice
Mr CRITTENLEN weuld not rraVe ¿u d fli
culty or trot d e aooin it.e thins As he un 'er t( o I
it, Ihe who'e orj-ct on  a! 'o the w ret ' requ re,"
insend of "reques " II-ton'd not see hoi ^nj
interpretation cf compu's on could be f ive'i to trn
term.
Mr WALKER siid the Senator from Georgia,
as well as the Senator frcm ¡Massachusetts, admit
ted that the requirement was linpeiative. The
rule of law wi.ti regard 10 the interpretation of
words, wat, that, unless they wire technical, they
were to be taken in ihe popular sense Who
could pretend that to require a person to do a duly
was not imperative, wnerea*, a reqiest to do t,
left it optional wi'h ihe person to pirlorm ' WI10
ever beird of a Government req e-mgA B.trC,
to peiforiri a particular duty' "Yb/ le t t thi'
propo--! ion? It he is nnhi, pn' t' e S ■isoríiom
Georgian ii^ht, you strike * ut a previ nut ¡.•',}
unci  lit" loral I tie S^mtJi rem Kt ¡ toe'rs
b  right in tas ir,t rpreta i-o, oís o ! x-, ' - ier
ho hmg by the í banjre o' s ore's
Mr GRAH itl 10  °Kt ^ t  1 ? al-'s v ¡to
r-Uf h time lost m tne di co 'tor of ami! r< ¿u y
rot veiy t,po at i -> to 1 n't e! it «-is a t e
poster ot the ti v nm"it t írqir a c' z-n
to perform l/nui ie,i 1 duties «.s >e 1 as • 1 m 3
do i°s
Mr WALKER ob erved in • > .e p <• r
to comman 1 an aci o be oei'of ^, t te k!i¡-. 0
do that act is a m sd^moancr,  <cordirg to i1 e
Cotnoson law, and it 1 an mdictAole offi r 1 - I
wouid not do to sa we coniuianrt  n individual o
do a certain da'y, but it he doe  r.of rootse to <' 1
it, we caonot compel him     What is the u e . f
C#MOftESSIONá£, GLOBE.
ms
most extraordinary stre ch of power? W ■> ut
any commission, or any po^er avuhonzed, o^.ibe
Constituuon, the mere sel etion made *by a c im-
mutee of either House tonfors this itna.e,ite
power
Mr. WOODBURY suggested an amrndmeu^ to
the 2d -ection, to provide for case  in which ñp'n¡fi-
cates of election should, by aceidentj be dela>ed,
and copies lo?t; providing that oiher oufBctenf evi-
dence of election, where no contest had beeíi^iíught
beadiaiited
Mr CRITTENDEN trusted no such cases as
those supposed w^u'd occur Th« monent the
House becomes organized, it take* ap the decision
of all cases itself, and it uoullh've U in its prev-
er to do justice in any such ca^e. Would u be
proper to make ihe Cle'k of the House a. judge of
the testimony to be produceo1* The bill proposes
to confer nothing like discretion on the Clerk, and
requires him to be governed alone by amheuuc
evidence He did not think the amendment ought
to prevail.
Mr WOODBURY did not wi4j to press j< if nn-
necessary or obj-ctionable     He withdrew it
Mr WALR.ER moved to amend ,be bill by
adding to the 2 1 section the following pronsn _
"That nothing 11 this act, or the act to whK n it ts 1. supple
ment, shall be coi itrued to deprive the House of Representa
uves to judge oí the elections, returns, and qualifications ofit*
own members "
This was so obviously proper, tfapt he enuid
hardly anticipate opposition If, rtowevers there
6houM be any, he would require the yeas ard nays.
Mr CRITTENDEN thought this a ven saving
mode of legislation, and perhaps it would be equal-
ly necessary to have such a provision at the end of
every bill '
L°t the gentleman have the yeas and nay-., .f be
desires it.
The yeas and nays were then oidered
Mr WALKER said he was aware thtt it was
not withm the competency of Congress to pass a
law which would violate the Constitution, avd yet
it had frequently been attempted The bill speci-
fied ihe return upon which, an 1 upon which a one,
the C erk shall receive the name of a member as
duly elected, and upon wh'ch alone cuch member
shall be entitled to lake part in the organization
of the House. If the Sena'e couU imejere, by
cuch an enactment, to prevent a ti em^er irora ta-
king hr seat tor one d"y fiej c ichi do <o for ihe
wh ie sessu n, and it ihe Senate could do this wuh
r-gard to the House, thf House m gbt pres"r he a
similar rute to ¡litStnate, ¡ nd "-ay, unlfi. a Sen-
dioi piofUv-e a return cemfung that he was end-
ed ty join resolut on of both House  <f the Sa'e
Lerisl.ilit &c Inasmuch a gentlemen profes ed,
(apt) i>o doll t nc i<h,) ila it uas not thpit object
10 violate tie Constitution, he smcrely hoped ihey
wouM  gn.t> s-> to declare, in the frms of the pro
viso which h™ fov cff red a^ ?n amendment.
The Set ator fro n Kentucky had otten ninnelf
offered similar propositions to that which he now
offered, declaring that a law shonld not be so con-
strued Nothing was more common. Hardly a
law parsed that had not such a proviso attached
to it.
Mr CRITTENDEN asked how strange would
it be to pass a law clearly unconstitutional, wi h
a provi<o tpeked to it that the act ^hall not be con-
strued as a violation of the Cot stitution!
The question was then-taken on Mr WíLker's
amendment, and resulted is the negative—yeas 14,
says 21, ■> fohows
YEAV-"I if Allen Baahy Benton, B tchanan, Cuthbert,
IVt n Kinc J inn Rives, seviei, Walltu Woodbury Wright,
and Vuun^,—14
!\V\^—M " is \rcber Buiow, Bates, Berrien Cboate,
( lay on Conrtd Crafts, entienden Dayton Gnaham, Hu t
jn^ion Mansttm, Meinck Miiier Moiebead Purter,if mmo *,
toirmh of InOtana, Tallmadge, and Woodbndge—21
The bill was then reported bsck to tie Senate,
ard the amendments were corcured in
The amendments were orderod tobte-gio-s 0,
and the bill to be rea I a third time
Mr CRITTENDEN s id, if there w.^s no iu
jectton, he would wish ' ie b 11 to be r"ad n iw
Objection being, made, it uts laid rvr
Mr YOUNG a*ked  ttr'he ]u"t re 0' Mr
latirgtolhe aojournme it of Ctngres* tob"ir> 1
up.
f t".ir(> a law to do what job cannot enfoice the
d it « ol? Tms e lause of ihe hill, he would ven-
ture ¡o s?t, would not stand a nioment before the
S 'preiiK' Ct i,rt He hoped the Senator from Ken-
tucky nould not ptif him to the necessity of cai'mg
ior the teis and nays on this amerdmen!.
Mr TALLMADGE thought the Senator gave
more impottunee to the subject than it deserved,
but as the bill wouio. be as well wilhout the clause,
1 e hoped the opposi ion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky would be withdrawn
Mr WOODBURY suggested a modtSts'ton, to
nbich
Mr V/ALKER acceded
Mr CRITTENDEN would rather have jielJed
than have io-t so much time, but as th, t time had
been consumed in mere criticism on the wotd re-
qaired, v\l 'c 1 rt?l!y meant nothing more than re-
questei, he h el ihe yeas and nays would begrant-
ed to ti e gentleman
Mr WOODBURY observed that this w&s not
a requirement to call upon any citizen 10 perform
a ministerial duty, because the class of perstns
called upon was designaied It was clearly a
command, 01 an order, but there was no power to
entore-c it It was in keeping with the who'e act
\vhich this bi'l was intended to enforc It was
manda or;, but there was no power to enforce the
mandate.
Mr CRITTENDEN called for the yeas and
nm=, which were ordered
The qu-stion was hen taken on Mr Walkeh's
amendmert, and resulted in the nega'ive—yeas 19,
nms 10, as to'lows:
\C&S—Me^is Allen Baghy Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clime Guthbtrt, tulton, Hendeison, King ¿inn feevier
bit gcon, Tappai), Walkei, Woodbury, Wright, and "ioung
— 19
N \\ 3—Messrs Clayton, Conrad Crafts, Crittenden, Evans,
Gribim, Mangum Miller Morehead, Porter, fcimmons, and
Smith of Indiana—12
Mr WAL'CER moved correspon Urg amend-
ments m other sections, which were adopted.
Mr WRIGHT observed that he wished 10
brm^ Ihe attention of the friends of ihe bill to
some of Hh provisions He referred to the 7ih
section, 4 h p?ge, where it says-
That either House of Concrees should be and is hereby,
author dtoi uea commission under the seal ot its Secre
taiy or Clerk and tested in the name of its presiding officer or
fcpeakel, di ecte? u one ot more peisone, either within or be
yond the United S dteq author!? ng him 01 them or anyone
or m ne of t lem to lakp the testimony of any witness or wit
nessti therein named 10 the manner ind according to iht ju
stnictiors aue\ed t> **uch commission md to certify on 1
1 tan mf the same seem ly enveloped nnder his or tlten s ¡Is,
to ur 1 Sen etary or Clerk, who is hereby authorized to file the
same Í 1 iht, u e of the House issuir g each c tinnnssion "
bo fi , ah i, liuht enough, but  now - mes the
ohj<< 11   able pa.t of the claus , w! ich   n  as fol
I w
An 1 an authority, by either House, to any committee, to
send for persons an Í papers shall besuffi lent to authorize the
decretal y or Clerk of such House to ia ue commisions for the
purpose aforesaid, as the committee may d reel "
Thi<-, it would be perceived, was an authoniy
not to either House, but to a committee of either
House, to  exert  the authority of  the   House to
which such committee belongs.   The effect of this
authoniy to a committee would be >-epn by taking
a review of the thirteenth  «ection, in conjunction
with the seventh.    He q lotect the latter part of the
thirteen h «ectun, from line 7 to the end, sv lol-
lew
,        'And in case of a wilf it lefusal of any witness duly subpag
11    naed, whose fees have been | aid or tendered, to attend as re
■     q 11 ed by such subpcena or to be qualified, or to testify   he is
f nther 1 itbo ized to impose such penalty on the witness   for
'     hi< dl3)bctiQnce a   feucli officer may deem right   Provided,
I'    That the si n shall not exree 1 $50 fine or thirty days   1m
¡ rl 0 ment    rloth A nd provided, also That no witness shall
j I    bi. co npelle 1 to attend ( ut of the county where he may re&ide,
J     ol beseived v>i h  hesubiosna '
I lit* i autho 12 ng officers and justices of the
pt ¿a to pun <•, oonle r pt ol tieir summons by a
iifi" 1 t J50, íi i' ipiisonment of thir y days In
1 «• Sioit l > jt s i-f va-- autnori '-(1 to inflict a pen
-I xie 1 r j>10 fi! m no i?be vis he aut or
/ u 1 pri-on ev 1 for one d.  His In,
lien,    a   ticirftr, >^ers on ihem not conferred
I      ie u <>t their own ¡5 ate Am c 11 1111 ce of
i   u r  Hiu e   (t Corp e=s may    e'eet a comrj is
II   , < n t vy hit selee ion their et tnmiss cners are
to' /e a p tser of it fl ct Eg on in vidnaK fines
el tf5'J, and larptierment fe>r th r y days. Was
he not, tfeert ore, justified in saying this was a
