CONORBSS10NAL GLOBE.
937
business His heart wi'hered at the idea of the
distress that would be produced throughout that
part of the country by the cessation of the opera-
tion of those iron manufactories He considered
$17 a ton as not ty any means too high a ra'e,
in fact, it would not come up to the standard of his
friend from Arkansas.; and he believed even the gen-
tleman from South Carolina himself, wh> had ex-
pressed his enure approba ion of ihe former duly, and
had derived extensive popularity from that crcum
stance, would net offer any opposition now to the
rate proposed He (Mr B ) was willing that it
should be reduced $5 lower than it was in 1816
He was willing to ad >pt the recommendatun of
the Committee on Manufa  up? in recard 10 pip
aron, bat in respect to hammersd hop, there was
less reason for reduction than ihere was in regard
10 any article upon which duly ras to he levied.
Mr WOODBURY observed that, by mixing up
these two kinds of iron—rolled and hammered—
some difficulty was proauced The duty of 1816
was $9 per ton on hammered iron, and oí rol ed
iron §30 per ten. He pointed out the reductions of
price smee ¡hat period. The price of rolle 1 iron
now, in Engianil, doc nit exceed ore cent per
pound; hence the dunes cf 1816 on ti>e prices of
that day, would be no rule tor the same duties, or
anything iiltf them, on tne present prices—to much
was the price redocsd by improvements m ina-
chmeiy.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked, if haiirnercd non te
$54 per lo-i, what addition for home velna'ioi. the
Sen;tor from N< w Harnp lure wctld raaltt?
Mr. WOODBURY said he would add ten per
cent on the fore gn invoice.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that h  thought lh"
Senator had reported, when Secre'ary of the Treas-
ury, fiom 10 to 20 per cent, for ihe hom<> valua-
tion; and that, added to the invoice price, wculd
üot make the duty 25 per cent.
After a few explanatory remarks as to the home
•valuation, from Messrs WOODBURY, BUCHAN-
AN, CALHOUN, MILLER, and HUNTING-
TON—
Mr BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was th<>n taken on the amendment
of the Finance Committee to substitute $16 for §17
per ton on bar non, &c , and resul'ed m tne nega-
tive—yeas 21, na>s 22, as fo low :
YE VS—Messrs Allen, Arctic,, Bagoy, Benton, Berrien,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton Gianam H nderson, King, Linn,
Fteston, Rives, Smith of Connecticut, Ttppan, Walker, Wil
hams, Woolbury, Wright, and Young—21
NAYS—Messrs Bairow, Bate , Bayitd, Iiin.han.-n, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Dayton Fva r>, Huntington, Mer
rick. Miller, Morehe.nl Potter tsimmnr s, is nith ol Indiana,
Sprague, Sturgeon, lallmadge, and Wlnt>—22
The nest amendment was 10 change the p q-
posed duty of $27 50 per ton on roiled bar ir. n t >
$24.
Mi. EVANS moved to Eimend the amendment,
by substituting $25 toi $24.
Oa this notion ihe jeas anJ rajs veie called,
and ordered.
The ques ion tv^ then taken, an4 resulted in the
affirm? uve—yeas 23, nays 22, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bairow, Bites, Bayard Buchanan,
Choate, Clayton, Contad, Ciafts, Cimer den Dayton Lvan*,
Huntington, Merrick, Mi'lei Morehead, Portel, teimm n a,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, lallmadge, and White
—23
NAYS—Me-sts Allen, Baghy, Benton Bernen, Calhcun,
Cuthbert, Fu'ton, Graham, Itendtr=on Iving, Inn Piston,
Rives, Sevter, Smith of Connecticut, Ttpp^n, Walkei, Wi'
¡lams, Woodbuiy, Wiishi, ami YToune—li
The qu'bun r< t ir"d en die a nendi"' nt f s
amended, ai «J it «a  sd-iritcii
The next nirn rnem wi' o ? vnbai na'urt —
adding fie WuirK '.'id ü^msiur ly" and "tor
use" in the pi in i n r'isiw o ruhul ir u l.id
dowr; w-i'h v ."is sd pud
Tie r.< vt v."  . a « ^ang tf re dmv on n v
pigs from $10 iO £9, kw v -s "dop ed
Tne i ext was o s .ike cut P' t'es or .hce t if
copper and paten •-ned'hiri* ÍJr slipping frota th°
dutiable anieles subject •o uvo cents per lu tuiy,
which was adopted.
The next amendment was afi'"'ihe tenth rara-
graph of the 4 h, section, viz: 'in coal, $1 75
per ion, m c >ke, or culm ot toal, five i ots per
bUohel," to insert, "Provided, That all foreign coa!
imported mío the Umted States ihall be equally
entitled, with other lmoonauous, to ihe drawback
ot duties paid, m bemg exponed ibence, and upon
satisfactory proof being adduced, conformablv to
regolitions to be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Tieasury, tbpt ihecoal so exponed, if not landed
abroad, was not relanded in the United Stales, but
was consumed t n board the vessel in which it was
so exported, upon the voyage of exportation, be-
fore arriving at the foreign port of exportation."
Mr BUCHANAN was sorry that he was again
compeliei to sddress the Senate This very prop
osttion had been brought before the Senate ma
fort; er occasion, and debated for a whole day by ihe
Se*r tor from New York and himself; and it was (hen
condemned by a large majority In the House it
was condemned bv a latge majority, and row it
ma them again in this bill He desired to say a
few words upon it.
The amendment provides that all foreign coal
impo ted into this country shsll be enn'led, with
other lmrror ations, to a drawback. Now, (eor-
tinued Mr. B.,) there isnoother art'ele, under simi-
lar circumstances, that is enli'Ied to drawback.
In all cases, you have lo produce to the eollee'or
of cus'oms a certificate of the relatidmg m a for-
eign coun'ry, atlest<d by the consul; but here, for
the first inne, you introduce ihs principle that an
árdele con umed on board (he ship is entitled to
drawback. Wbat will be the consequence? For-
eign beet, pork, salt, sugar, &e , which is required
for corxiimption on bottrd vessel , «ill be entitled
to di 'Wback; and on what evidence? Upon ihe
evidrnci. of the captam of the vessel and the
rrew He would ask why shoul 1 Maryland and
Pennsylvania cjal be put in a worse condt ion than
articles producid by other Stntes, and in favor of
whom? Of th« large steam-naV'gaiior, companies,
the stocU of which is held bv foreigners He de-
si ed that they should have all the advant?gea they
were emuVd to, but he wculd not place them in a
better condition than our own citizens
Mr EVANS observed that the drawback on
coal imponed, and to be reshipped, was for tne ac-
eommoda'ion of ste^m^hips It is not imponed
foi consumption, and does not compete with Amer-
ican coal The effect of not allowing this draw-
back would be either to force steamships to over
load th mselves wuh a sufficient quanhiy cf coal
to bnt a them here and take them back, or U go
to Halifax for their sunpiy. I' was the policy of
eveiy enlightcred country to encourage steam nav-
ísaton Tmc country world be betefited by the
etten-ion o' this intercourse.
Mr. MERRICK maintained the necessity of
iffoiding every encouragement and protection to
Ihe doa^es'ic coal of this country, bj inducing its
consumption bv -team ravigatmg vessels.
Mr. WRIGHT ob erved that the pol cy of im-
post, g duties at all was confined to such articles
ps ,vere designed for consumption w.thm the coun-
try. And drawbacks were allowed only on such
ameles as were re-exported. This was the gen-
eral pilicy The proof of reexportation was to
be derived from the fact < f landing them in a for-
eisnrountu, certified by the consul, oi else the
office- oí cjsttm Tre simple question was, did
they dc-.it e <o et   otirage n-jviganon?
Mr. tiUNTlhGTON  a, orposed to the
amentl'ccnt, be -ire he di 1 not co-tsidei the in-
ter' sts < f in' countrv uaTa ited . .
Mi   W ALICER w sonto ed to this amendment
1>e w o e .urn an' ..ed t/feet of it  m, to gi -e a
hsritv   to'he  great s'e.'-n   r>,iv earn g crmoames
I    of   B> N ii,   to    he  <li"'Couragerrjrnt  rt   Aneririn
n->V]* to¡s    (! i     " er-oifmed  o Amer¡c?n steim-
jbi s    o uid T"'" ih m t<  >i\" —x i    ic o,t, n, there
oig3't   b" kn ' M'ti'i 'or it.    H1 ^a* c"íf¡nlv
r p i^'e1 to ■>' v - 11 rd'n'nt of ha   <e-c  pi n     !t
" „    v     "- c   !'• i  ii   ">•<• i" «c   ! tfign rs   to
•- - b     i si'io    1 ■>    >•   i' '" vv c< ~i    i4  y,    o H
mi t-ined by   v i-r" d" ' 'rre, for >l   ! ci er   ii
i rr , i  ri'ji'i ,„n   "n A ^ - i^ai  sb.t, ing ni-
•"• - Is
Mr. ALLtiN opp'^d lb" inun',n5r.t„o'l ip 
groand <f if being an encouragement to fuxigo
e rnp«H"on it h>" exp n>.e of rlomei'i" in, tcMs
Wwn he hjd heard of he fi s' British steam-hip
coming to this country, be iooked upon it as a
di astrous event. The occupa'ion of the ocean
by the 'famsbips of Great Britain was favorable
to her grand object oí extending her empire, and
making all other countries tributary to her.
Mr WILLIAMS said the simple question was,
wheihtr the effect of this amendment would not be
to encourage foreign steam-navigation, and dis-
courage our own; as well as to diminish the carry-
ing trade of our ordinary carrying vessels.
The yeas and na,s being called for and ordered,
the question was taken on the adoption of the
amendment, and resulted in the negative—yeas 6,
nays 32, as follows
YE\S—Messrs Berrien, Evanb, Graham, Porter, Smith of
Indiana, and Wright—6
NAYS—Messis Allen, Archer, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Conrad. Craft", Cu tenden, Cuth-
bert, iHyton, Fu'ton, HendeibOn, Iluntif gton, King, JLinn,
Meruck, Miller, Morehead, Rives, Sevitr Simmons, Sprague,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Williai is, Woodbrtdge,
and Young—32
The rext aniindment was to change ihe duty on
waich s and watch materials, from 20 per cent, to
74 per cent
Mr. EfANS moved lo amend the ?.mendment,
by malting chronometers sublet to 20 per "ent. ad
valorem; «hich was agreed lo.
The question tben b°ing on ihe ammdaient as
amended, to change the duly on watdiesand watch
material , from 20 per cent, ad valorem to 7J per
cent  ad valorem —
Mr MlbLER argued that the revenue was not
<'i mished by a suflui ntly high duty on ihose ar-
UcVs
Mr EVANS po nted out ihe necessity of redu-
cing the duty to a rate at which smuggling would
le prevented
Mr SIMM"'NS srgzested 10 pel cent
Mr  RVAAS feared  no revenue at all would be    ^
oruaired «ah jher ra'e than 7i per cent.
The amendment was adopied.
The next was to reduce the duty on diamonds
from I2i to 7 per cent; which was adopied
The next was to reduce the duty ot pearls, pre-
cious stone , &c , from 20 per cent, to 7 per cent;
which was íKo adooteü.
'Ihe next amendment was to insert, among Ihe
taw sugars s ibjeci to a duty of two cents and a
naif per pound, "brown clayed stgars," which
su^ar , advince ' beyond ihe raw sla'e, tut not re-
fined, are to be subj ct to four cnts, duty—refined
>-ugars bpins subjec to six cents
Mr. CONSAD hoped the amendment would not
prevail. He proceeded a' considerable length to
how ih« effect it wouid have upon the domestic
interests ves'ed in sugar plantations. He proposed
to strike out, in the eigh h sec'ion, from line five to
line fourteen, and insert wh.it he °hvu!d submit.
Mr WOODBURY asked if u wculd be m order.
Tne CH4JR naid it would net
Mr. EVANS observed that the question was on
the S'ngle amendment proprsed by the committee.
The Finance Committee'  amendment was
adop ed.
The next amendment w„s m psge 32 m the fifth
paiagraph of the eighth °ecti:>n, waich enumerates
foreign liqior subject to tpeeific d i i-=, to strike
out all lhat pait renting iO '( re gi wine=, and in-
' crt in 1 m thereof ih" folio   ,rg
' On Ma leu a, sherry, Sin I ucar, and Ctnary wines, in casks
ot bottles, six cent= (it eallor on Champagne wines, foity)^
cents per gallon on porf, Bureundy, and clare wines, m bottles,
thiny^wc ^ent« peí ful i on pot an 1 liureundy wines, in v
ca k^ ulteeicenlb |i r i!i n onTtncnfii wirier ii casks or
bot'les, twenty clOL3 (it gillm on c an t w me^ in cask=s, six
ceil a p r! on on llie \ Inn wiiesn 11 numerate 1, of France,
AiKtna P us^ i inilsn nl ml Í Poilu^al an t us posses
sion in c \ s ven a d t ha i leutu pei billon, on the red
wine? note miel ti.d ofrratcc Vu tin I'r js^i t, Sardinia,
a iP<r'u" tt ' i \ h^i, si O" t Ci^' s i.i\ cents per stallon; on
tli w!i [td [' ml n ib of ->pai i, Geirmny and the Medlter
t et rue nú i el n ct ka, twelve ai d a h ilf cents per
g I'o rn^cilv %! lena oi \idi&jla nine inr^k&oi bottle-*,
Ue ll llvet iií ei o -i 11 oi on i hei wine^ of ¡5 r > in casks
1     oi b it 1« fi( jci         t pei _ailoi    on all othei wines notenu
qui ted ar 1 'h laitho oi Trance Aui ria, I'tu'-sia, and
Sa   il  n  a   1 ol P       i"a   a      it    p i^ c« l"n , wl eft in bottles,
'    K) in cms peí gaí'on wher ,n c k^, twtnty five cents per
Mi r  '
Ivlr EV\N-? ¡ati-i tba1 tor ar ene .tntwasin
cin!.<rmi v to 'he <-ec( n. rienda'ion, t f the Sicretary
tf the freast 'v. X .c (d«s on f.e l.'gb-pnced
win-s wnilil reihoul ml 'am1 ">s thi'e f ropo<ed
by ihe House B-.l f corstdernble redaction was
made in the dutits oa ¡ow-piictd  w nef. ^Tfee
