942
The question was taken on Mr. Merrick's
amendment, and decided in the negative—yeas 6,
nays 29, aa follows:
YEA3-*Messrs Archei, Linn, Mangum, Merrick, Wood
bury, and Young—6
NaY«—Messrs Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Benton, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Miller, Merehead, Phelps,
Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of In
diana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Williams, and
Woodbridge—29
Mr MERRICK next moved to amend the hill,
by limiting its duration to twelve months.
Mr. BENTON suggested to Mr. Merrick that
the proper time to offer this amendment would be
after the bi 1 was reported back to the Senate
Mr. MERRICK agreed to the suggestion, and
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. RIVES said hea was unfeignedly anxious
that the Senate should agree upon something that
would meet the conenrrer-ce of both branches of
the Legislature. If he though' any amendment
would be made lhat would enable him to vo'e for
the bill, be would forbear to preks the proportion
which he now offered for the ccn-jderatiun of the
Senate. Butjje thought it very evident, fr*.m the
spirit which had been manifested, that this would
not be the case; and he would therefore state, very
briefly, the leading objections to the bill which he
entertained. In the first place, it could n t be
characterized as a revenue measure. His firm
conviction na«, that it would not produce an in-
crease of revenue It was absolutely and emphati-
cally a measure of protection, ex ending, in some
particulars, to profttfnison
This was the true character of the bill. In re
gard to many of the articles which enter most deeply
into the consumption of the country—such, for
example, as several descriptions ot cotton and
woollen goods, some of the manufactures of iron,
hemp, &c —they were subjected to a duty of at least
100 per cent, when the dunes actua'ly imposed
were stripped of ihe disguise of mimnuras and
specific rates m which they were ingenie usly con-
cealed; and no one could suppose that, with a rate
of duty ltKe that, it was possible that revenue could
be collected. The amount of revenue would, m his
opinion, be diminished rather than increased, and
a fatal blow wou'd be aimed at our commerce
with eeuntnes in which the pro uels of our agri-
culture, find valuable and now improving markets.
He had another objection to the bil as it stood. It
wassupposed hat th^y had made some little advance
towards the establishment of sound and stable prin-
ciples of public policy. He did no^ mean to throw
any odium upon the general policy which had been
pursued; but, in his judgment, a sad interruption
had taken placr to ¡he reconcilement of the public
mind, which the principles of the compromise act
wefe calculated to produce. It did not seem to
him that ih,s meato re recognised, m any manner,
the expediency of erci keeping in view the princi-
ples of the comp>'orm e It went far beyond the
rate of duty «hicb existed under former tariffs.
Not satisfied with t' teraimg e/cry trace of the
comp'omise of 183«¡, it went beyoiJ. ihe high tarifi
of 1828
If the general character ot the mearme could be
reconciled to the interests and sound policy of
the country, he would be willing to sacrifice
much id matters of detail. But he confidently be-
lieved that it would prove as detrimental to those
particular interests whi-h it profe^sed to subserve,
as it would be adverse to the gei era! in ereMs
of the country These were the v ews ha en-
tertained; and ihey were not derivd from his Own
judgment alone. He had sought the light of ex-
perience, by consulting practical men Unless,
then, some important change were introduced—
and he had no reason to anticipate any such—he
could notjus'ify himself <o give h s vote for the bill
This being the case, and being himse f anxious to
terminate oil doubts and 'incerta.n y thsttnotv exist
in reference lo revenue, and, above all, to set the
public mind at rest with rcaid to the vi al ques-
tion of legality m lb collec'.on, he (\1* R ) was, dis-
posed to remit much < f his own particular i pinions,
for the sake of afullreconcilepitntof the whole sub-
ject. He would, therefore, moot respectfully beg
leave to propose, for the consideration of the Sen-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ate, a measure which, in some of Us features, had
alfeady been submitted (modified by himself, how-
ever) to the consideration of the other body of
this Legulature He thought it would meet the
real exigency of the case, and supply substantially
the wants of the country. It was intended to rein-
Mate tbe rates of duties as they existed under
the compromise act m the jears 1840 and 1841
This would leave, for the present, tnt; tariff at the
point where it stood after f*e deduction of fonr-
tenths of the excess above 20 per cent, adjourn-
ing to a future consideration and adjustment the
reduction of the 'remaining six tenths which have
been crowded into the first six months of the pres-
ent year by the compromise act. In addition to
this, he proposed to lay a duty of 25 per cert
on the class ot articles, previously free, which
were subjected to a duty of 2(1 per cent b.y the
revenue bill of the last session of Congress, and,
?t the same time, he deemed it necessary to in-
clude among dutiable articles, during the contin-
uance of the present embarrassed condition of the
public treasury, the articles of tea and coffee at the
moderate rate of 20 per cent.
His own opinion was, thnt, m the present s'ate
of the country, there was no obligation upon Con-
gres , nor any wish of ihe people, to exempt tea
and coffee from their due proportion of contribu-
tion to the public necessities. He believed these
article  were not, in any civilized country, exempt
They had in this country been a mam source of
revenue, and exempted from duty only when there
was a superabundance of revenue; they were found
to be more productive of revenue than any one
class of manufactures imported from abroad—
except, perhap , the single artic'e of silk What
objection could there be against laying a moderate
duly upon tea and coffee? They vsere no more
necessaries of life than were sugar, molasses, salt,
hats, shoes, and divers other art e'es, which, by
general consent, are subjected to duty By inclu-
ding these articles, they would secure at once
an additional revenue of at least three mil-
lions of dollars. The average importation of
them, it would be found by the tables annex-
ed to the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, amounted to fifteen millions of dollars worth
annually, the revenue derived from which, at 20
per cent, would be three millions. The Secretary
of the Treasury proposed, by the duti-s recom-
mended by him, to derive from these articles a
revenue of tour and a half millions of dollars. And
he would ask if, under existing circumstances,
there was anything that should indues them to re-
ject this fruitful source of revenue?
He thought every gentleman would agree that,
as a revenue measure, the one he now proposed
was pieterable, in all respects, to the measure un-
der consideration, and, in regard to its bearings on
the interests of dom'-stic mdus ry, he begged leave
to invoke the high authority of the Committee on
Manufactures of the other House, who, in their
able report, bear testimony to the general pros-
perity of American manufactures under the tariff
of 1840 and 1841, and indicate the sudden and
large reduction of six-tenths of the excess above 20
per cent, which has been thrown upon tbe p e>ent
year, as 'he great grievance from which they a^k
to be relieved He would not detain the Senate
with a speech. He knew not what sentence bis
proposition would receive at the hands of the Sen-
ate, but he desired, at all even' , to nave tbe
opinion of the S nite expressed upon it.
He hoped that gentlemen on all sides would see
in it, at least, a proof of the spirit of c< ncilution
wiih which be was sit perely animated, ard wcich
the present condinon of the country so ltnp'es- j
sively invoked.   He was prepared to make a large
sacrifice of hts individual opinion? on the altar of
union and harmony m the puoUc cause; and he '
had made that sacr fice freely in the proposition I
he submitted to the Senate, which went much be- ¡
yond the limit that his own judgment preferred   Í
His fixed ronvic'ion was, that an average duly of '
25 per centum on the foregn cost of imported I
commodities, (which he «uppoaed to be  the fair
representative and equivalent of a 20 per cent, duty l
on home valuation,) would be found, in the end, to t
make the nearest appro.ximat.on to the point' m
which revenue and pro'ection meet; and he much
feared, whatever temporary measures might be
resorted to, no solid and permanent adjustment of
this great subject would be arrived at, until a wise
smrit of moderation shall be transfu«ed from the
calm and practical intelligence of the people into
the bosom of the public councils He repeated,
however, that the proposit'on he now submitted
went much beyond ihe limit which he had just
indicated as that which hi  own judgment pre-
ferred, and which he believed the sober judgment
of tne country would ultimately settle down upon.
Mr R concluded, by submitting his amendment,
as follows-
"That from and alter the passage of this act, and until tbe
further legislation of Cungiefas on the subject, the same duties
upon imports shall be levied, collected, and pud, which were
levied collected, and paid on the 1st of January, 1Í&0, under
the provisions of the act approved 21 March, 1833, entitled 'An
act to modify the act of the 14th July, 1832, and all other acts
imposing duties on imports,' and according to the same laws,
rules, and regulations which then existed, except that the said
duties shall be paid in cash And provided, further, That in
all cases where specific duties were imposed upon imports
prior to the passage of the said act, it shall be the duty of the
¡secretary of the Treasury to ascertain the average rate of duty
which was collected upon each of the said articles throughout
the year 1840, and such average rate of duty shall be levied,
collected, and paidas a specific duty upon the importation of
said articles, m the same manner as if such respective specific
duties were severally imposed by this act
'Sec 2 And be it further enacted, That there shall be
herealter levied, collected and paid a duty of — per cent ad
valorem on teas and coffte, until the public debt shall have
been paid, and on the articles made subject to a duty of 20 per
cent ad valorem, under the provisions of the act entitled 'An
act relating to dutieb and drawbacks,' approved September 11,
1S41, there fallal! hereafter be levied, co lected, and paid a duty
of 25 per cent ad valoiem except upon railroad iron, which
shall be subject to the same rate of duty as bar or bolt iron of
similar manufacture, under tbe first section of this act, but
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to deprive
any State or mcoporated company, which shall have imported
railroad iron pnor to the third day of March next, of the benefits
andadvantagessecjiedtothem respectively by the proviso to
the 5th section of the said act relating to duties and draw
backs "
Mr PRESTON moved to amend the second
line, by striking out "until Congress shall otherwise
direct," and insert '"or the period of two years
from and alter the passing of this act."
He supposed it must be oovious to everybody
tha'jhere could now be hardly such an adjustment
of ttfe tariff as could be considered permanent.
Pressed as Congress now was, >n time, it would
not be probable th?t the deliberate and matured
judgment of Congress could be given to any
measure of specific duties.
The amendment wa5 negatived.
The question then recurred on Mr. Rives's
amendment, on which he called for the yeas and
nays, wh ch were ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that he would vote
for this amendment, not because it met his entire
approbation, but because it presented a basis on
which a just and judicious bill might be founded.
Mr. EVANS observed that this amendment pre-
sented a question of whether there should be a
revenue bill or no revenue bill, for he believed that,
if it were adopted, Congress would undoubtedly
adj urn without doing anything.
Mr. PRESTON said there was now no doubt
that some revenue bill was indispensable He did
not think it reasonable to suppose Congress would
refuse to ado^t an essen ¡ally necessary temporary
measure
Mr. CONRAD observed that the right of origin-
ating revenae bills belonged to ihe other House;
and al hough the Senate has an undoubted right to
amend any House bill, yet he could not consider the
present proposition as anything but ihe assumption
of a right to substitute a substantially new revenue
bill
The CHAIR observed that there was no mate-
rial diffeience between reducing the late of duty
by various amendments, and by altering such rate
wi h an entire substitute for the bill. The Senate
certainly had ¡V- r>ght to alter the ra'eof duty, if
it had not to originate a bill. The amendment wat,
therefor^, in order
Mr SMITH of Connecticut objected to the in-
troduction of a duty on tea and coffee into the
amendment.   He was for stnbng that out
Mr. WALKER would not, till all other re-
source, for revenue were exhqu-4ed, consent to
vote for a tax on tea and coffee. If there was no
other reason for exempting these necessaries of life,
