946
COUGWEStlONAL &L0BÉ.
to*"?' rflfr fifrirjV"-* *
.pjosed Jto juxtalediaJBi tinsr-onereus duty of 40 per
• cent., w worn' ejtcsfusively by the forest of the
cjmmuóity, and bj^labarers.   He thought 40 per
cent a most unjust duty, and would not be produc-
tive of revenue.
Mr. KING concurred Ttfith the Senator from
Missouri {Mr. Bemton] in opinion, that it was a.
most onerous and unjust rate of doty. He, how-
ever, suggested 'to that Senator to so modify his
proposition as to fix it at 90 per cenmm ad valo-
reér.^TüatJÜe believed, would be the proper rev-
'éfltte fWim;'!áadJif the Senators in the opposition
*ere-ííflrceíe in their professions that their object
"'-was revenue, he hoped that this would meet their
•afpfobfttion.
Mr. BENTON accepted the modi6cation.
-Mr. EVANS opposed the amendment.   He ad-
- ftrtttea that the object of the duty of 40 per cent,
'was to give protection to the manufacturer of coarse
woollens; not to overgrown manufacturers, how-
■ever, but to thousands of small manufacturers,
scattered throughout the country, who could not
■withstand the competition of foreign importation
at a less dutv than was proposed in the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT was in favor of the amendment
proposed. He said that wool, which mainly enter-
ed into the manufacture of this species of goods,
was admitted at a duty of 8 cents per pound,
which did not afford as much pieiection as 7 cents
heretofore. He saw no good reason, if the purpose
of gentlemen was to afford protection, why manu-
factures alone should be selected as the objects of
protection. He could see no justice in the princi-
ple of giving protection to the manufacturer of
coarse woollens, and leaving the growers of the
^coarse-wools in this country entirely at the mercy
"of the foreign competition. The protection given
in the bill to the manufacturer of coarse woollens
was double as great as was given to the wool-
grower. This was unjust; and if gentlemen in the
opposition did not consent to the amendment pro-
posed, he would vote to put a heavier duty on the
coarse wool imported, and thereby give the agri-
culturist equal protection with the manufacturer.
Mr. KING demanded the yeas and nays on the
amendment; which were ordered
.'Messrs. CHOATE and SIMMONS made some
remarks in opposition to the amendment, and en-
deavored to show that the coarse wools from
abroad did not come at all in competition with the
■wool-grower here.
Mr. WRIGHT maintained that it did come di-
rectly in competition with a large class of growers
of coarse wools in this country. He wished to
give ihe agriculturists some protection, as protec-
tion was to be given to the manufacturer.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and decided in the negative—yeas 17, nays 19, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, Rives, Smith of Con-
necticut, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Crafts, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Merrick, Miller, Moretiead,
Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Stur-
. gaon, Tallroadge, and White—19.
Mr. WRIGHT pow moved to strike out from
the first section so much as laid a duty of 5 per
cent, ad valorem on unmanufactured coarse wool,
(being of the va'ue of 7 cents, or under, per
pound,) and to insert 20 per cent, ad valorem; and
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mewrs. CHOATE and SIMMONS opposed the
-    amendment, and endeavored to show that there
was no competition on the «oarse wools.
Mr. WRIGHT replied, showing that there was;
and alluded to the numerous petitions for protec-
tion on coarse wools of this description.
The qaestion was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 18, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
King, Linn, Phelpi, Preston, Rivet, Sevier, Smith of Connect!,
cut. Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bairow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate. Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Huntington, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Simmons,
Sprague, Tallmadge, and White—21.
Mr. WRIGHT mowd to strike out so much of
the second article of section 2 as relates to a
-minimum duty on manufactures of cotton of 30
per cent ad valorem, and to in.ert 35 per cent, ad
valorem as the minimum.
Mr. W. expressed his opposition to mín-
imums in general, and particularly io the false val-
uations a" the rnirrrnums in this section—which he
characterized as onerous arid unjust. He demand,
| ed the yeas and nays, vvbich were ordered; and, the
question being put, resulted in the negative—yeas
81, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, fulton, Graham, Henderson, King, Linn,
Preston, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Baytonr Evans, Huntington, Man-
gum, Morehead, Pnelps, Potter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and White—22.
There be,pg now no further amendments pro-
posed, the bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. EVANS here made a proposition to modify
the amendment adopted in committee, regulating
the duties on wines; which was agreed to.
The question now being on the concurring with
the committee of the whole in Us amendments, it
was put; and Ihe amendments were all concurred
in, except those on cotton-bagging and nntarred
cordage, which, at (he request of Mr. CRITTEN-
DEN, were excepted.
The question now being on concurring with the
committee of ihe wbjle in its amendment, re-
ducing the duty on cotton-bagging, such as is im-
ported under tbe appellation of gunny-baggmg,
from five to three and a half cents per square
yard—
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the amendment
would not be concurred in.
A discussion here arose, in which Messrs.
CRITTENDEN and MOREHEAD argued that
foreign competition would destroy the manufac-
ture of that article in Kentucky, if the duty wss
fixed as low as three and a half cents he square yard;
and Me^rs. WALKER, KING, and CUTH-
BERT showed that the manufacture of that ar-
ticle flourished and grew up under a less rate of
duty; and that the rate proposed in the bill would
be prohibitory; that it would operate unjustly
on the Southern portion of the Union, which de-
rived no benefit from the tariff; that it would, in
fact, be taking money out of the pockets of their
constituents, not to support the Government, but
to put it into ihe pockets of the manufacturers in
Kentucky, who were not purchasers of the pro
ducts of the South.
The question was then taken on concurring in
this amendment of the committee, and decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays, 23*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Beriien, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fuiton, Graham, Henderson,
King, Prebton, Rives, Sevier, Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—19
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge. and White
—23.
The Senate then non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the committee of the whole, redusmg
the duty from "six" to "three" cents per pound on
"untarred cordage."
Mr. MOREHEAD moved an amendment, (a?
was understood,) proposing a duty of four cents on
cotton-bagging imported from this side of the Cape
of Good Hope, and five cents when from beyond
that cape.    But,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, (as was understood,)
a proposition was so put as to fix the duty at four
cents per square yard on cotton-bigging, and five
cents on gunny cloth, which is used for that pur-
pose.    The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WALKER moved to ftnke out five, and
insert four cents per square yard for gunny cloth
He thought il most extraordinary that a duty of
250 per cent, should be placed on this article of
cotton-bagsing. He saw no good reason why a
duty of four cents should be laid on one article,
and five on another, of cotton bagging. It was
for this reason, and for ihe unjustness of the duty,
that he wished to strike out five cents and insert
four cents. He demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. CUTHBERT demanded to know the reason
which had operated since the morning to induce
Senators to undo the rate of duty fixed in the bill
when in committee on this article. He called on,
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Moeehead] to
furnish him with a reason. That Senator must,
since that time, have been possessed of a profundi-
ty of statistics, or mercantile informa'ion, to urge
him forward; or was there a reason operating with
S;nators much more powerful, (as he bad heard it
intimated that the votes of the Senators from Ken-
tucky for the passage of the bill were in doubt,)
whereby there was much greater chance of receiv-
ing the votes of the Senators from Kentucky for
the bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Walker, and decided in the negative—
yeas 23,nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson,
King, Linn, Preston, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and "Young
-23.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—23.
Mr. KING said it certainly could not be the in-
tealion of the Senators that there should be a du-
ty ot 6 cents per pound on untarred cordage,
which would entirely prohibit the article. He
moved to strike out 6 cents, and insert 3£.
Mr. EVANS suggested, as a compromise, 4i in-
stead of 6; and the question being put, the amend-
ment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK moved an additional section to
the bill, so a* to limit ils operation to two years,
and no longer, from the date of its passage.
Mr. PRESTON defanded the amendment, and
Mr. EVANS opposed it.
Mr. MERRICK sád his object was to give to
the next Congress an opportunity to deliberate nine
long months on the subject, and to readjust and
arrange it on proper principles.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and decided in the negative—yeas 21, nays 22, as
follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, King, Linn,
Mangum, Mernck, Preston, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Walker, Williams, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Banow, Bates, Bayard,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Dayton, Evans, Huntington,
Miller, Morehead, Phelpi, Porter, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tall-
madge, White, Woodbridge, and Wright—22.
The question now being on ordering the amend-
ments to be engrossed, and ihe bill to be read a
third time—
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered: but,
At ihe suggestion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the
call was withdrawn.
Mr. CALHOUN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MERRICK moved to adjourn, and
Mr. EVANS demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which being ordered, the motion to
adjourn was withdrawn
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested to the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] as a matter
of counesy, that he withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays, and let the question be taken sub sikntio
on ordering the amendments to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. BUCHANAN joined in the appeal to the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to
withdraw the motion as a matter of couitesy, as it
would result in no benefit if the yeas and nays
wera taken on ordering the bill, as amended, to be
engrossed.
Mr CALHOUN said, as far as he could judge,
the vote on ordering it to a third reading would be
very close. It was a bill of so much importance,
and so pregnant with injustice and mischief, that
he felt it his duty to resist it in every stage of its
progress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, if the Senator per-
sisted in his demand for the yeas and nays, it
vsould force us to adjourn. He saw no necessary
reason for the yeas and nays, and hoped the call
would be wi hdrawn.
Mr. CALHOUN said he did not wish to be con-
sidered discourteous, and withdrew the demand.
