COUfíRESSJONAL GLOBS.                                            051
I snail not now dwell upon the distress which
would be produced throughout my own State,
among the laboring classes who have heretofore
found employment at rur numerous furnaces and
forges, and in oar coal-mmes. Prom their habits
of life, they are m a great degree unfitted for other
employments; and even if this were not the case,
there is no demand for their labor in any other
pursuit. My heart sickens at the prospect of mis-
ery and distress which will visit them and their
families throughout the approaching winter, if no
bill should pass. But I have heretofore adverted
to this subject more at large, and shall not farther
pursue it at the present.
I have thus hastily sketched one side of the pic-
ture ; and now let me hasten to the other. I ad-
mit, most cheerfully, that the bill is extravagant m
the protection which it affords; and, in some in-
stances, is altogether prohibitory. It is a bill of
which I do not approve, and for whtch I would not
vote, were-  not for the preseHt unparalleled condi-
tion of the existing law, the treasury, and the coun-
try. I had earnestly hoped that it might be modi-
fied and amended by the Senate m such a manner
as to render it more acceptable ; but in this I have
been utterly disappointed No reduction of duties
whatever has been made upon any cf the protect-
ed articles, with the exception of iron—an article
in which Pennsylvania is deeply interested—and
one cent per square yard on cotton bagging The
duties upon htrnmered, rolled, and pig iron have
been reduced considerably below the standard of
the act of 1832, but of tris I do not c< rcplain. I
do not desire that any manufacture of Pennsylva-
nia should be protected by a prohibi'ory duty All
I ask is that such incidental protection may be af-
forded as will enable the manufacturer to live. I
ask no more, notwithstanding the annual value of
iron and its manufactures alone, produced in that
State,has been estimated, by those who understand
the subject, at more than twenty one millions of
dollars—a greater amount than the Mbole value of
cotton produced in any State of this Union. No
Senator can suppose that I would patiently witness
the sacrifice of such a vast m'erest in my native
State. The duty on iron in bars is so far from be-
ing prohibitory, that in 1839, when it was nearly
the same as it would be under the present bill, it
alone yielded to the treasury mere than two mil-
lions of dollars. I venture to predict that bar iron,
under this bill, (should it become a law,) will yield
a greater amount of revenue, in a fair propurtu n,
than any other article m the whole catalogue. Sir,
most of the other great interests of the country
have received as grtat, and many u* them a great-
er, protection than w as afforded them under the
act of 1832. If, therefoie, I were to look at this
bill in a sectional point of view; or if it were pre-
sented to me in any other aspect than as a means
of savihg the country from impending distress, I
should mobt certainly vote against its engrossment.
When I came to Congiess at the commencement
of the present session, I confers I entertained better
and brighter hope1-. I thought that the propitious
moment had arrived for settling the tariff question
upon a permanent basis. 1 hoped that such a
scale of duties could have been agreed upen, con-
sidering thepretsmg demand for revenue, as would
have afforded '■ufficient incidental protection to our
leading branches of manufacture, and proveí satis-
factory to the whole country I was prepared to
go as far as I po^s hly could, to satisfy the wishes
of my friends in the South; and I believed that
they were also desirous of meeting me halfway,
and compromising this vexed question. I was dis-
posed to yield much, believir.g that less incidental
protection would be sufficient fjr the manufac-
turers, when they knew it was to be permanent.
This spirit of conciliation was that which gave
birth to our institutions, and this Jone can preserve
them. In such a spirit, I advised a valued friend
in the House [Mr. Inoersoll] to mtndnce a bill
restoring the duties as they stood in 1839. This
bill would have scarcely produced sufficient rev-
enue to supply the wants of the treasury; and it
would have reduced all the duties under the act of
182(2 in equal ptpportion. I regretted to find that
this, measure of conciliation received no support
from my Southern political friends, with whom it
has ever been my pride and pleasure to act in har-
mony. Even a proposition to restore the duties
to what they were m 1840 met with a similar fate.
And such was my anxiety to manifest my friendly
disposition on the subject, that I would have voted
on yesterday for a similar proposition introduced
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] al-
though I knew it then came too late, had it not
contained the (to me) odious tax upon tea and
coffee. If the present extravagant bill should be
forced upon the country, I feel conscious that I
have done everything that I could to avert it, in
the only manner possible—by most earnestly and
sincerely endeavoring to unite our political friends
in favor of a moderate and conciliatory measure.
I would upon the present, as upon almost every
other occasion, have acted upon the principles of
General Jackson—a man nearly as much distin-
guished for sagacity and statesmanship, as for his
courage and conduct on the field of battle. That
illustrious old man, having the subject of the re-
view and reduction of the tariff of 1832 distinctly
m view, uses the following language, in his annual
message of December in that year:
" The soundest maxims of public policy, and the principles
upon which our republican institutions are founded, recom
mend a proper adaptation of the revenue to the expendi-
ture, and iheyalso require that the expenditure shall be limit
ed to what by an economical administration, shall be consistent
with the simplicity of the Government, and necessary to an
efficient public service In effecting this adjustment, it is due,
injustice to the interests of the different States, and even to th«
preservation of the Union itself, that the protection affoided by
existing laws to any branches of the national mdustiy shojld
not exteed what may be necessary to countet act the re/tula
tions of foreign nations, and to secure a supply of those
articles of manufacture essential to the national indeyend
ence and sajety in time of wai "
In several of his previous messages to Ongress,
he avows similar pnncip'es, in terms still t rongf r;
and in one of them he cites the auihonty of Jeffer-
son, Madison, and Mtr.roe, in their support. Tnis
is my creed 'ipon the subject of the tar ff, and I
am to'h vvi'iiDg and anxu us to carry i out fanly
into practice. I am w lltng to unite wiih my politi-
cal íriends ¡rom the North, the St uth, the East, and
the West, in reducing the expcnditun.s ot the Gov-
ernmeut to the lowest point, con.istenily with the
national honor and the national safety. I would
not impose one dollar of duties on foreum imports
beyond what may be necessary to meet such an
economical expenditure In adjus mg these dutits,
howevtr, I shall never abandon ths principle of
di'-ciimmation m favor of such branches of home
industry as may be necessary "to secure a supply
of those articles of manufacture essential to the
national independence and safety in t'me of war "
And this more especially after such manufactures
have already been establ shed, at immense expense,
on the faith of your laws I would save them
from s nkmg into ruin, by a rate of rii crimination
necessary to preserve them. 1 repeat, that this is
my creed, and it has always heretofore been the
creed of the fathers of the Democratic churuh.
I admit that the measure before us gt.es far be-
yond these principles in many particulars; and ye>,
with all its imperfections on its head, 1 would rather
take this bul, which will be instrumen al in replen-
ishing the treasury, and restoring prospeuty to the
country, than Ipivp the Goven ment destitute of
revenue and the great interests of ¡he nation in
then- present deplorable erndmon I shall accept
this now, as niuc1! tie leav of Uo evis, and look
forward with hooe to better times for an adjustment
of the tariff, on a scale more consonant with all the
great and various interests of he Union vitnoutsee-
tious. It is pasible that, in arnvine at this conclusion,
I may have erred, but, it so, I have erred honestly.
If the ques ion were presented to my constituent,
I have no doubt but that they would decide in the
same manner. Indeed, judging from the numer-
ous letters which I have received upon the subject,
from pure and disinterested sources, and relying
still mote upon the unan'mou  "Ote of the Penn-
sylvan'a de'egation in the other He use, m favor of
this bill, I think I should hazard li tie in declaring
that, at the least, ftur fifths of those whee will I
am bound to obey, if placed in my situation, would
vote lor the present measure. Believing tnis, and
ever acting upon the principle that the '1 of the
constituent, when clearly and ¡airly expressed,
ought to govern the conduct of the representative
on all questions of mere expediency  I shornd be
faithless to my trust if I were to vote against this bill.
Mr B. said he had, on yesterday, voted against
several substitutes proposed for the present bill,
which fixed the duties at one uniform rate on all
articles imported. This he had done, because he
was- opposed to any horizontal tariff which could
be devised by the art of man. Such a tariff was
all wrong in principle, and would ever prove, as it
had already done in this country, ruinous in prac-
tice. He trusted that the idea oif a horizontal tar-
iff would be abandoned now and forever. A
statesman, in framing a tariff of duties for this vast
country, embracing as it does so many diversified
and conflicting interests, even if incidental protec-
tion were out of the question, must review all these •
interests in their respective relations towards each
o'her, and subject foreign productions to such va-
rying rates of duty as will best consult the wishe
and promote the welfare of all our people. This
was no question to be ciphered out by the rule of
three—to be solved by merely ascertaining the
amount of our imports, and then imposing such a
uniform ad valorem duty on the ma«s as would
produce a sun  equal to our expenditures. This
had never been the practice of any na'ion, ancient
or modern, so far as his knowledge extended,—it
had ceriainly never been the practice oí this coun-
try, until it had been adopted since the 30th of
June last, under the compromise law. Each aru-
cle of foreign import deserved a separate consider-
ation, as much as if it were contained in a separate
bill The far reaching sagacity of Gen. Jackson,
a* an early pt iiod, foresaw what would be the ef-
feet of this horizontal scale of duties. In his cele-
brated message to Congress, of the lOih January,
1833, he used the following language:
"The majority of the States and of the people will certainly
not consent that the protecting duties shall be wholly abro-
gated, never to be re enacted at any future time, or in any pos-
sible contingency As tittle practicableis it to provide that
Hhe same i ate of duty ik<úl be imposed upon the protected
articles 'hat shrill be i nposedupon the unp? otected,' which,
moreover, would be severely oppressive to the poor, and, m
time of war would add greatly to its rigors "
He had not the bad taste to discuss the question
at length, at this late hour of the session, and.
whiht all were anxious to decide ths fate of the
present bill before our adjournment to-day He
would, therefore, merely enumerate a few ot the
inevitable evils and bad effects which must ¡esult
from the want of any discrimination in the assess-
ment of dunes. Even the compromise ¡aw itself
did not abrogate discriminations. It was Hue that
it fixed 20 percent, ad valorem as the maximum;
but it con'emplated discrimination below that rate
of duty.
And, m the first place, a uniform rate ef duty
"would be severely oppressive to the poor," be-
cause it would impo<e the same ad valorem tax, in
all cases, upon the luxuries and the necessaries of
lite,—upon the costly wines used by the neb, and
upon thecoarse woollen garment necessary to protect
the poor from U'e piercing cold of the northern
blast With all his heait, therefore, had he voted
for the di«ciimmation proposed by his friend from
Missouri, [Mr Bfntün ] and which had formerly
existed in our tariff laws, m favor of low duties
upon low-priced c'oths and blankets. It was both
a wise and a humane policy to impose taxes upon
pioperty rather than upon labor.
In the second place, a horizontal tariff, be it
high or low, would rum all your mechanics and
an sens who prepare foreign fabrics for use. You
hiust discriminate m their favor; by imposing a
higher rate of dutv on the ready-made article than
on'trie iratsrial of which it is made, or you will be
supplied with coats and hats from London, and
who. boots and shoes from Pans. But I have al-
ready sufficiently adverted to this subject.
In the third place: in imposing a tariff of duties,
i you ought, as far as. may be consistent with sound
I policy, to give incidental advsntapes, by discrimi-
i natmg daties, to the productions of one foreign na-
tion wh ch admits into its ports your own domestic
I     productions upon liberal terms, over those of an-
II    other whi<-h clos.es its ports against your most ira-
|    portant aitides of exportation.    All nations have
1 acted more or less upon this principle. If France
I receives your ajncultural productions on more fa-
I    voiable terms than England, a s'atesman, in impo-
