CONGKBSSIOML ©LOB .
953
sustain it upon its formfr bigh elevation. One of
the greatfst obstacles to be encountered is the uni-
versal want of confidence in the public and private
credit of our country; and no one step can do so
much towards the restoration of that confidence, as
a measure which shall restore it to the credit of ihe
nation. This bill, he hoped, would have that ten-
dency; because it would show a disposition and
determination on the part of Congress to supply
our exhausted treasury, and to continue its ability
to meet ihe public liabilities; whereas, an adjourn-
ment of Congress, without any legislation for lhat
purpose, coald not fail to have a mcU fatal influence
in the contrary direction. In this aspect of the
case, it seemed to him that his State, as a State,
must be deeply interested in ihe passage, at the
present session, of some competent revenue meas-
ure; and he would again repeat, that, as one of
ber representatives here, the only choice presented
to him was between this measure and  none at all.
A friend had kindly suggested to him that he
should have voted to limit ihe operation of this bill
as to time, if he had intended to voe for it. He
had given bis vote against a proposition to limit
it to two years—very likely mistakenly. His rea-
sons, however, for that vote were, the apprehension
that, at the expiration of the period, Congress
would again fiad itself in the precise condition it
is in at present; ar.d tbat other* migot find them-
selves forced, as he now was, to act under coer-
cion, and choose between ihe disagreeable alterna-
tives of a very b¿d bill, and no revenue and no
collection laws. This was one of his objections to
the compromise act, made at ihe time of its pas-
sage, thcugh he gave that law his vote. He then
foresaw that the expiration of its term would be
likely to fall upon Congress unprepared, and that
hasty and dangerous action would probably be ihe
consequence.
He had only to repeat, th?t he felt most deeply
the resp .nstb.lity of the vol-: : e was aboiv lo give;
but,-as his conclusion had .itecn formed afttr all
the reflection he was carVole of bestowing upon
the subject, he must meet iho.is re-.^onsibili ies as
he migh!; and upon him, and him only, should
they i est.
Mr. WOODBURY spoke in substance as fol-
lows:
Were we all pursuing one end by different modes,
it would be proper, in this great exigency, to make
mere form yield to substance. It would, Kir, be
manly and patiiotic 10 relinquish auy diversity of
opinion about means—¡fail legal in themselves—
in order to attain one important and common ob-
ject. Nor would I, for one, in such a case, be be-
hind either the Senator from New York, t r the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, in such a public saciifiec.
But, unfortunately, that is not the condition of
the momentous question before us. Prom the
start, sir, it has been ihe deplorable policy of the
friends of this bill to seek, not one end or object,
but three: and tho«-e three involving principles of
cardinal importance, rather than being different
modes or means of subordinate cousequence to at-
tain a single purpose. Tho¿e ihree objects are,
first, to procure revenue to discharge the ordinary
obligations of the ireasury, and rescue public cred-
it from i's present shameful depreciation; next, to
give direct, high, and exclusire protection to
manufactures; and, last, to assume, through dis-
tribution, a portion of the existing State debts.
There is no use in circumlocution or concealment.
These have ail bees—these are all now essential
ends connected with the present measure. I shall
not add—as l  any of them—tbat they are bad
ends in the opinion of their friends; though, in my
own opin on, all are, in themselves incompetent
and illegitimate for the General Government to
pursue, except the first. Tbat is a paramount ob-
ject en this embarrassing occasion; and, indeed, to
procure revenue should be the only object m a bill
entitled like this—"A bill to raise revenue."
If it is also constitutional and expedient for us
virtually to assume Siaie debts to the extent ot"
three or four millions, why's it not attempted in a
separate, independent measure? Why this log-
rolling and combination or bargaining, which unites
in oijeJbill heterogeneous and irrelevant subjects,
and makes the success of one dependent on the
succe.s or failute of anothei? If you h. ve a right
to assume State debts, and have ihe means to spare
for it in these distressed times, why not do it open-
ly, and not under cover of a distribution of a sur-
plus, when no surplus exists? So, if you have the
right to give protection to one branch of industry,
as a legitimate constitutional end under the powers
of the Federal Government, and not merely as an
incidental consequence of duties imposed lor rev-
enue, why not march up manfully to such protec-
tion in a separate bih? Why not, as in France,
expressly prohibit what comes from abroad, and
competes with our manufactures, which it is
deemed so important to cherish? Why not add,
likewise, direct bounties in other cases, where
found necessary to sustain them? That would at
letst be intelligible, i.boveboard, and ihe country
would see and understand what Congress was
really doing; and that policy would not, -as in this
case, by an unnatural combination, embarrass or
endanger the only avowed object of this measure
on it" face—which is, to raise revenue. I do not im-
pute this to any one as a designed wroBg; bat
merely s'ate fact?, and complain of their bad ten-
dency. This stale of things, therefore, developes a
case where gentlemen are not called on lo yield up
forms for substance, as most of us would cheerfully
do in connexion with either of the three greatobjects
in the bill, if they stood alone. But n is a case
• where we are required to give up some one or two
great ends, in order to secure another; and are thus
obliged to examine and decide whether any end we
obtain by the bill is of sufficient magnitude to jus-
tify our vo'i <g for other parts of it which we dis-
like and oppore.
This is the conflict arid embarrassment. The
whole secret has been inadvertently disclosed in
some oí the remarks of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Manifestly, he deems the high protec-
tion in the bill to ma. ufacures, of rtorc im por'anea
thi'.ü tilínr üisti.i ution or revenue, 01 bo-h com-
bined. Hence, thers is no wo&der that he should
vole for it, thcugh he lose.s th-reby the other desira-
ble yet subordínate (¡id of distnoution ; and les-
sens also, somewhat, the si.II other (yet, in his
vie '/, les  vita!) end of revenue. While, on the
contrary, it is to be inferred that other gentlemen,
who d-'em distribution and the partial assumption
of State debts by it, paramount to all other consid-
erations, either in a party or public view, will vote
against the whole b>U, because ¡¡suspends distribu-
tion.
An intermediate class of gentlemen—like the
Sena'or from New York—deem the last effect of
the bill, in relinquishing distribution, its greatest
merit; nnd on that account alone aie induced to
v--te tor ii, coupled with the consideration that it se-
cures the collection of revenue, when now doubt-
ful, and may be eminently useful to the manufac-
turing inte/est.
Now, ,;ir, if i coincided i- opiir'on with either of
these classes, I should heve voted with ore of them,
without explanation or delay at this la;e hour. But
as ! do not coincide with th--i):, a minute or two
more of the indulgence of the Pinaie is asked, to
define my own po.-ition, and to show the reasons
which are to me conclusive for still opposing the
bill.
I placs out of view entirely the considei alien
which seems to influence some—lhat we are likely
to have no revenue if they vote against the bill;
because the bill is destined to pass, ii every Demo-
crat in the Senate votes against it. This I have
said and predicted from the outset. It secures a
bigh and discriminating tariff for manufactures;
and that alone is sufficient, with most of the ma-
jority ¡n this body—ihe high-tariff party—to in-
sure its triumph, whatever may be it* violation of
compromises, or its temporary effect on distribu-
tion. Next, it secures the rightful collection ol
revenue, when now it is, in their opinion, doub'fal;
a-d when the imperative duly ha' been devolved
"U them ever since !a«t June, at once to prov.de
lor ilidt cotitinp-pcy, if nothing else.
Hut why a Sert'iU-r ehoalri vi te for thK bill wt-o
is hostile to a hign ar.ú exclusive system of protec-
tion, and who is looking to 'evrnue as the chief ob-
ject that ought to be sought in a great exigency like
this, of a bankrupt treasury and dishonored nation-
al credit, is to me inexplicable. Í arraign the mo-
tives of no one, but look only to acls. You sus-
pend by it distribution, I grant; and that is desira-
ble. But hew long suspend it? Only, as the argu-
ment of the Senator irom Massachusetts proves',
till he and his friends possess power enough to re-
store it. Distribution u not now renounced by.
them from a disbelief in its illegality or impolicy,
or even from patriotism, or any moral heroism;
any sub'-iraiiy of public feeling and public princi-
ple, as Me ate invoked to believe; but fiom utter
inability to retain it, and at the same time obtaia
either direct or incidental protection to manufac-
tures above a 20 per cent. duty. It is to be surren-
dered, then, as a mere bargain—a/uir business trans-
action—a sheer quid pro quo; to get, instead of it, a
system of protection deemed more valuable. But
if it could be retained, and the high tariff be also
obtained, would it not be? Have we not had am-
ple evidence of that, in two successive vetoed bills;
in attempts sgain to effect it by an amendment to
this very bill in the Senate; and, lastly, by a new
separate hill to restore the distribution, which re-
poses now under your eyes, sir, on your own lablp,
and which hurriedly passed the other House on the
heel of ¡his, and is destined, I suppose, to accom-
pany this to the other end of Pennsylvania avenue?
No, sir. Same of us, have lived a little too long tobe
hoodwinked into any belief lhat distribution is
surrendered in tins bid f.om any cause except pain-
ful necessity, for any length of time—even a sin-
gle hour—beyond their ability to restore it. While
a Whig majority exists in both Hcu es, the only
obstacle—Ihe only salvation—irom the unnumber-
ed evils connected with the paitial assumption of
State deb's, through the distribution,is the firmness
and indeprndei.ee of the Executive.
So much to, that reason in favor of the bill. It
is something, I admit; but, under all the circum-
stances, it is a li-rced, temn-xnry, unceitain bene-
fit, a--d far ihe c >. ini.t'r; of wL-ido we are to de-
pend on otk l mearle--< \d efforts tbe.n this.
But % hat a.e ¡lute Senators on this side of the
Hou.^fc compelled to r.bc.ti'on in order to obtain
that tbupposeu equivalent? F.rst, El! our principles
of free tiv.de, and all cur oppi siuon to an uncon-
stitutional system of direct protection to one class
or section of coun'ry at the expense of others. We
b«iieve, cor.seieBtiou-ly, thai the direct protection
of manufactures is a power not granted i.j the Gen-
eral Government, but ictaincd to each State, to be
used according to its own local interests and poli-
cy, and belongs lo it a •• properly as the payment of
its own debts It is too late in ihe day, sir, now to
pretend that ¡his bill does not possess ¡hat direct
aad M¿h protective character. What would a
stranger have supposed, who, for ihe first time, en-
tered cur galleries io-da>? Not that revenue was
the topic ot discussion—the consummation devoutly
wished; but high protection, and nothing but high
protection, with most of the speakers. What has
been the whole argument ot its friends to-daj?
What their impassioned appeals, tut to save the
manufacturer.-!?' What but to aid that class, and
that alone, in the pre.-ent embarrassments extend-
in? to all classes? Wo heat nothing of saving the
armors—no'hing of 'r.clp:r>g toe merchants;
though alt i-rc distressed, and Ihough the
capital of the manufacturers (which the Sena-
tor from Hhode Island appeals to me as being;
three hundred millions) is doubtless eo; but is, at
the same lime, but one-ten'h of the ihree thousand
millions which belong to the farmers. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts asks, Uki wise, if the Con-
stitution itself was not adorned for protection?
Yes. But, in God's name, t«r¡d under its solemnity,
let me ask-, tor protection to whom? To the farmer
surely, ar,,i ihemeichant, as much as to the manu-
fac'ttrer. To ¡he twelve or thirteen mi-lions of
people now connected with our agriculture, cer-
tainly quite ss much as to rnly the million and a
half connected wita manufitjtures. I go with the
Consliio'.i'. n iot equal protection to the while in
th-ir lawful (.ursuits, but for no exclusive or par-
tial pro'eciou ui-either.
S'i far ps regards protection t'<any, by oaths im-
posed for revenue, I ma willitt? aid anxious tbat
all should equal!} ¡eceive auy incidental aid which
those duties, equally imposed, will yield to any of
