CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
WEEKLY
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 31,  1842.



Continued from No  60.
accounts, and to provide for tbe government of
Wisconsin, was laid aside to be reported.
An act to regulate the ennsiments m the army,
navy, and marine corps, was laid aside to be re-
ported.
An act to regulate tbe appointment and pay of
engineers for the naval service of the United
States, was objected to by Mr. G JOHNSON
An act to rec rganize the Navy Department of
the United Slates, was objected to
A bill to establish a nival school for the na\.y of
the United S'ates, was objected to by Mr. M. A.
COOPER.
An act to establish and regulate navy rations,
was laid aside to b  repotted.
A bill f( r the augmentation of the marine corps
was obj°cted to
An act creanog a new land district m the State
of Missouri, was laid aside to be reported
The committee rose, and reported the above-
mentioned bilfs to the House
Mr FILLMORE moved that the House re-
solve itself into C immittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, which was agreed to, and Mr.
Linn resumed the chair
A  bill to authorize the Legislature of Louisiana
to  sell land heretofore appu pnated for the use < f
schools mthat State, wasobjee'ed ohyMr WISE
An act for the relief  ot   B njamin  Murphy,
■was objee'ed to by Mr STANLY.
An act for the benefit of tbe Howard Ins ltution
of the city of Washington, was objected to by Mr.
J. CAMPBELL.
An act tor the relief of the legal represen'a'ives
of Na'hamel Pryoi, was laid a ide to be reported.
An   act   to   authorize   the  settlement   of  the
accounts of Joseph Nourse, was laid aside to be
reported.
An act for the relief of Charles M Keller, was
objected to.
An act to provide an insane hospital for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, was laid aside to be reported
An act to provide for the settlement of claims
for losses of property by reason of its military oc-
cupation, in th  Territory of Pionda, was laid
aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of Boyd Reilly was object-
ed to
An act for the relief of the legal representptives
of Therese Mallette, widow of Gacpard Phiole, was
laid aside to be reported.
An act to authorize the inhabitants of township
8 north, range 32 west, m the S ate of Arkansas,
to enter a section of land m lieu of the 16 h sec-
tion in. said township, upon the condition that the
same is surrendered to fie United States ior mili-
tary purp ses, was objected to
An act to perfect the titles to lands south of the
Arkan as river, held under New Madrid locations,
and pre emptu n rights under the act of 1814, was
objected o by Mi. STANLY.
An act to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the agent  or attorneys of persons
in whose favor awards have been made under
three «everal treaties between the United States and
certain fo eign powers, which awards have been
retained in the treasury in payment of debts due
to the United S ates, was laid aside to be reported.
An act declaring the assent of Congress to the
State ot I hnois to impose a tax upon all lands
hereafter sold by the Uni ed States in that State,
fiom an,' hfter tbe time of such sale, was objected
to by tbe Committee of Public Lands, from which
it was rPBorted
The bill ft r the re'ief of John Compton, assignee
and legal repiesentative of Garrigues Flaujic: laid
asile to be reptned.
The bill for ihe relief of Jean Baptiste Comeau
laid aside to te íepor'ed.
The bill to confirm cl um? to lands m the district
between the Rio Hondo and Sabme river, laid
aside to be reported.
The bill to authorize the issuing of a patent to
the heirs and legal representatives of Francis Ri-
vard, deceased- laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Andrew Forrest: laid
aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Eckford, deceased- laid aside to be re-
ported
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to purchase from the proprietors thereof the right
to use the anti attrition metal: laid aside to be re-
ported.
The bill for the relief of Henry Fry: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Jacob Green: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of John Moore: laid aside
to be reported
Tbe bnl for the relief of Henry Newman. Mr.
PROFFlTtbjected
The bill to repair a portion of Pensnylvania
avenue   objected to
The bill to authorize the Solicitor ff the Treas
ury to compromise the claim of the Um ed States
against the -ureties of Henry Daniel and Thomas
Tnplett ot Kentucky- Uid aside to be reported.
The bill for the re ltf of Mrs Mary W Thomp-
son, widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel Thomp-
son, of the army of tbe United Slates laid aside
to be reported
The bill for the rrlief of certain ctmpanie . of
Michigan miutia    Mr WISE objected
Mr COOPER of Georgia a ked the indulgence
of the ctmmittee to take up the bill for the relief of
Colonel Watson
Mr. ADAMS objected.
On mot on of Mr MLLMORE, the committee
rose and reported the bills to the House.
Mr FILLMORE moved that the question be
taken on engrossing the bills
Mr. ADAMS objected, on the ground that a
quorum was not present
Mr FILLMORE moved a call of the House-
carried—ayes 40, noes 15
The roll was then called, and it was ascertained
that 110 members were present.
The absemees were then called, and it appeared
that 139 were present.
Mr HOLMES moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
l'he officers of the House were then ordered to
close tbe doors, and the absentees were again
called, when several excuses were made and re-
ceived.
Mr FILLMORE moved to dispense with any
further proceedings under the call; which was
agrred to.
Tbe House then took up the list of bills voted
upon in Committee of the Whole.
Several bills, at the request of several gentle-
men, were laid aside for explanation on a future
day.
The act to provide for the settlement of ac-
counts, and to provide for the Government of the
Territory of Wisconsin, was taken up, the amend-
ments of tbe Committee of the Whole were con-
curred id, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
and was read a third time, and passed
An act for tbe relief tf I«aac Hull was read a
third lime, ard passed, as were also ihe folk wing
An act to prtvide for ihe reports of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
An  act  to establish and regulate naval rations.
An act to prov de for the publication of a new
edition of the laws and regulations of the Post Of-
fice  Department, and a perfect list of the post of-
fices in the United States
An act  in relation to lands sold in Greensburg
(late St Helena) land district, in the State of Lou-
isiana, and authorizing the resurvey ol   certain
Ian is m said district.
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
; resentatives of Hugo Krebs.
A resolution for the relief of Ferdinand Pet-
ti ich
An act for the relief of Jean Baptiste Comeau.
An act for the relief of Enoch Hidden
An act to authorize the inhabitants of township
8 nonh, range 32 west, in the State ot Arkansas,
to enter a section of land  in lieu of the sixteenth
sgction in said  township, upon the condition that
the same is surrendered to the United  Slates for
military purptses
An act to provide an insane hospital for the Dis-
trict of Columbia
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Therese Mallette, widow of Ga°pard Phiole
An act for the relief of John Compton, assignee
and representative of Garngues Flaujac.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase from the proprietors thereof the right to
use Babbitt's anti-attrition metal
An act for the íelief of Henry Pryor.
An act for the relief of Jacob Green.
An act to author ze t ie issuing of a patent lo the
heirs or legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
deceastd, and lorolher purposes
Several other bills were passed, whose titles
could not be ob'amed.
The following bills were also, after having been
ordered to be engrossed, read the third time, and
passed
The bill for the íehef of Mrs Mary W Thomp-
son, widow of Lieut Col. Thompson, of the Uni-
ted States army.
The bill for the relief of Thomas B Parsons.
Tbe bill for the relief of Thomas Brownell
The  bill for  the relief of tbe legal representa-
tives of Henry Eckford, deceased
Mr LEVY asked the House to take up the bill
to establish a new collection district m Florida.
Mr. ADAMS objected, and the motion was not
received
Mr TALIAFERRO reported several private
bills that had been referred to the Commiltee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. LINN moved a reconsideration of the vote
on Uying on the table the bill for the relief of the
iureties ot Samuel Swartwout, and, after some re-
marks from Messrs WARD and STANLY,
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the motion
on the table
Mr UNDERWOOD appealed to the House to
take up the bill for the support of tbe penitentiary
of the District of Columbia, which he said was in
a starving condition.
Mr HOPKINS, by general consent from the
Cemmittee on Ihe Post Office and Post Roads, re-
ported, without amendment, ihe bill from the Sen-
ate, to protect the revenues and diminish the
charges upon the general fund ot the Post Office
Denartment
Mr WISE moved that the House resolve itself
into Commiltee oí the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the bill for the
reorganization of the Navy Department
Mr C JOHNSON moved that the House ad-
journ: rejected.
Mr PEARCE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill from the Senate to
provide for ihe adjustment of titles to lands in the
town of Detroit, Miahigan. and, by general con-
sent, the bill was reíd the third time and passed.
Mr WISE renewed his motion that the Hou e
resolve it.elt into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union
Mr ANDREWS called for the yeas and nays;
but a sufficient number not rising, they were not
ordered
Tellers were thcn called for, and ordered, and,
on taking the vote, the ayes were 73, noes 31—not
a quorum
Mr WISE moved a call of the House.
Mr.  ADAMS moved  that the House adjourn;
which motion was carried—ayes 76, noes 72, and
The House adjourned.
