962
IN SENATE
Monday, August 29, 1842.
Mr EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
Made adverse reports on the pet'tions of Challes
D. Russell & Co , De Forresi Mamce, John L
Pezant and Co., McDowell, Hayne, & Co., a .d
A. H. Abrahams, praying >he it funding and re-
mission of certain dunes; which were ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr EVANS, the Committee on
Finance wa  discharged from the further consider-
ation of all subject  before it, not yet ac'ed on
On moticn of Mr. EVANS, Mr. Walker and
Mr Beatty, workmen who were disabled on the
Treasury biiildins?, were permitted to withdraw
from the files of the Sena'e their papers.
The bill making a certain appropriation for the
support of lhe Territory of Wisconsin, having
been returned from the House with an amendment,
came up in order; and, on motion of Mrt EVANS,
the amendment was concuned in
Senate bill entitled An act creating a new land
district in the Stale of Missoun, ^&d changing the
boundaries ot the southern ard southwestern land
distrcts in said Sute, bay,04 been returned from
the House with an amendment, came up in order;
and, on motion of Mr. SMIIH oí Ind'ana, (hav
ing explained the amendment,) it was concurred
in.
Senate bills entitled An act for the relief of H*>n-
ry Eckford, and An act (or the relief of J Bapuste
Comeau, having been returned !rom the House
\iiih amendments, were taken up, and the amend-
ments concurred in.
The bill relating to the land saV-s in the Greens-
burs (late St. Helena) land district, in the State
of Louisiana, havmg been returned from the
Hou^e wiih an amendment, was taken up, and the
amendm-nt concurred in.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Conbad,
seme time since, cal'mg on the Sol citor of lhe
Treaoury to report to Congress, at its next session,
the facts connected with lhe claim of the first mu-
nicipality of New Orleans to a tract of land in the
city of New Orleans on which the united States
custom-house is built, and hi? opinion on the legal-
ity of the title of said municipality, was taken up
Mr. LINN conceived that the general law, pass-
ed a session or two ago, superseded the necessity
of ths passage of the resolution
The question was however put, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Senate bill providing for the extension of the Pat-
ent Office on 7th street, came up in its order; and
after a few remarks by Mr. TAPPAN explanatory
of ir-
on motion of Mr. EVANS, who opposed the
bill, it wa? laid on the table.
Mr HENDERSON, from the C> mrmitee on
Private Land Claims, to which had been referred
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in relation to the construction given
to the act of July 4, 1836, confirming the reports
of the board of commissioners appointed to inves-
tigate the private land claims m Missouri, submit-
ted a repoit, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the memorial of Lhmiel
Brook-,, protesting against the passage of ajom
resolution from the Hou«e of Representatives, I
touching the title to Bush Island, which imputed to
him impioper conduct, uniil a lull examination if
the chatges against him can be made: referred to
the Commiitee on the Ju lfiary
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, th  House bul
for lhe relief of the legal representatives of Wm.
D. Cbeever, deceased, which had been reported
fro*  theCommit'eeon CUimswithan amendment,
was t?ken up as in committee of the whole, and
considered; and the amendment being agreed to, the
bilí was reported to the Senate, and finally passed
as amended.
THE DISTRIBUTION BILL.
The bill from the House repealing the proviso to
the 6th section of the distribution act, (and which
sasppnded the operations of that act wnen the tariff
of duties on imports shall have been raided above
20 tier cent,) was taken up on the motion of Mr
CRITTENDEN, who hoped the bill would be per-
muted to pass to-day by general consent.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tne bill was then read the second time
Mr. TAPPAN said every Senatir knew that, if
Ih- bill passed, it could not meet lhe approbation
of the Executive. The quest on presented in it
was the same, precisely, which was presented m
the tariff bill, and which caused the veto of that
bill. The President gave his reasons for the veto
of this proviso then; which were on lhe file  of
Senators Unless the opinions of the Executive
had changed on the subject, no man supposed, for
a moment, lhat this bill would not receive a veto.
To pass it under such circumst?nces showed in-
sincerity and mockery in legislation, evidenced a
tantalizing spirit towards the Executive, and was
perfect chi'd's play. If a majority of the Senate
thought proper to pass the bill, he could only com-
plain.
The b 11 was then considered as m committee of
the whole; and there being no proposition to amend,
it was reported to the Señale, and oideted to a third
reading.
The bill having been passed by informally, on
the motion oí Mr LINN, owing to the thinness
of the Sépate, was subsequently taken up, and read
the third time, and the question being, Shall the
bill Dass?
Mr TAPPAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being put,
the bill was pavsrd—yeas 23, najs 19, a< follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Comad, Crafts, Cuuenden, Dayton. Evans, Giaham, Hunt-
ington, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps Porter, Rimmons
Smith of Indiana, ¡sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood,
bridge—23
NAYS—Messrs Allen, liaeby, Benton, Buchanan Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Hendeiaon, King, Lmn, Pres on Rives, tee
viet, Sturgeon, lappan, Walkei, Woodbuty, Witght, and
Young—19.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSDN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the bill from
the House entitled ' An act to confiun to the heirs
and legal representatives of John Brown, deceased,
a tract uf Und," was taken up, as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. HENDERSON explained and defended the
bill, and
Mr KING opposed it; when,
On motion ot Mr. LINN, it was laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. MOREHE\D, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the bill from
the House, entitled "An act for the relief of the
assistants of the marshal of the United States for
tre district of Kentucky," was taken up, as m
commiitee of the who! .
Mr. M urged the passage of the bill; and
Messrs KING a<id CALHOUN doubted the
propne'y of laving the foundation of a law allowing
additional compensation to the assistant marshals
for taking the census. It would extend to all the
marshals in the United States, if the door was once
opened. They had no doubt there were cases in
the South a d West where the compensation re-
ceived by the assistant marshals did not pay their
expen es. If meritorious cases could be adjusted,
without layirg open the treasury to all, they might
be disposed to do so. Mr. C. hoped the Senator
from Kentucky would permit the bill to lie on the
table. He made that motitsn; which was disagreed
to.
The bill, having been amended in committee,
was then reported to the Senate, and lhe amend-
ment ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. At a subsequent part of the
day, the hill was read the th'rd time, and passed.
Mr. CRIiTENDEN mlrodu-ed a joint resolu-
tion allowing to Mr. fusion $250 for extra service,
performed in consequence of the protracted length
of the session, which was read twice, considered as
in committee of the whole, and finally passed
Mr WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back to the Senate, without amend-
ment, Hou^e bill entitled "An act to establish an
additional land district in Florida " It was con-
sidered as ib committee of the whole, and finally
pa1 sed the Senate.
On motion of Mr   PRESTON, the Committee
on Mih'ary Affairs was dischaiger* from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Henry Goldshy,
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to test the psacucability of the sul-
.....■.......                     '      ¿i.......
marine battery of Mr.Colt for harbor de ence, and ap-
propriating $15,000 for that purpt se, was taken up.
The question pending was the amendment propos-
ed by Mr Archer, appropriating $6,000 for the
purpose of experimenting on certain inventions to
prevent the explosion of ^team-boilers
Mr WHITE of Indiana offered lhe following
as a subsutute for the amendment proposed, viz.
Resolvpd That the Secretary of the Navy be and he is here-
by, authon/ed to contract for the invention ofTliomasM Eas-
ton, Ethan Campoell, Aaron Qmnby, or Cadwalladel Evan1*,
a1? he may consider mo-,t effective to prevent the explosion of
steam boilers, and to use trie same in any one or moie steam-
vessels of the United btates that he may deem necessary to test
the ptactical utility of said inventions, and the amount agreed
to be paid lor said inventions (not to excet d $0 000) shall be
paid out of any money m the treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. ARCHER accepted this as a modification.
The amenament was ihen agreed to; and the res-
olution was reported to the Senate, and, as amend-
ed, was ordtred to be engrossed lor a th'rd reading.
At a subsequent part of the day it was read the
third time and passed.
ABSENTEE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
The joint-resolution relating to the attendance of
members of Congress, and making deduction from
their per diem for voluntary absence, except in
cases of sickness, was read the second time; and,
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, referred to the
Commiitee on tbe Judiciary.
Mr. CONRAD from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, without amem meet, a
joint-resolution from tbe House, directing the in-
stitution of a suit to te t the title oí the United
Slates to Rush Island, wh.ch had been ceded by
the Caddo tieaty.
On motion of Mr. CONRAD, the resolution
was taken up as in committee of the whole,
an", after having been discussed by Mr. O. in its
favor, and by Messrs. L*NN and WRIGHT in
opposition to its passage, it was, on motion of
Mr. WRIGHT, so amended as to strike out the
words "or fraudulent;" to prevent thereby the
testing of the title on the imputation of fraud
The resolution was then reported to the Senate;
and the amendment being concurred id, it vas
finally passed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, stating that that House had concurred
in the several amendments of the Senate to the
bill to provide for revenue from imports, and to
modify existing laws npon the subject, and for
Other purposes.
THE DISFRANCHISEMENT BILL.
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill to repúlate the taking of testimony
m cases of contestid elections, and for other pur-
poses, bad been recommitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary. He believed that the interest of the
country demanded its passage; and he would
rather run the risk of having it amended m the
House, if it were deemed nfces*ary to mfet the
case cf Michigan, than that the bill should be lost
for the want of action here.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nay? on
the motion to lake the bill from the possession of
the committee, which were crdered; and being
taken, the question was carried m the affirmative
—yeas 23, nays 17, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs Barrow Bates, Bayard, Beirien, Choala,
Clayton, Comad, Crafts, Cuttenden, Dayton JDvan^ Gialfm,
Huntington, Mangum, Milter, Moiehtad Phelps Preston Mn
mofis Smith of Indiana   bpiasue Tallmadge and Whi e— ¿3
N1YS—Me--st^ Allen, Bagby, B°nlon, Buthanan, Calnoun,
Cuthbett, Fulton, Kinsr, Linn, Rives -eviei, Stmgeon, lap
pan Walkei, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—17
The question now being, Shall the bill passl
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and  the question being put,
was carried in the affirmative—yeas 25, nays 19,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-- en,
Chime, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Fvans,
Griham, Huntington, Mangum, Miller, Moitltead, Phelps,
Pieston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Spiague, lalimad^e,
White and Woodbri''ge—25
Mis-Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Bucharan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Tulton, Hendeison, King, Lmn, Hive- , fatívici,
Smith of Connecticut, Stmgeon,Tappan, Walkei, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19
Mr. MERRIOK said he was absent when the
vo'e on the repeal c f the 20 per cent provi«i in the
6'h section of the land distribution bill was taken.
