CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
He would like to record his vote in favor of it; and
aske * the favor of the Senate to permit him to
do so.
Mr. WRIGHT said, if there was any question
as to the sentimems of the Senat< r, he would not
interpose any objection, but frequen applications
of the kind had been made and refused, and the
rule was imperative.
Mr MERRÍCK. said, if there was any objection,
he would notpre's the motion; but he would like to
be indulged, as it would not change the result.
Mr BENTON said that, when he came there,
twenty years ago, he had opposed such applica-
tions, and had always since adh^ ed to the rule,
whtther it operated aga'nst friend or foe He
would not consent to any person having his vote
record-d after the result was known.
Mr MERRICK was not, therefore, permitted to
vo'e
Mr. SEVIER said that a resolution had passed
the Senate on the 9th July, 1842, with which ihe
Secre ary of War says he cannot comply, unless
more cl< iks ate allowed him, he therefore offered
the following resolution:
Resoloed, That the resolution of the Senate, passed on the
9tli July, 1842, requesting the Secretary of War to furnish
copies of all the eotrespondei ce, and all the leportsof thein
vestíalo g committee on hie tn the War Depaitment upon the
subject ol claims pioudejfbrby the late Miami treaty, bt- and
ihe fadiue ia heicby, rescinded
The question was  put on  the adoption of ihe
resolution, and earned m the affirmative.
THE ADJOURNMENT
Mr. WEUHT moved to postpone the previous
orders of the day, f >r 'he purpose oí ta ang up ihe
resoluuonof the House, fixing the day lor the ad
journment of Oi ngress sine die.
Mr ARCHER opposed ihe motion and Messrs
KING, WRIGHT, and CRITTENDEN advocat-
ed H, when the question was put, and carried in
the affirmative.
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, the resolution
•was s,o amended as to fix on Wednesday next, at
2 o'clock, p  m., for the hour of the adjournment.
Tne resolution as thus smendtd was adopted
1 r BAYARD, from the committee of confer-
ence on the subject of the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on the bill to suppress the
ven ling of lottery tickets in the District of Colum-
bia, reported that the cmfeiees had agreed upon
a substitute for the bill The substitute (which al-
lowed ihe sa'e of ticket  for one year longer, in
consideration jf the contracts pending ) was read,
and agreed to
Mr WRIGHT said that there were many com-
munications ot an executive character pending,
and theretcre he moved that tie Senate proceed to
the con ideiation of executive busin sr The
mo'ton was agreed to; and the Sena e occupied the
rem-inHer of the day in executive session.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
MchDAY, Augu^ 29, 1842.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
Mr. BOTTS offeted a resolution to authorize
the pajmentof $250 additional compensation to
the Rev. Septimus Tuston, one of the chaplains
to Congr^s, and he stated tKat he offered it be-
cause Mr. Tus'on had performed much the
greater part of the duties devolving on the chap-
lains
Mr GWIN objected, and «aid if Mr Tuston
had penormed some of the duties of the other
chaplain, he had been paid to do it b) his colleague
[Mr.  Maflitt]
Objections were made by several other gentle-
men
Mr. BOTTS moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CARUTHERS objected to the adopt on
of the resolution, unless the other chaplain were
included
Mi W W. IRWIN also suggested the pro-
pne y oí rrcluduu ihe name of Mi   Mafhtt
Mr BOTTS refused compliance; for Mr Tus-
ton, he said, had performed the duties of both chap-
lain*;
The question was th"n t?ken on suspending the
rules, and the Speaker dt-e d d that there were not
two thirds voting m the affirmative; and the rules
for the recep'ion of the resolution we|e not there-
fore suspended.                                     i
THE TARIFF.         \
A Dickins, esq , Secretary of the ¡Senate^ ap-
peared below the bar, with a message frojfa the
Senate, and announced that the Senate h|d Jassed
a bill entitled ''An act to provide revenjfe from
imports, and to change and mtdiiy existing laws
imposing dut.es on imports," with amendments,
in wh ch they requested the concurience of the
House.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and said he hoped the
bill which had just been reported from the Senate,
would be taken up at once, and disposed of.
[Cues of ' agrerd "]
The bi 1 having been taken up,
Mr. FILLMORE again rose and said that many
of the amendments were merely verbal ones, pnd
they could all be di-po'ed of at once, except sui h
as might be exempted at the request ot any gen-
tleman, who de ired a specific vole on them He
hoped, tnerefore, that, if mere were any sui h
amendment, gentlemen desiring a disimet vole
upon it would point it out.
He then made some brief explanatory state
men's respecting «orne of the amendments, and
concluded by moving the previous question
Ml L'NNob ained a wi hdrawal of that motion,
on a promiso to renew it; and then made a stale-
mem of the motives which actuated him in the
vole he was about to give He i ene wed the mo-
tion for the prevu us question
Mr. FILLMORE moved a concurrence in the
amendment  of the Senate
Mt BOTTS desired the mo ion for the pre-
vious question to be withdrawn. [Cries ot "Ni,
no."]
Several other gentlemen made the «ame request
that they, too, might make explanations. [Re-
newed cries of "No, no '] The motion for the
previous question was then seconded
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to lay the amendments
and ihe bill on the table; on which he called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BARNARD rose to stale a point of order;
and, amidst much confusion, was heaid to say that
the proceeding was irregular.
Mr. HOUSTON called the gentleman from New
York [Mr Barnard] to order.
Tne SPEAKER sud he did not understand the
gentleman's point of order to be one.
Mr HOUSTON. Nor do I believe he has got
one.
Mr. BARNARD persisted in addressing the
House
Mr TURNEY railed him to crder.
Mr BARNARD said he should not press his
point of older
Mr BOTTS asked to be excused from vo'ingon
the question before the Ilouoe, and briefly stated
his iea ons.
The House refused to excuse him.
The question was then laken on laying the bill
and the amendments on the table, when the motion
was negatived—yeas 65, nays 120, as follows-
\EAS—Messrs Arnold Amngton, Afherton, Black, Boyd,
Adroit V Blown, Burke Sampson H Butlei, William O But
lei Gieen W Caldwell, Patilik C Caldwell John Campbell,
Casey, Cliffoid Clinton, Coles Milk A Coiper Cross Dvme!,
Dean, Juhn C Elwirds Esbeit, Gamble Gil nei Gosgin,
William O Goniie Giaham Gwm Utteisham Hams Havs,
Holmes Hipkins, Houston, Hubai 1, HuiHei, Cave Johnson,
John W Jones, J\ ng Lewis Littíeñeld, Abiaham MiCItPan,
McKay, Mallorv John Thomson Mason Mathews, Me lit],
Owsley, Payne, Raynftr, Reding R íe t, Reynolds Saundeis,
Shaw, William smith, Steetirod burner, Jacob Ihompson,
Tuiney, Warten, Watteison, Wellei, james W Williams, an 1
Woo 1-05
NA\—Messrs Aihm , Allen, Landifí W Andiews, Slier
lick I Andiews, Appleion, \yori¿g Babcock Bikei  Buoail,
Bat   n   Bidiack, Budseye,  B m   tftirlmaii   B iden   Block
way, Milton Blown   Challes Biowi, leremnh Brown   Bur
nell, < alhoun, William B   Campbell   Ihiinas   T   Campbt.ll,
Caiutheis, Chllds   Chittenden, John C   CHik James Co per
Cowen Cnnston   Cushins Gairett Divis  Richard D I)avi
D <eny, I hnElwalk Lveiett, Tenis I\=-.enun   JTillnioie,
Tohn G   lit yd  Gtntry, Geuy   Gi dm s  Punck G  G >oue,
Gordon   Gianger   Gu-tme   Hall   Halsted    llltick   H> ai1
Hudson Hun Challes J Insersoll, Joseph R Ingei oil  lame 
Iivm,  Willnni W   Iiwin    William CObt  Irhn on,  John  P
Keni edy,I inn, Ribert McCtellan, McKennan,  am=on Mison,
Muhiot    Matocks,   Maxwell,   Maynarl,    M tchell    Mooie,
Moigai   Morris Morrow fsewha d O ivei, Obnne, Paiinen
tei, Piarce, Plumer, Pope, Powi.ll P   Hit, Ram-iy Benjamin
Rvulall Alexander Rndall Randolph Read, Ridgway Rlgg
Rodney, Janios  M   Russell,  William   Russell, Saltonstaik
Shepperd, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Soliere, Sprigs
Stanly, Slratton, Alexander II H Stuart, John T Stuart,
Tahafeiro, Richard W Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tom-
hnson, Triplett, Tiumbuil, Underwood, Van Buren, Van
Rensselaer, Ward Washington, Edward D While, Thomas
W Williams, Joseph I William*, Wise, \urke, and Augustus
Young-120.
So the bill and amendments were t.ot laid on the
table
And the queshon recurring on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate—
They were read by the Clerk; and (after some
correction) no separa'e question having leen as¡£-
ed, eycept on the 29th section, the amendments
were concuned in enmasse
On the 29 h section Mr W. C JOHNSON call-
ed fur a separate qnesti m, and asked the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
And the question being taken, the said amend-
meni was concurred m.
So all the amendments were concuned in, as
follows: and the bill wants only the signature of the
President to becomt a law.
Sec 1 aiticte4 Woollen blankets, not exceeding seventy
two i y fifty two inches each, add," nor less than forty five by
sixty inches eacti "
b<x 2, line 2 Slrikcout "day and year before mentioned,"
and mceit "pajease of thisact "
Sec 3, tine 2 btrike out "day and'year aforesaid," and mseit
' pa&sage of this act "
toec 3ainclel Among the articles of stilt, insert "on pon
gets and plain white silks foi punting 01 coloimg, one dollar
an 1 fifty ctntspei p u id ol bixiten ounces '
Sec Í aiticleJ By the bill a¡> j as el by the House theduty
on ' unurred cot Hge" was siy cults pel pound—the Senate
propose to make it lom and a halfcenis per pound
See 3, ai icie3 Ti e duty on £ cotton basging" is reduced
horn five cents per squaieyaidtofoui (eiilspei sujiaie y aid
aec 4 aiticle3    feuikeouf'day and yeai afoiesaid," and
insei t ' (tibbage of this act "
Sec 4 arliole 1 The duly on "bar and bolt non made wholly
ot in pan by i illing ' is reduced nom twenty seven dollar and
fifty cen s to twtnty five d llais per ton
Sec 4 article 1 RaiHoad lion is entitled to the benefit of ex
is nig laws exempting it fiom duty on proof of its having been
actua'ly laid down on lailway  &.c Ihe item is amended by
insetting the woid permanent!} ' tiefoie ' Uld ' an 1 by insert
mg after the woids 'laid djwn " the words ' loruse," so as to
make ittead, "having beonactua lj and permanently laid down
for use "
Sec 4 article 1 The duty on pig iron is reduced from ten
dollars pel ton to nine dollaib pel ton
bee 4 article b I hlb aiticle enumérales the various articles
of copper, ai d the ra es of d jty un r os^d on each The Senate
propose to stnke out "plates or sheetsof «Inch copper is the
mateiial ol chief value "
bee 5 Strike out ttie "day and year aforesaid," and insert
''(as^age of this acf*"
bee 6, article 10 Ry the bill of the House the duty on ohro
nometers was twenty per cent ad vaknem The ben-tte pro-
pose to insert the woids ' ship oi box,'3 so as to read, "ship or
box chronometers "
Sec 5 article 10 By the bill, the duty on watches and parts
of watcher was twenty per cent ad valoxem The Senate pro
pose to make itsevenanda hall percent
Sec 5, alticle 10 By the bill, the duty on diamonds was
twelve a id a half per cent al valorem The Senate propose
to make it seven trtl a h ill per cent
b-c 5 aiucle 10 By the lull, the duty on ' gems, pearls or
pretious btmes" wab twenty pel cent ad valuiem The ben-
ale reduce it to seven per cent
bee 5 aiucell JJnwiought spars" aie to he mclu led m
articles to be deemed and tal en ab "uianufactuied wood, ' ard
to piy duty accor llngly
Set) Stnke out'dav and year aforesaid,' aid mscit'pabs
a^e of this ict "                                                          ,
six b Ihe duty on "suli hale of baiytes ' is change I from
20 percent  ad valoren t > ha'fa cent pel pound
Sc7 bliiktoui day andyeai afoiesaid" and mseit pas
sige of this ai t '
s^c S same amendment
Sect8 article 1 In the var ous descriptions of biov\n s igai,
on wlu^h the dutv i two and a I all cents i u 11 in tl in crt on
brown claved susai " so as to make that de-uipuon ol sugal
subject to the eiine tale of duty
bee -i aitidel Ch inge the duty on molasses from five cents
pel gallon to foul and a half nulls per pouu 1
Sec S amele 2 Airong spices subject toa duty of five per
cent advahrem  include Indeed
sec 8 aiticleS stnke out the followmff, viz
<Madena,sh-iry port San I ocai, and ( anaiywine; in casks
oi hottleb sixty cents per gallon on champagne ai d spai king
wines—Bui^ui dy ind claiet in bottles, for y ccr s J r   ilion,
in caskb tweiv cei is pel gallon Teneufle wn =■ him ks or
bo ile= thirt\ cents | ti g illoi on whl e « n e mt enumeiated
of Tiaict Au ria Pn =n - rdima in 1 Portug il md lis pos
se sun innsksol b ttle twenty cei is [ ei _a 1 , on red
whips not enumeiated, if I i xnce, Austria liis-ua sd, ilr )d
aid l>utu al anl is po session in casi s or b itle- tftcniy
cents per gallon on white and rel wines of spun Germary
and the Medltei ranean t ot uiumeidttd, in ta I s, twenty ems
per gaMen m b ules tinny cei is per " illol on siuly Made id,
oi Mrislla, aid all olhei v,mes of s,cily inca ks or t ntlei
thnty cents per "al oi all other wines not en imeiiteJ, md
oiheitlai iht eofliance Au tria, Pius= a nd sa, h, „id
of P ii tunal and us po -essi m" when in bottles, six y cen s ¡ er
galloi , an ' in ca ks loi ty cents pel aah jn
^,: ide^ri'iy";  t ™ ^ ^m «,„,, „, T*„
01 bot les' sixtv ce, I-?pel - h r o i cl am, « «««S fu /
cents pel sa'lofi, on pmt liir-inlv anl t U"- w"t > bit
ue thnty five ¿„t* pot «tilo! m,o,n 1 Bui i-Hwines,
n ca k , fifteen cer ts pel gallon on Ter en ^ wl íe m c s' s
0i bottles, twenty cents pe> gl Ion, on claret vrnu-   m casks.
