966
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Democratic party,, that had been opposing the
Woigs, and chuckling over everything on which
they could bang their objections to this measure,
fairly whipped in, and their names recorded for
this "bill of abominations"—this most execrable
measure of this execrable Whig party! What a
figure they would cut hereafter, when they came to
debate here and before this nation! They had tri-
umphed, had they? The Whig party were de
feated, were they? When we shall at last have
extorted the signature of the President of the
United States, said Mr. M , to a bill which has
been denounced by his clique as a high protective
tariff, and the leadiDg names of the Democratic
party are recorded in support of one of the great
principles ot the Whig party, call ye that a vic-
tory?
He did not feel like a conquered man at all. If
it gave repose to this country, let not the Whig
party feel any apprehens oris The people had
been agitated long enough, it was their duty to do
all they could, without yielding to any despotic
pretensions on the part of the President of the
United States. They had done it, and Mr M.
trusted that some new light from heaven, or from
some other quarter, would break on the wind of
the President of the United States, and that he
would find at last that, when he leaned on the mi-
nority of this Hou<e—when be trusted his pros-
pect for a future elevation to the Democratic
party—be was leaning on a staff which would most
assuredly break under him, that when he saw from
this measure that this Congress was doing all m
their power to settle these great questions that had
been disturbing this country for the last t«n or
twelve years, he might yet come back to the
Whig party, and act on thee great pr nciples of
truths, which were proclaimed all over ihe world,
by the men who elected him, and whenever he
was disposed to do that, Mr M, for one, would
meet him. Whenever he was disposed to give
them a real United States Bank, Mr M. would
not be disposed to keep the country without that
blessing, until the elevation of another Presiden-
tial candidate, who should have the glory of sanc-
tioning it. Until then—until the President yielded
on these questions, where he and the Whig party
differed—Mr M informed the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Proffit] that they would never yield
to any fiscal prrject whatever Revenue was a
great conciliatory m-asure in this House. Demo-
crats and Whigs, to be sure, had voted for it. It
had passed by ihe almost entire vote of the Wh g
parry—this morning, by the entire vole except one
There was no division between the Nonhern and
Wesiern Whiss—none whatever. He testified it
here, and should wherever he went, that'he Whjgs
of ihe Nor h—the tariff Whigs—had manifested a
most glorious spirit of self-dpvonon during all these
questions, growing out of the confusion nto which
they had been thrown by ihe last veto, and that
this revenue bill was the result of the fair will < f
the Whig party fairly ascertained, and not forced
on ihem by ihe avarice or cupidity of their North
em friends They wdild go befoie the country ¿s
a united parly who had gone far 10 ma main the
ronfidenee r/ ih s peorle IP the Congiess of the
United Stiles, aid to reMoie prr sperily to all tie
great miereMs of the country Indus rv and credit
xwcu'd revive under th< ir ! s si  icn Where tbey
liad c nquered, they had conquered mos ghnously,
where Ihey h?d been t  quered and de eated, they
had tailed on account of ihe action cf others.
Mr. M, for one, shou'd go bat k to his di-lriet
assured that he shou'd be ap, roved, that re c< uld
meet, in deft nee i f this Coti ress atd of his otvn
adion, all ihat mi^hl be *iid aga'nsuhem, aid
tcuild tett th t 'hey stood appioted b ts-re tie
r untry, and if there was any meisure wh ch
would stave off mihfortunes from Ihem, and keep
power in 'ben1 hand's, this was the very measure,
and one wl icl  the Anient an people would be lourd
to rx ly ar und
iWr ARNOLD obtained iHp floor at five mn-
utes felon the í xpira ion of the lime allotted to
debat .
Mr A osirt the honorable gendeman from Ken-
tucky [Mr Mírhíii] had c<-use personally to
tuonijh, and he u\ ght tt*l iha , so lar from bei"g
read out of the Whig party, he had himself tri-
umphantly led ihe Whig party over, and amalga-
mated them with the Tyler party, [laughter,] and
now this difficulty, this jealousy, had an«en be
tween the gentleman^from Indiana, [Mr. Proffit,]
who was formerly one of "the guard," and the
gentleman from Kentucky, as to which should
lead this Tyler party.   [Renewed laughter ]
That was the state of parties here now. Mr A.
thought, if the gentleman could have postponed his
eulogy on this high protective tariff b.ll, without
any other redeeming quality in it, until he had
witnessed its operation for two years, that it would
have been more discreet Mr. A, although he
was a tariff man, jaid that this was the most un-
fortunate measure for the protective tariff system
that had «ver been enacted m these halls. It was
not going to give the relief to ihe country its
friend? had boasted, it would not replenish ihecof
fers of the treasury with tea and coffee (amounting
to $3,000,000, wh eh gave it the only appearance
of a revenue Dill) out. It would not replenish the
coffers of Government and give relief to the treas-
ury, but it put it in the power of the whole anti-
tanff portion of the North, South, East, and West
to come out hereafter and «ay, ' L ok o your p'o
tec ive tariff bill—what has it done? Has it re-
lieved the country? No " A tornado would be
raised in the land, he feared, which weuld sweep
the tariff from our statutes
Mr. A had voted against this bill, because he
considered it a question of liberty ; it was a ques-
tion of legislative independence. The faie ot the
nation was suspended on it He had thought that
they never could bring the President of the United
States, who haá violated his pledges so soon after
his elevation to power, and tne army of office hold-
ers, to their senses, unless they taughi them the les-
son which was taught in the good book—to fast and
pray for two years. If the Whig Congress, who
were to fight against executive dictation and mis-
rule, could swallow two vetoes, he would like to
know where their independence could be found.
His policy was to withhold supplies; they had the
power to do it, if not, the liberties of this country
were gone.
Mr. A 's remarks were here terminated by the
expiration of the time prescribed for debate, and
the committee proceeded to vote.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr  Botts, and it was rejected.
Mr BOITá moved to amend the bill by adding
an additional section, providing that nothirg c n-
tamedin thi loan bill, or ihe act am ndst ry of tne
same, should be so construed as to authorize ihe
i««ue of oer ideates of stock for debts no v due, or
to become due by the United Stat*', in any o her
form than a ix ia fide loan to the Government, ac
cording lo th> crismi-l intention ot lhat law
Mr EVERETT moved  to amend the amend
mem, bv limning ihe minimum amount of cer in-
cales of lo^n t0 $500
Mr. BOTTS accepted the amendment as a mod-
ificad! n
And, by ayes 61, noes 67, the amendment, as
mo ified, was rejected
Mr POWELL moved a substi'ute for the bill,
as foil w -.
'•strikeout after the enacting clause to the end of the bill,
and insert That the Se< i tiry of the Treasmy be and he is
hereby authonzea to issue treasury notes to the am- unt of six
milliors fdo] ar  or such pau thereof as he may find expedí
ent asxsubst tu ef i a 1 keamourt of the I an which hi  heen
autl >i rr 1 by law if 11 his upini m the nib ic mteiest shall be
theieby piomotel Pinmdrd That nothing herein contained
shall be cinetrued as justifying die payment ofthe p iblicdttts
in tuasuiy note or anv other Government pa( u, when the
barre sha 1 be below par in open market,J
The amendment was reje-ted
And no further ?tn"ndmi nt havm  been offered,
the committee, on motion of Mr FILLVIORE,
ice and rep rted the bill to ihe House.
Mr BOTTS renewed his amendment rej cted
in Committee <f the Whole, after havi-ig agun
modified it to read a  follows
^ec 13 And bt it fuiiher enacted, That nothing con
tamed in the act autl onsmg the loan above ícfeired to
and an act amer ditoiy of tne same shall be =o co strue 1 as to
authorize the issue of re-tifioaks of stock for deb snow due or
to becomedue, by the Th ited tela es, foi ai y other puipose than
a bona fide loan to the Gove nmen iccorcbn  to the oiiginal
mientioi ol tha hi and tint no rer itacate lor any loan shall
be i«-med for a loss «urn than one hundred dolíais
And Mr B inovrd the previous qne«tion, but,
on a pledge ot us sei.ewal, withdiew it at the re-
quest oí
Mr STANLY, who addressed the House in a
speech of some length.
In the cours  of his remarks, Mr. S spoke of a
caucus which he said had been he'd by tne mem-
bers of the Democratic parts, aDd referred to cer-
tain proceedings therein.
Mr. SAUNDERS a-ked the favor of his col-
league [Mr Stanly] to yield bim the floor for a
moment, with a view to an explanation Mr S.
said his colleague was mis ak"n in supjosmg that
the pr position for the tauff of 1840 had been
agreed to in a caucu  or eom-ultat on amongst the
Democrats He (Mr S ) had voted for the propo-
sition in the Jud ciary C mmittee, t > enable the
gentleman frrm Pennsylvania [Mr C J Ingsr-
soll] to bring it before the H i *-e, without pledg-
ing himselt as 10 his ultimate vote A-d, after ihis
course, he had not expec ed to hear the South
charged with "fanaticism," as we had been by the
gentleman, m his mso'ent letter, as published in
the Globe, to bis constituent* If we of the South
are fanatics, it is m our elevo ion to the Constitu-
tion, and in the deferce of our rights and of our
propppy—cf which your tariff b.li, as just passed,
is calculated lo deprive and plunder us. But I
forbear to s?y more, as I have ju t heard that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania—for whom my re^
marks wete particularly intended—has left ihe cuy.
Tne previou- question having been seconded,
The rutin question (first on the proposed amend-
ment of Mr Botts, and then on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading) was ordered to
be now taken.
Mr BOTTS asked the yeas and nays on his
amendment, wnich were ordeied, and being taken,
lesulted as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs Adams Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Ap-
ple on, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Bud eye,
Blacl , Blair, Boardman, Bolts Brockway Milton Brown, Jer
emiah Brown William B Campbell lhomast J Campbell,
Caruthers, Casey, Chittenden, John C Clark James Cooper,
iVIaik A Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cross, Garrett Davis lie
berry, John Edwards, Everett Fillmore, A L Foster Gam
ble Gentry Giddings Goggm Patrick 6 Goode, Giaram
Granger, Green, Habersham, Hall, Halsted, Hudson, Jo«er h
R Inger-ol], James Irvm I=aac T) Jones John P Kennedy,
King, Linn McKay, McKennan, Thomas F Marshall, --amino
Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maynaid, Mitchell, Moore, Moi
row, Oaborne,Owsley Peaice, Pope Powell Ramsey Ahs
ander Randall, Randolph Itayner, RiJgwav Rodney Rosers,
W llham Russell, J M Russell, Saltor stall oimonton Truman
Smith Sprigg, Stanly s-tiatton John T Stuart, Summeis,
Taliaferro, J hn B Th mpson, Richard W Thompson Jacob
Thompson Toland Tomhnson, Trplett, Trumbull Under
wood Van Rensselaer, Wallace Watren Washington Ld
ward D White lhomas W Williams, Josepi J. \\i hams,
Yorke   ml A  Young—102
NA1S—Messrs Am elon Atherton Bilhrk Poyd Chas
Brown,lluike, William O Butler Green W C ldwell, Pat
lick C Caldwell, John t arnpbell Caiy Co es Cushmg IVme ,
Richard 1) Davis Dawson, Perns John e. F oyd Cerry,
Gilmer, W O Goo le, Gord >n, Hastings Hay Habaid Wil
ham W Irwin, Lewis Littleneld, Abraham McClellan Kibeit
McClellan, TSewhard, Ohvei, Payne, Plumer Puffit Real,
Reynolds Riega Saunders Shaw, Steenrod Sumter, Tu<riey,
Watter&on, Wellei, and Wise—16
So the amendment was agreed to
And the bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading [at this lime ]
And havi'g been read a third time by its Hue,
and the question being, "Shall this bill pass?
Mr. McKENNAN dtm«nded the prevuus ques-
tion.
And there was a second
And the ma n question was ordered to be now
taken
M RAYNER asked ihe yeas and n?ys thereto,
which weie order d, and, beir¿ taken, resulted ¿s
folio #s.
\LAS—Messis Adams Allen, Sherlock J Andiews Api lc
Ion Areo 1 Ainngi n Atlierlon, B kei, Baiun Bi llacl,
liudseye Hlitk boardman B ockwav Aai n V liowi,
Burke Willnm O Bullei PihirkC Cali will Therein* I
Cari¡ be I, Caiy Casey, C lies Maik A Cooler Cowen Cnns
ton Cnshine Darnel Richard D Davi^, i)w oil Delen\,
John C Edwards Tverelt Tei ris, Fillmole John G ricyi,
Gamhle, Gerry, Gil  er Patuck G Goote William O Gi ode,
Gorlon Giu "at, Habei ham, Hill Halste I His|in°« ITaj ,
II i Mon llutnrd Hud on 7 se| h R Ineeisoll WllimVl
Irwtn f ave J hi son I hn W 1 nes Isaac 1) Ton^s lo i P
Kennely King Lewis Inn I itilefiell Ah al dm VIcClel! ,
Rolert M Clellan McKay "VIcKen in TI u s r Marshall,
STani on Mi on, Matt cks Me hi! Mitchell M o e, Moiuw,
\ewtnrd Oliver O borne Paimenter Piyie Ph mei Pope,
Prrffit Ran sey Beriimin Randal! A<\ ndei Itmdal!, R^r
lolph R,< atl, Re hriK hhett Ri I n ry R <•<• J n es M Ri ell
*a! on<il 11 --aundeis ->huv Mupptil Hare Tinmen '-mull
Stanty Steenrtrd,&amter, fahafeiio,jacobltiomp-on.'lolan 1
