CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
Tuple , Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer,
Washmgt n, Watterson, Weller, Edward D White, Thomas
W Williams, James W. Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wise,
and A Young—115
NAYS—Messrs Lmdaff W. Andrews, Aycnirg, Babcock,
Blair, Butts, Milton Brown, Jeienuah Brown, William B Camp-
bell, Carutheis, Chittenden, John C Clark, James Cooper Gir-
rett Davis John Edwards, A Lawrence Foster, Gentiy, Goggw,
Giaham, Green, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynald,Owsley, Powell,
Rayner, Reynolds, Rodney, Rogers, Wffl. Russell, Simonton,
Sprigs, Stratum, John T Stuait, Summers, John B Thompson,
Richard W Thompson, Tomlmson, and Wairen—38.
So the bill, as amended, was passed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The resolution, adopted some days smce, having
been sent back from th° Senate with an amend-
ment, by which the adjournment is postponed until
Wednesday next, at 2 o'clock, p. m , now came up
in its order.
Mr. BARNAFD moved to postpone its con-
S'deratnn until to-morrow.
Mr. CA&EY moved the previous question.
Mr TILLINGHA T moved to lay thr resolu-
tion on the table; on which the yeas and nays were
cilled, but not ordered.
Mr. McKENNAN wished the rule of the House
to be read, as to the sending of bills to the President
during the last three days of the session—[Cries of
"No, no, no."]
The m-ition Co lay on the table was negatived,
and the House then concurred in the ammdment
of the S-enpte, by n hich Wednesday is fixed for the
adjournment of Congress sine die
Various bilis, with amendments by the Senate,
were then lak^n up.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of William B
Choever, was concurred in
The House also concurred m the Senate's
amendment to the bill m relation to the circuii
couitsof the United States for the State of Ken-
tucky.
The joint resolution to . thonze further experi-
ment:  with Colt's sub-marine battery, having been
amended by the Senate, was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The House took up the bill to regulate the ta-
king of testimony in cases of contested election,
which had been returned from the Senate with a
number of amendments.
Mr. BOTTS said a few wordi directed to the
impolicy ot the first amendment, giving notice
tha', if it were concmred in, he should move to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. FILLMORE expressed concurrent views
with Mr. Botts as to the impolicy of that amend-
ment; but was of opinion that there were other
provisions oí the bill of too important a char-
ac'er to allow ot such a disposition being made
of it.
Mr CAMPBELL of South Carolina was al o
opposed to that amendment; and after a few re-
marks, moved an amendment to it, the object of
which was, he said, to make the operation of the
section uniform and general in its opeiation [i e
by inserting the words "in accordance with the
laws of such Sta'e "]
Mr WHE, who was not present when the biU
passed the House, denounced it m strong terms, on
the score of unconstitutionality, and as having no
binding force or eff ct; and moved that it be laid
on the tab e
Mr FILLMORE (the House being very thin)
moved that theie be a call; which motion was
agieed to.
And the roll having been called, 129 members
answered to their names
On motion of Mr. WELLER, all further proceed-
ings m thr call were dispi ns?d with.
The questitn recurring en the motion of Mr.
Wisf, that the bill be laid on the table—
Mr. FILLMORE asked the yeas end nays,
whicn weie oidered, and, being taken, resabed as
follows:
ICA5*—Alexis Arlington, Athertoi, fiidhrk, Bo\d, Aaion
V lir iwo ( ndiks Blown, Bnke, William O Rutlel, Guen
W Catdwtll Cuy, tisey Coles, Mai k A Cooper Cross,
Cushin? Iliohud D Davis, Dawson, Dean, John C Edwaid-,
.1 inn G rioyl, Gerry, Gilmer, Goagin, William O Goo le,
Iliys, 11 pMm lljiwin, llnwnl, Hub ud, Ihmtei Cave
Johnson, lohn W I mc^ Lewis, I mil f i Id Abl iham MfCM
1 in, Ruber McCl. dan, tick it Thomas 1 Mai-hal1, I it v V
Mtson, MediM Patnie-itei Piyne, P uinei Pipe, Pi fli
Heat, ih 1I1112 Revnolds Rhett lii-it'S, Ro< els ^luti if s Sh iw,
felinld-, \\ul   hmiiii, fa| il=-, stec unl, ¡stun ,0, 'acoj 1,lull |     !
eon, Turney, Van Buren, Watterson, Weller, James W Wil-
liams, and Wise— 66
NAYS—Messis Adams, Sherlock J Andiews, Appleton,
Arnol 1, Babeock, Barton,Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden,
Botts, Milton Brown, Jeiemiah Brown, Calhoun, John Camp-
bell, William B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Caiuthers,
Ofenden, John C Cla*-k, Cowen, Garrett Davis Deherry,
Everett, Fillmore, Gamble, Patrick G Goode, Graham, Giati-
ger, Green, Habersham, Hal!, Hal-ted, Hudson, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Isaac D Jones, John P Kennedy King, Linn, Pam
son Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Mitchell,
Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Ramsey, Benjamin Ran-
dall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway, Rodney,
William Russell, James M Russell, Saltonstal!, Sheppeid,
Simouion Truman Smith, Stanly Stratton, John T Stuart,
Summers, Taliaferro,John it Thompson, R W Thompson,
Tilhnghast, Toland, Trumbull, lTndei wood, Van Rensselaer,
Warren, Washington, Edward I) White, Thomas W Wil-
liams, Joseph L White, and Yorke—80
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on concurring in the
first amendment of the Spnate, as follows, to wit:
"And providedfurthei (in substance,) That nothing in this
section, or intheacttheremieferred to, [thedistrictingclause
of the apportionment bill,] shall be held to extend to the
election of any person who shall be chosen a Representa
tive to the 2Sth Congiess in any State in which, by the laws of
such State, the election lor Repiest nuvive to Congress is re-
quired to be made by general ticket,  and where trie election
has been hetd, or may be held, befoi e the regular session of her
Legislatuie, according to the act entulfed 'An act providing for
the apportionment ot Representatives among the several
States according to the sixth census,1 unless the Goveinor of
any State shall, before the time appointed by law lor holding
such elections therein, by his proclamation, postpone the same
until after the next meeting of the Legislature thereof "
Mr CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved to
strike out all after tne word "StaA," 'where it first
occurs and insert, "in conformity \with tne laws
of such State."                                ^
Mr. C. had insuperable objections to the amend-
ment of the Senate. It propostd to exempt per-
sons claiming a seat in Congress, from some of
the S ates, from the operation oí a law which all
other  were required to comply with. Georgia acd
New Hampshire, for example, both elect by gene-
ral 'leket, yet, under the operation of this amend-
ment, persons elected from Georgia will be ad-
mitted, while those elected from New Hampshire,
under similar regulations, will be excluded. The
amendment should either be rejected entirely, or
so modified as to be made uniform m its opera-
tion The elections for Congress, as prescribed by
pre existing regulations m some of the States,
coming on before the legular times of the meeting
of their Legidatures, afforded an aigum^nt of con-
venience why the operation of the ¿-rcond sec'ion
1.1 the apportionment law should be suspended;
but he objected to giving it a partial operation If
suspended as to pait, it should be as to all. Some
of the States, in which the election , as now pre-
scribed, c< .ne on befoie the itgular session  of the
Lesisia'ui-es, may elect by doubl  or treble dis-
tricts; )tt the amendment of the Senate made no
provision for si ch case-; and it tney existed, mem-
bets thus el"ded wmld be excluded, while such as
were elected by general ticket would be admit'cj.
Mr. C, felt most anxious to promo e harmony,
and to avoid all dinger of eonfl ct wi h S ate au-
thorities, even a though satisfied that such confi cts
canno1 occur except under the influence of the
most unreastnabie prejudic, anc tie greatest mis-
take as to the true character of their du'ies. To
insure this deseable cbj-ct, he had offered an
amendment, wh.ch would suspend the operation of
the distnctii g clause cf the apportionment l?w
un ll if er the n x' Congress hid servftd out its
term; reljmg, in the mean time, up^n the intelli-
gence of a patriotic pe pie to rebuke that r ckless
spirit of parly by which a measure so conseivative
of oui institutions is threatened, and, b} the expres-
sion ot their opinion at the bailot-Vx, 0 presetve
it from the dat ger of repeal. It had been said ihat
th • fiiT '" of this measure were pfra d to Host it
on a second trial in the House Tne amendment
v hich he had offered would show 'bat,so far as he
vas coMerrnd, this w*« not ihe esse. Gent'erri^n
had an opportunity of now d oid n™ whetier ta-
king all things into c nsidcration, thev ^oul.i a<"ee
—no' to repeal,bin to stipend belay in 1' a' er tne
next Ci rieres- That Congress, eleckd under the
various sys.ems adi pled b> diff renf S a.e Lrpr-1- -
tuies, "vt.pl' h'te an opnornuij c¡ ¡p rj inga
But 'ti the subji ct, n all in b^ar,'  s, be -ao >i in d
to the ¡eop'e, let u oe cairel tor  h mt "nr, -t
it be m'lde ? test in ,ht elccrt s r ve-t v here, and
he teared not the result.
In the event cf the amendment which he pro-
posed being adop'sd, it would be left entirely to
the discretion of the State Legislatures to prescribe
what regulations they may think proper for trie
congressional election?; and, as a respectful argu-
ment to them in iavor of the single distnet system,
he would read ex'racts from a letter which he nad
just written, in reply to one from a gentleman of
great distinction, resi ling in a Southern State,
which has hitherte elected by general ticket.
It may appear to gentlemen, at first, that 'ome
of the positions taken m this letter address th m-
selves with more force to the South than to the
North. But such is not the case The United
States is our common country, and the mte'l ger,t
patriot, whether residing amidst the snows of the
North, or the sands of the South, must equally
depiecate the danger of an utter overthiow of the
balance of power between its d ff-rcnt sec ions in
the National Lrgi latere
Mr. C. Ihen rtad the following extracts from his.
letter:
"Whether, undei existing circumstarces, the single d strict
system is the best tha' can be adopted, or uoi, it appear;, tome
that all gentlemen of intelligence, whose opinions are uninflu-
enced by prejudice mustadrrut at some íuion on the part of
Conmess was piope)—1st To restore uniformity m elections *
2d To pieseive M e influent e of the small States from thedan
gei of being overwhelmed in the universal adoption of the gen-
tral ticket 3d 1o prottct minorities tmousboot the Union
4 ll Io piotect the minot ty section of the Union 5th To
preserve the Democratic feature ol the Government fiom anni
filiation
"The piactictl opeiation of trip different systems that now
pievail in the elections of different States, has been to destroy
equality m repiesen anon m propomon to numbeis, aod, m
this way, to assail the luodamental pnnciples of our Govern-
ment in the popular branch oí its Legislature The great teta'e
of New York, for example, with hei forty members m the
present Hotlseof Representatives, is outvoted uf on every ques
tion of impoitance by the little stale o! New Jeisey, with six
members, by a tnajouty of three to one Vnginia, with her
twenty one members is outvoted by the little State of New
Hamps-hne, having but five, all told Penn«y!vti in with moie
than three times the nuinbei of members, is outvoted by Genr
gia, <fec
"borne of my friends have loudly condemned me for having,
as they say, through the agitation of this question, roused a
sleeping lion, and, by showing the large states their real power,
have produced a danger which did not beiuie exist But is it
possible to suppose that the glaring inequality which I have
pointed at can long exist, when the States now electing by dls
tricts could remove it at any time by the adoption of the gen-
eral ticket? Indeed,in ad htion to the seven States now electing
by general ticket, another Gnakmg eisrht) has pre^cuhed that
her election for the next Congress shall take place according to
that system, and in seveiat ol the other States—amot g them,
the gr. at vate 01 Penns>lvama—the question was publicly aei
tated immediately beiore the passage of the tils rictimr clause of
the appoitionmentlaw However inapplicable to some of the
laige states the gcnelal ticket may be, the existing stale of
things if peimitieit to contn ue, would compel thtm, m their
own defence, to auopt it I he first exair-ole would be soon
followed by all the lest Members ekcted by gtnertltckel
would n ituriliybp pa nil to that system, and if Confess had
not aced at this se s on, I doubt if the time s\ot Id evei I avc oc
emred airam, when it would have been possible to do so The
distiicnog of any <tile is attended with more 01 lost mtonve
ntence lindera new ar portionment, the temptation isstiotg
with a Legislature to piescnbe that the fir-t election sh til be
by izeueral ticket The e eclion bemg held in this way, thesys
tern oh anís aJvoca'es Ine second election is als > held by
g&neia! ticke anil so the systuri becomes established ih.s,
you see, isicitl uleiatlon of convtnieiue o¡ e¡ ton" in rorjnn,
tionwiththe natural md pu pel desire to b tve as h uch lnnu
ence as othei ^tate in pi iporiion 10 numbers, in the House of
Representatives
"The violent of position which this measure has en-ountered
fiom Southern membeis ot Congress, ar d Goicrnovs oí some oí
the southern "states I as been to me untccountable Whether
elected as Wings or Democrats—wbeth 1 ele ted oy disti c ^ 01
bv States—the membtis ooro thp Son'h iies^ut an Uiblok'U
phalanx upon certain gt eat que-fons, thoueht to beesstntial to
her prospenty One ol tnese ques'ion—to wit a piotective
tanff—-tfill always commtid a maittit) m almost etery
Northern and Wes ern State If elee'ed by genet tl icket, the
vtite of these States would be ovei whelm ng in each one 01
them, however, llieie ate latge tmoouti swtot'ni', s we uo
Electing by the dis rtct system, we aie enabh I ro a\a t our
selve- to a considerable extent of the e 11 morn e , t-u thus,
in some mei-uie cnintrrart ihat u e .uaotv m ¡ojjliv in
which every cen us shows to be get 1 g „it,<.tel and gictel
a2amst u
"We It ive hltheito Io I u1 to the "-onate ts the coiseivaive
belvof our iSatt mal 1 f s s ature llu ool a'th« map 01 the
Vmrel is a't s Fionda is he last caul we have to throw
Wisconsin Añ 1 Iowa will bo'h be leady to come m rs sou 1 as
she is Look sill fuuhT west, be\onl oui otutmzed Pel
iitoiRs and ) ou will see an immense  leiion  now iead\ lot
*-Vs an evidente thtt one of the pimci ial lessons o{ confai
U112 n ConStessaco tioil off powei over t^t tures, ,j! ice
a id manno of elect ont, wa 0 isiue uiifoirnltv I w h, lot
th11 piesent ie 1 on'v to t te ie| lj 01 He Mudi or to 111 in ¡ my
ol Mi Monioe in the \neitila convention that aú\ tü i'ie
C institution     "Sir Madt on si d
1 w i- toun 1 m 1 o   1 1" o i v bh^ 1 me ijih e  anl 11 ai"i
of the election ol J'tj 1 'oidtiu-,    1 ti    C  r   1 11 1 m     it   s
luu.,d neLe   aiv to lene il ^ 1 -u sin 1 til it   s   1     I     ir
p a e, u the ^ a    (I vi  tmi  ]. j-1         h st    1   as 1  1 . t\    1
(I « si uatHIt Ol   t   e I    0¡   e         J"|-   to tl      f   !    1  I   <        < " fi     -I
G iveintnent, in i 'uu [i   'd"r ti   J i 'if       i 1 I '    "
i    ewn d o^^lutiou  '
