974                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■who shonld propose any measure, under the cir-
cumstances.
Mr. BOTTS now resumed the floor. But for
the remarks which had just fallen from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts*, he should hold that
he owed an apology to the House and to the coun-
try for being the first to move on this occasion.
As the oldest member of the House, the most ex-
perienced, and the widest, apart from the other cir-
cumstances of the case, the veaerable gentleman
from Massachusetts was certainly the most fit
member to point out the course wiuch it became
the House to pursue, in order to «indicate its hoDor
thus assailed, and Mr. B. wis >ed to state that,
under this imprc sion, he had personally indica'ed
to that gentleman the propriety of such a move
ment on his pari; but he had cWlined 10 act from
motiveb of delicacy, to which he had himself just
alluded
As a member of the select committee which had
made the report, as a member of the House, and
as the Representative ot a portion of the free peo
pie of this country, h<' ftlt called upon to vindicate
the honor and in kpendence which belonged to the
Represen atives of the American people
If he understood the message which had been
read at the Clerk's tab e, it declaied that the action
of the House, in adopting the report if the select
committee, was witnout precedent in oui parlia
mentary history Now it seemed that, on this oc-
casion, the President'  memory must hive been,
in sjme degiee, treacherous. Another and a very
memorable cas  ot 'h  like kind had occurred, and
one in wbxh ih  P evident had himself taken an
important part; and Mr. B proposed to measure
out to him the very same measure which he had
meted out to the then President of the United
States.
A resolution h¿d been adopted, according to
which Congress wa* to adjourn at two o'clock to-
moirow afternoon; and there was, therefore, no
time for a protracted debate on this matter, nor
■was there any need of it, because he meant, by per-
mission of the Chair, to introduce an au hortty on
the right of that House to adopt the resolutions of
the report, which the President, in all bis insolence
to the peoples Representatives-, dake not question.
In 1834 the Senate had adopted certain resolu-
tions, condemning the course of President Jackson
W the lemoval of the deposites from the Bank of
the United States to the Slate banks In conse-
quence of this movement on the part of the Senate
Prtsidenl Jackson sent to that body a pra'tst
against the right of the Senate to express any opin
ion centrina his public course; and, what made
the case then snugger than the present case, was,
that the Senate constititeJ the jury by whom he
was tobe triid, vhould any impeachment bebr'ughl
against him The Sena e, afttr a long, elabo ate
discussion ot the whole mater, and the most elo-
quent and overpowering torrent of debate that ever
■was listened to in this country, adopted the three
following resi lutions:
"1 Resolved That, while the Senate is, and ever will be,
readv toreteive fioin the Piesidemall such missages and com
mumcttions as the Constitution and laws, and the usual coinse
of business, auihouze htm t > transmit tn it yet it cannot rccog
nise my light in liirn to ma'to a formal protest against vo'es
and [Hoccedmgs ot the Senate, deehung buch votes and pro
ceedmgs to be illegrl anil unconstitutional and requesting the
Senate to entet suohpioteat o t its journal "
On this resell ' >n the yeas and navs were tsken;
and it «as a opted, by a vote of 27 to 16 and,
ami n  the mordtd votes in l's fav r, stood the
mints oí John Tvler, now anmg President of the
United vStates, and Daniel Webster, now his Prime
Minister
The second resolution was a-, follows;
"2 Rrtilitd Tha the afoiesaid protest is a bieach of the
J i ivi!e.,es of the toen i e, and that it be not entered on the jout
nal "
The sane vote, num"rici>lly, was gi'en m favor
of this resolution; apt among the yeas stotd the
names ol John Tyler, now acting President of the
United S ales, and of Daniel Webi'er, now his
Pume ¡Minis a
Toe ihnd resolut on rea' as follows;
"l Resihed That th President of the Umted&taleshas
no iignl to st nd a protect to the iStnule against any of i/a
yioeeedin^s '
And in sanction of ih,s resolu ion also, the rec-
ord showed the names of the same John Tyler and
Daniel Webster.
It was not often that he was dnven to the neces-
sity of adopting the sentiments of others; for he
had been in the habit, throughout his life, of think-
ing, and speaking, and acting for h mself; but on
this occasion, he bagged the privilege of adopting
a few extracts from a speech that, on the occasn n
to which he had referred, was ma^e by a gentle-
man whom, whatever opmioi s ' t (Mr B ) might
entenam of his views on other matters-, he never hesi -
tated to acknowledge as the soundest constitutional
lawyer in the country—he meant Daniel Webster,
the Secretary of State, and the Prime Minuter of
John Tyler; ?nd never could words fall from the
lips of man more appropriate, and more accurate,
than the words he was about to read.
*He read long extracts fiom Mr. W bster's
speech, delivered in the Senate ot the United States
on the protect of President Jaek on; and then said
those were the views ot the miellectu?l giant to
which he had referred. He forbore to add any
opinion of his own. He was willing to adopt the
sentiments he had read as hi , and he submitted
to the House, for us adoption, the following resolu-
tions, the three first of which were in the precise
form, and in the precise language of those adopted
by John Tyler himself:
Resolved, That wl list tins House is, and ever will be, ready
to leoeivc from the President all such messages and commur i
cations as the Constitution and laws and the usual course of
public business, authonze him to tiansmit ton yet it cam otre
cognise in him any right to make a foi mal piolest against vi tes
and pi oceedmgs of this House, declaring such votes and pro
ceedings to be llleg tl and unconstitutional, and requesting the
House to entei such protest on its journal
Resoh ed, That the aforesaid protest is a breach of the pnv
ilexes of this House, and that it be not enteied on the jour
nal
Resolved That the President of the Cnited S.ates has no
right to send a protest to this House against any of its proceed
mgs
If this were the first time a protest had been sent
by a Piesident to Consie s, he should content him-
self with offering ihese resolutions; but since the
present President had given them his opinion of
such a protest, he would add the following:
Resolved, That the Clcik of this House be directed to return
the message and piotest to its aathor
Inasmuch as he had only read resolutions which
wete adopt d by John Tyler, and extracts from the
speech of John Tyler's Pume Minister, without
saying anything for himself, except that he adopt-
ed ihose sentiments, he now moved the prevu us
question
Mr PROFFIT rose to a question of order He
orje( ted to the íntroducitn of those resolutions
without a vo>e of two thirds, the majority ¡hat
would be necessary to suspend the roles tor the re-
cepti' n of re ( hi 10"«—'he s-uspensu n h?ving only
been made or the reception and deposition of the
message.
The SFE1KER nas undersiood to ask the
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw h.s resolu-
tions
Mi. BOTTS «aid he would not do so until he
had m?de a single remark He was the last man
in this House to iruke a speech, and then to move
the pievious question. But on this occasion he
had merely read from the journal of th< Senate on
a similar prop Mtion, and trom the speech o' the
present Secretary of State. He moved the pre
vmu  question, becau ehe did not desire to express
hi< vie* o at this time He was too full of mdign'-
tion at this time to express 1 is opinions. [Laugh-
ter ]
Mr WISE rrre, amidst much confesión, and
challenged the gentleman from V rgmia to with-
draw the m tion lor the previous qursuon.
Mr BO ITS replied that neither a challenge nor
a threat wojld ma e a man honest
Tehers were appomt-d on the motion for the
previous question, and they reptr'ed 66 in the af-
firmative, and 48 in the negative—bemg less th n
a quorum.
Mr. HOLMES moved an adjournment; which
wa. negatived—yeas 47, nays 92.
The vote was then taken on s^condm  «he ell
for the previous question, and it was earned in the
affrrmaiive
Mr PROFF1T moved to by the resolu-ions on
the abh; \, l.ico. was negatived.
The main question was then ordered
Mr. WARD called for the yeas aad rays on the
adoption of the resolutions
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for a division of
them, so that the second resolution «hould be voted
on separately.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia moved that they be
all voted on se, arately.
Mr W. W IRWIN moved an adjournment,
on which he ca led lor ihe yeas and nays; but they
were not ordered, aad the motion to adjourn was
negatived.
The first resolu'ion being then in order,
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN moved to lay it on the
table.
The SPEAKER deeded the motion to be out of
order; and
The resolution was then adopted—yeas 87, nays
46, as folU ws:
YEHS—Messrs Adams, LandafF W Andrews, Arnold,
Bibcock, Barnard Budseye, Bliir, Boardm in Borden, Botts,
Brockway, Jeremiah Bt iwn, Calhoun, William B Campbell,
Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, thitenlen, John C Claik,
Cowen, Garrett Davis, John Edwaids, Everett, lillmoie,
Gamble, Gently, Graham, Gianrer, Gieen, Habershim Hall,
Hllseed, Howard, Hudson, Joseph ft Ingeisolt laaeD Tones,
John V Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan S Mason, Mathiot,
Mailock-,, Maxwell, Mayna d Mitchell Mooie, Morrow Os
borne Owsley, Pope Powell, Ramsey Hen Randall A Ran-
dall, Randolph, R tynei, Rilgway, Rodney William Russell,
James M Russell, Saltonstall, tohe| peid, Simonton, Slade,
liuman Smith fSpnsg Stanly, Sliatton, summers 1-ttia-
ferio, John B Thomt son, Rfchard W Thompson, ' lilmghast,
Toland, Tomhnson, Tnpltlt, Trumbull, Underwood, Vm
Rennselaei, Wallace, Wanen Washington, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseph L Williams, Yoike, and Augustus Young
—87
NAYS—Messrs Arnngton, Athertora, Blatk, Boyd, Aaron
V Blown, Burke, Wm O Butler, P C Caldwell, Casey,
Cotes, Cioss, Cush ng, Richard D Davis, D iwson, Gotdun,
Hains, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Hubard, Wm W Iiwin,
Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Abraham McCletlan Mal'ory,
Medill, Newhard, Oliver, Paimenter, Payne, Promt, Read,
Reding, Reynolds, Rigps, Rogers, Shaw, Shields, Steenrod,
Jacob Thompson, V-m Buret), Ward, Weller, James W Wil-
hamcij Wise, and Wood—16
So the first resolution was adopted
On the iecond resolution, which is m the follow-
ing words:
Resolved, That the aforesaid protest is a breach of the priv-
ileges of this House and that u be not entered on tiiejournal
The vote resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, L W Andrews, Arnold Babcock,
Barnaid, Barton, llirdseye Blair Boardman, Borden, Botts,
Brockway, Jeremiah Blown, Calhoun, Wm B Campbell,
Tliomas T Campbell, Caruthers, Chittenden, John C Claik,
Cowen, Cianston, Gairett Davis, John Edwards Lverett, Fill
more Gimbte, Gentry Graham, Giangcr, Gieen Habeisham,
Hall ilaisted, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R Ingersol!, Isaac
D Jones, John P Iiennedy, King, Linu, McKennan T V.
Maishall, S Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, M ixwell, Maynaid,
Monie, M now, Osborne, Owsley Powell, Ramsay, lienj.
Randall, Atex-tndei Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Rldgway,
Rodney, Wm Unwell, Jame3 M Russell, Saltonstall Stn.p
perd Simonton telade, Iruman -íimth Spngg Stanly rstratton,
feummei-, Taliaferro, John 11 Tliomp-on, Richaid W.
Thompson, Tllhnghast, To'and, Tonilinson, Tuplett Trumbull,
Van Rensselael, Wallace, Wan en Wishi gton Tdwaid Ü
White, Ihos W Williams, Joseph L Williams, Y oike, and A.
Young—86
NAY —Messrs Arlington Atherton, Black, Boyd, A V
Brown, Rmke Wm O Butler, Caiy Casey Coles, Cross,
Cushing, Daniel, Richaid D Davi^, D v. on, John C h d
Wards John G Floyd, Gordon, Grnin, Hams, Hastings, Hays,
Hopkins, Htibaid, W W Iiwm Cave Johnson, John W.
Jones, A MrCteltan, Maliory, Medill Newhard Ohvei, Pal
menter, Read, Reding, lteynolds, RigSs Rogers, bhavv, -hlelds,
Wm Smith, Steenrod, Jacob Thompson, "VVaid, Weller,
James W Williams, Wise, and Wood—4Q
So the second resolution wa< adopted.
On the third resolution, which is m the following
words;
Retailed That the President of the United States has no
right to se id a protest to this House against any of its pioceed
lngs
The vote resulted as follows:
Y£AS—Messrs Aihms Landaff W Andrews, Arnold,
Babeotk, Eatuau! Barton, Bud eye, Blau, Boai ¡man, Boiden,
Boos Biockway Juemi ih Brown Cilhmn W B Campbell,
Thomas! Campbell, Cirutheis, Chittenden, John C Cluk,
Cowen Ci mston, Gairut Davis, J din Edwards, Lverett, G an-
ble G^rtry Giahain Grander, Cuen, Habetsham, Hill Hal
sted Howaici, IT nlsrn, Joseph R Irgersoli, Isaac O Tot t.s,
John P Iiennedy, K ng, Linn, Mclvennan, Mmson Mason,
Mathiot Mattocks Maxwell Maynard, Mi chdl, Moore Mu
row, Osborne Owsley, Pope, Powell, Ramsay, Benjamin
Randall Alexanriei Randal), R ivnei, Ridgwiy, Rodney Wil
ham RussJl, Tames M Russell, Saltonst ill rsherpeid, Sin on
ton, SlaJe, Tinman smith, topriga, ssunly, s i lit n, ^um
mr^ laliafeu John B Tl ompson Richard \\ Tnimpson,
Tillmshasi, Toland, Tmilmson, Tuplett fmrnhill, limit i
wood Vm Rensstlaei, Wallace VVarieu Wa^hn 2ton,Th< mas
W Williams, Joseph L V\iMiams Vnke, and Augustus
Youne-b6
Js\YS—Messrs Arnngton, Alhei on, I Hr-k tlovd A^'onV.
Bitiv.il Cuike, V llham O Butli,Ponc ( CalHvIl Cuy,
Casey Coics Mirk A Coipei ( to** Cu 1 i iff Dual Kiel mi
D Davis, Daw3on, John 0 Ldw-uds, John G   lit yd, Goidon,
