CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
The question was then taken, resulting in ayes
34, noes 93—not a quorum.
Tellers were called for, and the vote was taken
by tellers—resulting m ayes, 30, noes 93.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
rejected
under the operation of the previous question,
the bill was then read the third time, and passed
Tne next bill taken up was An act to revive and
continue in force "An act supplementary to an
act entitled An act m addition to the act for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United State ,
and to repeal the aet«; therein mentioned," ap-
proved lOih March, 1838
A motion wag made to lay the bill on the tab'e;
but a quorum did not vote Tellers were ordered,
but still there was no quorum.
Mr ADAMS made tome remarks on (be bill,
and (hen the vote was again taken on la} ing the
bill on the table, but no quorum voted, there being
but 43 in the affirmative, and 54 in the negative
Mr. GAMBLE called for tellers ¡>«t no quorum
voted
Mr BIRDSEYE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, on being taken, they
resulted as follows: jeas 60, nays 57—being less
than a quorum
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON said it was evident a
quorum could not be kept together on that bill, and
he hoped it might be laid aside, that other import-
ant bills might be acted upon and he doubted not
a quorum would then be found
After some conversation, that bill was laid aside.
Mr. WISE moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of tbe Who'e, which was agreed
to, after much confusion, and Mr. Boardman took
the chair.
Mr WISE moved to take up the bill in relation
to naval schools
Mr. McKENNAN moved to lay a*ide that bill,
for the purpose of taking up several Distnct bills.
Some confusion ensued; but, ultimately, as no
quorum was present, the Chairman rose, and re-
ported that fact to the Hoa¡>e.
Mr. MATHIOT moved a call of the House;
which was ordered: and the Clerk called the roll.
On motion by Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr Boardman of Connecticut
m the chair,) and took up the bill to provide for the
purchase of materials and for the support of the
penitentiary in the District of Columbia, for the
year 1842, and, no amendment being offered, the
bill was reported to the House.
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana then moved the
previous question, and, under its operation, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed, and was finally
re&d the third time, and passed
Mr. McKENNAN moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of taking up the bill making an ap-
propriation for paving Pennsylvania a\enue: re-
jected.
Mi. SMITH of Virginia offered a resolution to
allow himself the usual pay and mileage, while at-
tending at the extra session, contenting the seat
held by the honorable Linn Banks.
Mr S. said that he offered this resolution him-
self, rather than ask another gentleman to do
it, because he wished to show that he was con-
fident of the justice of the claim he mide, and
wished to stand right before the House and the
country. The facts were these- At the b gmmng
of the extra session, he appeared here, to claim the
seat to which he believed himself fairlv elected,
and laid his petition before the House. He then,
on the summons of the Committee of Election*,
appeared before that committee, with his competi-
tor, and went on with the contest, till he overcame
his majority. It was then, upon the application of
his competitor, and against his earnest remon-
strance, that the case was postponed, and then they
agreed to refer the matter to the people, who de-
cided the contest in his favor. He made this claim,
he said, to reimbur e him for his expenses and loss
of time while attending heie to contest tbe seat to
which he believed himself fairly entitled, and he
repeated that he weuld not ask tor or receive the
money, if he did not feel himself justly entitled to
it.   Mr. S. referred to all the similat cases thataad
occurred m the House, to show that the pay and
mileage had been allowed m all of them.
Mr. HALSTED, chairman of the Committee of
Elections, made some observations corroborating
the facts sta'ed by Mr. S , and giving it as his
opinion that the gentleman was justly en ltled to
the claim he made
Mr TAL1 AFERRÓ also made some remarks in
favor of the resolution. Mr. T. contended that
this case came within the only useful precedent,
and that was, where the contesting member showed
that he had good grounds for contesting the seat of
tbe sitting membei Mr. S 's case was ptecraly
of this nature, and he wa«, therefore, according to
similar precedents, justly entitled to pay and mile-
age.
After some remarks from Mr GAMBLE, and
some further remarks from Mr SMITH, the resolu-
tion was amended, at the instance of the foimer, and
accepted by the latter, so as to date the commence-
ment of the pay from the díte of Mr S 's petition.
In this form the resolution was adopted.
Mr. J R INGERSOLL offered a resolution,
(which he piefared with some remark?,) to give to
the officers, clerks, pages, and messengers of the
House, the same extra compensation as was given
to themjat the close ot t>e long session of tee last
Congress.
The resolution having been read,
Mr BLACK asked if it was m order to offer
that resolution without a suspension of Ihe rules?
The SPEAKER said tl at the objection was too
late, that the resolution had been received-
Mr BLAfcK contended that th  resolution could
not be recened but by universal (onstnt, and he
objected. The res >lution could only have been
read for inft rmatioi .
The SPEAKER overruled the gentleman's ob-
ject ons
Mr INtSERSOLL moved thp previous question.
Mr. BLACK moved 10 lay the resolution on the
lab'e
On this question the Speaker announced the vote
to be—aye  39. noes 81, [no quorum voting ]
Tne SPEAKER said that there was evidently a
quorum m the House, and that the question was
decided in tne negative.
Mr. BLACK contended that there could be no
decision without a quorum voting, and raised that
point of order.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The previous question having been seconded,
Mr BLACK called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question; but there being but 18
in tne affirmative, and 100 in tbe negative, tbe
yeas &ná nays were not ordered—they not being
desired by one fifth of the member 5 present
Mr. WELLER called f< r tellers on ordering the
main question, and the vote being taken in that
way, there \iere 80 ajes and 18 noes—not a quo-
rum.
Mr. MASON of Ohio offered a joint resolution
for the appom'ment of a committee, to join such
committee as may have been appointed by the
Senate, to wait on the President of the United
States, and inform him that, if he has no further
communication to make, the two Houses are
ready to adjourn
Mr CUSHING observed that that resolution
was in the usual form, and, perhaps, was true;
but, before its adoonon, he wished to lav before
the House a statement ma e by Mr, Webs'er, in
repiy to th" repor of it 3 select comm ttee, of
wh ch the <?entleiraa froJi KenUcky [[,lr. Gar-
rett Davi*] was chairm n, m rdation to the re-
m ival of Mr. Sylvester f.om a olerkshn in the
War Department He had for several d. js been
wishing to get an opportunity to < ffer a resolution
on this subject, so as to bring it before the House,
but, not being able to do so, he gave notice th-it he
would print Mr Weoster' statement, with the ac-
companying documents, in order that they might
go abroad as a refutation of the charges made in
the leport he refeirtd to.
Mr. STANLY suggested that the Hou<=- should
order the punting of Mr Webs'ci'ss'atement
Cries of "Agreed! agreed!" and the reading
was called for.
The statement was then read, explaining the cir-
cumstances under which Mr. Sylvester called on
Mr. Webster for the payment of a debt, as men-
tioned in the report; but denying that at the time he
caused Mr. Sylvester's removal, he had any recol-
lection that he had ever called on him upon such
business, oi that it had at all influenced his conduct
on that occasion Mr Wtb<ter admitted that he
did cause the removal of Mr, Sylvester, by apply-
ing to the Secretary of War for that purpose; but
declared that it was in consequence of a gross
slander circulated to hn injury by Mr. S , in rela-
tion to the appointment of Alexander Powell as
con ul at Rio Janeiro
The printing of the statement, with the accom-
panying papers, was then ordered.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, tbetr secretary, with a joint reso'ution
providing for paying the expenses incurred by the
legation at Mexico, for subsistence and transporta-
tion of the prisoners taken at Santa Fe, [$6,000,]
which was, by general consent, read three times
and passed.
A message was received from the Sena*e, by
Mr Dickíns, their Secretary, stating that the Sen- ,
ate had passed a j« nt re olution for the appoint-
ment of a committee, to join such committee as
might be aopomted by the House, to wait on the
President of he United States, and inform him that,
if he had no further communication to make, the
two Houses were ready to adjourn
On mouon of Mr. MALLORY, it was resolved
that the select committ«e on the coast surrey have
leave to report, by bill or otherwise, at the next
se-sion.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL called up his resolution
allowing extra compensation to the officers ot the
House.
Mr BLáCK moved to lay it on the table;
when
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in
ordei
The question was then taken on ordering the
main question, and tbe Speaker announced the
vote to be—ayes 91, noes 45
Mr. BLACK called for tellers, and the Speaker
put the question, Will the House order the ques-
tion to be taken by tellers.''
Only 21 members rising in th  affirmative—
The SPEAKER said that tellers were not or-
dered
Mr BLACK called for a count of the nays.
Ihe SPEAKER    The Chair will not count.
Mr. BLACK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not put the
appeal.
The question being put on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr BLACK called for the yeas and najs; which
were ordered ly the House—aves 36, noes 95—
more than one fifth of the members present voting
in the affirmative
Mr. BLACK then rose to a question of order.
Pointing to the clock, he said it was past 2 o'clock,
the hour at which the two Houses had determined
by joint resolution to adjourn He put the ques-
tion of order, whether the House could do any
business after that hour. [It was then three minutes
afier 2, by the House clock.]
The SPEAKER The joint resolution requires
the two Houses to adjourn at 2 o'clock to-day; but
the Speaker is not the time-keeper of the House.
If tbe Houst" determined that it was not 2 o'clock,
it was the business of the House, and not of the
Speaker. The Chair would put the question on the
reso ation.
Mr. REDING moved th"t the House a'journ.
Mr. GAMBLE called fc 'he yeas and nays; but
they were n< t ordered
Themoticnto agourn was then rejected—ayes
30, noes 98
The question was then put on Mr. IngersolL's
resolution a ten minutes past 2 o'clock; and the
ye->s and na s having been called over,
Mr. McKENNAN obset ved th t it was evi lent
that a quorum bad not vol d, and he hrned, there-
fore, by universal consent, tne Hojse would take
up and ooncur in the Senate's resolution for the
appointment of a committee to wait on the Pres«
