
church. I saw the colonel of the One hundred and twenty-fourth, and he put his men on the double-quick until he arrived at the church, when he took his men up the hill to support the battery.

At that time there were some two companies of cavalry ahead, and I ordered them to send forward and see whether any enemy was on either side or ahead, and I then ordered the train to move on slowly.

We had nearly arrived at the church when the firing ceased. We then had a faint hope that our men would still fight their way out to the pike, then on our left, and still come up with the train, although they were nearly surrounded when the train moved off.

I was on the battle-field until I was ordered to move the train back, and can say that our troops fought bravely, and proved no easy prey to they enemy, who were five times more than our own numbers.

In advance or retreat our cavalry did well, although I do not think that they did their duty in the time of battle, and that Colonel Coburn ought to have been notified in time when they came around and assailed our left, which ground our cavalry held at the commencement of the action. The train, battery, and ambulances were brought safe to town, all filled with wounded, numbering some 60. Our surgeons, I think, did their best toward caring for the wounded.

Among the officers engaged I cannot help commending some for their coolness and bravery in the unequal contest, among whom were Colonels Coburn, Utley, Gilbert, and Baird, Lieutenant-Colonels Henderson and Crane, Majors Miller and Shafter, Adjutant [Frank C.] Crawford, and the lieutenant commanding the battery on the right hill, and, in fact, nearly all the officers maintained their honor and fought nobly for our glorious cause.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN I. BACHMAN,

Second Lieutenant 33rd Regiment Ind. Vols., and Acting Quartermaster

First Brigade, Third Division, Army of Kentucky.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James M. Henderson, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry.

-----

--, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to hand you the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers on the march from Franklin, Tenn., to and including the battle at Thompson's Station, on March 4 and 5 last:In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers --, from brigade headquarters, dated March, 1863, I left camp, near Franklin, Tenn., with the Thirty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers, in company with the First Brigade, Third Division, Army of Kentucky, of which it then formed a part, and moved south, toward Spring Hill. When about 4 miles out from camp, we suddenly came upon a force of rebel cavalry drawn up ready to receive us. The Thirty-third was stationed on the right of the pike, with the left resting thereon, where it remained most of the day. Once we moved forward to attack the enemy, but he having hastily left the field, we came back by your order to our original position, and there remained until 5 p. m., when we moved forward, and went into camp on the ground previously occupied by the enemy. Heavy pickets with

