
regiment is attached, I reported to you with my regiment, about 400 strong, on the morning of the 4th of March. Was posted on the left of the Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, and remained in that position until the advance was attacked, about 4 miles south of Franklin. I was then ordered to support the Eighteenth Ohio Battery, and held my men in rear of the battery during the continuance of the firing. Near this place we bivouacked for the night; but two companies were by your orders kept constantly under arms.

On the morning of the 5th, I was ordered to bring up the rear, for the protection of the train. When the firing commenced, I caused the train to be halted, and sent a messenger in search of you for instructions. He returned, having been unsuccessful, and I continued to send in succession a number of others, including my major and adjutant. None were, however, able to reach you. Near the close of the action, the train-master informed me that he had been order to turn the train and move rapidly to the rear. At the same time vedettes, which were posted on the hill to the left of the road, instructed me that a heavy force was moving around the hill to cut off our retreat. The cavalry was then retreating, and I immediately caused the train and my regiment to move rapidly to the rear; but I was overtaken by a member of your staff, with an order for me to halt at a favorable position for the posting of the battery, allow the train to pass on, and await the arrival of the battery. These instructions were obeyed, the halt being made at the brick church, where I remained until after the battery had taken position in front of my regiment, when Colonel Jordan, commanding the cavalry, ordered me to retreat. The train retread in perfect order, without the loss of a single man or wagon.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JAMES PICKANDS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Vol. Infty.

Colonel JOHN COBURN.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel William L. Utley, Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,---- --, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with orders, I herewith furnish you a full statement of what transpired with the Twenty-second Regiment of Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, which I had the honor to command at the battle of Thompson's Station, Tenn., March 5, 1863. I shall make no mention of what transpired on the 4th, as the Twenty-second took no part in that affair, except to take a position in the line of battle. When we resumed our line of march on the morning of the 5th, the cavalry was ordered out in front as skirmishers. The Twenty-second took the advance of the infantry. Skirmishing soon commenced after we took up our line of march, though nothing of importance occurred until we arrived within about three-quarters of a mile from Thompson's Station. Here the booming of cannon and the howling of a shell that passed within a very few feet of our left (passing along the whole length of the regiment, buried itself in the ground without bursting) admonished us that there was work ahead. I then ordered the brigade to halt, file off to the left, and lie down (or those of the brigade that were in danger), to await your orders, you being at that time some distance in advance;

