
they had a strong army at that time. I saw that it must soon fade away for want of materials to keep it up. I saw that the common people were sick of the rebellion, and would manifest it openly as soon as they dared to do so. In short, I saw that the marks of God's avenging hand were upon all their land, and the finger-marks of Uncle Sam were on all their throats. I, after all, look upon the afflictions I had to pass through as a gain, when I compare them with the benefit I have received by a knowledge of the situation of the South-the character of its inhabitants. I have learned what they say is true, respecting their being a different people. The difference is very marked. The Southern people are engaged, but very few of them can tell what it is about. There is nothing so hard do deal with as enraged ignorance; you cannot [deal] with it.

I think we have all come back impressed with the idea that there is a very great difference, and all in favor of the North.

God bless the North.

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN COBURN,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, Twenty second Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Camp at Brentwood, Tenn., March 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:On Monday, the 4th instant, the First Brigade, Third Division, Army of Kentucky, comprising the Thirty-third Indiana, Twenty-second Wisconsin, Nineteenth Michigan, and Eighty-fifth Indiana Regiment, together with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry Regiment, the Eighteenth Ohio Battery, and portions of the Ninth Pennsylvania and Second Michigan Cavalry Regiments, all under the command of Colonel Coburn, of the Thirty-third Indiana Regiment, left Franklin on the Columbia pike, in the direction of Spring Hill. After advancing about 4 miles, we encountered a small force of the enemy, which was repulsed by our battery. We then advanced about a mile and encamped for the night.

We resumed our advance in the morning. The enemy appeared in small force, but falling back. When within a mile of Thompson's Station, our dismounted cavalry engaged the enemy's skirmishers and drove them over the hills.

Thompson's Station is situated about the center, north and south, of a valley from one-half to three-fourths of a mile wide, and of a semicircular form, and on the west side of the Columbia pike. On the north side of this valley is a range of hills, through a depression in which passes the pike and the railroad. As the head of the column arrived at the foot of these hills, a shell from a rebel battery passing through the gap fell in the midst of the cavalry, but did not explode. The cavalry immediately fell back on both sides of the road; the infantry deployed from the pike upon the hills; the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana Regi-

