
ments to the right, and the Twenty-second Wisconsin and Nineteenth Michigan to the left. Three guns of our battery took position upon a prominent point to the left, and two upon a commanding position to the right. The rebel guns were stationed at three different points in the edge of the timber on the south side of the valley, viz, on their right, center, and left.

As soon as our guns were in position, they opened upon the enemy, who responded from all his positions. After the artillery had been engaged for some time, the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana Regiments, on our right, were ordered to advance into the valley, and to charge the battery upon the enemy's left. They advanced with a shout, and charged boldly across the valley and past the railroad depot, when they came within range of a long line of the enemy's infantry that were hid behind a stone fence. These rose and poured volley after volley into them. Immediately the whole line of the enemy's force emerged from the woods, forming a complete line of over a mile in length, and in front of the two regiments of ours which had charged upon the battery, they advanced in column. The Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third were soon compelled to retreat across the valley, and retired in good order, closely pursued, to their first position on the brow of the hill on the north side of the valley, where the two guns had first taken position. As the rebels came up the hill, these guns opened upon them with grape and canister, and the two Indiana regiments received them with a terrific fire. These noble regiments maintained their position to the last.

The position of the Twenty-second Wisconsin and Nineteenth Michigan was upon a ridge to the left of and lower than the one upon which the Indiana regiments were stationed, and it was not until the rebel line advanced and gained this eminence that we first came under fire of the infantry. Previous to that, however, the enemy had moved a battery to the left, bringing us in range, and had thrown quite a number of shot and shell among us. Almost at the same moment the enemy opened upon us from the front and right flank; notwithstanding, we maintained our position.

A few minutes before this, our battery had moved from the hill into the pike, being very nearly out of ammunition. Colonel Coburn, finding himself severely pressed, sent for the Nineteenth Michigan Regiment to assist him. The Twenty-second Wisconsin Regiment was left alone, with the enemy pressing in front and right flank, and on our left a regiment of infantry, with one piece of artillery and a small body of cavalry, was pressing forward around the hill to take possession of the pike in our rear.

Our regiment then fell back across the pike to the railroad. Here we received orders from one of Colonel Coburn's aides to move down the pike and check the enemy, if possible, from closing on our rear. The order was given, but before we could reach the point indicated, a portion of the regiment, including the colonel and adjutant, were cut off. The portion that escaped formed line and opened fire upon the enemy, but our force being so small, we were compelled to retire with the cavalry and artillery. The enemy followed us about 2 miles. We arrived at Franklin at 6 p. m.

The One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry Regiment was back on the pike with the teams, and did not come into action.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

E. BLOODGOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Major-General GRANGER.

