
regiment of infantry, with the other four guns of my battery. After advancing about 1 mile, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry commenced. Our skirmishers drove them about 3 miles, to the gap this side of Thompson's Station, where we were opened upon by one of the enemy's batteries, so placed upon the right in our advance as to command the pike. I judged this battery to be composed of 18-pounder guns.

Colonel Coburn ordered me into position on the hill to the left of the pike, with three guns of my battery. I put three guns into position on this hill, under the command of Lieutenant Morgan and Sergeant [A. S.] Bierce, and commenced to play upon the enemy's battery, when these guns were opened upon by a second battery to the right. Colonel Coburn then ordered me to put my other two guns, under the command of Lieutenant [J.] McCafferty, on another hill on the right of the pike. I got these guns into position as soon as possible, and commenced to engage the enemy's battery to our right. In about fifteen minutes after these guns had opened, the enemy opened upon us a third battery of four heavy guns to our left, so as to cross-fire my two batteries, or, rather, my whole battery. The three guns on the left, under the command of Lieutenant Morgan and Sergeant Bierce, were supported by two regiments, I think the Eighty-fifth Indiana and Nineteenth Michigan Regiments, and the two guns on the right, under the command of Lieutenant McCafferty, were supported by two regiments, I think the Thirty-third Indiana and Twenty-second Wisconsin Regiments, and also cavalry.

Under this fire of their artillery I had engaged them about an hour, when I reported to Colonel Coburn that my ammunition would soon be expended, to which he replied, "Hold your position as long as it lasts, and fire slowly, and try and make every shell count." Shortly after this, I heard him order the Thirty-third Indiana Regiment to charge the battery to our right, and in a few moments after the Thirty-third had crossed the fence to our right, I saw the battery which they went to charge retire and noticed, behind a stone fence next to the hill which they occupied, their infantry, or cavalry dismounted, concealed. When the Thirty-third arrived within about 60 yards of this stone fence, those troops which were concealed behind it fired into them, and, greatly outnumbering them, returned the charge and repulsed them, driving them back to my right, where the Twenty-second Wisconsin was in line.

I then discovered that my two guns, under the command of Lieutenant McCafferty, were being charged by two regiments of the enemy coming from behind the church and railroad depot in my front, and I ordered Lieutenant McCafferty to open upon them with canister.

Colonel Jordan then came to me and ordered me to withdraw my guns from the left-that they were being charged by infantry and cavalry-which I did immediately, and moved them into the pike, and then rode back to the guns on the hill on the right, commanded by Lieutenant McCafferty.

Colonel Jordan then ordered me to withdrawn these guns also, and fall back to the hill where we fought the first day, and cover the retreat, and he would send his cavalry to support me, he fearing that we would be flanked by cavalry. When I rode back to the guns on the right, commanded by Lieutenant McCafferty, Colonel Coburn brought a regiment of infantry on my left to support me. They fired but one volley, and fell back in disorder. Colonel Coburn then went to my right again, and I saw him no more. As the two regiments that charged this

