
battery came close, I fired double-shotted canister into their ranks. I did not withdraw these guns until the infantry had all left, and do not think that the charge of the enemy was more than 60 yards from me when I ordered Lieutenant McCafferty to retire. The charge of the enemy on the left almost surrounded him as he came down the hill into the pike.

After all my battery had arrived safely in the pike, in obedience to orders from Colonel Jordan, I was retreating, when some one came to me and told me that Brigadier-General Gillbert was on a hill (pointing it out to me), and desired to see me. I halted by battery and reported to him, and he ordered me on to Franklin, and afterward over the river.

During the first day we met with no loss. The second day our loss was 2 men missing. We had 1 horse killed and 3 wounded, and 1 sergeant's horse and equipments missing.

During both days the officers and men of my command behaved gallantly. The officers dismounted, and were at their guns during the whole time of action.

The conduct of the cavalry, under the command of Colonel Jordan, during the whole time, and particularly the retreat, was unexception able. Had it not been for their repeated efforts to drive back the enemy, neither my battery nor the wagon train could possibly have been saved.

All of the above, general, I most respectfully submit.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. ALESHIRE,

Captain, Commanding Eighteenth Battery, Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Army of Kentucky.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., August 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The statement that the artillery held the ground till after the infantry retired, is unfounded in fact. On the right, the infantry held the very spot covered by the battery two hours after it left the field.

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 16. Report of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.

CHATTANOOGA, March 6, 1863.

GENERAL: Major-General Van Dorn was attacked by the enemy at Thompson's Station yesterday, between Columbia and Franklin. He repulsed them handsomely, taking 2,000 prisoners.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

General S. COOPER.

