
Forrest, taking their battery and baggage train with them, precipitately left the field. General Armstrong came up upon a line with Colonel Whitfield. Two pieces of King's battery were placed upon the hill from which the enemy had been driven before. Forrest and Armstrong, and General Jackson with his entire division, charged in the most gallant manner upon the enemy, who were strongly posted on the hill from which they had formerly repulsed the Texas brigade. After a fierce struggle for the crest of the hill, our troops were again driven down it, and with considerable loss. Here the enemy's successful advance was checked by King's battery, which, with grape and canister, drove them back with great slaughter over the hill.

In this charge fell the lamented Colonel S. G. Earle, while gallantly leading on his men, and who is universally regretted as one of the bravest and best officers of our service. In this charge also fell the loved and gallant [W. T.] Watson, assistant adjutant-general to General Armstrong, in the very front of the battle. At the same time was killed Rev. Mr. [B. T.] Crouch, chaplain in the army, acting aide-de-camp to General Jackson. In him he country lost a brave soldier and a good man. Captain L. E. Hill and Private Robert W. Fennie, of Company A, both of [E. J.] Sanders' battalion, were killed while behaving, in the words of their commander, with the most distinguished bravery.

Once more and for the last time our brave troops, under command of Generals Jackson and Armstrong and Colonel Whitfield, rushed up the now blood-stained eminence which had been so long and obstinately contested, and at this time the enemy retired before them. King's battery was advanced to the top, and opened fire upon their retreating line. General Forrest with two regiments had now gained the enemy's rear and charged them, when, after firing a few volleys, they threw down their arms and surrendered.

I should also state in this connection that General Martin, with one of his brigades (General [G. B.] Cosby's), had just arrived on the field and taken position on the enemy's right flank, preparing for a charge and cutting off their only way of escape, when they surrendered. In the final charge by General Forrest (deciding the fate of the day), Lieutenant-Colonel [E. B.] Trezevant, of [N. N.] Cox's Tennessee regiment; Captain Montgomery Little, of General Forrest's escorts, and Captain [A. A.] Dysart, of the Third Tennessee Regiment, were mortally wounded while gallantly leading their respective commands. This severely contested affairs resulted in the capture of about 1,300 men and officers, with their arms and equipments, two stand of colors, and a loss to the enemy of about 500 killed and wounded. Our own loss was 349 killed, wounded, missing.

I thank Generals Forrest, Martin, Jackson, Armstrong, and Cosby, and Colonel Whitfield, and the officers and men of their commands, for the skill and valor with which they performed their several parts in the action.

I take pleasure in indorsing the honorable mention made by their commanders of Major E. J. Sanders, commanding battalion; Lieutenant Mike Guerin, Company K; Color-bearer John A. Miller, and Private J. M. Day, Company H, all of Sixth Texas Regiment. Captain [D. R.] Gurley, adjutant to Texas brigade, is also mentioned for distinguished conduct, and to the men and officers of King's battery I return my thanks for particular courage displayed under my own observation.

To the officers of my staff-Major M. M. Kimmel and Captain W. C. Schaumburg, assistant adjutants-general; Major Edward Dillon, inspector-general; Captain D. C. Jenkins, assistant inspector-general; Captain

