
H. L. Boone, chief quartermaster; Major R. W. Keyworth, chief commissary; Captain L. C. Leftwich, chief of ordnance, and Lieutenant Clement Sullivane, aide-de-camp-I am indebted for their usual gallantry in battle, as well as for great efficiency in carrying orders, rallying troops, and in observing and reporting movements on the field.

My aide-de-camp (Lieutenant Clement Sullivane) had two horses shot under him-one while rallying troops, another while carrying an order.

I have the honor to inclose herewith a list of the killed, wounded, and missing*, and reports of subordinate officers.

Very respectfully, colonel, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY CORPS,Spring Hill, April 13, 1863.

COLONEL: My report of the action at Thompson's Station, on March 5 last, was forwarded to you this morning. I neglected to mention Lieutenant Colonel L. L. Lomax, inspector-general on my staff, with the rest of my staff. Will you be kind enough to insert it with the others?

I am, very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 68. Tullahoma, March 31, 1863.

The general commanding announces with pride and gratification to the troops of his command two brilliant and successful affairs, recently achieved by the forces of the cavalry of Major-General Van Dorn.

On the 5th instant, Major-General Van Dorn made a gallant charge upon a large force of the enemy at Thompson's Station. He utterly routed them, killing and wounding a large number, capturing 1,221 prisoners, including 73 commissioned officers and many arms.

On the 25th instant, Brigadier-General Forrest, with the troops of his command, daringly assailed the enemy at Brentwood, who could not withstand the vigor and energy of the attack, and surrendered. The results of this successful expedition were the capture of 750 prisoners and 35 commissioned officers, with all the arms, accouterments, and ammunition, and 16 wagons and teams. The troops here captured constituted the remainder of the brigade so successfully attacked by Major-General Van Dorn on the 5th instant.

The skillful manner in which these generals achieved their success exhibits clearly the judgment, discipline, and good conduct of the brave troops of thai commands. Such signal examples of duty the general commanding takes pleasure in commending. They are worthy of imitation by all commanders, and deserve the applause and gratitude of their comrades in arms and their country.

By command of General Bragg:

[GEORGE WM. BRENT.]

---------------

*See p. 119.

---------------

