
was over 500 men, besides nearly all the cattle and other plunder which he had collected from the citizens. Central Kentucky was now free from the enemy, and our line was re-established on the Cumberland River.

When I was ordered to the department, two divisions of the Ninth Corps (Generals Willcox's and Sturgis') were ordered from Newport News to report to me in Cincinnati. The Third (General Getty) was retained un General Dix's department. These troops commenced to arrive at Cincinnati and Louisville early in April, and were ordered to the front as rapidly as possible.

On April 10, General Willcox took command of the Central District, relieving General Gillmore, who had applied for leave of absence. It may be well to mention here that, before the expiration of his leave, General Gillmore was ordered on other duty, thus depriving the department of the services of a valuable officer.

I now ordered the concentration of all the troops as rapidly as possible at London, Somerset, Liberty, and Glasgow; also at Louisa, in the Eastern District, and near Tompkinsville, int he Western. Directions were given to Colonel J. H. Simpson, chief engineer, to fortify points along the railroads, with a view to holding them with a minimum force.

I omitted to mention that Major General H. W. Wright was ordered to the command of the Western District after I relieved him, which command he exercised until near the last of April, after which the command was resumed by General Boyle.

Nothing of importance occurred along the lines during the month of April. Skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry was almost of daily occurrence, but no decisive results followed, except the destruction of the supplies for the enemy at Celina, on the Cumberland.

Soon after I took command, I became very anxious in the contemplation of the great discontent and despondency on the part of many persons occasioned by the disloyal politicians, who at that time were doing so much harm in the Northwest. Letters were being sent into the army for the purpose of creating discontent among the soldiers, news papers were full of treasonable expressions, and large public meetings were held, at which our Government authorities and our gallant soldiers in the field were openly and loudly denounced for their efforts to suppress the rebellion. Our military prisons were full of persons arrested for uttering disloyal sentiments and committing disloyal acts. It became clear to me that this could only be stopped by the punishment of the leading men in these treasonable designs, and I accordingly ordered the arrest of the Honorable C. L. Vallandigham, who was one of the most prominent of that class. The arrest was made on the morning of the 6th of May, at Dayton, Ohio. The history of his trial, conviction, and banishment are so well known as to need no further mention in this report. It is enough to say that the effect throughout department was beneficial, and it was found necessary to make but few other arrests of like character.

Early in May, the troops in Kentucky were, by authority from Washington, organized into the Twenty-third Army Corps, and General George L. Hartsuff was placed in command, and I at once commenced to make dispositions preparatory to moving into East Tennessee. About the same time General White was directed to organize an expedition to move upon the enemy in Western Virginia, by way of Pound Gap.

On the 3rd of June, I left Cincinnati, to take command of the troops in person which were organizing for the purpose of going to East Tennessee. This command wa composed of the two divisions of the Ninth

