
The two regiments, with my escort, numbered about 650 men; balance of effective strength holding horses. They captured from 1,200 to 1,500 Federal officers and privates, with their colors, &amp;c.

No one can regret more than I do the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel Trezevant, commanding Cox's regiment of cavalry, Captain M. Little, of my escort, and Captain [A. A.] Dysart, of the Third Tennessee Cavalry. They were gallant men,and fell with their faces to the foe.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of my whole command. The colonels commanding led their regiments in person, and it affords me much pleasure to say that officers and men performed their duty well. I discerned no straggling or shirking from duty on the field. Every order was promptly obeyed, and the bravery of the troops alike creditable to them and gratifying to their commanders.

I herewith forward you a statement* of my loss, which shows 9 killed, 58 wounded, and 2 missing. I also beg leave to transmit you herewith the reports of regimental commandeers of this action.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 20. Report of Brigadier General William T. Martin, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Spring Hill, March 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade, Brigadier-General Cosby commanding, the only portion of my command engaged in yesterday's engagement:Owing to the condition of the roads, it was impossible for the brigade to reach the field of action before 11.30 a. m. By order of the major-general, I moved the regiments of Colonels [T. G.] Woodward and [R. A.] Pinson to the extreme left of our line. The command of the former was dismounted and moved with Pinson's regiment (mounted) to the attack of the enemy, then massed upon a commanding hill nearly opposite the right of Woodward's regiment. The enemy attempting to avoid the force of General Forrest's attack in rear, by a movement still farther to the left of my line, Pinson's regiment moved in a direction to counteract this effort to escape. The enemy, upon this demonstration, returned to the crest of the hill. I was in the act of charging the hill with the regiments above named and a squadron of [P. B.] Starke's regiment, under Captain [C. B.] Buckner, when a courier informed me that the enemy had surrendered. The regiments of Starke and [J. G.] Ballentine were held in reserve by me, in obedience to General [Earl] Van Dorn's order to support the Texas Brigade.

The loss of the brigade is 3 wounded slightly, 2 in Starke's regiment and 1 in Pinson's. Arms captured, 81 rifles and 10 cartridge-boxes. Prisoner's captured, 25.

I take pleasure in calling attention to the activity and gallantry of General Cosby during the engagement, as well as the general good con-

---------------

*The colors of the Nineteenth Michigan were captured by Captain J. M. Reynolds, of Biffle's regiment.

---------------

+Embodied in Numbers 18, p. 119.

