
duct of the officers and men of the brigade. I am under obligations to all the members of my staff for the prompt and fearless manner in which they bore my orders while under fire.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

Major M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Columbia, Tenn., March 10, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the operations of the Second Division of Cavalry in the engagement of March 5, near Spring Hill, Tenn.:Pursuant to instructions received from the major-general commanding, my division, composed of the brigades commanded by Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong and Colonel J. W. Whitfield, respectively, occupied the center of our line of battle-First Brigade (General Armstrong) posted on the right of the Franklin turnpike; Second Brigade (Colonel Whitfield) on the left. On the approach the enemy at 10 a. m. on the 5th instant, my command was placed in position, dismounted. Receiving orders from the major-general, I advanced the Second Brigade, and took position behind a stone fence, 400 yards in front of the first line, and there awaited the advance of the enemy. Captain [H.] King's battery, attached to my division, had already opened fire, and the enemy's guns were replying when the enemy commenced advancing his whole force against my left (Second Brigade), which was soon re-enforced by the Third Arkansas Regiment, of the First Brigade. The enemy advanced to within a few hundred yards of my position when the command opened fire, and, upon receiving orders to charge them, did so in gallant sylte, the enemy retiring in confusion behind a hill in front of our position. The Second Brigade charged to the top of this hill; the enemy, rising, gave them a murderous fire and forced them back. The Second Brigade, assisted by the Third Arkansas Regiment, of the First Brigade, charged this hill twice and was twice repulsed, and upon the third attempt, assisted by the First Brigade, succeeded in carrying it.

At the time of the second advance of the Second Brigade, the First Brigade (General Armstrong) was mounted and advanced to a position upon the right of the Federal stronghold, where it was dismounted, and, upon receiving orders, gallantly charge, turning the enemy's left flank, and assisted materially in forcing him back from his strong position to another hill, where he surrendered. At the same time of the advance of the First Brigade, I ordered King's battery to move up the Franklin turnpike to a point near the enemy's position. The order was promptly obeyed, and upon reaching the designated spot opened fire upon the enemy with great effect.

Many thanks are due Brigadier-General Armstrong and Colonel Whitfield for the cheerful manner and alacrity shown by them in executing all orders given them, and for the superior manner in which they handled

