
their brigades. Also much praise is due the officers and men of their respective commands for the heroic courage they exhibited during this sanguinary conflict.

I desire to call special attention to the officers and men of King's battery, both for the call daring shown by them and the admirable manner in which their guns were served.

And while I attempt to do justice to the chivalrous officers and men of my division, I turn with sorrow to mention "the unreturned brave." The noble Colonel S. G. Earle, of the Third Arkansas, who was beloved by all who knew him, while bravely leading on his men, fell during the second charge, and before the victorious shouts of our troops announced the triumph of our arms. Also the Rev., B. T. Crouch, of Mississippi, my acting aide-de-camp, was killed about the same time. He fell while bravely riding along the line, giving an order to the Second Brigade to charge. Many others highly deserving of mention fell, martyrs to the cause of the South, and attention is respectfully directed to the list of casualties and reports of brigade and regimental commanders to particularize the heroes who fell on this field of strife; also to show the bravery and determination of the troops of my division engaged in this struggle.

My thanks are cheerfully given to the members of my staff for the rapid and fearless manner in which they carried my orders to every part of the field.

Respectfully submitted.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

Major M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel J. W. Whitfield, Texas Legion, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE,March 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Texas Brigade during the action of the 5th instant:About 10 a. m. on the morning of the 5th, I drew up my command on foot in the position assigned me, my right resting east of the turnpike, and the left extending along the crest of the hills just in front of my encampment. This accomplished, I was directed to send a portion of my command to the rock fence near Thompson's Station, and immediately ordered the Ninth Texas (Lieutenant-Colonel [D. W.] Jones commanding) to the position indicted. Whitfield Legion (Lieutenant-Colonel [John H.] Broocks commanding), and the Third Texas, under the command of Major [A. B.] Stone, were very soon after moved forward to the same fence and posted, respectively, to the right and left of the position occupied by the Ninth Texas. Thus prepared, we waited calmly the approach of the enemy, already discovered to be advancing through a corn-field in the direction of Thompson's Station.

In the mean time the Sixth Texas (Colonel [L. S.] Ross) having been ordered from its position on the right over to the support of the left, was placed in position along the railroad to the left and in advance of

