
the position occupied by the rest of my command. Colonel [S. G.] Earle's regiment (the Third Arkansas, of General Armstrong's brigade) also arriving about this time, was assigned the position immediately to the right of Colonel Ross. Thus re-enforced, I deemed it advisable to drive the enemy from the position he had now gained in the little village known as Thompson's Station, immediately in our front, and to this end moved my entire command to the charge. With a shout, men and officers all rushed to the encounter, and in a moment the foe was driven from the houses in and behind which he had sought shelter, and compelled in the wildest confusion to seek refuge behind a hill half a mile to this rear; and here was the scene of the desperate struggle of the day. We charged the hill twice, and each time, after gaining its summit, were forced back by superior numbers having greatly the advantage in position, but in neither instance did my brave men retire until pressed back by the enemy's bayonets, and then only because of not having weapons of the same kind with which to meet them. The third effort, however, was successful, and we took possession of the hill, the enemy being driven to another still beyond, and the same occupied by him at the time of his surrender.

Many of my bravest officers and men were lost, as shown by the reports of regimental commanders, herewith transmitted.

Colonel Earle, of the Third Arkansas, one of the bravest and best officers it has ever been my good fortune to command on the battle-field, was killed in front of his command on the hill where occurred the fiercest fighting of the day. He was shot through the head during the second charge made by my command.

It is difficult to distinguish conspicuous gallantry when all were so brave. Officers and men all nobly did their duty, and not mine alone, but the country's gratitude is due them for their efficiency and valor.

I cannot close this report without tendering my sincere thanks to Captain D. R. Gurley, my assistant adjutant-general, for his distinguished bravery and the valuable aid rendered me on the day of the battle, and I especially recommend him to the favorable consideration of the commanding general. The rest of my staff also have mine, and are deserving of the thanks of the country for the promptness and courage displayed by them in bearing my orders, regardless of personal danger.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. W. WHITFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Texas Brigade.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. W. Jones, Ninth Texas Cavalry.

CAMP TWO MILES FROM SPRING HILL, TENN.,

On Franklin Road, March 7, 1863.

COLONEL: About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 5th instant, in obedience to orders, I formed my regiment in line of battle, and ordered the men to dismount, leaving the horses in charge of the unarmed men. I moved up and formed on the left of our brigade, which was forming on foot near the top of the hill in front of our encampment. As I was moving up, I was called upon to send two companies to the front as skir-

