
mishers. Companies A and H, commanded by Captain Thomas G. Berry and Lieutenant S. A. Griffith, respectively, were ordered out and posted some 250 yards in front of the regiment.

About 9 o'clock I received orders to move my regiment and the position behind a stone fence running north and south some 200 yards from the railroad. I moved up directly behind a church which stood near the fence, and ordered the men to file off one at a time and take their positions, causing them to stoop down when they left the church to avoid being seen by the enemy's skirmishers, who were then visible in front. I threw our skirmishers in front, and let them remain there until two Federal regiments came down and drove them in.

In the mean time one of our guns, which had been planted near my left, opened fire upon the enemy, which caused several shot and shell to be thrown by them near my line, but without doing and damage. The Federals formed a line of battle behind the depot and other houses, and remained thee a short time, when they attempted to cross the railroad. When they were close enough to be within range of our guns, I ordered my men to fire upon them. They fell back in disorder, and again formed behind the houses. I soon after received orders when the regimen on my left charged to charge with them. When they commenced the charge I ordered my regiment forward and joined them. Captain Berry and Lieutenant Griffith, seeing the regiment advancing, moved forward and joined it. With other regiments of the brigade, I crossed the railroad, advanced through a field, and approached the top of the hill, where we found the enemy strongly re-enforced, and were forced to fall back. We fell back as far as the railroad, reformed the regiment, and advanced up the hill again. Finding the Federals posted as before, we were again forced to retire in tolerably good orders. We halted in rear of one of our batteries, and remained there until the announcement of the surrender of the enemy.

Respectfully submitted.

D. W. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninth Texas Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN W. WHITFIELD,

Commanding Brigade.

MARCH 4, 1863.-Skirmish at Unionville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel William F. Tucker, Forty-first Mississippi Infantry, commanding Chalmer's Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' BRIGADE,On Triune Pike, March 5, 1863.

MAJOR: A few minutes after 3 p. m. on yesterday I received a note from Colonel [A. A.] Russell, commanding cavalry outpost (which I forwarded to you at once), informing me that the enemy were advancing in force on this and other roads, and asking that I would send forward a force of infantry and artillery to his support, and had barely time afterward to issue orders preparatory to a forward movement with my whole command, when a large number of Russell's cavalry dashed into my camp, closely pursued by the enemy's cavalry, who followed then to our picket lines with a force of about 50 men. So close was the pursuit that when they reached our lines the two parties were mingled together. One man

