
12 wagons, and the camp and garrison equipage; also a large number of guns. He succeeded in carrying off all that was valuable, and burned the balance.

The Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry charged with the saber splendidly; they had no casualties. I advanced my division to within 3 miles of Rover while this was being done, then turned on an obscure road parallel to the Eagleville and Shelbyville pike, and a short distance from it, directing him to encamp at Eagleville to-night. Should they follow him, I will swing in on their rear. I also left one brigade at Versailles, to threaten Rover and watch the Middleton road. I heard some artillery firing in the direction of Triune to-day. I think Chapel Hill the point where the enemy have their strongest cavalry force. Minty captured 6 infantry pickets. The prisoners captured and wounded have all saber wounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General McCook,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps, Dept. of the Cumberland.

CAMP TWO AND ONE-HALF MILES FROM EAGLEVILLE,

March 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a note just received from Colonel Minty, which makes his success still greater than heretofore reported to you. I am in camp about 1 1/2 miles from him. He was not aware when he wrote the note that I was so near at hand. I will join him at Eagleville to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock.

I have not learned anything of General Steedman. If the artillery firing which I heard to-day was his, I may probably do some injury to the force which is resisting him. I have ordered the brigade which I left at Versailles to join me at Eagleville to-morrow morning at daybreak.

Your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Eagleville, March 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I am in receipt of a dispatch from the general commanding, dated this evening.

General Steedman drove the enemy from Chapel Hill to-day. I am sorry he did not open communication with me before he went on, as I could have thrown a brigade and the cavalry to Godionville, and intercepted the force he was driving, said to be 2,500 men (cavalry). I have directed General Steedman to take position at Triune at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, and will myself take position at the junction of the Chapel Hill pike and this pike (about 4 miles south of Triune). I can thus operate in the direction of Franklin, or in this direction, and be entirely secure if any infantry advance was made on me. This is a strong place, but there is no particular reason that it should be held.

