
I cannot make anything by a second dash on Rover at present, but can threaten the enemy in their attack on Franklin, which it is said they intend to make.

From all I can learn, no troops have left Shelbyville for Tullahoma. Colonel Long was sent out to-day, as soon as I found from the scouts what had become of Steedman. Long was too late to intercept the enemy.

The enemy have again occupied Rover, in strong force, infantry, it is said.

Perhaps it is safest to send communications to me by Franklin road, via Triune.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 4. Reports of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

EAGLEVILLE, TENN., March 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I met the enemy, about 400 strong, at Rover, and tried to cut off their retreat to Unionville; but finding that they were falling back, I ordered the Seventh Pennsylvania to charge, and supported them with the Fourth Michigan and Fourth [U. S.] Cavalry. We drove them at a gallop through Unionville. Part of the Seventh Pennsylvania penetrated to the infantry pickets, 6 miles from Shelbyville, capturing 4 infantrymen.

At Unionville I found another camp with about 400 men. These were driven in the same manner. I have captured 52 prisoners, with horses, arms, &amp;c., 17 wagons, 1 ambulance, 42 mules, &c. Five of the wagons I had to leave; the other 12 I have here, loaded with tents, provisions, &c. I sent an orderly to you from Unionville, but I fear he has been captured.

Riley [?], Starnes, and Roddey are reported to be within a short march of here, on the Chapel Hill road. I fully expected to find you here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

General P. H. SHERIDAN.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near Murfreesborough, March 14, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 4th instant, I reported to General Sheridan, on the Salem pike, with 863 men, being parts of the First Second, and Third Cavalry Brigades, two companies of the Fourth Regular Cavalry, and Lieutenant Newell's section of artillery.

The general ordered me to drive the enemy out of Rover. A mile and a half from that place I met their pickets, and drove them in sharply. At Rover I found about 400 men, who appeared determined to make a

9 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

