
stand. I detached the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, with orders to gain the [Shelbyville] pike, between them and Unionville. The enemy, perceiving my design, commenced a retreat. I followed closely with the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth U. S. Cavalry, and, finding that the Fourth Michigan had failed in cutting them off, I gave the order to draw sabers and charge.

At Unionville I found a regular camp, and about 600 rebel cavalry, whom we drove before us at a gallop to within 5 miles of Shelbyville, where we ran into the infantry pickets, 5 of whom were captured.

The Seventh Pennsylvania had the good fortune to be in the advance, and were the only men engaged, with the exception of a few of the Fourth Michigan. We captured 51 prisoners (13 of whom were severely wounded, having received saber cuts about their heads), 17 wagons, 42 mules, 31 Sibley tent, 2 wagon-loads of bacon, meal, &amp;c. Our only casualty was 1 man of the Seventh Pennsylvania slightly wounded in the foot.

I fell back to Eagleville, taking the captured property with me, and was there joined by General Sheridan next morning.

March 5, heavy firing was heard south of Franklin all day. I sent Colonel Long, with the Third Ohio and Seventh Pennsylvania, toward Chapel Hill, to open communication with General Steedman, and smaller scouts in various directions, to gain information of the whereabouts of the enemy.

March 6, moved to within a few miles of Triune.

March 7, marched toward Unionville for the purpose of feeling the enemy. When 4 miles beyond Eagleville, I received orders from General Sheridan to return to Triune forthwith. On my arrival there, the general ordered me to proceed to Franklin, without unnecessary delay. I camped within 9 miles of Franklin same night.

March 8, marched to Franklin and reported to Major General Gordon Granger.

March 9, under orders from General Granger, marched at daybreak on Carter Creek pike, to make a circuit through the country and form a junction with General Green Clay Smith, at Thompson's Station, he having marched for that place the previous night. Six miles out I met the enemy's pickets, which were rapidly driven by the Fourth Cavalry.

A mile and a half from Thompson's Station I found a force of about 600 rebel cavalry (Armstrong's brigade) in position. My column was at this time very much scattered by a rapid march over a bad dirt road. After some delay in forming my men, I advanced toward the enemy, who declined fight by retreating rapidly. They were closely pressed by the Fourth Cavalry, to whose support I sent a part of the Seventh Pennsylvania. At Thompson's Station the rebels (Twenty-eighth Mississippi or Third [Fourth] Mississippi Cavalry) were re-enforced by Starnes' regiment (Third [Fourth] Tennessee Cavalry); but, after a short and sharp skirmish, the whole brigade (Armstrong's) was driven from the field by two companies of the Fourth Cavalry and about 50 men of the Seventh Pennsylvania, with a loss of 5 killed and 13 taken prisoners; but I regret to say that 3 gallant fellows of the Fourth Cavalry were killed and 1 wounded.

I sent a courier to General Smith, who was about 3 miles from Thompson's Station toward Franklin, and awaited his arrival. Camped at Spring Hill shortly before dark.

March 10, about 9 a. m., advanced toward Columbia. Found General Smith's command halted about 1 mile north of Rutherford Creek, the bridge over which had been destroyed. Was ordered by General Sheri-

