
dan to try if the ford 1 1/2 miles above was practicable. Found the water very deep and rapid. While making the examination we were under fire of a rebel force posted behind stone walls, close to the bank of the creek. The Fourth Indiana had 2 men killed and 3 severely wounded. Camped at Moore's Ford, 1 mile higher up the creek.

March 11, General Forrest, with 500 men, advanced to the opposite side of the creek, when a sharp fire was opened on him by the Fourth Michigan, causing him some loss.

Having about this time received orders to cross the creek, if I found the ford practicable, Lieutenant Newell opened on them with his guns, and soon drove them to the woods. I then crossed the creek the Fourth Michigan in advance. As I formed on the south bank, the enemy appeared in line in the distance, and, dismounting, advanced on foot, with their battle-flag flying. I sent the Fourth Michigan to the right, and requested General Smith, who was now crossing his force, to send a regiment to the left, for the purpose of getting in the enemy's rear. Perceiving our object, they remounted and fell back. I pursued them about 5 miles in the direction of the Lewisburg pike, and then marched for the Columbia pike, followed by General Smith. When 1 1/2 miles from Columbia, I halted, it being now after dark, and sent Colonel Long, with the Third Ohio, to feel for the enemy's pickets. He arrived at Duck River without having met them, and there found that the entire force of Van Dorn's army had crossed during the day on a pontoon bridge and by the ferry-boat. I returned to our camp of the previous night.

March 12, returned to Franklin.

March 13, camped 2 miles west of Triune.

March 14, returned to Murfreesborough, arriving in camp at 3.30 p. m. I must call the attention of the general commanding to the gallant manner in which Captain [C. C.] Davis, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, led the charge of his regiment on the 4th instant. He was well supported by both officers and men.

I have also to call the attention of the general commanding to the great gallantry displayed by Lieutenants [E. G.] Roys and [J.] Rendlebrock, of the Fourth Cavalry, and their brave men at Thompson's Station on the 8th instant. Inclosed herewith I hand you return of casualties.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Return of Casualties in cavalry expedition to Unionville and Columbia, March 4-13, 1863.

Command	 Enlisted men	 Enlisted men	 Aggregate

 killed	 wounded

4th Indiana	 2	 3	 5

7th Pennsylvania	 ............ 	 1	 1

4th United States	 3	 1	 4

Total	 5	 5	 10

