
position on the opposite side of the stream. The Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, by order of the colonel commanding, was dismounted and ordered to dislodge the enemy at the upper ford. I proceeded with my command to a point within 600 or 700 yards of the ford. I divided my command into three parts. I sent one-third, under Lieutenant [N.] Brewster, to the right of the road; one-third, under Captain [J. B.] Luckey, to the left, and the remaining one-third I placed under command of Lieutenant [E. A.] Haines near the road, under protection of a fence and a piece of woods, to cover the retreat of the right and left flanks in case a retreat should be necessary. I then ordered both flanks to advance cautiously, taking advantage of any natural cover that might be presented them.

On arriving within 100 yards of the ford, my right and left flanks were greeted with a brisk fire from the enemy, posted strongly on the opposite side of the stream, but the brave men of the Third did not falter, but returned the fire with energy and spirit, and finally drove him from his position and gained complete possession of the ford. Finding the ford impracticable, we returned and report accordingly.

On learning that the enemy had been forced from his position, we were ordered to seek a more practicable fording, which we found a short distance below, and, crossing over, we consolidated with the remounted cavalry under General Granger's command, numbering about 3,500, and, being placed in the advance, we marched toward Columbia over a dirt road leading from our place of fording to the Colubmia pike. After reaching the pike, one company, under command of Sergeant [James M.] Hipkins, was sent to ascertain the practicability of fording Spring Creek in our rear, at the pike crossing, which he reported practicable.

When within 1 1/2 miles of Columbia the main column was halted, and the Third Ohio was ordered to proceed cautiously forward under cover of nightfall and ascertain, if possible, whether the enemy still remained in force this side of Duck River. We found the enemy had withdrawn his whole force across Duck River, taking the ferry-boats and his pontoons with him, and had planted has artillery on the opposite side of the stream. After waiting in silence to discover, if possible, any movements the enemy might be making, and finding all within his camp quiet, we returned and joined the main column. We then led, in the advance of the column, in countermarch to a point this side of Spring Creek, where we went into camp about midnight.

At dawn on the following day we took up line of march for Franklin, where we arrived at 2 p. m., and encamped for the night, and prepared ourselves with rations for [a march] to Camp Stanley.

On the morning of the 13th, we left camp and marched to a point within 2 miles of Triune, a distance of about 11 miles, and again encamped for the night.

We resumed our march next morning before daylight, taking in our course the Nashville and Shelbyville turnpike until we reaching Eagleville, when we turned to the left, following a dirt road until we reached the Salem and Eagleville pike, leading to Murfreesborough.

We arrived at Camp Stanley about 4 p. m. on the 14th instant, without any casualties or disasters of any character.

I am proud to say that the officers and men of the Third bravely and heroically endured the toils, fatigues, and dangers of the expedition without the least murmur or complaint.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. M. FLANAGAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant HEFLEBOWER, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

