
Numbers 6. Report of Major Peter Mathews, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Stanley, Tenn., March 16, 1863.

SIR: On the evening of March 3, I received orders from Colonel Long to have the Fourth Regiment in readiness to move at daylight on the 4th instant.

Early on the 4th, Colonel Long assumed command of the Second Cavalry Brigade, and I took command of the regiment. In the afternoon we took part in the skirmish at Unionville, and, after leaving that place, encamped at Ealgeville for the night.

During the 5th, parts of the regiment, under command of Captain [M. B.] Chamberlain and Lieutenant [J. A.] Harris, were sent out to reconnoiter.

On the 6th, moved to Eagleville, but, receiving orders, countermarched in the direction of Franklin.

On the afternoon of the 8th, we reached Franklin and encamped.

Left Franklin at daylight on the 9th, marching on a mud road to the Franklin and Columbia pike. For some time before reaching the junction the cavalry were driving the enemy's pickets before them, and when we arrived at Thompson's Station, near the junction of the roads, part of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry had a severe skirmish, losing 3 men killed and several badly wounded. The enemy was dislodged by them, and we pushed on, encamping at Spring Hill for the night. In the morning we marched to Rutherford Creek, which was found to be impassable, on account of high stage of water. In the afternoon the Second Brigade was sent to reconnoiter a ford on the creek, and the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, being in advance, were fired upon from behind a stone wall and 2 of their number killed.

On the afternoon of the 11th, we crossed the creek, and, after skirmishing the ground in front, moved to the turnpike and toward Columbia, and kept moving in that direction until ordered to countermarch.

The next day we arrived at Franklin and encamped for the night.

On the 13th, we marched to within 1 mile of Triune, and on the 14th reached camp, passing through Eagleville, having been absent eleven days.

As my command only formed part of the brigade, I cannot particularize. There were no casualties in the regiment during the trip, and men and horses returned in good condition.

The above statement I respectfully submit as my report.

Respectfully, yours,

P. MATHEWS,

Major Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant HEFLEBOWER, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Cav. Brigadier

Numbers 7. Itinerary of the cavalry Department of the Cumberland, Major General Davind S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding, March 4-25.*

FIRST BRIGADE.

March 4, moved toward Rover, 863 strong, with about 300 men of the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan. Attacked and drove

---------------

*From "Record of Events," on returns for month of March, 1863.

---------------

