
the enemy, 400 strong. Followed them up closely to Unionville, 3 miles south, where we found an encampment of 600 more. The Seventh Pennsylvania charged them with the saber, and followed them to within 5 miles of Shelbyville, where they ran into the infantry pickets and captured 9. We captured the entire camp, camp equipage, and transportation of [A. A.] Russell's brigade (First and Fourth Alabama), together with 52 prisoners. Loss, 1 man slightly wounded.

March 9, advanced from Franklin via Carter Creek pike. Lieutenants Roys' and Rendlebrock's company, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, in the advance, drove the Third [Fourth] Mississippi Cavalry to Thompson's Station, where they were re-enforced by Starnes' regiment, Third [Fourth] Tennessee, all under General Armstrong. Attacked them with two companies Fourth U. S. Cavalry and 60 men Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. Drove them with a loss of 5 killed and 13 taken prisoners. Our loss, 3 killed and 1 wounded.

March 10, in examining a ford on Rutherford Creek, was fired upon from and ambuscade across the creek, killing 2 and wounding 3 of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

March 11, crossed Rugherford Creek at Moore's Ford in the face of Forrest's forces, under Forrest in person, driving him from the field. Followed Van Dorn to Columbia. Found that he had crossed Duck River and destroyed the bridge.

March 20, proceeded to Milton, to assist Colonel Hall, One hundred and fifth Ohio, whose brigade was surrounded by Morgan's forces. Followed the rebels to Prosperity Church, taking 2 prisoners.

During the month picketed the Manchester, Wartrace, and Bradyville roads, and latterly the Shelbyville and Middletown, the enemy constantly skirmishing with the pickets.

SECOND BRIGADE.

March 4, the brigade (two regiments) went scouting to Franklin, Rover, &amp;c. Had various encounters with rebel cavalry, routing their forces each time.

March 14, Saturday, returned to camp after an absence of eleven days.

March 17, review of all the cavalry in the department by Major-General Rosecrans.

March 26, the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry sent out to Bradyville on reconnaissance; returned the following morning.

THIRD BRIGADE.

March 22, engaged in a skirmish with the enemy, repulsing them. Our loss, 2 privates killed and 2 wounded.

During the month of March the brigade had done heavy work. Made a scout to Rutherford Creek during the first of the month. Loss, 7 men killed, wounded, and prisoners. Scouted all the month.

March 25, had a hard and bloody fight with Forrest, Starnes, Wharton, and Biffle.

During the month the brigade has captured over 100 prisoners, killed and wounded not less than from 400 to 600 rebels, and captured near 150 mules and horses. Have lost about 50 killed, wounded, and prisoners. Health of the brigade excellent.

