
MARCH 6-7, 1863.-Reconnaissance from Murfreesborough, including skirmishes near Christian and at Middleton, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Fielder A. Jones, Thirty-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Hans C. Heg. Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 4.-R. R. Gaines, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Hagan's Cavalry Brigade (Confederate).

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,March 6, 1863.

GENERAL: Agreeably to telegraphic orders, I have sent out two brigades. The First Brigade of my division, under Colonel Jones, to go to Middleton, via the old Nashville and Shelbyville dirt road; the other brigade, from General Davis' division, under Colonel Heg, moves down on the pike within supporting distance of Colonel Jones. I ordered Jones to reaming in the neighborhood of Middleton until sent for, and to communicate with General Sheridan. Colonel Heg remains out under like orders. Both are instructed to communicate with me frequently, and report their respective operations. If my minute instructions are followed out, we will surely pick up a number of rebel cavalry.

I have called on General Stanley for a regiment of cavalry for duty with these two brigades. Your dispatch last evening, for General Sheridan, was received at 10.45 and forwarded at 11.15, by a squad of cavalry (10). With the regiment called for furnished, I will keep up a communication between Sheridan, Jones, and Heg. I sent a courier to General Sheridan this morning, informing him of the movements of my troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp Still, March 6, 1863-8 p. m.

MAJOR: From information received from Colonel Jones, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, I have the honor to report that we met the enemy, about 600 strong, composed of the Eighth Confederate and First and Second Alabama, about 3 miles north of Middleton, and drove them 2 miles beyond, meeting with considerable resistance at two or three points. Casualties of the enemy, as near as can be ascertained, were 5 killed and several wounded-number not known. Our loss, none killed, 5 wounded. Not deeming the position a good one, Colonel Jones fell back about 1 mile north of Middleton, on the Shelbyville dirt road, and went into camp for the night, where he was joined by a squadron

