
MARCH 8-12, 1863.-Expedition from Franklin to Columbia, Tenn., including skirmishes at Thompson's Station (9th) and Rutherford Creek (10th and 11th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General G. Clay Smith, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Spring Hill, March 9, 1863.

The rebels have scattered, most of them, in the direction of Nolensville and Chapel Hill pike. Our cavalry and Minty's made a dash on Thompson's Station, killing 4 and wounding 3. Shall I advance on to Columbia or return to look after Triune?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

General ROSECRANS.

RUTHERFORD'S CROSSING,

March 11, 1863.

GENERAL: Succeeded in driving the enemy from one of the fords several miles above, after a sharp skirmish, and am now crossing the cavalry to turn their right flank. Creek still to high to cross wither infantry or artillery. I fear most of Van Dorn's forces crossed Duck River last night; if so, I shall move back to Franklin to-morrow. Have heard nothing of rebel forces in the direction of Raleigh or Chapel Hill. The ground is so miry it is impossible to move artillery, except on the pike. Our men and animals suffered much from the terrible storm of yesterday and last night. Van Dorn greatly overestimates the strength of my force.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General G. Clay Smith, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY BRIGADE,Franklin, Tenn., March 19, 1863.

I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fourth Cavalry Brigade in the late expedition to Columbia.

On Sunday, the 8th instant, General Granger ordered me to take a portion of my force and move on the Columbia pike, and send a column on the Lewisburg road. The Second Michigan, Major Dickey commanding; Ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel Jordan commanding, and Seventh Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Faulkner commanding, were with me; total force, 750 men. The Sixth and Fourth Kentucky, under Colonel Watkins, moved on the Lewisburg pike.

At about 3 1/2 miles from Franklin both parties encountered the pickets

