
of the enemy. Colonel Watkins met with considerable opposition for 9 miles, when he was brought to a halt by the presence of a large force, on Monday afternoon, under Van Dorn, with artillery. He fell back, after a brisk skirmish, half or three-quarters of a mile; at the same time the enemy withdrew and moved toward Thompson's Station. On the same day about 1,000 rebels, with three pieces of artillery, appeared before me 1 mile north of Thompson's Station, where a heavy and spirited skirmish took place, in which the Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania acted with great coolness, bravery, and promptness. The enemy were driven back, and about 800 of them moving to my right and toward my rear, compelled me to throw half of my force back and to their front, when the enemy were again repulsed. The entire number then fell back to Thompson's Station, and, I presume, the cause of no further resistance on their part was partly owing to the presence of Colonel Minty, with his column and artillery, close to the station and moving toward their rear. Unfortunately I was not aware of the whereabouts of Colonel Minty until he had entered the station, were he made a dash, as he told me, on about 300 or 400, losing 2 of his men killed and 2 mortally wounded.

From the station I proceeded to Spring Hill, where the rebels were again driven out, Van Dorn, Forrest, and Starnes having left some three hours before with the greater portion of their commands. Colonel Minty came up pretty soon. General Granger also came up with his command.

On the 10th, I proceeded to Rugherford Creek, driving about 400 rebel cavalry across the creek, which was high, rapid, and swelling; bridges all destroyed. Quite a lively skirmish was kept up for an hour or two along the creek by the sharpshooters of the rebels on the south side of the creek, and the Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania on the north. They displayed their artillery on the opposite hills from me, and seemed determined to resist any farther progress of our forces. I informed General Granger, who came up very soon with his forces, General Sheridan, and Colonel Minty.

On the morning of the 11th, Colonel Minty and myself were directed to cross Rutherford Creek and feel the enemy on the right. Colonel Minty, having two pieces of artillery with him, shelled a number of skirmishers and sharpshooters from a house and cotton-gin opposite the ford we intended to cross. After they were driven away and the crossing watched by some infantry, we crossed the creek without any resistance, Colonel Minty in front some 600 yards beyond, and on the side of the hill about 500 or 600 yards from the rebels. Colonel Minty formed his men in line of battle, ready for a charge. I deployed the Seventh Kentucky on the left and the Second Michigan on the right, and dismounted the Ninth Pennsylvania. The Sixth and Fourth Kentucky were formed in line on the left of Colonel Minty, but the opportunity did not present itself for a charge, as the Seventh Kentucky, under Colonel Faulkner, and the Second Michigan, under Major Dickey, drove the enemy entirely away, and followed them about 1 1/2 miles. From this place, after feeding, we proceeded to the Columbia pike, and after going toward Columbia about 1 1/2 or 2 miles, Colonel Minty sent forward a portion of his men, who shortly returned with the news, "Nothing in front." The entire command returned across the creek and the next day to Franklin, the Fourth Brigade passing from Spring Hill over to the Lewisburg pike, and scouring the country some 15 or 20 miles.

My command lost 1 private killed and 4 wounded, slightly. The enemy, at the station, lost 2 killed and 5 wounded; at Spring Hill, 1

