
wounded. Several were said to be killed and wounded at Rutherford Creek. Twenty prisoners were taken, and 25 or 30 horses and mules.

I call your attention, with great pleasure, to the coolness, firmness, and promptness with which every officer obeyed my orders, and the bravery of the men in advancing steadily on the picked and daring sharpshooters of the rebels. They were driven every time from their hiding-places-trees, stones, fences, and houses-by our men, and but for their intimate knowledge of the country would at all times all a prey to the eagerness and courage of men who have forgotten what fear is. Colonel Watkins displayed great courage and kill in his movements on the Lewisburg pike before twice his number, and only joined me by order on the night of the 10th at rutherford Creek.

You must permit me to say I would have been much more successful, and the result much greater, if I had been blessed with some artillery. Nothing is more unpleasant to me than to be shot at half or three-quarters of a mile with a 6 or 12 pounder shell and only be able to respond with a rifle, thereby requiring two or three hours to do what probably might be done in less than half the time if I could return shell for shell. What Colonel Minty did at Rutherford Creek in a short time and with safety to his men would have required much time, and probably several lives, on my part.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. CLAY SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain SINCLAIR, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 9, 1863.-Skirmish at Hazle Green, Ky.

Report of Major General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

CINCINNATI, March 14, 1863.

COLONEL: Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore, commanding District of Central Kentucky, in a report just received, states that a portion of Cluke's force, which recently entered Kentucky, was attacked on the 9th instant at Hazle Green by a detachment of the Forty-fought Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which he had ordered out from Richmond, and that 25 of the rebels and number of horses and arms were captured without any loss on our side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

MARCH 9-14, 1863.-Reconnaissance from Salem to Versailles, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,March 16, 1863.

COLONEL: The following detailed report will show the movements of this division, under orders from the general commanding corps, since

