
MARCH 19, 1863.-Skirmish at Richland Station, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Army, commanding at Gallatin, Tenn.

Numbers 2.-Colonel George P. Smith, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Henry M. Judah, U. S. Army, commanding at Bowling Green, Ky.

Numbers 4.-Major Isaac R. Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Army, commanding at Gallatin, Tenn.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Gallatin, Tenn., March 25, 1863.

GENERAL: Herewith I send you the official report of Colonel Smith upon the railroad attack, on the afternoon of the 19th instant.

I wish to add that Colonel Smith and his regiment have been of invaluable service to me in hunting down the outlaws who infest the northern part of this county.

I have just received a dispatch asking why I did not report the occurrence to headquarters. Within ten minutes from my receipt of Colonel Smith's dispatch, I sent one to headquarters.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[General ROSECRANS.]

GALLATIN, March 25, 1863.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day is received. Within ten minutes from the time that I received the dispatch from Colonel Smith informing me of the attack, I sent the following:

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Murfreesborough:

GENERAL: A guerrilla band ran the passenger down train from Louisville off the track in Richland woods, about 16 miles from there, this evening. Colonel Smith sent some infantry; killed 1, wounded 3, and took 4 prisoners. I think they will get the train through to-night. Our loss, none. I shall go up as soon as we can get a locomotive.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

General, the above dispatch was sent to General Garfield that night and the next day I made a written report to General Garfield upon the matter, referring to my dispatch the evening before.

General, I never sent a dispatch or communication to a newspaper, except a few lines to a Chicago paper on the capture of Fort Donelson. I do not know what was in the Louisville Journal.

E. A. PAINE,

General.

General ROSECRANS.

