
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel George P. Smith, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 129TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,South Tunnel, Tenn., March 24, 1863.

DEAR GENERAL: As the finale of the rebel raid upon the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, of the 19th instant, near Richland Station (of which I apprised you by telegram of that date), I beg leave to report that the rebels were completely routed and driven from the ground in great disorder. We recaptured moth of the mail, express goods, of which there was a large quantity, and $9,000 in money, which was taken from the train. We also captured 16 guns (Springfield rifle), and should have got a good many more, but whilst my men were pursuing the enemy, a force arrived at the scene of action on a train of cars from Bowling Green, Ky., who picked up the guns which the rebels had thrown away in their flight. Twenty-eight horses and 4 prisoners were captured. One rebel killed. In the retreat, as admitted by the rebels, 18 were wounded, some slightly, others more seriously. One of the prisoners, who was shot through the knee, was peremptorily taken from the corporal who had him in charge, by a medical officer, who claimed to be height in authority, and who, as he said, was going to Louisville.

General, it is but just to say of Companies A and K of my command, who are stationed at the stockade, 1 1/2 miles from where the train was thrown from the track that they made the distance and were firing against the marauders within twelve minutes from the time they heard the crash and firing upon the cars.

Company A was commanded by Lieutenant J. F. Culver, a brave and efficient officer; Company K, by their first sergeant, Charles Margraff.

Most respectfully submitted.

Yours, obediently,

G. P. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Judah, U. S. Army, commanding at Bowling Green, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, Ky., March 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I forward herewith the report of Major Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in command of the detachment sent by me to the scene of the recent attack upon the railroad, near Richland, Tenn.

Although the One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois is serving in another department, I feel justified in directing the attention of the district commander to several facts developed in Major Sherwood's report. Among them, the rank of the officer in charge of so large a party; its abrupt departure, leaving to my detachment the duty of guarding the train, and the reported possession, on the part of two of the wounded rebels, of passes from Colonel Smith, One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois.

