
a considerable force of rebel cavalry under Colonel [John S.]Scott came into the State from East Tennessee, crossed the Kentucky River, and approached the Ohio, evidently with a view of assisting Morgan on his return. They were soon driven out of the State, with heavy loss, by the cavalry under Colonel Sanders that had returned from the pursuit of Morgan.*

* * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Late Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

JANUARY 21, 1863.-Captured of forage train near Murfreesborough, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Edward Potter, forage-master, U. S. service.

Numbers 2.-General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Edward Potter, forage-master, U. S. service.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION, CENTER,Murfreesborough, January 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report to you of the capture of the forage train from your command of the 21st instant:We left camp at your quarters shortly after daylight of the morning of the 21st, with 34 wagons and 128 men, in charge of Captain B. W. Canfield, of One hundred and fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Company E, the train in the advance, until formed on the Liberty pike, about 1 1/2 miles from your quarters. Before forming on the pike, I passed a large train forming from General Wood's division, and formed our train in the advance of them, in charge of Mr. Campbell, wagon-master of the Eightieth Illinois Regiment, with instruction to halt the train as soon as would give the large train room to form in our rear, while I returned to get two wagons of ours which had become fastened in with the large train, and to see at what time their train would be ready to move. The officer in charge told me it was ready then, but the guard was to quite ready, but would be in a very few moments. I then said I would move on our train to keep out of his way, as they would shortly overtake me. To which he replied, "Very well."

On my reaching the train, I found it halted, and the men in the wagons. They were placed there by order of Captain Canfield. I said to him it was not if order for the men to ride, and the replied that the men had a fast walk to get up, and he would let them ride to the outpost pickets, and I ordered the drivers to move on, taking the advance myself, with four orderlies, one wagon-master, and one lieutenant from

---------------

*Remainder of this report will be printed in Series I, Vol XXX.

---------------

