
MARCH 19, 1863.-Skirmish near College Grove, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY,Unionville, March 19, 1863-9 p. m.

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday has just been received. I have been pressing them for several days, but can discover nothing to induce me to believe they are evacuating Murfreesborough. They are still encamped at the junction of this and College Grove pike, and yesterday my men engaged them 1 1/2 miles this side of Salem. To-day a body of 250 picked men from this command, supported by Roddey, drove the enemy away from the new bridge they had constructed over Harpeth, near College Grove, and burned the bridge. The fight lasted several hours. Your orders relative to pressing the enemy's pickets shall be carried out.

Most respectfully, general,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

MARCH 19-30, 1863.-The First and Second Divisions, Ninth Army Corps, transferred from Newport News, Va., to Kentucky.

Itinerary of Ninth Army Corps for March, 1863.*

March 19, the First Division broke camp at Newport News, Va., and embarked on transports between that date and the 24th for Baltimore, where they took cars for Cincinnati, Ohio, arriving there 24th to 30th. The First Brigade proceeded to Bardstown, Ky.; the Second, to Camp Dick Robinson, Ky., and the Third, with the two batteries, to Lexington, Ky. The Second Division embarked at Newport News, Va., 25th to 26th; proceeded to Baltimore, Md.; thence proceeded by rail to Lexington, Ky., via Harrisburg, Pa., to Columbus and Cincinnati, Ohio, crossing the Ohio River at Covington. The First Brigade, accompanied by Durell's battery, left cars at Paris, Ky., and marched thence to Mount Sterling, Ky., where they encacaped. The Third Division left Newport News, Va., March 13 to 16, and proceeded by boat to Suffolk, Va.

MARCH 20, 1863.-Action at Vaught's Hill, near Milton, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Major General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Captain Alexander A. Rice, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Albert S. Hall, One hundred and fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

---------------

*From "Record of Events" in return of the corps for March 31, 1863.

---------------

