
quarters (General Stanley being out). General Granger offered to send Hambright's brigade, and I called to see General Thomas to authorize it, but found him out. It was authorized by department headquarters. I have only about 500 men in camp, and have sent them with four pieces of artillery to Hall's aid. Messenger arrived half an hour since. Hall had moved to a good position, and was holding his own, but evidently outnumbered. Hall is said to be about 12 miles from here.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 20, 1863-11 p. m.

COLONEL: Dr. [O. Q.] Herrick and Captain Blair have just returned from Milton. Hall is all right. He was surrounded by a superior force of cavalry and five pieces of artillery. He took a good position, fought them four hours, and drove them off handsomely. Our loss 7 killed and 31 wounded. Among the killed is Captain [A. C.] Van Buskirk, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois. Rebel loss 30 to 40 killed and 150 wounded; among the killed 3 commissioned officers. We have taken about a dozen prisoners, including 3 lieutenants. Our re-enforcements are all up, and Hall may give the rebels a punch to-morrow morning. Morgan, Wheeler, and Breckinridge were present.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Alexander A. Rice, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 20, 1863.

COLONEL: Colonel Hall has with him about 1,500 infantry and two pieces of artillery. Is 3 miles this side of Milton. Was attacked this morning in the rear. Says he has seen the enemy in large force both on his right and left, and thinks he is being surrounded. Says the enemy are all mounted, and asks for re-enforcements of cavalry. General Reynolds called on General Stanley for 1,000 cavalry, and is now gone to find General Thomas, to get a brigade of infantry from General Granger's division, as Colonel Wilder's brigade are all out. Strength of enemy not definitely known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. A. RICE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

