
They scoured the country around as far as Liberty, and reported no enemy in sight.

From information received from citizens and others, I was convinced that the enemy had been warned of our approach, and, not wishing to renew the fight, had fallen back. Deeming it unnecessary to remain longer at that point, I ordered Colonel Hall, after taking care of his own killed and wounded, and the killed, wounded, and prisoners of the enemy, to take the advance and return to Murfreesborough. I moved next with my command, the cavalry protecting the rear.

I have no casualties to report in my brigade. I arrived in camp at 8 p. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain [WILBERFORCE] NEVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH,

March 21, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from the major-general commanding cavalry, I marched with the First and Second Brigades at about 2.30 p. m. yesterday for Milton, for the purpose of assisting Colonel Hall, commanding a brigade of infantry, who was supposed to be surrounded by Morgan's force. I moved at the trot, and arrived at Milton a little after 6 p. m. I found that Colonel Hall had repulsed the enemy, who had retreated at 4 p. m.

I immediately moved to the front, and scouted the country thoroughly for a couple of miles, without finding any trace of the enemy. I bivouacked near the infantry, and covered them in all directions by strong pickets.

This morning Colonel Hall was full of the idea of surrounding and capturing the enemy's force, which he supposed was at Cainsville, Statesville, Auburn, Prosperity Church, Liberty, or Snow Hill. I declined moving until I could gain definite information of the direction of their retreat, and to that end sent out the following scouts: Colonel Long, with the Fourth Ohio, to Cainsville; Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, with the Seventh Pennsylvania, to Statesville; Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, with the Third Ohio, to and beyond Auburn, and Captain Tolton, with the Fourth Michigan, to take position at the junction of the Liberty and Las Casas pikes, to protect Colonel Murray's rear.

The enemy had not been seen in Cainsville or Statesville for some days. At Auburn, Lieutenant-Colonel Murray found a scouting party of 6 men; pursued them for a couple of miles without result. He learned that Morgan had fallen back to Snow Hill, leaving Breckinridge's battalion as an outlying picket at their old camp, this side of Liberty.

Colonel Murray brought in 2 prisoners, a private of Duke's regiment, whose horse had broken down, and 1 of [R. M.] Gano's regiment, found at a house, wounded.

