
the Nineteenth Indiana Battery. We moved about one-fourth of a mile in the advance of the teams, halting and making inquiries of all the pickets and vedettes until I arrived at the point where we were attacked, which I was told was the last vedette post. At this point the wagon train was about one-fourth of a mile in our rear, and a short distance in the advance of me wee some 30 men in our uniform, whom I supposed to be our pickets. As I was under the captain, I dismounted to ask him to form his men in the order of marching, and permitted the horsemen to advance within 40 feet of me, when they demanded my surrender.

At this moment I discovered our surprise, and ordered a halt of the teams and the men to form in line of the left of the wagons, and replied to the order to surrender by firing five shots, killing 3 ;men, and receiving two volleys from them, when I engaged Colonel [J. B.] Hutcheson with my saber, disarming him, when I was overpowered by numbers, and surrender my saber to Colonel Hutcheson. While this was going on, the firing had commenced at the wagons, about 30 rods from me, in the rear, but how they were making of it I could not tell until I saw the teams advancing on the road where I was held a prisoner, and was told that every man was taken. We had 1 man slightly wounded in the hand. I saw 5 of Morgan's men taken from our wagon, dead, at Liberty, and 3 wounded men on horseback. We made a forced march to Smithville, and halted for one hour, and then started for McMinnville in the captured wagons. I made my escape from capture, and arrived at your quarters on the evening of the 26th instant. Our train was out for rough feed where I had previously found it, about 7 miles from Murfreesborough, and 1 mile to the left of the pike where we were captured. About 80 rods from where our capture was made we passed 2 men, who said they were patrols, and that everything was all right in front.

EDWARD POTTER.

Colonel A. S. HALL,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division, Center.

Numbers 2. Report of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

TULLAHOMA, January 22, 1863.

(Received at Richmond, Va., January 23, 1863.)

Lieutenant-Colonel [J. B.] Hutcheson, with 100 men, Morgan's cavalry, made a dash yesterday upon the enemy's camp at Murfreesborough, and captured and brought off safely 150 prisoners and 30 wagons. Major [D. W.] Holman (Wheeler's cavalry) since last report captured and destroyed another large transport on Cumberland loaded with subsistence. The enemy has made no show of an advance from Murfreesborough.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

