HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY,Unionville, March 21, 1863-8 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy were driven to within 1 mile or less of Triune. Their outpost was of cavalry, 3 1/2 miles this side of Triune. They were driven from their reserve camp, chased by Company C, of Texas Rangers, and two companies of Third Confederate, to their infantry. Steedman's division is at Triune, on the north side of town. They were drawn up in battle line, and presented too strong a front for a small cavalry command. There is no encampment of the enemy south of Triune. Citizens still report that the enemy are leaving Murfreesborough; but we get it all second and third handed, and cannot by any means be deemed reliable. The couriers ply between Franklin, Triune, and Murfreesborough by a road which is a continuance of the Wilkerson pike. They have a guard of 12 men. I have sent a party to that road to-night, and hope to obtain dispatches and information.

I am much obliged to you for the complimentary order in reference to Lieutenant Smith and party; it will do good.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding, &amp;c.

MARCH 22, 1863.-Capture of Mount Sterling, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel R. S. Cluke, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army.

LEXINGTON, KY., March 23, 1863-10.35 a. m.

GENERAL: Your information from the general is substantially correct. General Carter is at Danville, where he will concentrate his infantry. Wolford is in front of him. I will give him aa mounted force as fast as I can concentrate it. Colonel [C. J.] Walker drove Cluke from Hazle Green on the 21st, capturing 60 men. A portion of Cluke's force returned to Mount Sterling and captured 100 men left there by Colonel Walker as a guard, which remaining there in disobedience to my orders, which were to come to Winchester, where I had a force. Walker reports [Humphrey] Marshall with 1,800 near Salyersville.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General [H. G.] WRIGHT, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 23, 1863.

SIR: I telegraphed you this morning what reliable information I had from the front, and also the recent news from Mount Sterling. The history of that affair may be briefly stated as follows:On the 14th instant, knowing that Cluke was at Hazle Green with 800

