
charged; but, being overpowered by numbers, was compelled to give way. On the Stanford road I again rallied my men, and with a few rounds of ammunition checked and drove back the enemy with some loss, and retired toward the Cumberland.

After the charge of Colonel Carter, a fight could have been avoided, and the two regiments been brought off without the loss of 10 men; but both officers and men seemed to feel that upon an effort made there devolved the safety of the brigade, and all were willing to submit to any sacrifice to insure its safe crossing at the river. It was for this reason that I attempted to make a stand against a force fully five times my number, and that had already flanked me on both wings.

My command did not number over 330 men. Of that number the First Louisiana lost 71 men and 4 commissioned officers, and Colonel Carter's lost 5 commissioned officers and 32 men.

The individual acts of gallantry and heroism were so numerous as to preclude the possibility of my detailing them. Colonel Carter and Lieutenant-Colonel Nixon displayed great coolness on the field. The former was at one time completely surrounded, and made his escape by use of his pistol. The latter had his bridle-reins seized by a Yankee officer, but succeeded in making his escape with a slight wound in his hand.

This is the first time that the First Louisiana Cavalry has ever turned their backs on an enemy, and I assure you I feel as much mortified as any soldier could who thinks he has done his duty. But for the unfortunate circumstances of cutting my command in two when I thought I had an advantage of the enemy, the disasters of the day might have been very much lessened, and I would very respectfully suggest that aides in the future be instructed to bear your messages to me in person, instead of halting my column in a charge and in the face of a powerful enemy.

Very respectfully,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel First Louisiana Cavalry.

Brigadier-General PEGRAM,

Commanding Cavalry.

MARCH 23, 1863.-Skirmish near Thompson's Station, Tenn.

Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

FRANKLIN, March 23, 1863.

GENERAL: Our cavalry has driven the rebel advance back to Thompson's Station, where their main body is strongly posted, covering the three points. We made an effort to dislodge them, but failed, with a loss of 1 officer and 4 men. I will keep the cavalry feinting them and watching their movements.

This post can take care of itself, although they may fall upon Brentwood and damage our communications. To-morrow, I think, will develop their movements.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

General J. J. REYNOLDS.

