
MARCH 25, 1863.-Actions at Brentwood and on the Little Harpeth River, Tenn.

REPORTS

Numbers 1.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Kentucky.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General G. Clay Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Cavalry Brigade, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army.

Numbers 7.-Brigadier Geen. James B. Steedman, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 8.-General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

Numbers 9.-Brigadier General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, First Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 10.-Return of Casualties, C. S. forces.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General Frank C. Armstrong, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 12.-Colonel James Gordon, Fourth Mississippi Cavalry.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant Colonel Jamees H. Lewis, First [Sixth] Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 14.-Major William E. De Moss, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 15.-Colonel James W. Starnes, Third [Fourth] Tennessee Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

March 26, 1863-12 noon.

The following has just been received from Major-General Granger:

FRANKLIN, TENN., March 25, 1863.

The force at Brentwood was captured early this morning by two or three brigades of rebel cavalry. They crossed the Harpeth, 12 miles below, near Tank, and destroyed the railroad bridge and telegraph. Pickets were attacked early and vigorously on all approaches to this place, on the south side of the river. I immediately dispatched cavalry, under General Smith, to save railroad train and Brentwood. The rebels had completed work; were moving westward; pursued and overtook them, 6 miles out; sharp engagement; recaptured wagons, ambulances, and arms (one hundred) taken from us, and two hundred stand in addition. When success seemed certain, Forrest came with a strong force on the left. We were compelled to fall back to Brentwood, burning a portion of the wagons and destroying such arms as we could not bring away.

General Smith reports 350 to 400 of the enemy killed. Brought in 40 prisoners. Our loss does not exceed 50.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 6, 1863.

GENERAL: Inclosed I transmit a report from Major General Gordon Granger, with sub-report from Brigadier General G. C. Smith, respecting the

