
affair at Brentwood. It shows that Colonel Bloodgood and his command were captured with such feeble resistance as to reflect disgrace on all concerned. The block-house was one which could have been defended against any cavalry or infantry attack they were able to bring against it. Colonel [W. P.] Innes and 290 men defended themselves in a small corral of rails, brush, and wagons at La Vergne against a more formidable attack.

The cavalry appear to have behaved gallantly, I am glad to observe, and call attention to the evidences of its increasing effectiveness. With proper officers and arms, it will soon be able to cope with its rebel foes effectually.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Kentucky.

FRANKLIN, TENN., March 25, 1863.

Courier posts Nos. 3 and 4, 5 1/2 and 7 1/2 miles in the direction of Triune, were attacked and driven off between 3 and 4 o'clock this morning. One got back to the post in this direction, and reports that a column of rebel cavalry, 800 to 1,000 strong, passed on in the direction of Brentwood. I at once telegraphed Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood at that place to be on the alert, and found the wires already cut. Soon after daylight my pickets on the Columbia, Carter Creek, and Hillsborough roads were attacked, and skirmishing has been going on since. I have re-enforced my pickets on the south side of the river, and sent the balance of the cavalry back on the Nashville pike, to look after the train and guards at Brentwood.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

General W. S. ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough.

(General Steedman please read this, and forward it rapidly to General Rosecrans. The wires are cut.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Franklin, Tenn., March 25, 1863.

The force at Brentwood and at the creek this side of the place were captured early this morning by two or three brigades of rebel cavalry, which crossed the Harpeth some 12 miles below, near Tank, destroying the railroad bridge and telegraph. Our pickets were attacked early and vigorously, on all the approaches to this place, on the south side of the river. The courier line at Stations Numbers 3. and Numbers 4, between this place and Triune, were routed at nearly the same hour. At the time this information was received I was re-enforcing the advance cavalry pickets; had already crossed some 300 men. It at once occurred to me

12 R R - VOL XXIII, PT I

