
that Brentwood and the morning train were the objects to be attacked by the force that passed between this place and Triune. I accordingly immediately dispatched the remainder of the cavalry, under General Smith, to save the train and Brentwood, if possible. The rebels had completed their work, and were moving westward on hi arrival there. He pursued and overtook them some 5 or 6 miles out, when a sharp engagement took place; recaptured the wagons, ambulances, the arms taken from our people, and about two hundred stand in addition, belonging to the killed and wounded of the enemy. At this juncture, and as success seemed certain, Forrest came in with a strong brigade on the left, and General Smith was forced to fall back on Brentwood, burning a portion of the wagons, and destroying such arms as he could not bring away.

General Smith and Colonel Watkins report that at least 350 to 400 of the enemy were killed and wounded. Brought in 40 prisoners. Our loss will not exceed 50; among them several officers.

I have recalled the cavalry, and moved at once across to the Hillsborough pike at Boyd's Mill, hoping to intercept them.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Franklin, Tenn., April 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Brigadier General G. Clay Smith, commanding the Fourth Cavalry Brigade, of the operations of a portion of our cavalry under his immediate command on March 25. The report speaks for itself, and I submit the same without comment.

At daylight on the morning of March 25, our pickets on the Lewisburg, Columbia, Carter Creek, and Boyd's Mill, roads were vigorously attacked, those on the Columbia by artillery, and were being rapidly driven back. Fortunately, I had ordered all the cavalry, on the evening previous, to be in saddle at the dawn of day, for the purpose of making a heavy demonstration on both his flanks, in order to develop his force and exact position. The cavalry being in hand, I commenced pushing it over the river to re-enforce our pickets and force the enemy to show his hand. As soon as some 300 had crossed the river, one of the couriers from post. Numbers 3, Triune line, came in and reported that posts Nos. 3 and 4 of their line had been routed between 3 and 4 a. m. by the enemy's cavalry, numbering from 800 to 1,000, which was moving in thee direction of Brentwood. While listening to this report, a messenger, a Union man living in the vicinity, arrived from near Tank, and reported that a heavy cavalry force, under Forrest and Wharton, had crossed Harpeth some miles below this place, and was moving in the direction of Nashville.

It now became evident that their intentions were to capture Brentwood and the morning train from Nashville. I had in reserve but about 600 cavalry, and accordingly dispatched Brigadier General G. Clay Smith to save Brentwood, guards, and train, cost what it would, and that I would re-enforce him at the earliest possible moment.

For several hours the rebels pressed back everything sent against them in our front. The telegraph wires had been cut in the direction

