
squads packing the dead and disabled to the rear, makes the above estimate very reasonable. My men shot with wonderful and fearful aim. The five-shooters of the Second Michigan, and the rapidity with which the Burnside carbine could be loaded, poured such a constant and deadly volley into their ranks, and felled so many, that but for such overwhelming forces, numbering not less than 5,000, our success would have been unquestioned, and our captured men, under Colonel Bloodgood, retaken. I may well, however, be the boast of that small force of 600 men that they drove more than twice their number, with two pieces of artillery, over 6 miles, perfectly dismayed and whipped, and fought, for over two hours, almost ten times their strength, and successfully resisted their charges for 2 miles, when we came to a halt, and the enemy thought proper to desist.

They captured 380 of our infantry, but were sorely punished. By and by we will recover ours; but they had an equal number made useless to them hereafter at Little Harpeth.

I cannot speak too earnestly of the coolness, courage, and daring gallantry of Colonel L. D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry. He was prompt in the execution of every order, and rendered me great assistance throughout the whole engagement. Attention is also called to the unexceptionable conduct and bravery of Major W. H. Fidler and Lieuts. George Williams, Dan. Cheatham, and Mead, Sixth Kentucky. To Lieuts. Williams, Cheatham, and Mead, who with 12 men were cut off in one of the charges made by Colonel Watkins, and gallantly fought their way out, killing 7 rebels, wounding several, and capturing 6 prisoners, making their way to Nashville, where they arrived safely with their prisoners, I call especial attention. Such men deserve promotion in the army. I must also direct attention to Major Gwynne, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, who bore himself with great gallantry, and did much in resisting the bold attacks of the enemy. Also Captains Weatherwax (commanding Second Michigan Cavalry) and Johnston, Lieutenant Robinson, and Orderly Sergt. [J. N.] Stephens, Company L, same regiment, deserve the highest consideration for their conduct on that day. I recommend their promotion. Major Jones, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, whom I ordered to charge with his battalion and maintain his position on the left, deserves my highest praise. His horse was shot under him. Captain Kimmel, of the same regiment, when falling back, came across a number of loaded guns-some fifteen or twenty. He stood, fired, and broke, until all were unloaded at the enemy and broken over a tree. It was a good deed, and he deserves praise. I held Colonel Jordan, with a portion of his regiment, in reserve, to re-enforce such points as should need it. His men, whenever called upon, behaved well.

In conclusion, I must thank the members of my staff who were with me, Captain J. M. Porter, and Lieuts. G. Clay Goodloe, C. E. Terry, and Dr. H. Mallory, for valuable and faithful services. Also Lieutenant O. B. McKnight, who commanded my escort, for the good fighting he and his 30 men did on several occasions when the enemy were pressing heavily.

My wounded were all brought off, and 2 (reported killed) died after getting to camp.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

G. CLAY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

