
A D D E N D A.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 1, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER,

Commanding at Franklin:

GENERAL: The general commanding, having read General G. Clay Smith's report of the cavalry battle of Little Harpeth, between 600 or 700 of the Second Michigan, Ninth Pennsylvania, Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, and the rebel cavalry under Forrest, Starnes, and Biffle, desires publicly to express to General Smith and the officers and men under him, engaged in the fight, his thanks for the spirit and gallantry of their behavior. He congratulates them, as well as himself and the country, that our cavalry thus show themselves worthy of the cause in which they combat.

Soldiers, we fight an arbitrary and despotic rebellion, whose motto is rule or ruin all who oppose their selfish schemes. They have ruined the South, and, were they able, would ruing us also. May all our troops emulate your conduct in this action, fighting like brave men, long and well, and we shall soon conquer a peace with liberty and national unity.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Franklin, Tenn., March 26, 1863.

SIR: The part taken by the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry in the action of yesterday, though of small moment, I beg leave to report.

At about 10 a. m. we came in sight of the rear of the enemy, retreating in the direction of Harpeth River. The Sixth Kentucky and Second Michigan Cavalry preceded my regiment in the column, the rear being brought up by the Fourth Kentucky, under the command of Major Gwyne. By order of General Smith, the column was moved forward at a trot, and the passage of the creek in our front threw us some distance in the rear. I at once ordered my men into a gallop, which was continued for between 4 and 5 miles, when I caught up with the rear of the Second Michigan. For more than half an hour the Sixth Kentucky had been skirmishing with the enemy and taking prisoners.

At a road called Granny White's turnpike the enemy made a more determined stand, though before this they had lost the wagons of ammunition and arms captured from the United States forces at Brentwood. As I came up, Colonel Watkins, with the Sixth Kentucky, and Captain [Weatherwax], with the Second Michigan, were deployed as skirmishers, moving upon the enemy in our front, and I at once moved forward to support them by a charge of cavalry, when I saw, on thee Granny White turnpike and about 700 or 800 yards to our right flank, a body of the enemy, fully equal in size of our whole force, with a smaller one on our left flank. I at once determined to charge the head of my column upon the force to the right, and moved my men upon the turnpike for that purpose, when I discovered that they were filing off to their right along a high stone fence, from which they could most effectually stop

