
my charge. At the same moment an order came from General Smith not to charge, as he, on the hill where he was posted, had seen the force. The enemy at once began to flank the Sixth Kentucky and Second Michigan, when the general ordered the recall to be sounded. The enemy, however, came on with loud cheers, but were met with a with-double-quick. During this time I had, by orders, dismounted my men and ordered them to hold the stone fence in their front. The enemy in front, who but a few moments before had been a mass of disorganized men, throwing away their arms and seeking safety in flight, now took courage and again advanced (but out of range) to our left flank, while those in front were slowly closing up, with a heavy body thrown toward our right flank. By order of General Smith, we began to retire slowly and in order, now and then turning upon the enemy and driving them a respectful distance from our rear.

The enemy succeeded in killing 6 of the horses of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry and wounding 7, but, strangle to say, did not kill or wound a single man. Major Jones had his horse shot under him.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain J. SPEED PEAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo., May 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:On March 25, the situation of my camp at Brentwood, Tenn., was as follows: According to orders, I had placed my camp as near the forks of the Wilson and Franklin pikes as would command those roads and the railroad store-house. Pickets were placed at proper distances upon the Franklin pike, south of the camp. The same on Wilson pike (south), at the railroad store-house and through the woods (west), and also on the Franklin pike, about 100 yards north of the bridge, where the Franklin pike crosses the railroad. I had fallen tree sides, close to my camp, as a defense against a dash of cavalry by night. A detachment of thee Nineteenth Michigan Regiment (infantry) was stationed at the stockades near the railroad bridge, about 1 1/2 miles south from Brentwood.

On the morning of the above date, a messenger from the stockades rode into camp with information that the enemy were upon them, and were destroying the railroad. My command, comprising but about 400 effective men, was soon in line. Three companies were immediately directed to move forward to the assistance of those at the bridge; but after advancing but a short distance from camp, the enemy, in superior force, were discovered deploying from the pike into line of battle of both sides of the road, and moving upon us. I immediately deployed three companies, and placed them under charge of Major Smith, of our

