
and sent to Annapolis, Md. After being exchanged, with other officers, I had to go to the hospital at Annapolis, and from there was ordered to report to my regiment, at Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, yours, very respectfully,

E. BLOODGOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD.

Numbers 6. Reports of Brigadier General Robert B. Michell, U. S. Army.

FORCES IN THE FIELD, March 25, 1863.

GENERAL: A part of the Thirty-third Indiana, part of the Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, and part of the Nineteenth Michigan Volunteers, numbering about 300, were all captured near 9 a. m. to-day; 5 killed and wounded. Rebels lost 6 killed. All Government property taken.

General G. Clay Smith, with Second Michigan Cavalry, from Franklin, 12 miles the other side of Brentwood, attacked part of the rebel force, and drove them for 6 miles, where they joined the main force, commanded by Forrest, Wheeler, and Starnes. General Smith was obliged to fall back. He lost 4 officers and about 15 men in killed, wounded, and missing. General Smith recaptured all wagons and ambulances. Being hard pressed, he burned wagons and destroyed everything except ambulances, which were sent to Franklin. I met General Smith here; had 560 men. Rebel force about 5,000. Without 1,000 more cavalry at Nashville, the rebels can do anything outside of our pickets.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Nashville, Tenn., March 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just returned from Brentwood. About 10 this morning a courier arrived from there, bringing a verbal message that the enemy were surrounding the place.

At 1.30 this p. m. I arrived at Brentwood with my immense cavalry force (about 180) and two regiments of infantry, with section of artillery. Two more regiments of infantry in rear. My arrival was too late to enable me to effect anything, the enemy being mounted and 7 miles away before I reached Brentwood.

The enemy had moved off, heading toward Harpeth Shoals. General Smith, commanding cavalry brigade, having with him 560 men, came from Franklin and drove the enemy for nearly 6 miles, when they formed a junction with the main force under Forrest and Wheeler, and General Smith was forced to retire. I met him upon arriving at Brentwood.

From all I can learn concerning the affair, it was a very disgraceful one for the commanding officer of our forces (Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, Nineteenth Michigan [Twenty-second Wisconsin] Volunteers). With a position easily reached from his encampment, he could have held

