
the enemy, in almost any numbers, at bay till the arrival of re-enforcements; but, with a loss of 1 man killed and 4 wounded, he seems to have surrendered without an effort to change position or to make a resistance worthy the name of a fight.

A detachment of the rebel forces, during the affair at Brentwood, drove away or captured 9 of the negro woodchopper some 3 miles this side of Brentwood.

The railroad bridge near Brentwood was burned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff.

Return of Casualties in the Union forces engaged at Brentwood, Tenn., March 25, 1863.

[Compiled from nominal list of casualties, returns, &amp;c.]

Command	 Enlisted	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Aggregate

 men	 captured	 men

 wounded	 or missing	 captured

 	 	 or missing

19th Michigan	 .......	 8	 222 	 230

22nd Wisconsin	 3 	 18	 500	 521

Total	 3	 26	 722	 751

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General James B. Steedman, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Triune, Tenn., March 26, 1863.

GENERAL: From 1,500 to 2,000 of the enemy's cavalry passed between Franklin and this point, between 2 and 3 o'clock this morning, and captured the garrison at Brentwood. My cavalry weere at the Harpeth, 4 miles in front of my position, during the night, and at Petersburg at 5.30 this morning, but I learned nothing of the enemy's movement toward Brentwood until 9 a. m. I immediately went in the direction of the Wilson pike, with 400 cavalry, two regiments of infantry, and one section of artillery; but learning the enemy, after capturing our troops at Brentwood, and gone to the right of Franklin, my troops were ordered back to camp.

I intend to go to Starnes' Mill foraging to-morrow with 150 wagons, escorted by a brigade, and will most probably encounter some of the enemy's cavalry.

My works are strong, and I can hold my present position against a force of 10,000.

Respectfully, yours,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Depot of the Cumberland.

