
Numbers 8. Report of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

TULLAHOMA, March 27, 1863.

(Received at Richmond, Va., March 28, 1863.)

General Van Dorn reports Forrest made a successful visit to Brentwood with his division; burned the bridge, destroyed and took all property and arms, and captured 800 prisoners, including 35 officers. Lost 3 men killed and 5 wounded.*

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 9. Report of Brigadier General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, First Cavarly Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CAVALRY CORPS,April 1, 1863.

MAJOR: I respectfully submit the following report of expedition to Brentwood:On the 24th ultimo I ordered Colonel [J. W.] Starnes, commanding Second Brigade, to proceed with his command in the direction of Brentwood, leaving Franklin on the left and crossing Harpeth River at Half-Acre Mill, 6 miles east of Franklin, and to pass through fields and by-roads thence to Brentwood, ordering him to throw out a squadron on the pike and railroad between Brentwood and Franklin, cutting the telegraph wires, and tearing up the track of the railroad, sending two regiments forward to attack the stockade, and posting the balance of the Third [Fourth] Tennessee Regiment so as to cut off any retreat of the enemy toward Nashville and Triune. He was ordered to bring on the attack at daylight on the 25th, at which time I was to join him with General Armstrong's brigade, with the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry, temporarily attached to his brigade, which marched on Brentwood via Hillsborough and the Hillsborough pike. I failed to reach Brentwood with General Armstrong's command at the appointed hour, owing to delay in getting the artillery across Harpeth River. I arrived there, however, at 7 o'clock in the morning, sending one squadron of the Tenth Regiment down the Hillsborough pike to protect my rear, and another to the left and rear of Brentwood to prevent any retreat of the enemy toward Nashville, and give me timely information of any re-enforcements from Nashville. With the other six companies of the Tenth Tennessee and my escort, I moved to the right of the road running from Hillsborough pike to Brentwood, ordering General Armstrong, with this brigade and a section of Freeman's artillery, to move to the left of that, and attack the Federals at Brentwood.

After disposing of my troops as stated, I moved rapidly on with my escort to the Franklin pike, capturing a courier with a dispatch to the commander of the Federal forces at Franklin, asking for help. I found

---------------

*See General Bragg's congratulatory order, p. 118.

---------------

