
the enemy had thrown out his skirmishers on the pike and on the surrounding hills. A flag of truce was sent in, demanding an immediate and unconditional surrender. The colonel commanding replied that we must come and take him. By this time the other six companies of the Tenth Tennessee, commanded by Major [William E.] De Moss, had arrived at the pike. He was ordered to dismount his men and attack in front, while messengers were sent to General Armstrong to move up and open upon them with his artillery in the left and rear. Major De Moss promptly attacked them. As soon as this was done, with my escort I moved rapidly to the right of the pike, and, gaining a high position, found the enemy were preparing to make their escape toward Nashville. My escort was ordered to advance to the pike and engage them. By this time the firing in front between the enemy and Major De Moss became general. The enemy had been driven inside of their works, and I ordered my escort to charge them. Just as this order was given, and General Armstrong had taken position on the left, the enemy hoisted a white flag, and surrendered, with all their arms, wagons, baggage, and equipments.

I ordered General Armstrong to send off the prisoners, arms, wagons, &amp;c., as quickly as possible to the Hillsborough pike, and to destroy by fire all the tents, camp equipage, &c., that could not be transported. With the Fourth Mississippi Cavalry, and the Tenth Tennessee and the pieces of artillery, I moved on the stockade at the bridge across Harpeth River, about 2 miles south of Brentwood. After getting position and firing one gun, they surrendered. We captured there 275 prisoners, 11 wagons, 3 ambulances, with all their arms and equipments.

We moved off as soon as possible to the Hillsborough pike, after destroying the railroad bridge and all the tents and supplies which could not be removed.

Before leaving Brentwood to attack the stockade, I ordered Colonel [J. H.] Lewis, of the First [Sixth] Tennessee Cavalry, to dash down the pike with his command toward Nashville. He ran their pickets in at Brown's Creek, capturing some negroes and a sutler's wagon within 3 miles of the city. He there turned to the left with his regiment, making a circuit around Nashville from the Franklin to the Charlotte pike.

Before the rear of my command reached the Hillsborough pike, they were attacked by a force of Federal cavalry. They succeeded in getting possession of several of the wagons captured at the stockade, and cut out and stampeded the mules.

As soon as the lines were formed, the enemy were repulsed and driven back to Brentwood; but having no harness or mules for them, several of the wagons were burned, and not knowing what forces might be marching on us, I deemed it expedient to move off with the prisoners as rapidly as possible.

I will here remark that Colonel Starnes reached the stockade at daylight; but, not knowing the force of the enemy, and being without artillery, and ignorant of the whereabouts of my portion of the command, moved over to the Hillsborough pike, where he remained until after the capture was made.

I refer you to official report of killed and wounded on our side, which is very small indeed. The enemy lost about 15 killed and 30 wounded and 800 prisoners. We captured and brought away 3 ambulances and harness, 9 six-horse wagons and harness, 2 two-horse wagons and harness, 60 mules, and 6 horses, which were placed in chargee of Major [N. C.] Jones, assistant quartermaster First Brigade,who was ordered to turn them over to quartermaster at Columbia. Many of the men in the

