
high hill; the Twenty-third Kentucky on the left and the Twenty-fourth Ohio on the right of the pike, in line, about 550 yards distant from the enemy behind the stone fences; the Sixth Ohio and the Eighty-fourth Illinois in reserve in rear. Colonel Blake now came up and put in position the Forty-first Ohio and Sixth Kentucky to my left, on the high hill, driving the enemy's skirmishers therefor as he advanced. At this time a general heavy firing was kept up on both sides all along the line, our men sheltered by the crest of the hill, the enemy by the stone fences, so but little injury was being sustained on either side. I then requested, and the general sent me, two pieces of Captain [D. T.] Cockerill's battery, under command of Lieutenant [N.] Osburn, who soon paid his compliments to the stone fences and those behind them, causing the enemy to retire in confusion, double-quick. We pursued to the farther side of the town. The enemy being all cavalry, could easily move out of our way. He was, perhaps, about 1,000 strong, with no artillery. My forces met no serious injury.

We found that the enemy had lost Lieutenant-Colonel [J. B] Hutcheson, 1 captain, and 3 men killed open the field (the former in command of the forces at the place), and heard of others being carried off killed or wounded. One we saw mortally wounded left in the town. My men having had so much desperate fighting recently with he enemy, we might well have doubted a desire to again engage him, but I am proud to say every officer and man, with energy and alacrity, moved to the discharge of his whole duty.

Captain [William] Boden, Twenty-third Kentucky, and Lieutenant [I. N.] Dryden, Twenty-fourth Ohio, I noticed as prompt and efficient commanders of the front skirmish lines, and, perhaps, to some one of their men belongs the credit of killing Colonel Hutcheson, as he was killed by a Minie ball at an early stage of the skirmishing.

Allow me to call attention to the want of co-operation of the cavalry that was to have acted with our forces, as the cause of our not capturing the enemy.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding third Brigade.

Captain D. W. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John T. Wilder, Seventeenth Indiana Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 5TH DIV., CENTER, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborugh, January 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 3 p. m. (23 instant) I received order to move my brigade out the Bradyville pike, to act in concert with Brigadier-General Palmer in an attack on Woodbury. the Seventy-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers being absent escorting a forage train, the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers was ordered to accompany me.

In accordance with the orders, I moved out the Bradyville pike to Cedar Run, 8 miles distant, and bivouacked until 4 o'clock next morning, when I aroused the men and moved forward as fast as possible, and used proper precaution against surprise. I had learned the 700 of Buford's

