
yet be done my regiment, I leave its fame in the hands of my commanding general.

After the retreat of the enemy, I moved on with the command, and reached Spring Hill on the evening of the 26th ultimo.

Very respectfully,

JAMES GORDON,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

Brigadier General FRANK C. ARMSTRONG, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James H. Lewis, First [Sixth] Tennessee Cavalry.

MARCH 28, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received, I have the honor to forward to you a report of the part taken by the regiment under my command at Brentwood and around Nashville.

We were not engaged with the enemy at Brentwood, but were present at the capture. Immediately after the enemy's surrender, I was ordered by Adjutant and Inspector General [Assistant Adjutant-General] [Samuel M.] Hyams, jr., to report to you, which I did, and by your order reported to General [N. B.] Forrest, who directed me to move rapidly in the direction of Nashville from Brentwood; if possible, capture a lot of 150 negroes, and other property I might find that belonged to the enemy, and drive in their pickets, &amp;c. I moved rapidly in the direction of Nashville; found that the enemy had been notified of the attack upon Brentwood; their pickets had been alarmed, and upon our approach fled. A portion of the regiment galloped up within 2 1/2 or 3 miles of Nashville, in plain view of the enemy's encampment near the city; captured a sutler of One hundred and thirteenth Ohio, 1 two-horse wagon and team, and 10 negroes, who were in possession of the enemy. I then moved across to the Charlotte pike, making half the circuit of Nashville across the different turnpike roads, at a distance of 3 1/2 to 5 miles from Nashville; had a plain view of the city and capitol, and moved down the Charlotte turnpike to a point 8 miles from Nashville, near the Cumberland River, where I remained from 3 p. m. until 9 p. m., momentarily expecting the arrival of yourself with General Forrest, who had informed me that they would certainly come to that point. Hearing nothing from you, I moved off at 9 p. m., and arrived here yesterday, 27th instant, with all the property captured. No loss to the regiment, except the bad condition of horses.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. LEWIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First [Sixth] Tennessee Cavalry.

Brigadier-General [FRANK C.] ARMSTRONG,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 14. Report of Major William E. De Moss, Tenth Tennessee Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR SPRING HILL, TENN., March 28, 1863.

SIR: Being temporarily attached to your brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part enacted by the Tenth Tennessee

