
Of Captain Swingley's squadron (temporarily attached to our regiment), 2 were wounded and 18 are missing. Of all the missing it were fair to conclude that not more than a fifth of sixth fell into the hands of the enemy.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. E. DE MOSS,

Major, Commanding Tenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry.

Major [S. M.] HYAMS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Armstrong's Brigade of Cavalry.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel James W. Starnes, Third [Fourth] Tennessee Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HEEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,

Near Spring Hill, April 6, 1863.

In obedience to order, I left camp on the evening of March 24, with Colonel [J. B.] Biffle's regiment, part of Colonel [J. H.] Edmondson's, and the Third [Fourth] Tennessee Cavalry Regiment, under command of Captain [William S.] McLemore, moving to the right of Franklin and crossing Harpeth River 6 miles above at Davis' Mill simultaneously with General [N. B.] Forrest, who passed with the remainder of his division to the left of Franklin. It being intended to make a concerted attack on the Aboliton command at Little Harpeth Bridge and their forces at Brentwood, I crossed the river at about midnight, and sent forward 15 men to capture the enemy's pickets and couriers. In attempting this, Sergt. Thomas R. Tulloss and Private William W. Ozburn, of the Third Tennessee Regiment, were wounded, the detachment capturing 4 of the enemy's horses.

At 2.30 a. m. I passed on to the Wilson turnpike, and turned down it in the direction of Brentwood, after sending one squadron to destroy thee railroad track near Mallory's Station, and cut the telegraph wires, which they did very effectually, and afterward remained on picket on the Franklin turnpike, at Hollytree Gap. I sent forward six companies, under command of Captain [P. H.] McBride, to take position behind the top of a hill some 350 yards east of the enemy's encampment, to be ready for the attack according to your order. I then left Colonel Edmondson with his command on the hill at Benjamin Smith's blacksmith shop, to guard my rear, as my rear guard had informed me that we were followed by some Yankee cavalry. After making these arrangements, I left the turnpike with the remainder of my command, and passed across a field to a thicket, about 400 yards distant from the enemy's encampment, and there awaited the arrival of General Forrest until 7.30 o'clock. Owing to the weakened condition of my command, I did not deem it prudent to attack the stockade without artillery, as it was of great strength against small arms, and I did not think that its capture would compensate for the loss that I would sustain in taking it.

Having given out [up] General Forrest, I moved across to the Hillsborough turnpike without meeting him, and found that he had passed on early in the morning. I remained where he left the Hillsborough turnpike for Brentwood until the arrival of General [F. C.] Armstrong's brigade and Major [William E.] De Moss' regiment, who halted there with the prisoners. While there I was informed by my pickets that there

133 R R - VOL XXIII, PT I

