
was a foraging train about 2 miles down the turnpike, and took Colonel [J. B.] Biffle, with four companies of his regiment and four companies of the Third [Fourth] Tennessee Regiment, and went in pursuit of them. Finding after going about 3 miles that it was a wood train and unattended, I halted all but two companies that went forward after it. Half an hour after sending the two companies forward, a courier informed me that the enemy had followed us and that fighting was going on. After sending for the two companies that had gone forward, I returned with all possible speed, and on coming in sight found that our forces were falling back rapidly and the enemy following them with great vigor on horseback and on foot. I moved the force I had with me rapidly on the enemy's right, and charge them with considerable vigor, which caused them to fall back to their position on the hill with great precipitation. They soon rallied, and commenced to deploy for another attack, and I dismounted Colonel Biffle's regiment and part of the Third [Fourth] Tennessee Regiment and moved on them; but finding they were falling back too rapidly to be followed on foot, I made a flank movement on their right wing with three companies under Captain Allison, pouring a heavy fire into their right and rear. They were retreating very rapidly when General Forrest ordered us to return.

The casualties on our side were very slight, having been stated in a report of killed, wounded, and missing.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. STARNES,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major C. W. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 25, 1863.-Affair with Union gunboats near Florence, Ala.

Report of Colonel George G. Dibrell, Eighth [Thirteenth] Tennessee Cavalry.

SPRING HILL, TENN., April 11, 1863.

In obedience to an order issued by General [B.] Bragg, the Eighth [Thirteenth] Tennessee Cavalry was ordered by General [N. B.] Forrest to move rapidly to Florence and Tuscumbia, Ala., to protect the several manufacturing establishments in that section and prevent the destruction of the same.

The Eighth [Thirteenth] moved on February 24, with Captain [J. W.] Morton's battery. Before reaching Florence, Colonel [F. M.] Burdino [Cornyn], with a force of United States cavalry, had been up as far as Tuscumbia, doing much damage, but had retired to Corinth before our arrival. We were much embarrassed on account of heavy rains and high waters, but, with the aid of a steamboat sent down from Decatur to Lamb's Ferry, we crossed thee Tennessee and marched to Tuscumbia and Bear Creek, but too late to overtake the enemy. We then recrossed the Tennessee River, and established our camp at Florence, Ala., keeping pickets and scouts well out down the river, as far as Eastport, and scouting as far as Waynesborough and Savannah.

On the morning of April [March?] 25, our scouts reported three wooden gunboats ascending the Tennessee above Savannah. We placed a strong picket to guard a factory 10 miles below Florence, who had a lively skirmish with a force that landed from the gunboats. I had started down to re-enforce them with the main part of the regiment and Captain Mor-

