
Our loss is 1 killed, 2 wounded, and 4 missing, prisoners captured on picket duty by the enemy's advance and paroled by Marshall. The loss of the enemy is reported to me by citizens living on their line of retreat at 7 killed and over 20 wounded. We took but 1 prisoner.

Marshall is now at Paintville, about 40 miles up the Sandy River from here. He has been joined since his retreat by 500 men under [A. J.] May and Janes, and will soon be strengthened by about 800 more, under [Benjamin E.] Caudill, from Breathitt County. The roads will soon be in condition so that he can move artillery, when he will move again on this place. Such is the latest information I have, which comes from sources that have heretofore proved truthful. I shall endeavor to be ready for him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio.

MARCH 27, 1863.-Skirmish on the Woodbury Pike, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2.-Major Charles B. Seidel, Third Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Baxter Smith, Fourth [Eighth] Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,March 27, 1863.

GENERAL: The cavalry you sent out to-day have had a fight with two regiments of cavalry near Burton's, on the Woodbury pike. Lost 1 officer and 10 men. Considerable loss to the enemy.

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Charles B. Seidel, Third Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION, THIRD OHIO VOL., CAV.,Readyville, March 28, 1863.

DEAR SIR: On the evening of March 27, I was ordered to take my battalion and advance on the Woodbury pike, to observe the enemy's movements, who was reported advancing on to our lines, and, if possible, to check his advance. I had advanced but a short distance on the

