
above-named pike when I ran against a squad of rebel cavalry, numbering about 50 men. I at once attacked them, and in a short time had them fleeing before me. I had driven them about 1 1/2 miles, when they were re-enforced. My advance had already engaged them, when I saw a force advancing on my left. I immediately gave orders to fall back. We had retired but a short distance when my advance gave me intelligence I was cut off. I immediately brought my men in line of battle, and at the same time was vigorously attacked by Colonel [Baxter] Smith, who commanded in person. We returned their fire, and, knowing that I had no time to lose whatever, gave the command to draw saber and charge, which was bravely done by my men. The enemy received our charge with their pistols, but being too vigorously attacked, fled in every direction. I then having accomplished my object, rallied my men and pursued the fleeing foe, when I saw the enemy's reserve charging down the pike on me; but, taking the offensive with a small number of men, I repulsed his charges three times, and, by falling back carefully, took all my men safely into camp, with the exception of 10 enlisted men and Lieutenant [S. J.] Hansey, of Company F, whom, I suppose, were captured by the enemy's reserve. We took about the same number of prisoners, including a major, but being too far from camp and not able to get re-enforcements, were obliged to give them up again.

The enemy's loss must have been very heavy, for I saw as many as 20 horses without riders. The rebel force, to the best of my judgment, numbered about 400 men, while I had only 65 men. My men deserve much praise for their bravery.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. B. SEIDEL,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel J. W. PARAMORE,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,April 1, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The gallant conduct of the major and his little command is commended. The attention of the general commanding is called to it. The question is raised whether these cavalrymen are altogether treated fairly. Could not an infantry support have saved us the loss of a lieutenant and 6 good men? It appears to me that cavalry patrols in a county of copse and thicket should be used with more discretion than they have been at the post of Readyville.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Baxter Smith, Fourth [Eighth] Tennessee Cavalry.

WOODBURY, March 27, 1863-11 a. m.

GENERAL: I moved out from camp this morning at 2 o'clock, on two roads, to attack the enemy's cavalry, who have been in the habit of sending scouts up the pike. Lieutenant-Colonel [Paul F.] Anderson drew the enemy out on the pike, and I fell in their rear with a squadron, and

