
we had a brisk skirmish with them for about on hour. We captured a first lieutenant and 12 or 15 men, and sent them to General Wheeler. They lost 1 killed and some wounded; I don't know the number. We followed them to within 1 mile of Readyville, and then returned slowly to camp. The amount of picketing and other duty leaves me but few men to operate with. I had 1 man wounded. Captain [J. M.] Phillips was taken prisoner and subsequently recaptured, after having his horse killed and having a slight saber scratch. Had several horses killed and wounded, myself. No other loss. No news from * * *

Yours, &amp;c.,

[BAXTER SMITH.]

Brigadier General J. A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Unionville.

P. S.-Captain [C. H.] Ingles desires that you send him on order for discharge for Private James A. Cole, of his company, who was detailed in the ordnance department January 20, 1862, at Knoxville, and has not been with the company since. Adjutant [M. H.] Royston suggested this course to Captain Ingles.

MARCH -, 1863.-Skirmish at Madisonville, Ky.

Report of Colonel John W. Foster, Sixty-fifth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Henderson, Ky., March 30, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant [G. W.] Carey, of my command, reports a company of 50 guerrillas in vicinity of Madisonville. He attacked them, and captured 6 of the party. I have out a force sufficient to drive them out. Guerrilla bands are increasing in my district. Am anxious that my horses should be send down as speedily as possible. I will be vigilant in preventing concentrating and organizing.

JOHN W. FOSTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE.

MARCH 31, 1863.-Skirmish near Franklin, Tenn.

Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

FRANKLIN, TENN., March 31, 1863.

GENERAL: Our cavalry moved out on the Lewisburg and Columbia pike to-day, encountering the rebels some 7 miles out, and, skirmishing for several hours, took 5 prisoners from them. I learn that Van Dorn is still in our front, and that a part of his force is somewhere on a scout. Can learn nothing of rebel movements in any quarter. Orders were given last night for cooking four days' rations for a scout. Jackson, Armstrong, and Cosby were in front to-day.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

General W. S. ROSECRANS.

