
rebel cavalry had moved toward Bradyville the day before on the same road. I reached there at 8 a. m., and found that the rebels had gone to Beech Grove without stopping. I then sent the cavalry (1,000 strong), under Colonel [R. H. G.] Minty, of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, from Bradyville, to strike the McMinnville road beyond Woodbury. I found no road practicable for artillery leading to Woodbury, except on that goes down a creek and strikes the Woodbury pike 2 1/2 miles from Readyville. After crossing over some very thought hill in trying to reach Woodbury from the south side, I was compelled to go back to the road leading direct from Bradyville to the Woodbury pike, and arrived at the pike at 2 p. m. Having learned 5 miles back that General palmer had driven the rebels from Woodbury in the morning, and had moved back to Readyville, I then moved up within 3 miles of Woodbury and bivouacked, waiting for the cavalry, which came in at 9 o'clock, have marched 21 miles from Bradyville before reaching Woodbury. They had captured 1 captain and 4 privates of [A.] Buford's cavalry at Woodbury, and fired upon and chased scouting party of rebels who were loitering about the place.

This morning, having no further order, I returned to camp at Murfreesborough, reaching here at 4 p. m. It was impossible to reach Woodbury sooner, as there is no road, except a bridle-path for neighborhood convenience in going to mill between Bradyville and Woodbury, entirely impracticable for my artillery. The country is rough and hilly, the hills covered with timber and generally rocky. Even the cavalry could not get across without going 21 miles. Inclosed find a sketch of the country and roads by which I traveled.*

The cavalry force had with them a topographical engineer, who will, doubtless, give a sketch of the roads traveled by them. The distance from Bradyville to Woodbury by any practicable route is 12 miles, and 8 miles to Readyville.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 5th Div., Center, 14th Army Corps.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and chief of Staff.

JANUARY 25, 1863.-Skirmish near Mill Creek, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Christopher J. Dickerson, Tenth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Sergt. Thomas Branch, Company I, Tenth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel John M. Harlan, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,La Vergne, Tenn., January 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I hereby submit a copy of the report of Captain [V.] Cupp, First Ohio Cavalry, commanding detachment of cavalry at this point,

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

