
MARCH 31-APRIL 1, 1863.-Skirmishes near Eagleville, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General James B. Steedman, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Triune, Tenn., April 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday, in a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry, the mounted battalion of the First Brigade had 4 men captured and 3 wounded. The loss of the enemy, it is believed, was fully equal to ours, but we have no means of knowing accurately what it was. This morning, supposing the enemy would increase his force and attempt to draw my men in, I ordered out two regiments of infantry, with a section of artillery, to march across the country from our camp, to strike the Shelbyville pike south of Eagleville, and sent 200 mounted men on the pike. Unfortunately, Colonel Walker approached the pike on the north side of Eagleville, immediately in front of a regiment of rebel cavalry, who were frightened off at the sight of the infantry. Had the colonel gone 1 mile farther before he approached the pike, as I directed him to do, the expedition would have been a success, and resulted in killing and capturing a large number of the enemy. Colonel Walker is not to blame, however, for the mistake. It occurred from a want of knowledge of the country. As it was, the enemy received an admonition that will make him more cautious in approaching our outposts. Colonel Walker pursued the enemy 2 miles south of Eagleville, and returned to camp without loss.

I sent a forage train of 120 wagons down the Harpeth 7 miles, with an escort of three regiments of infantry, a section of artillery, and a small body of cavalry. The expedition returned to camp at 5 o'clock, with all the wagons loaded, without seeing an enemy.

I sent 250 cavalry on the Chapel Hill pike as far as Riggs' Cross-Roads, and the officer in command reports having seen only a squad of 15 or 20 cavalry, who retreated rapidly in the direction of Chapel Hill.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

APRIL 1-8, 1863.-Expedition from Murfreesborough to Lebanon, Carthage, and Liberty, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John T. Wilder, Seventeenth Indiana Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

April 8, 1863-10 p. m.

Colonel Wilder's brigade went to Carthage; from thence returned, via Snow Hill and Liberty. Chased Wharton's brigade out of Smith-

