
ville. Captured his rear guard. Destroyed 5,000 bushels of wheat and a large quantity of bacon, and sends in about 350 horses and 70 or 80 prisoners. General Palmer went within 10 miles of McMinville, and ran the rebel cavalry, bringing in a number of prisoners. Van Dorn is at Springs Hill, and, it is said, means to attack Granger at Franklin tomorrow. We hope to make it expensive to the rebels.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John T. Wilder, Seventeenth Indiana Infantry, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 5TH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, April 9, 1863.

SIR: I have to report that, in obedience to orders received, I started with my command, consisting of the Seventeenth Indiana, Seventy-second Indiana, and Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lilly's fifth Indiana, One hundred and first Indiana, and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Infantry; in all about 2,500 men. Taking up the line of march 2 p. m. April 1, moved out the Lebanon pike to Stone's River, crossing on the pontoon bridge, kindly furnished me by Brigadier-General [J. St. C.] Morton, and went into camp for the night. Moved at 6 a. m., April 2, the infantry, with the battery, taking the pike for Lebanon, under command of Colonel Monroe, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, with the mounted force and the howitzers. I took the Las Casas and Cainsville road. At the latter point I communicated with Colonel Monroe, at Baird's Mills, on the Lebanon road, directing him to arrive at Lebanon at 5 p. m. Moved forward with my command, scouring the country for animals with good success; also capturing several prisoners. My party of scouts, Sergeant Birney with 7 men, found and engaged [J. M.] Phillips's rebel company, capturing 1 man and 8 Enfield rifles, killing 1 man and wounding several, and dispersing the company without loss on our part. Took three of Morgan's men, with their horses and arms, at the house of Esquire Doaks. Arrived on the Lebanon and Alexandria road at 4 p. m., 3 miles from town. Sent the Seventhy-second Indiana, under Major Carr, on the old or main road from Cainsville to Lebanon. Sent the Ninety-eight Illinois, Colonel Funkhouser, over on to the New Middleton road, retaining the Seventeenth Indiana with myself. All instructed to arrive in town at 5 p. m. The commands met on the public square, but found no enemy. The Seventeenth Indiana, going in, took two wagons laden with corn, on the road to Liberty, for the enemy. Went into camp for the night. Destroyed a small quantity of wheat and bacon collected for the enemy.

Friday morning, the 3rd instant, sent out parties to collect animals, which were highly successful, but marred by the loss of one man in the Ninety-eight Illinois, by the accidental discharge of a gun, rendering necessary the amputation of the thigh, from the effects of which he died.

Sent the Seventeenth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Jordan, to Rome, via Jennings' Fork, and in the afternoon the command, except the

