
I must be permitted to make mention of the readiness and alacrity which characterized the actions of each and every man in the command, and to report that all did their duty.

The fruits of the expedition are about 400 horses and mules, 194 negroes, and 88 prisoners of war, brought to camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. T. WILDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 2, 1863.-Expedition from Feadyville to Woodbury, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Isaac C. B. Suman, Ninth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Aquila Wiley, Forty-first Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 21ST ARMY CORPS,Readyville, Tenn., April 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the expedition made on the 2nd instant, under my command, to Woodbury:The expedition was to have consisted of Cruft's brigade, which should would enable me to put two columns in motion at 11 p. m., for the purpose of flanking and getting in the rear of Woodbury by daylight.

The brigade of Cruft's did not report till something after midnight, enabling me to start one column, composed of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers and Sixth Kentucky, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wiley, of the former regiment, at 1 a. m., which went to the right of Woodbury, and a column composed of the Ninth Indiana Volunteers and First Kentucky, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Suman, of the former regiment, at 1.30 a. m., to proceed to the left of Woodbury. The One hundred and tenth Illinois, under Colonel Casey, accompanied this column as far as the point on the map accompanying, marked A, where they were to turn to the right, and proceed cautiously to the Woodbury pike, in rear of the picket post of the enemy marked B, where 60 men were on picket, and remain concealed till the main column, composed of the Second Kentucky and Ninetieth Ohio, with Standart's battery and the Second Battalion of Third Ohio Cavalry, all commanded by Colonel Enyart, First Kentucky which started at 3 a. m., should have driven them on to the regiment, that would capture them. The delay of two hours in this brigade to report made it nearly that length of day before the different columns arrived at the points intended. The One hundred and tenth Illinois, in consequence, did not reach the pike in time to be of service. I, however, directed the cavalry to charge this post, which they did in fine style, sobering and capturing a dozen of this picket. We pushed on through the town, and came upon the main body of the enemy

