
at 6 (one regiment, [Baxter] Smith's cavalry, of about 600), drawn up to receive us, about 1 mile beyond.

Keeping my main column concealed, I permitted the advance to parry with him for about an hour, giving more time for the columns to get in position. I then pressed him forward, and about 4 miles from town, upon Willey's column. Upon seeing troops at this point, they at once scattered through the hills in all directions. The column all gained their positions promptly, correctly, and unknown to the enemy, marching about 16 miles to do so. Had I not been delayed two hours, the results of the day would probably have been much more satisfactory, as then my original plan, which was to capture entire their main picket and regulate the speed of all the columns so as to have gathered upon the camp at dawn, would have probably succeeded perfectly. As it is, I have to report 3 of the enemy killed (his wounded is not known), 25 prisoners, 50 horses, 4 wagons, 8 mules, with all their baggage and provisions. Colonel Suman captured one picket post almost entire, as did also Colonel Casey.

I have to speak in the highest terms of the battalion of the Third Ohio Cavalry, commanded by Major Seidel. A brigade of such cavalry, well mounted, armed with revolvers and sabers, would be invaluable. Colonel Suman reports to me that the First Kentucky, in command of Major---, straggled in going out, so as at one time to be a mile long, and detaining him nearly an hour. We returned to our camp at 12 m. See inclosed map, with routes of the columns.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac C. B. Suman, Ninth Indiana Infantry,
HEADQUARTERS NINTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Readyville, Tenn., April 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command, consisting of the Ninth Indiana Volunteers, Major Lasselle, One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Casey, and First Kentucky Volunteers, Major

------

, in the expedition against Woodbury on the 2nd instant:The Ninth Indiana moved at 1 a. m., followed by the One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteers. At half a mile from camp I was joined by the First Kentucky Volunteers, which I placed in the rear of the Ninth Indiana and in advance of the One hundred and tenth Illinois. I followed the Woodbury pike to the crossing of Louk's Creek; then turned to the left, and up the creek between its banks 4 or 5 miles. Finding that my guide did not know where Somers lived, that being the point where I was to leave the One hundred and tenth Illinois (where the Aubutn road crossed the one we were then on), I called up a citizen about 1 mile this side of where the roads crossed, and learned from him that the enemy had a picked post of 2 men on the east side of the road. Lieutenant [L. S.] Nickeson having command of the advance guard, dispatched 4 men with the guide, to go in their rear.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

