
the right, with the advance guard, rear guard, and flankers necessary to prevent surprise, and proceeded, according to instructions, about 3 miles east on the Woodbury pike; then took a road leading to the right, and passing about 2 1\2 miles south of Woodbury, and again striking the Woodbury and McMinnville pike 5 miles east of Woodbury. It was 6.30 o'clock in the morning when we reached the McMinnville pike, having marched 16 miles in six hours, about half the distance the road being the bed of a stream in which the water was about a foot deep. The moment our advance guard struck the McMinnville pike they met the advance guard of the rebel's retreating forces, who ran as soon as they discovered us. One entire company of the Sixth Kentucky was immediately deployed on each side of the road, two companies were held in column by platoon about 100 yards in rear, in the road, in reserve, and the rest of the regiment in line still farther to the rear, with skirmishers on the flanks, and the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers about 200 yards farther to the rear, in double column, with skirmishers on the flanks and a rear guard. In this manner we advanced about 100 yards, when we came on their train of 3 wagons, which they had abandoned, only succeeding in carrying off 1 mule.

The escort, consisting of about 30 cavalry, had fled across the fields. As we advanced we could see the rebels, in squads numbering from 5 to 10, retreating on the ridges and in the ravines, from one-fourth to one-half mile from the road. After proceeding in this manner about 2 miles, as the skirmishers were ascending a hill, two squads of rebel cavalry, one about 10 and another about 20 in number, appeared in quick succession on the brow of the hill, and were fired on by the skirmishers, killing 1 man and wounding 2 others, and killing and wounding 4 horses. The men who were uninjured fled down a ravine on the south side of the road, and were soon out of our reach. Our cavalry, who had attacked in front, now coming up, ended the affair. Two of the captured wagons we brought with us, having first transferred to them part of the load of the third, which we had to abandon. Two men of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers and 2 men of the Sixth Kentucky fell out of the ranks from exhaustion during the night, and have not returned. Officers and men deserve great credit for the cheerfulness and good order with which they marched six hours at the top of their speed, without rest, over a rough and difficult road. The duties of the advance, rear guards, and flankers were especially fatiguing.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

AQUILA WILLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-first Ohio Volunteers.

Major R. L. KIMBERLY

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 2, 1863.--Skirmish on the Carter Creek Pike, Tenn.

Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

FRANKLIN, April 2, 1863.

GENERAL: Our cavalry made a small haul to-day; two lieutenants, 8 prisoners, and killed 1 captain and private.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS.

