
APRIL 2-6, 1863.-Reconnaissance from near Murfreesborough to Auburn, Liberty, Snow Hill, Cherry Valley, Statesville, Cainsville, and Lebanon, and skirmishes (April 3) at Snow Hill, or Smith's Ford, and Liberty, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Williams S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Colonel James W. Paramore, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel Douglas A. Murray, Third Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 5-Colonel Eli Long, Fourh Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 6-Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, of affair at Liberty, April 3, 1863.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

April 6, 1863-4.45 p. m.

General Stanley has returned from his scout, bringing in some 40 or 50 prisoners and 300 serviceable horses and mules. He drove Morgan's cavalry from the Peninsula, whipped them from their stronghold, Snow Hill, north of Smithville, and, but for their precipitate retreat and the difficult nature of the country, would have had a force in their rear and captured their artillery and animals. The enemy left quite a number of dead, and fled toward McMinnville, losing many horses, saddles, and guns.

Report will be forwarded by mail. I trust our cavalry will soon begin to show its virtue in a way the rebels will not relish.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Mintry, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near Murfreesborough, April 8, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 2nd instant I marched with my brigade, consisting of Lieutenant Neewell's section, 1 officer and 38 men; Seventh Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Park, 11 officers and 210 men; First Middle Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel GAlbraith, 9 officers and 130 men; Tenth Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Smith, 24 officers

