
and 398 men; brigade staff and provost guard, 5 officers and 23 men. Total, 68 officers and 1,037 men.

Taking the advance on the Liberty pike, I met the enemy's pickets near Auburn, and drove them to Prosperity Church, where I found the enemy in force, and showing a bold front. I directed Colonel Paramore, with the Second Brigade, to cross Smith's Creck and meet a force that was moving up the left bank of that creek to attack our flank, and directed him to throw his left well forward, and to move down the creek until he arrived in line with my advance on the right bank. I dismounted one company of the Fourth Michigan, and directed them to dislodge the enemy's sharpshooters from the woods in our front, which duty was performed in good style by Captain [J. C.] Hathaway.

Major-General Stanley, having now come up, ordered the artillery to the front, and the enemy fell back.

April 3, advanced on Liberty, the First Brigade again in advance; drove a small force from near Prosperity Church to Liberty, where the enemy was discovered in force, and holding a strong position on the opposite side of the river, with the hill back of Liberty covered with sharpshooters.

The Second Brigade having been sent across the river higher up, effectually turned the enemy's flank, and caused them to retreat rapidly in the direction of Snow Hill. I followed closely. When about three-quarters of a mile from the base of the hill they took position, and attempted to make a stand, opening on us with four pieces of artillery, I pushed forward to the attack, the Seventh Pennsylvania directly up the road, the Fourth Michigan through the fields to the right, the artillery, Tenth Ohio, and First Middle Tennessee following the Seventh Pennsylvania. I dismounted the Fourth Michigan and placed them in the woods, on a rough hillside, close to the rebel position, on which they opened fire with telling effect. I now directed the Seventh Pennsylvania to charge. The enemy fired a volley and retreated on the run.

The enemy had now fallen back to their stronghold, on Snow Hill, and the general ordered up the infantry. As soon as they had taken position, he directed me to move about 1 1\2 miles up Dry Creek. Shortly after this the enemy fell back from the hill, and a little before dark I marched back to Liberty, and went into camp for the night.

April 4, marched to Alexandria, my brigade taking the rear. Bivouacked at Cherry Valley for the night.

April 5, the Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania crossed the country toward Statesville, and joined me near Baird's Mills the same night.

With First Middle Tennessee, Tenth Ohio, and artillery, I took the advance, and, when within a few miles of Lebanon, heard that there was a small force at that place; went forward at a gallop, and captured 7 of Morgan's men.

Camped for the night near Baird's Mills. The Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan brought in 10 prisoners.

April 6, returned to camp. arriving at 8 p. m.

My casualties were 1 enlisted man of the Fourth Michigan taken prisoner.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel., Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. H. SUNCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Cavalry.

