
containing all the information gained by his scouts with regard to the enemy in this vicinity:

LA VERGNE, January 25, 1863.

A train of cars were attacked one-half mile this side of Antioch this morning. Two crass were burned; 55 prisoners captured and paroled by the enemy-a cavalry force under command of Forrest. The force at Mill Creek Bridge came to relieve the train, and succeeded in saving the locomotive and several cars. This force is estimated at about 2,000, and it is supposed that they have returned toward Franklin.

[V.] CUPP,

Captain First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

As soon as I heard that the enemy were in this vicinity I ordered all the trains on the road to Nashville to halt here until I had ascertained the facts in the case. Brigadier-General Stanley came here about 12 o'clock m., and, on consultation with him, permitted the trains to proceed on their way to Nashville, first, however, causing the men who were riding in the wagons to get out and form in the front, rear, and center of the trains. In addition to this guard, I sent one regiment and one piece of artillery from my command to escort them 4 or 5 miles, and return to-night. Everything indicates that the enemy have gone in the direction of Franklin.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA VERGNE, January 26, 1863.

SIR: At daylight this morning I left here with three regiments of infantry (Fourth Kentucky, Tenth Kentucky, and Seventy-fourth Indiana), a section of Southwick's battery, and the cavalry detachments sent from Murfreesborough last night, increased by Captain Cupp's company, First Ohio Cavalry, on duty here, and marched toward Concord enemy was found. I halted the infantry at the church, and sent the cavalry down the pike to Nolensville. No enemy was found there, and I do not believe that there is any enemy at this time within reach.

Upon their trip of to-day I ascertained the following facts, upon which, I think, you may place reliance, viz: Saturday night two brigades of rebel cavalry, numbering between 3,000 and 4,000 men, with eight pieces of artillery, came from the direction of Franklin, and halted at Concord Church. The force was Wheeler's old brigade and Forrest's old bridge, temporarily under the command of [James W.] Starnes. I saw where the whole force encamped. During the night a force was detached from the main body of the enemy, no exceeding 1,000 and not less than 500, and sent to Antioch, near the railroad, where a small construction train was attacked and about 25 prisoners taken; but little damage done to the train; the locomotive and the main body of the cars were not hurt. The remainder of the force at Mill Creek Bridge, Numbers 3, came out of their stockade and went to the assistance of the small party with the train. The enemy retired in some haste.

It so happened that on yesterday I ordered the small cavalry squad here to be divided, and sent at daylight on all the different roads leading to the Nolensville [pike]. Those patrols came upon the flankers of the force going to antioch at several points, fired upon them, and

