
that the number was greater, though it was almost impossible to obtain accurate information. Several of their wounded were picked up in the road and in the thicket, and carried to neighboring houses by the Tenth Ohio, which had now come up and reported to me through the commanding officer. The consternation of the enemy must have been as great as his flight was rapid, for the route was strewn with arms, and accouterments, and clothing, and I am the more convinced that a large number was wounded from the quantity of saddles who found scattered in every direction.

After halting on the hill for an hour, to rest my horses, and also in expedition of further orders from the general commanding, I returned toward Liberty to join the main command, and went into camp this side the intersection of the Auburn road. Picketed my front and left flank with two companies.

On the 4th, I moved forward with the column, passing through Alexandria, where I found and seized a Government wagon, which had been captured from the Union forces some time since. From Alexandria, having the right of the column, I moved out the Carthage road, according to orders received, a distance of about 3 or 4 miles, when a portion of Colonel Wilder's command was met, coming from Carthage, and orders then reached me to countermarch and return to Alexandria. From the latter place I moved in rear of the First Cavalry Brigade, on the Lebanon pike, and camped, about 5 p. m., 1 1\2 miles from the village of Cherry Valley, where was found an abundance of forage, belonging to a rebel family. Threw out two companies to my front at the village, and one company on the bluff to my left, as picket.

On the morning of the 5th, I moved my command shortly after daylight, and prepared to scout the country between this pike and the Lebanon and Murfreesborough pike, with the consent and approval of the general commanding, who added to my command for this purpose the Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania Regiments. The Seventh Pennsylvania was then sent across the country to the left, to move through Statesville and Painesville [Cainsville?]. They were ordered to throw out a line of skirmishers to their front, to arrest all guerrillas and suspicious parties, and to take serviceable horses and mules wherever found. The Fourth Michigan was ordered to move to the right of the Seventh Pennsylvania, with similar instructions, their line of skirmishers to connect on the left with those on the right of the Seventh Pennsylvania. After moving down the pike about 1 mile farther, I sent out the Third Ohio, their right to move on a line with the left of the Fourth Ohio, whose column was to move in parallel line about 2 miles nearer Lebanon. By this disposition of forces my line of skirmishers took in some 12 miles of country, and each column was in supporting distance of the others, in case of trouble. I myself, with staff, accompanied the Third Ohio Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Murray commanding. All were instructed to regulate their movements so as to be able to report in the evening at Baird's Mills, 9 miles from Lebanon. Not having the official reports of commanding officers of the two regiments of the First Brigade, I am unable to give the result of their expedition. The Third and Fourth Ohio Regiments, of my brigade, succeeded in capturing and seizing 110 horses, most of them known to have belonged to guerrillas or other parties in the Confederate service, 33 mules, and 22 prisoners. Some of the latter were afterward released, nothing appearing against them, and the remainder were, by the brigade provost-marshall, turned over to the infantry. Encamped near Baird's Mills.

