
On the 6th instant, we moved with the entire command toward Murfreesborough, crossing Stone's River by easy ford. Arrived at camp at 2 o'clock p. m.

Respectfully submitting the above, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

J. W. PARAMORE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade,

Per WM. E. CRANE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant Adjutant-General.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

Nol 4.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Douglas A. Murray, Third Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD OHIO CAVALRY,Camp Stanley, Tenn, April 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the colonel commanding, that, in compliance with instructions received, the regiment left camp on the morning of the 2nd instant, with five days' rations, and proceeded with the brigade on the Liberty pike as far as Prosperity Church, the advance of the First Brigade driving in the enemy's pickets. When the Third Ohio arrived at the church, they were ordered to the left, throwing out a line of skirmishers, the enemy being supposed endeavoring to come around on that flank. I formed the line with the left thrown back, advancing obliquely to the front, pushing the enemy's pickets on their reserve, about a mile distant, drawn up in line of battle to receive us. I ordered the left of my line of skirmishers forward, thereby advancing our entire line and reserve direct upon the enemy, who, I should judge, numbered from 100 to 150. As we advanced they fell back, not attempting to offer fight. The regiment still advancing, I received orders to halt and keep my position, if possible, which we did, till ordered to forage and return to camp.

April 3, left camp, scouring the country to the left of the pike for about 4 miles, when we turned to the left, getting upon the Alexandria and Lebanon pike leading into the Liberty pike, on which we proceeded some distance; then turned to the right, and scoured the country on the right of Liberty to within 2 or 3 miles of Snow Hill. From this point we kept still more to the right, availing ourselves of a bridle-path to the summit of a high hill, which, after descending, brought us on a flat to the left and front of Snow Hill, where we halted and formed, the enemy firing a few shots from the top of the hill opposite.

From this point we crossed the McMinnville road, mounted another high and steep hill, which really was achieved with difficulty. Now being in rear of Snow Hill, we advanced toward the Liberty pike to the rear of the enemy, proceeding but a short distance, when our advance was attacked in force. The Fourth Ohio Cavalry, being in advance, was immediately ordered to fight on foot and advance, which it did well. The Third Ohio was ordered to the front as a reserve, mounted. The enemy retiring, we were ordered to the front, charging and pursuing them fully a mile, killing some (number unknown) and taking 12 prisoners.

During the pursuit the enemy made two stands, but of no effects; we drove them as before. They getting behind a very thick cover, in which

