
they were entirely concealed from view, and there being a large field between ourselves and them with fences between at each end of it, and they, from ambush, keeping up a heavy fire upon us, I withdrew, hoping it would draw them out, which, however, did not succeed as I expected. I left a small rear guard, on which a few of them advanced, who, when they turned upon then coming up, we formed with them.

During the pursuit 2 of our men were wounded, one severely, Sergeant [William] Van Worner, Company C, and Private Saltzgaher, Company I, slightly.

We fell back to Liberty, and encamped about 4 miles this side of it. April 4, left camp and proceeded to Alexandria, and from there about 1 mile on the Carthage road, when we countermarched and returned to Alexandria, and took the Lebanon pike and encamped. Remaining there about three hours, again resumed the line of march, about 5 miles farther on, where we encamped.

From this place I sent out, in compliance with instructions, in pursuit of some guerrillas who had fired at the advance guard and fled. The officer commanding the squadron sent Captain [J. B.] Luckey, who made every search possible for them, but without success, and returned to camp, after four hours' hard riding.

April 5, left camp and proceeded on the Lebanon pike but a short distance, when we were ordered to the left, to scour across the country in search of guerrillas, meat, provisions, horses, mules, &amp;c., toward Baird's Mills. I deployed three companies as skirmishers to the right and left, connecting with the Fourth Ohio on their right and the Fourth Michigan on their left. We made several captures; in all 29 prisoners, 53 horses, and 17 mules. The prisoners, on our arrival at camp, I turned over to the brigade provost-marshal, several of whom have been released, whom no charges could be brought against. Encamped on the night of the 5th at Baird's Mills.

April 6, returned to camp. Stone's River fordable, with not over 2 feet of water at the deepest part of the ford. During the scout our horses had ample forage, and I am happy to state that the conduct of both officers and men of the regiment was highly creditable to them.

Respectfully submitted.

D. A. MURRAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Ohio Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Cavalry Brigade, Camp Stanley, Tenn.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Stanley, near Murfreesborough, April 6, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to instruction from headquarters Second Cavalry Brigade, I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 5th instant, I was ordered to scour the country between Chop Spring, Tenn., and Baird's Mills, Tenn., in a direction parallel to and at a distance of 2 or 3 miles from the Lebanon and Liberty pike, and to get all animals that would be of service to the United States Government, and to gather what information I could of the enemy. I found and brought away 57

