
horses and 16 mules, and I also found and delivered to the brigade commander 5 prisoners, one a purveyor of commissary stores, in the employ of the rebel Government; 1 a rebel prisoner, paroled at Perryville, but never exchanged, and the other 3 citizens, all under suspicious circumstances. I could learn nothing of any enemy in force.

Very respectfully,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM E. CRANE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 6. Report of Major General Joseph wheeler, C. S. Army, of affair at Liberty, April 3, 1863.

McMinnville, Tenn., April 3, 1863.

COLONEL: The enemy attacked Colonel [R. M.] Gano, commanding [J. H.] Morgan's division, at Liberty this morning, and compelled him to fall back to Snow Hill, a distance of 5 miles. Colonel Gano reports the enemy to be 8,000 strong. Our loss light.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 5, 1863.-Skirmish at Davis' Mill, Tenn.

Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

FRANKLIN, TENN., April 5, 1863-10.40 a. m.

GENERAL: The rebels attempted to surround a company on picket at Davis'Mill at daylight this morning. All escaped and have got in except 8. Our men report the strength of rebels at about 3,000; that they moved on the north. Nothing has molested Brentwood up to this moment, which leads me to believe that it was only an expedition sent out to capture the company at Davis' Mill, and get back to their main body as quickly as possible. At Brentwood and this place all is ready. Have you any news?

Very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

General W. S. ROSECRANS.

APRIL 6, 1863.-Skirmish near Green Hill, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army, commanding at Nashville.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I left here yesterday with about 400 cavalry and mounted infantry, for the purpose of cleaning out the Stone's River country.

