
Crossed Stone's River at Stewart's Ferry, traveling in the direction of Lebanon; 12 miles from there struck the Lebanon pike east of Green Hill; surprised the conscripting camp near Green Hill, commanded by Captain [William P.] Bandy, of the Eighteenth Tennessee; killed 5, captured 15, including Bandy and a lieutenant belonging to Morgan's command. The enemy were not sufficiently concentrated to make the expedition a complete success. I traveled over 50 miles, and returned last night at 11 o'clock; had 1 man and 2 horses wounded. I also captured a small rebel mail. I burned a still-horse, used as a rendezvous for rebel recruiting, containing forty casks of different kinds of poison, in the shape of whisky, high wines, malt liquors, &amp;c.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS.

ADDENDA.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 7, 1863.

Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, Nashville:

Accept my thanks for your spirited and successful expedition to the "Cedars of Lebanon." Only one complaint to make. Some of your cavalry officers ought to have snap enough to do such things without troubling you to command in person.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

APRIL 7-11, 1863.-Wheeler's raid on Louisvile and Nashville and Nashville and Chattanooga Railroads, including affair (April 10) at Antioch Station, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Army, of raid on Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

Numbers 2.-Colonel George P. Este, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry, of affair at Antioch Station, Tenn.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Christopher J. Dickerson, Tenth Michigan Infantry, of affair at Antioch Station, Tenn.

Numbers 4.-General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

Numbers 5.-Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General John A. Wharton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Army, of raid on Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

GALLATIN, April 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I will have 1,000 men at Lebanon to-morrow morning at daylight. The attack on the train was made at 4 o'clock p. m. yesterday, with three pieces of artillery, I think Parrott guns. The battery was across Cumberland River, about 700 yards from the railroad track. The first shot knocked off the dome of the locomotive, the next went through the boiler, one shot broke out a spoke in one of the driving-wheels. Two men very dangerously wounded. Thirty-five shots were

