
no rebel cavalry to the south of Lebanon or west of Liberty. Upon the day of the attack my patrols had failed to discover any signs of the rebel forces. I have since learned that they left Lebanon the morning of the day they did attack, and only reached the place of disaster ten minutes before the train arrived. From all the evidence, I am led to believe that they neither placed any obstructions upon the track nor displaced any rails prior to the attack, but that the tender and cars were thrown off the track by the too sudden reversal of the engine for the purpose of running back.

I am now sending upon each day, as far as Jantioch, a full regiment of infantry in the freight train in ra\ear of the passenger train going to Nashville. I have two lines of cavalry patrols, extending from La Vergne down 7 miles, but, in order to be better able to guard against such disasters, I ought to have more cavalry or mounted men. I would, therefore, respectfully suggest the concentration of the regiment of cavalry now divided between Stewart's Creek and La Vergue at this point. Each detachment is too weak to do much by itself, whilst, if together, it might effect much good.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. ESTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT, A. A. G., and Chief of Staff.]

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, April 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The suggestion for concentration of cavalry at La Vergne is approved and recommended.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Christopher J. Dickerson, Tenth Michigan Infantry, of affair at Antioch Station, Tenn.

HDQRS. TENTH Regiment MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Nashville, April 13, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 10th instant, 40 privates and 4 non-commissioned and 2 commissioned officers were detailed from this regiment to guard a train on the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad, from this city to Murfreesborough and return. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the train, while on its return trip, 4 miles this side of La Vergne, was suddenly attacked by guerrillas, numbering from 200 to 300, who were secreted in a dense grove of cedars, completely covering them from view. Simultaneously with the attack the train was thrown from the track, in consequence of two of the rails being slightly displaced. The guards were stationed upon the top of some passenger cars and upon one platform car, and were under the command of Lieutenant Frank M. Vanderburgh. The suffered severely from the first volley fired by the rebels, a number being killed and wounded. After having discharged their pieces at the guerrillas, they jumped, as quickly as possible, from the cars upon the ground, on the opposite side from the point of attack. Protecting themselves as well as possible by the cars, they held the train for some minutes, continually firing at the enemy. Being over

