
powered by greatly superior numbers, they were compelled to give up the train, and, falling back a short distance, made a stand behind a fence, where they repulsed a party of rebels who were pursuing them.

Here Lieutenant Vanderburgh, who had previously received two wounds, was again shot and completely disabled. The command of the party then devolved upon Lieutenant H. Walter Nichols, who, seeing there was no possibility of saving the train, retreated with his men in good order to the first stockade this side of La Vergue. Here he was re-enforced by about 15 men, who were stationed at the stockade. He then moved his men back to the point where the train had been thrown from the track. The rebels had captured the mail and express matter on board, and had set on fire all the cars, together with the engine and tender. The fire, however, had done very little damage to the engine, and the same was saved. Lieutenant Nichols gathered up the wounded, who were taken to some houses near by and made as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. A surgeon connected with the army, whose name I have been unable to learn, was on the train at the time of the attack, and rendered very efficient service in providing for the wounded. Six rebels were found dead near the point of attack, and a number are known to have been wounded.

The following is a list of casualties to the party detailed from this regiment:*

Considering all the circumstances attending the foregoing attack upon said train, and the large number killed and wounded, no less than 18 out of 46 officers and men, the conclusion is irresistible that both officers and men behaved with conspicuous bravery.

Respectfully submitted.

C. J. DICKERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel CHARLES M. LUM,

Commanding First Brigadier, Fourth Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 4. Report of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

TULLAHOMA, April 13, 1863.

GENERAL: General Wheeler reports from Lebanon, 11th instant:

I divided my command into two parties, and made a raid upon the Louisville and Nashville and Nashville and Murfreesborough Railroads, capturing a large train on each, and many officers and men.

Portions of Wharton's and Morgan's cavalry division composed his command.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General S. Cooper.

Numbers 5. Report of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Lebanon, April 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that on approaching Liberty the enemy, consisting of Wilder's and Matthews' infantry brigades and

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 6 men killed and 12 wounded.

---------------

