
this probably induced the enemy to believe that a force was getting into their rear, and hence their sudden exit. The rebels who attacked the train returned to Concord Church by 9.30 or 10 o'clock int he day, and the entire force here immediately left, went to Nolensville, and from that point, it is believed, went in the direction of Shelbyville. They had all left Concord Church by 11 or 12 o'clock in the day.

The train attacked seems to be a train which stays this side of Mill Creek Bridge, Numbers 3; was cut off from Nashville by the destruction of that bridge, which is not yet rebuilt.

The force which came out form Nashville last night returned early this morning. I do not return to camp until late this afternoon.

Some of the rebel officers and men were heard to say upon heir arrival at Concord Church that they were en route to attack La Vergne. If they entertained such a purpose it was abandoned from some cause; probably because they learned that we were to some extent entrenched here.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN M. HALRAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Center.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Center.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Christopher J. Dickeron, Tenth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOL. INFANTRY,Nashville, January 30, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with order previously received, there have been detailed from this regiment 25 privates, 2 corporals, and 1 sergeant, who are stationed at Bridge Numbers 3, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, about 9 miles distant from this city. On the 25th instant, about 10 a. m., an engine, with a number of cars attached, was started from Bridge Numbers 3., in the direction of La Vergne, having on board the train between 25 and 30 men, acting as a train guard. After moving out about 1 1/2 miles, the cars were suddenly thrown from the track, in consequence of one of the rails having been slightly removed from its place.

An attack was immediately made upon the train by a band of guerrillas, numbering from 100 to 150, said to be a part of Dick McCann's force. The train guard was captured and an effort made to burn the cars and engine. Sergt. Thomas Branch, with his squad of men detailed from this regiment, hearing firing in the direction of the train, quickly started with his men to relieve the train, if possible. Upon arriving in sight of the train, about 40 rebels were observed in the act of setting the cars and engine on fire with some rails which they had collected for that purpose. Sergeant Branch, getting his men into position, moved up near the train and fired a volley at the car-burners, who immediately broke and run for their horses, which were hitched to a fence a short distance off. After recapturing the train and driving the enemy for some distance, the engine and cars were run back to Bridge Numbers 3.

Sergeant Branch and the men under his command are entitled to much credit for the manner in which they behaved on this occasion.

