
the train ran off, a heavy fire was directed against the confused mass struggling for life and extrication, and in a few moments, with a charge, the train was ours. Eleven officers were brought prisoners here, and some others, with 150 men, were paroled, while 75 or 80 were killed or wounded. Fifty or sixty of our own men, captured near Liberty, were retaken, and much express and mail matter brought away. I send you the mail bag, the only one brought away, thinking you may find something of interest in it; also some late papers.

After getting through with the mail, you will please forward it to the editor of the Chattanooga Rebel, with my compliments. I will communicate with you from time to time as anything of interest occurs.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Polk's Corps.

P. S.-A large amount of greenbacks were captured.

APRIL 10, 1863.-Engagement at Franklin, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Army of Kentucky.

Numbers 3.-Captain Charles G. Matchett, Fortieth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 4.- Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Captain James B. McIntyre, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Josiah B. Park, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant Colonel William B. Sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Reuben C. Couch, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant Colonel Oliver P. Robie, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 10.- Colonel Daniel M. Ray, Second Tennessee Cavalry, commanding Third Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 11.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 12.-Return of Casualties in the Confederate forces.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 11, 1863-5 p. m.

The following dispatch was received about midnight:

FRANKLIN, April 10, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Van Dorn made his promised attack to-day at 1 o'clock directly in front and on the town. An infantry regiment on guard and in town, with the cavalry pickets, held him at bay until their ammunition was exhausted. The dense smoke and atmosphere favored their operations, enabling them to approach very near without our being able to observe them. Our siege guns and light batteries opened upon them with murder-

