
Ohio) hands-except the horses he took with him, the greater part of his killed and wounded. His total loss may be safely estimated at 150 in killed and wounded.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. MATCHETT,

Captain, Commanding Fortieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel S. D. ATKINS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Army of Kentucky.

Numbers 4. Report of Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 16, 1863.

GENERAL: Upon the 9th day of this month I marched a cavalry force of 1,600 men, composed of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Captain McIntyre; part of the First Brigade-the Fourth Michigan, the Seventh Pennsylvania, and two companies of the First Middle Tennessee, Colonel Sipes-the Second East Tennessee, Colonel Ray; three companies of the Third Indiana, Colonel Klein, and two pieces of artillery, Lieutenant Newell, to scout the country to Triune, and thence to Franklin, to give General Granger such assistance as he might require in his operations against Van Dorn.

The Second Brigade took the direct Franklin road; the remainder of the command the Bole Jack road. Our camp was made this night o'clock on the succeeding morning I reached Franklin, camping my troops on the Murfreesborough road, at the brick church, 4 miles east of Franklin. At about 2.30 o'clock a continuous fire to the front of Franklin, on the Columbia pike, indicated that the enemy was making an attack in force. It was some time after the firing commenced before General Granger could believe the enemy would have the temerity to attack, but this was soon decided by the enemy boldly charging into the town.

The regiment on duty in the place (the Fortieth Ohio) fought well, and killed nearly all the enemy that came into the village. As soon as I saw that the attack was in force, I immediately ordered a counter-attack by the way of the ford at Hughes' Mill and the Lewisburg pike. The road, after crossing the ford, divides, one fork, the right one, reaching the pike about 1 mile from the ford; the other, the left, 1 1\2 miles from the same point. The Second Brigade was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Robie, and supported by the Second East-Tennessee, Colonel Ray, and a detachment of the Third Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, supporting. On the left-hand road the Fourth Regular Cavalry moved. This last column soon became engaged, and, charging promptly, dispersed a great part of Forrest's division, taking his battery of six pieces and some 300 prisoners.

Just at this moment a contraband came to me, and told me he had just escaped from the enemy on the Columbia road, and that Van Dorn was moving between myself and Franklin with 4.000 men. This could not be allowed, and I sent the Fourth Kentucky, which had come to my support, and Colonel Sipes, with two pieces of artillery, to watch Ewing's Ford, where Van Dorn purposed crossing. The enemy were already attempting the ford, but were soon-driven.

