
At this juncture I sent the Fourth Michigan to support Captain McIntyre; but after holding the captured battery for one hour, he was obliged to cut the spokes and cripple the battery as he best could, and retire to the ford, being surrounded and attacked on all sides. He thought off a good part of his prisoners. In the mean time the force on the right-hand road was severely engaged, and drove the enemy back in three charges they made to gain the ford. Night was now upon us, and General Granger sending me world he could support me, I again advanced, but fearing our columns firing into each other in the darkness, remained on the ground until morning.

The enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and missing, on the flank the cavalry attacked upon, was not less than 150; among these some of their best officers. Not keeping their battery was much to be regretted, but the limbers and caissons were run off and the cavalry had no means of moving the guns.

On the 11th, we cared for our wounded.

On the 12th, returned to this place.

Where all the officers and men behaved well, I find it difficult to name the deserving. To do so would be simply to recount the names of all the officers of my staff, of commanders of brigades and regiments, and they in turn the subordinates of their commands. From the circumstances, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry did the most gallant service. The report of Captain McIntyre is called to the attention of the general commanding. Two gallant officers, old soldiers, were dangerously wounded in this regiment, leading their companies-Lieutenants Healy and Simson, the former, it is feared, mortally.

Inclosed please find list of casualties and sketch of ground.*

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

(Inclosure.)

Return of Casualties in the engagement near Franklin, Tenn., April 10, 1863.

Wounded. Total.

Command	 Men	 Officer	 Men	 Men	 Officer	 Men.

 killed.	 s	 	 taken	 s

 	 	 	 prisone

 	 	 	 rs.

Second	 2 	 ...	 6	 ...	 ...	 8

Cavalry

Brigade

Third	 1	 ...	 6	 ...	 ...	 7

CAvalry

Brigade

4th U.	 3 	 2 	 5	 17	 2	 25

S.

Cavalry

Total	 6	 2	 17	 17	 2	 40

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain James B. McIntyre, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, April 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 10th of April, 1863, while in camp 4 miles from Franklin, Tenn., at 1.30 p. m. I received orders from

---------------

*Sketch not found.

---------------

