
give them, especially Captain McCormick, who wheeled my rear companies to attack the overwhelming numbers that attacked me in my rear and right, and to Lieutenant Ingerton for the gallant manner in which he led his squadrons over the battery, and driving the enemy before him for upward of a mile. Lieutenant Rendlebrock accompanied Lieutenant Ingerton's squadron, and was conspicuous for his gallantry-always in front doing his duty, as a gallant officer should. Lieutenant Hedges, who immediately followed up the charge, breaking off to the right of the pike and charging a regiment stationed on a commanding position and utterly routing them in every direction, continuing the charge to the left, and cutting his way back to the regiment through a line of dismounted cavalry in the most perfect order in a column of fours, and every man in his proper place. Lieutenants Roys, Fletcher, McCafferty, and Simson behaved gloriously; always cool and collected. In fact, I have not sufficient language to thank the officers and men of my brave and gallant regiment.

Inclosed please find a list of the casualties of the regiment,* and a sketch+ showing my position and that of the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MCINTYRE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah B. Park, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp Minty, April 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to hand you the following report of the expedition to Franklin:

Thursday, April 9, I left camp, with 175 men and officers, at 6 a. m.; formed on the Wilkinson pike, and reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, commanding the First Cavalry Brigade. Marched direct to Petersburg, by way of Tiune; went into camp for the night.

April 10, was called out at 1 a. m.; moved forward at daylight. At 9 a. m. fed and groomed the horses near the stone church, 4 miles above Franklin. About noon heard brisk firing at Franklin. About 2 p. m. moved forward to a ford on the river about 3 miles above Franklin; was immediately ordered to the ford about 1 mile below, where we formed line in rear of Newell's battery. A few minutes after, General Stanley ordered me back to the ford we had just left, to support the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, which was reported to have captured a battery of four guns and several prisoners. I galloped back toward the ford. When within about 600 yards of the river, I met the Fourth U. S. Cavalry returning. Captain McIntyre informed me that the battery had been retaken by the enemy, and that they were then advancing. I immediately formed a line on the right of the road, dismounted the regiment to fight on foot, and advanced toward the river, and formed line behind a fence covering the ford. I immediately reported my position to General Stanley, and received his order to remain where I was. About an hour after,

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 killed, 7 wounded, and 14 missing. +Not found.

---------------

