
by order of the general, I advanced to the bank of the river, mounted one battalion (Captain Totten's), crossed the creek, and advanced to the front until I met General Baird's brigade. I then reported to General Stanley, and was ordered by him to recross the river, get forage, and go into camp.

April 11, at 8 a. m., I was ordered by Captain Sinclair, assistant adjutant-general of General Stanley's staff, to support a section

of Miller's (Chicago) battery. I also reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, then on my right supporting Newell's battery. Remained at this place until next morning about 9 o'clock. We then took up the line of march to Murfreesborough, under command of Colonel Minty, Fourth Michigan, in advance. Nothing of importance occurred during the day; encamped at Stewart's Creek, on Bole Jack road.

April 14, marched at 6 a. m.; arrived at Murfreesborough at 10 o'clock countermarched, and went to Florence; stopped, and returned to this camp at 5 p. m.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant JOSEPH G. VALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY,Camp. Stanley, April 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at daylight, on the morning of the 9th instant, I marched from this camp, temporarily in command of the First Cavalry Brigade, consisting of the Fourth Michigan, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Paine [J. B. Park], the Seventh Pennsylvania and two companies of the First Battery of Ohio Volunteer Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Newell.

The brigade marched by way of the Wilkinson turnpike and the Bole Jack road to Triune, where it joined the cavalry forces under the immediate command of Major-General Stanley. That evening the command bivouacked at Petersburg, and on the following morning moved toward Franklin. When within about 4 miles of the latter point, at about noon, a porion of our forces became engaged with the rebels, and the First Brigade was pushed forward to hold an important ford (McEwing's) on the Harpeth River. We remained in this position for some time, when the Fourth Michigan Regiment was ordered to the support of our forces actively engaged with the enemy near the ford, at Height's [Hughes'?] Mill, about 1 mile distant.

The remaining porion of the brigade continued in position until near sundown, when I was ordered by General Stanley to cross the river and move cautiously up the Lewisburg turnpike, to ascertain the position and movements of the enemy. After advancing about 1 mile in the direction indicated, we came in range of the enemy's fire, and proceeded to reconnoiter their position. The force in front of us was posted in a dense wood, on the summit of a rocky hill, to the east of the turnpike.

