
To approach them, it was necessary to pass over an open ascent a distance of several hundred yards, which was intersected with strong stone fences, and similar obstructions lined both sides of the road.
The ground was not accessible for cavalry, and my command was too small to permit any portion of it to be dismounted. After observing the enemy for some time, they delivering a scattering fire at us, which did no execution, I deemed it prudent to fall back to the artillery, which had been left with a support of only 50 men. On the road we,et with a heavy detachment of infantry and artillery from Franklin, commanded by Brigadier General Baird.

I explained to the general, as near as I could, the position of the enemy, and returned in advance of his column to my former position, within range of the rebel rifles. Here I remained until about 9 o'clock at night, General Baird's forces not advancing, when I received an order to rejoin the artillery at McEnwing's, and bivouac for the night, which order was obeyed.

The following morning, the Seventh Pennsylvania and First Tennessee Cavalry and Newell's artillery moved, by order of General Stanley, to Height's [Hughes'?] Mill, where we again bivouacked, in company with the Second Brigade.

During Saturday and Sunday morning, our patrols reported a picket of the rebels in sight on the Lewisburg road; but positive orders having been given by Major-General Granger, commanding at Franklin, not to bring on and engagement, they were not attacked.

On Sunday, scouts reported that the enemy had fallen back, leaving no trace of their presence save one spiked cannon and a broken caisson, which they had thrown into a creek. On Sunday evening Colonel Minty arrived and assumed command of the brigade.

My regiment remained with the brigade until its arrival at Murfreesborough, on Tuesday, having been absent six days. During the scout we captured 5 horses and 4 mules, which have been properly accounted for by the regimental quartermaster. I have to report the loss of 1 man, a member of Company C, who was accidentally shot, and left in hospital at Franklin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. SIPES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Pennsylvania Vol. Cav.

Lieutenant JOSEPH G. VALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Reuben C. Couch, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry.

FIRST REGIMENT MIDDLE TENNESSEE CAVALRY,

Camp near Murfreesborough, April 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this command in the late scout to Franklin, Tenn.

On the morning of the 9th instant, according to orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, commanding this regiment, I left camp in command of 57 men, and marched about 20 miles to Petersburg, where we encamped during the night. On the 10th, marched near the vicinity of Franklin, and was detailed to support a battery of two guns belonging

