
to the brigade, which was posted near a ford about 1 mile from Franklin, where we remained during the night. On the 11th, we were ordered to encamp with the brigade at a ford about a mile farther up the river from the one where the battery was posted, where we remained during the 11th and 12th. On the 13th, having received orders, we took up the line of march for this place. When we reached Murfreesborough we were ordered back on the railroad to Florence, remaining about two hours, when we again started for camp, where we arrived on the night of the 14th, at about 6 o'clock.

My force did not become engaged while out. One man being taken sick was left at Franklin. No other casualties occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. COUCH,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant JOSEPH G. VALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver P. Robie, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

CAMP STANLEY, April 16, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your order, received this morning, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the late engagement at Franklin, Tenn.:

I was ordered on Friday, April 10, to assume command of this brigade, consisting of 190 officers and men of the Third Ohio, 257 of the Fourth Ohio, and also a detachment of the Third Indiana Cavalry.

We left camp at 6 o'clock a. m., and marched to within 4 miles of Franklin, at which point I received orders from the general commanding to move with my command across the Harpeth Fork at a ford 3 miles to the left of the Murfreesborough pike, and proceed to Franklin, on the Lewisburg pike. Having crossed the ford, and while moving in the direction of the Lewisburg pike, my advanced guard captured a surgeon and quartermaster belonging to the confederate Army; also 2 negroes, who reported a force of the enemy between us and Franklin, 2,000 strong. A company which had been sent down the Lewisburg pike also reported the enemy in force in that direction. At this moment heavy firing was guard on the Lewisburg pike. Knowing that the Fourth Regulars had been sent in that direction, and were probably engaged with the enemy, I immediately prepared my command to move to their support. While advancing in line, and when within a few hundred yards of the enemy, who were plainly visible in strong force, I received orders from the commanding general to fall back and recross the stream. My command returned in good [order] to within a short distance of the ford. The enemy observing our movements, advanced rapidly and opened fire upon our right. I ordered my men to return the fire, which was promptly done, with good effect, repulsing them twice.

At this time I ordered the left to hold the enemy in check while I could retire the right of my line. While endeavoring to execute this movement, the enemy charged in strong force, driving in my skirmishers and causing my line to fall back in confusion. I succeeded in rallying

