
my men and formed another line. The enemy having dismounted, advanced rapidly through the open field, and opened fire upon us, at about 300 yards distance. We returned their fire, and drove them back in confusion. I then withdrew my command across the stream, and took position commanding the ford, which I was ordered to hold. My loss was 2 killed and 6 wounded. The enemy undoubtedly [lost] more heavily, but they having possession of the ground, were enabled to remove their killed and wounded.

That night we remained in camp at this point. The next morning I surrender command of this brigade to Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, who is my superior officer, and took command of my regiment, the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. ROBIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Daniel M. Ray, Second Tennessee Cavalry, commanding Third Cavalry Brigade.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

April 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the late scout to Franklin, Tenn.,

Left camp with my command, consisting of the Second East Tennessee Cavalry and a detachment of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, on the morning of Thursday, April 9, 1863; halted at night about 4 miles south of Triune.

Resumed the march on the following morning at 3.30 o'clock; marched until 8 a. m.; halted within 4 miles of Franklin. Resumed march at 2 p. m. of same day; marched a distance of 4 or 5 miles, crossing Big Harpeth River below an old mill. Was attacked by the enemy in force near ford of Big Harpeth; engagement lasted about one hour, mostly at long range; the enemy fell back; I occupied his ground. My loss was 1 killed and 6 wounded, all belonging to the Second East Tennessee Cavalry.

Late in the evening I recrossed the river with my command, at the ford where I crossed at 2 o'clock. Remained over night; distance about 1 mile from the scene of the engagement. On the 11th instant, advanced as far as where the Fourth U. S. Cavalry were engaged on the 10th. Returned from that place to where we halted on the morning of the 10th a. m.; arrived at camp at 9 p. m.; arrived at camp at 9 p. m., burning on our way ten dwellings and outhouses belonging to persons who had sons in the Confederate Army, as per order of Major-General Stanley.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. RAY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

