
Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION, THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY,Camp Drake, Tenn., April 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by detachment of the Third Indiana Cavalry, 170 strong, under my command, during the late scout to Franklin, Tenn.,

Nothing worthy of note occurred until on the 10th instant, when, halted 4 miles from Franklin, I was placed under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Robie, commanding Second Brigade, with which brigade we acted during the entire engagement and remainder of the scout. Early in the afternoon we were ordered to proceed to the Harpeth River, at [Hughes'] Mill, where our brigade crossed at lower ford, opposite the bluff. We moved across the open field and woods to the Lewisburg pike, driving the enemy's sentinels toward Franklin, in which direction we observed them in considerable mounted force. The brigade was formed across the pike, facing toward Franklin, my battalion being in the center, where we were to await their approach. The Fourth Regulars becoming engaged in our rear, toward Lewisburg, we were ordered to about face, and move down the Lewisburg end of the pike, which we did in fine order, and had laid down the last fence between us and the reserve of the force engaging the Fourth Regulars, and would soon have captured them and the horses of their dismounted men, the guard being inconsiderable, but orders were given to fall back, as they were advancing from Franklin in our rear. We fell back with the promptness characteristic of cavalry movements, and formed in the field and woods near the bluff, at the crossing, our line being at an acute angle with the pike and bluff, our left nearest the pike and our right nearest the bluff, with my battalion again in the center of the Second Brigade.

The enemy made two attacks on this position, and were both times repulsed; but coming through the woods in force and attacking our left vigorously, doubled it on the center, obliging us to fall back.

We again formed parallel to the bluff, which position we held until the enemy retired.

We were in advance of the reconnoitering force which went out in the evening, but nothing worthy of note occurred.

Our loss in the whole scout was very small, being 2 mortally wounded and 2 slightly so. Also 12 horses killed, disabled, and abandoned.

I take pleasure in testifying to the general good conduct of my officers and men, their actions meeting my full approbation.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. KLEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Indiana Cavalry.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

