
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,February 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

Sergeant Branch acquitted himself with a great deal of credit int his spirited affair he so modestly details. Many officers of a much higher grade would not have done as well. By his courage and colones he not only drove away the enemy, but saved to the Government valuable property. He ought to be promoted.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Nashville, Tenn., February 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

All reports concur in attributing officer like qualities to this soldier. I respectfully recommend his promotion.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 31-FEBRUARY 13, 1863.-Expedition from Murfreesborough to Franklin, Tenn., etc., including skirmishes (January 31) at Unionville and Middleton, and (January 31 and February 13) at Rover.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Captain L. W. Battle, Fifty-first Alabama Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel John S. Prather, Eighth Confederate Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel W. F. Tucker, Forty-first Mississippi Infantry, commanding Chalmers' brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

EAGLEVILLE, TENN., January 31, 1863.

I arrived here with my infantry at 3 p. m. The cavalry I sent through Versailles, Middleton, Unionville, and Rover. After some skirmishing they succeeded in taking about 100 prisoners, arms, equipments, &amp;c. Among them are 1 major, 3 captains, and a proportion of lieutenants. These little skirmishes kept my cavalry back, and hence my infantry from advancing farther to day. I have had bad success in finding out the enemy's exact whereabouts. I only know he left here, 3,000 or 4,000 strong, with six pieces of artillery, yesterday morning northward, all under command of Wheeler. The cavalry came in at 7.30, much jaded on account of the horrible condition of the roads. I shall move in the direction of Franklin to-morrow morning early, keeping my cavalry on my left flank, and try to get control of the road leading from

