
Lieutenant-Colonel [J. P.] Brownlow, went on the 13th within 2 miles of Chapel Hill, and attacked a forage train of the enemy, killing 1 of the rebels and dispersing the guard; but before they succeeded in destroying the train, the approach of a body of the enemy's cavalry forced them to retire.

The whole force of the enemy at Chapel Hill is one regiment of cavalry (Josiah] Patterson's). There is a brigade of cavalry at Rover, under the command of Colonel [A. A.] Russell.

Van Dorn is quiet at Spring Hill, with his force.

In the destruction of property, under the order of Major-General Stanley to his command to burn the houses of all citizens who have sons or near relatives in the Confederate service, a large amount of forage was burned. On one plantation (John E. Tulles'), a large barn, full of hay and oats, sufficient to have loaded 25 wagons, was burned. I sent a train yesterday for the forage, and the officer in charge, Major Boynton, Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, reports to me that the barn and contents were destroyed. The major also reports to me that on several other farms the forage had been burned by General Stanley's cavalry. I do not suppose that General Stanley knew anything about the destruction of the forage, or that he would have permitted it had he known that it was being done.

Everything is going on smoothly. My command is in excellent condition and spirits.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

APRIL 15, 1863.-Skirmish at Piketon, Ky.

Report of Colonel George W. Gallup. Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY, Louisa, Ky., April 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit to you a report. Having definite information of a rebel camp, under command of a Major [James M.] French, having been established at Piketon, in Pike County, Kentucky, 80 miles distant from this post headquarters, at the request of Colonel John Dils, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Regiment, I sent him, with a detachment of 200 men of the Thirty-ninth Kentucky Regiment, selected, good, mounted riflemen, with orders to rout them. He left on the morning of april 13, instant, and came upon the enemy on the morning of the 15th instant.

Colonel Dils attacked them at daylight on the 15th instant, and brisk skirmishing ensued for about an hour, when the enemy was compelled to surrender the town. We captured Major French, 1 surgeon, 1 mustering officer, 5 captains, 9 lieutenants, 70 men, 30 horses and saddles, about 40 guns, and all their stores, and completely destroyed their camp. I also sent out a detachment of the Fourteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry (1 corporal and 13 men) to watch the movements of General Marshall toward Breathitt County. They followed the enemy, under General Marshall, closely to Breathitt County, 75 miles, and came upon

