
I have ordered Dodge to take 5,000 men, with two batteries, from District of Corinth, open communications at Hamburg with Rosecrans, and, as soon as their mutual whereabouts is known, to move rapidly on Tuscumbia, cutting by cavalry, if possible, the railroad from Decatur to Tuscumbia. This will take place on Wednesday or Thursday, if rosecrans succeeds in getting up the river. The Marine Brigade has not reported yet. If Ellet has gone up the Tennessee, as directed, he will be in time to co-operate. If not, he should be cashiered for running by me without reporting. His assistance would be invaluable at this time, provided his command is of any use at all, which I do not know.

If Rosecrans moves with convoy, he can break through. If not, I doubt his getting down the Cumberland and up the Tennessee.

Under cover of this movement, I shall sweep down with cavalry, and expect no difficulty in getting down the Cumberland and up the Tennessee.

Under cover of this movement, I shall sweep down with cavalry, and expect no difficulty in getting to Meridian. I am still horribly crippled for want of horses, by the gross neglect of quartermasters at Saint Louis. I have only received 200, with which I have remounted the Seventh Kansas, and sent them to Dodge.

No further news of moment.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1]

CORINTH, April 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scout in from south, four days from Meridian; no movements of troops since last report between Jackson and Vicksburg; says troops move daily up toward Yazoo and back again. They have a heavy force to work at Yazoo City and at Clarksburg, or Clarksville; also are making great efforts in collection of provisions and forage in Mississippi; says Vicksburg army are wholly supplied now from this State. Troops along the road and in my front same as last report. Some heavy guns have gone from Vicksburg up to Yazoo City; only three, he thinks.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CORINTH, April 13, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

My assistant adjutant-general has just returned from Tuscumbia. Two brigades and one battery have been added to their command since last Sunday, a week ago. Under a general reconnaissance it appears that they expected a move by way of Tennessee River by Major-General Rosecrans. They have now there 6,000 men and eleven pieces of artillery. This is certain. I sent full report to General Oglesby, with request for him to send to you. At Tuscumbia they had a telegram of the 11th from Charleston, saying our forces were advancing upon them by land.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

JACKSON, April 13, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following dispatch has just been received from Brigadier-General Dodge, Corinth:

Two scouts are in from the south, one from Meridian and the other from Vicksburg. Pemberton's command is now stretched from Grand Gulf to Greenwood, with one

