
Numbers 2. Reports of Major General Richard J. Oglesby, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps,

JACKSON, April 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have received the following dispatch from Colonel Fuller:

The following dispatch has just come in by messenger:

IN FIELD, BEAR CREEK, April 19-4 p. m.

I crossed Bear Creek Friday morning; commenced fighting, and drove the rebels 13 miles, to Crane Creek. This morning I advanced again, but did not pursue, as I received no news from Rosecrans, nothing from Marine Brigade, and because infantry force in my front is larger than mine, and the cavalry force 4,000 strong. I have lost about 100 men, and one piece of artillery disabled. The enemy's loss is very large; their dead and wounded are along the road from Bear Creek to Crane. The gunboats, I think, will be able to go to Tuscumbia in three or four days. In mean time I desire Fuller's brigade, with one battery and 800 extra rounds of artillery ammunition, to join me. If you can throw a brigade into Corinth, to relieve him, and let him start Monday, I will go forward by river and land again. Seven hundred cavalry cannot go into Georgia, or even far into Alabama, as their force is strong, and getting stronger. If the Marine Brigade or Rosecrants had joined me with 2,000 men, as promised, and at the time agreed upon, we could have taken Tuscumbia before the infantry force reached there. Now we shall have to march with all our force, and al the mounted men I can raise. I shall rest and recruit here until I hear from you. My cavalry force is about 1,000 infantry 3,500. The fighting has been sharp, but they could not stand; their cavalry force was so large that they kept a large force in rear and front, but I prepared my train at Bear Creek, and left force with it. I send this by a gunboat, which will await at Hamburg for an answer. Tennessee River is rising, and Captain Fitch will report the prospect of his getting up. He thinks he can go up in two or three days. I believe I can take them by landing a force in their rear and attacking in front. I have sent dispatches every day, but get no answer; expect they are taken; so send this by gunboat. I have returned to my train and taken a position I can hold, to await news from you. It will be impossible for Rosecrans' cavalry, in my opinion, to pass Tuscumbia, except I take it and hold it, while they are gone, in connection with gunboats. Where is the Marine Brigade?

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

General Dodge adds, in dispatch to me, that enemy was re-enforced by a division of infantry (4,000) yesterday. Send me reply soon as possible, and, if it can be done, I should like to take also the Forty-third Ohio, now at Bethel, as it belongs to my brigade.

JOHN W. FULLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

I have dispatched Colonel Fuller as follows:

Call in the Forty-third Ohio, and move with your brigade to support of Dodge; take one battery and the extra rounds of artillery ammunition he asks for, if you have it at Corinth. I will send 2,000 infantry to Corinth to-morrow. Start at earliest moment. Telegraph me when you can get off, and how much force you will leave at Corinth.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

General S. A. HURLBUT.

CORINTH, April 25, 1863-11.20 p. m.

GENERAL: Have just received the following from General Dodge, in cipher:

TUSCUMBIA, 24th-5p. m.

General OGLESBY:

I have taken this place without any severe fighting. The enemy steadily opposed our advance, but no battle at crossing of Little Bear. It was a pretty little fight. I shall go forward in the morning, and help Straight in his movement all I can. They ran cars in here two days ago; repaired railroad. It is said here that Johnston says he cannot send any more re-enforcements. I think the entire force ahead does not exceed 5,000 men. I will look out for my command close. Shall take Florence to-

