
day. Our advance creates great consternation. They are in full belief that this is a flank movement on Johnston, and so informed him. I do not dispute it, and will make him back out, if possible.

G. M. DODBE,

Commanding.

Will send no other message to-night.

Yours,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

General S. A. HURLBUT.

HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Jackson, Tenn., May 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the results of the expedition of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge into Alabama, furnished to me by telegraphic dispatches from that office.

The expedition left Corinth April 14, 4,000 infantry, 1,500 cavalry and mounted infantry, with two light batteries, and was re-enforced on the 21st by Fuller's brigade (about 2,000), the Seventh Kansas Cavalry, and one battery. His forces were engaged four times-at Bear Creek, Little Bear, Leighton, and Town Creek; captured 40 prisoners, 900 head of horses and mules, 60 bales of cotton, and a large amount of provisions; destroyed 1,500,000 bushels of corn and a large amount of bacon, three tan-yards, and five mills; took the towns of Tuscumbia and Florence, and destroyed 60 flat-boats on the Tennessee River, breaking up every ferry from Eastport to Courtland. Cattle, sheep, and hogs were captured and used by the thousands. Nothing was left in the valley that would in the least aid the enemy.

General Dodge turned over to Colonel Straight 500 animals, 12 mule teams and wagons complete, and all his hard bread. A large number of refugees and negroes joined him on his return. His loss, all told, does not exceed 100; 3 only were killed, some 40 taken prisoners, and the residue-most of them-slightly wounded. The enemy's loss was heavy at Bear Crek, Leighton, and Town Creek. They report a loss of 300. The enemy on Tuesday, April 28, fell back to Decatur.

On Wednesday, General Dodge began his return march to Corinth, with a large force threatening his right flank at Florence. Dodge broke down and wore out 400 animals. On his return, he destroyed the railroad bridge and telegraph between Courtland and Tuscumbia. He has rendered useless the garden spot of Alabama for at least one year, besides inflicting a deserved chastisement upon a most unrelenting community of intense rebel sympathizers. He reports, more particularly in regard to Colonel Straight's movements, that the information may go to Major-General Rosecrans, as follows:

Colonel Straight left Tuscumbia Sunday night, the 26th; moved to Mount Hope on Monday, and to Moulton on Tuesday. He was supplied with very poor animals; 400 of them broke down between Palmyra, on the Cumberland River, and Tuscumbia. With those Dodge turned over to him, he had 1,600 on leaving Moulton, Tuesday night, april 28. At that time no enemy was after him, as Dodge had engaged them up to that time. Roddey and Forrest then heard of Straight's movement, and, supposing it a flank attack on Decatur, instantly fell back to that place. Straight thus had two day's start, but his men were so badly mounted he would have to lose some time to pick up 200 more animals at Moulton. From there he proposed to go by the way of Blountsville and strike the Coosa River. Dodge supplied him with rations to last him

