
to the Coosa Valley, where, it is supposed, he can help himself. If his command hods out, he will succeed, as the enemy cannot follow him very fast. He got the mountains between him and them. They fell back (5,000 strong) to Decatur.

The report yesterday was that Van Dorn had sent part of his force from Florence to cross over at Decatur. Dodge heard nothing from Straight after the latter left Moulton. All things being favorable, he has finished his work by this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.

Nol 3.

Reports of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH,May 2, 1863.

GENERAL: My command is coming in. I send brief report. We had four fight, viz, at Bear Creek, Little Bear, Leighton, and Town Creek. Captured about 40 prisoners, 900 head of mules and horses, 60 bales of cotton, and a large amount of provisions, and destroyed at least 1,500,000 bushels of corn and a large amount of bacon, 3 tan-yards, and 5 mills; took the towns of Tuscumbia and Florence, and destroyed about 60 flatboats on the Tennessee River, breaking up every ferry from Eastport to Courtland. A large number of refugees and negroes joined us, and we have rendered useless for this year the garden spot of Alabama.

Our loss does not exceed 100, all told. The enemy's loss was heavy at Bear Creek, Leighton, and at Town Creek; about 300, from their reports. They fell back from Town Creek to Decatur.

I turned over 500 animals to Colonel Straight, and broke down at least 400 more. Cattle, sheep, cows, and hogs we captured and used by the thousands, and I did not leave a thing in the valley that I cousidered would in the least aid the enemy.

We crossed Bear Creek on floating bridges, and Town Creek on the railroad bridge.

On my return, I destroyed the railroad bridge.

On my return, I destroyed the railroad bridge and telegraph form Courtland to Tuscumbia.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General R. J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.

CORINTH, MISS., May 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition up the Tuscumbia Valley to Courtland, Ala. The intention and plan of the movements was to cover a raid by Colonel Straight, of Major-General Rosecrans' command, into Georgia, to break up the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad. Colonel Straight was to meet me with his brigade at Eastport, on Thursday, April 16.

I moved from Coringh with the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Wednesday, April 15. Camped at Burnsville. The next day

