
moved to Cook's, 2 1\2 miles west of Great Bear Creek, and made my preparations to cross, the rebels holding the opposite side.

Friday morning, April 17, I made a feint at Jackson and Bailings' Fords, and, under the cover of my artillery, threw the most of my force across at Steminine's Ford.

The cavalry, under Colonel Cornyn, and mounted infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, made the crossing and pushed forward. My instructions were for them to go forward 3 1\2 miles, and await my coming. Colonel Cornyn, meeting the enemy about a mile out, commenced fighting them, they falling back rapidly. Hearing of Colonel Roddey commanding a force of the enemy on my left flank, I sent orders forward for the command to halt; but before the messenger got to him, Colonel Roddey had got between the cavalry and infantry. The Third Brigade being in advance, commanded by Colonel Bane, who, ascertaining this fact, pushed forward and fell upon their rear, but not until Colonel Roddey had taken two pieces of artillery, 22 men, and one company of mounted infantry, who were guarding it, which, through neglect, had been allowed to fall 3 miles in the rear of the advance.

Colonel Cornyn hearing firing in the rear, immediately fell back, and, with the First Alabama Cavalry, charged the rebels and retook the artillery and caissons, with the exception of one gun, which the enemy succeeded in getting off with.

The charge of the alabamians with muskets only, and those of loaded, is creditable, especially as they are all new recruits and poorly drilled. In this charge, captain Cameron, the commanding officer of the Alabama cavalry, a deserving and much lamented officer, was killed.

Colonel Bane, on his arrival, disposed of his troops admirably. Colonel Cornyn advance with his cavalry as a feint, and the rebels advanced to meet him. He fell back to the rear of the infantry, which was posted under cover and out of sight on both flanks of the cavalry. On the appearance of the enemy, the infantry opened a heavy and destructive fire, which caused the rebels to fall back in confusion, utterly routed.

This day's work brought us 13 miles in advance of the main force.

Colonel Straight not arriving, I fell back with the advance to Great Bear Creek, where the rest of the command was posted, to await his coming.

Sunday afternoon, Colonel Straight commenced landing his force at Eastport, but came poorly prepared for his contemplated movement. He had 2,000 infantry and about 1,000 mules. At least 400 of them were unserviceable, and in unloading them, through the carelessness of one of his officers, 200 strayed away. He was under the impression that he would find plenty of stock in the valley to mount the rest and replace those broken down.

During Monday and Tuesday we scoured the country, and gathered all we could.

Tuesday night, Colonel Fuller's brigade, from Corinth, joined me.

Wednesday morning, I advance with all the force, and came up with the enemy at Rock Cut, 5 miles west of Tuscumbia; planted my batteries and drove them out of it, taking the line of Little Bear Creek that night. The enemy's position was a very strong one, and there was but one way to flank it. The enemy fell back as soon as I brought the infantry to bear upon them.

Thursday we moved, crossing at three places, throwing my cavalry, by the Frankfort and Tuscumbia road, into the enemy's rear; but during

