
I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and troops under my command. They were guilty of but one disobedience of orders-in burning some houses between Town Creek and Tuscumbia; on the discovery of which I issued orders to shoot any man detected in the act. After that nothing was burned except by my order.

The fighting of the cavalry was excellent. The Tenth Missouri, Seventh Kansas, Fifteenth Illinois, and First Alabama all did themselves credit; they invariably drove the enemy, no matter what their force.

The disposition of the troops at Lundy's Lane, by Colonel Bane, Fiftieth Illinois, was very creditable, and the management of the right, by General Sweeny, at the Rock Cut, also deserves mention. Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips's handling his men in action drew the commendation of all. Colonel Cornyn, of the cavalry brigade, made some fine charges, and his fighting cannot be excelled. His advance on the first day was injudicious, and against my instructions, and came very near causing trouble; otherwise he managed his command very creditably.

The Pioneer Corps, under Captain [D. F.] Tiedemann, built two bridges across Bear Creek, and also several minor ones. Their long marches and night work deserve to be mentioned.

To my staff I am indebted for valuable service. Captain [G. E.] Spencer, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [O. J.] Dodds, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain [C. C.] Carpenter, commissary of subsistence; Captain [W.] Barnes, aide-de-camp, and Dr. [W. R.] Marsh, medical director, all accompanied me.

Reports of killed and wounded have already been forwarded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain S. Wait,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Left Wing, Sixteenth Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Jackson, Tenn., May 28, 1863.

The within report of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge is respectfully transmitted. Having heretofore made report of this expedition, based upon dispatches from Brigadier-General Dodge, I send this forward without further remark, and ask attention to the names of officers favorably mentioned by him.

R. J. OGLESBY,Major-General.

CORINTH, May 6, 1863.

GENERAL: Cornyn came up with the enemy near Blackland, and gave them a thorough whipping, taking several prisoners and considerable stock. He pushed on. Major [J. C.] Smith, Fifth Ohio Cavalry, fell upon them, considerably scattered, yesterday, killing 1, wounding 10, and brought in 1 captain and 11 privates prisoners; also 11 horses, 3 mule, &amp;c. I sent the Alabamians to strike Pikeville, Marion Country, and get the stock run into that place.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General R. J. OGLESBY, Jackson, Tenn.

