
taken that route, as some of his flying pickets had moved off in that direction. Deploying skirmishers on my right and left flanks, and throwing out vedettes to my front, I moved on rapidly toward Tuscumbia, and, at a distance of about 1 1/2 miles, my advanced skirmishers came up with a small squad of the enemy, and drove them on down the road for a distance of about 4 miles. The enemy frequently showed himself in line across the road directly in front of us, but always out of range for our rifles, until we arrived at Dickson, and a little beyond that point he engaged our advance guard; and, in order to gain time to close up my column, let down the fence, and deploy to the right and left of the road, I ordered Captain Tannrath, of the First Missouri Light Artillery, who had reported to me with a section of his battery, to open on them with shell, which he did, with good execution. Here Lieutenant N. B. Klaine, of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, was hit in the neck by a glancing ball, but very slightly hurt. Several of the rebel force were wounded at this point, and one of them, left upon the field, was found by us, severely wounded in the leg by a shell. He afterward died.

After a few rounds from the battery, the enemy hastily retired, closely pursued by us, until he reached Buzzard Roost, where he reformed across the road, his right and left flanks extending into the woods, and his left flank was massed in considerable force. Here we threw a few shell and scattered his left flank into the woods. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips to dismount and deploy his command to the left of the road as skirmishers, to dislodge the enemy's right. Great praise is due to Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips for the manner in which he executed this order, he himself acting with commendable coolness and courage, and his officers and men exhibiting all the characteristics of true bravery. They advanced to within short musket-range of the enemy, and, by their cool and deliberate firing, succeeded in driving him on. He was immediately pursued by the cavalry, with slight skirmishes, beyond Barton Station, and on to within a short distance of Caney Creek, where the command halted in a clover field to rest our animals and men. In the mean time the two squadrons of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, commanded by Captain P. Naughton and Lieutenant H. C. McCullough, and the company of mounted infantry under Lieutenant R. B.. Patterson, proceeded by the route already indicated, and came upon a force of the enemy, and drove them to and beyond what was said to be the camp of the rebel Colonel Roddey, whose force then was estimated at about 600 men. In driving them, owing to the greater distance they had to make, they forced them out on to the main road and into our rear. Here an unfortunate affair occurred, which, as it could not be helped, can only be deplored. Just after the skirmish at Buzzard Roost, Captain Tannrath reported to me that he was out of ammunition. I directed him to send back word for his caissons to come up with a supply, and in the mean time for the guns to fall to the rear, to keep them from being in the way of the cavalry, intending that he should move immediately in the rear of the column. Either owing to the misunderstanding of my order or to the fatigue of the horses, the guns, instead of following up directly behind, fell to the rear, to the distance of nearly 2 miles, and when the flying rebels that were being driven by Captain Naughton's command came upon them, the guns, which were under the charge of Lieutenant [J. F.] Brunner, of the battery, were charged, and after all the resistance that could be opposed to them by a company of the Ninth Illinois, which had been ordered to guard them, they were taken, together with the most of the guns support. The whole number of men lost by

