
General Davis ordered me to proceed to Versailles, where he would on me with his division as early as possible, and requested that I should in the mean time scout the country toward Middleton and Unionville.

At Salem I detached the Second and Third Tennessee, under Colonel [William R.] Cook, and directed him to proceed to Middleton, and, if possible, from there to Unionville, where I would form a junction with him.

At Versailles I learned from citizens that a force of 400 cavalry was stationed at Rover. After allowing sufficient time for Colonel Cook to approach Unionville, I moved on Rover, and about 1 1/2 miles from that place I struck the enemy's pickets, which were driven in sharply by Major [L.] Wolfley, Third kentucky Cavalry, commanding the advance guard. About one-half a mile from Rover I discovered the enemy in line. I ordered the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry to charge, which they did in most gallant style, led by Captain [W. H.] Jennings. After a short, but sharp, conflict the enemy broke, and was driven 1 miles beyond Rover. I captured 6 officers and 43 enlisted men, beside 49 wounded, all of whom, except one, were wounded with sabers.

At this moment (3 p. m.) Lieutenant Reynolds, of General Davis' staff, rode up with orders for me to move on Eagleville, as Generals Wheeler and Forrest were both at that place with their entire force. Lieutenant Reynolds reported that when he left General Davis he was within 4 miles of Eagleville, and pushing on rapidly. Consequently General Davis must have arrived at Eagleville before Lieutenant Reynolds gave me the order. I had not yet heard from Colonel Cook's command, which I had received, I was satisfied that there was no force at Eagleville. If General Davis had met with resistance, I should have heard cannonading. I was now only 2 miles from Unionville and 7 from Eagleville. Under these circumstances, I deemed it advisable to proceed to Unionville, and, if possible, form a junction with my detached regiments.

I drove the enemy into and through Unionville, and held that place for about one hour, when a courier arrived from Colonel Cook, who had fallen back toward Versailles, reporting that he had surprised a small force of rebels at Middleton, and had captured Colonel Clint. Douglas [De Witt C. Douglass], 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 41 men. The enemy had been re-enforcement, and, attacking him, had driven him back. he asked for re-enforcements. I ordered Colonel Cook to fall back to Eagleville by the road leading through Versailles, called in my skirmishers, and marched to Eagleville, where I found General Davis' division encamped. They had arrived at 3 p. m., without meeting the enemy.

February 1, General Davis ordered me to proceed to Peytonsville, cross the Harpeth, near that place, and form a junction with him at or near Boyce's Creek. I found the road to Peytonsville almost impassable, in consequence of which I did not arrive there until after 2 p. m., and then found that the rebels and burned all the brigades across the Harpeth, and that there was no ford nearer than within 3 miles of Franklin. My advance had captured 3 rebel cavalrymen, who sated that Generals Wheeler, Wharton, and Forrest were at Franklin with their divisions. Considering it of importance that I should form a junction with General Davis as early as possible, I took the road to Poplar Grove or Harpeth, crossed the river at the ford west of the pike, moved beyond the junction of the Eagleville pike, and (my artillery and ambulance horses being completely tired out) bivouacked for the night.

