
covering our position to the enemy, who immediately fell back out of range of our guns, and opened upon us with their artillery, but, as my men were well sheltered, did us no damage. The general arrived about dark, and directed me to fall back to Newsom's, where we bivouacked for the night.

April 18, fell back to Buzzard's Roost Creek. Saw nothing of the enemy all day.

April 19, by direction of the general, placed my entire command in ambush near Buzzard's Roost Creek, hoping to draw the enemy within my lines, but without success. At dark placed my men in camp. Remained at Buzzard's Roost Creek until Thursday, April 23, when I moved forward, excepting the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry and one section of artillery, which were left at Bear Creek to escort prisoners' train. Reached Caney Creek, where I camped about 4 p. m. The detachment left to guard prisoners' train arrived about 11 p. m.

Friday morning, left camp at 6 a. m., and reached Tuscumbia at 1 p. m. Here the Seventh Illinois were detached and sent to East Florence.

April 27, at 5 o'clock, Monday morning, moved forward to Leighton, where I was joined by the Seventh Illinois, camped about a mile west of Town Creek. Shortly after sunrise the next morning (Tuesday), the enemy, who were in force on the opposite side of Town Creek, opened upon us with their artillery. I immediately ordered Captain Richardson to take a position with his battery as near the enemy as possible and open fire upon them, which he did. The artillery firing was kept up until afternoon.

By direction of the general, I constructed a foot-bridge over the creek in my front, and about 3 p. m. crossed the regiments of my brigade, the Fifty-seventh Illinois and the battery being left near the bridge. Keeping out skirmishers about 200 paces in front, I advanced about 2 miles across a large field. The rear guard of the enemy were constantly in sight, but continually retreated upon the approach of my skirmishers. About dark, not having been able to discover the enemy in any force, received orders to fall back across the creek. Bivouacked in our camps of the night previous.

April 29, 1863, broke camp at 5 a. m., and marched in the direction of Tuscumbia. After four days' marching, during which time nothing worthy of note occurred, we reached Corinth about 4 p. m. Saturday, May 2. The only casualty was 1 man of Company B, Seventh Illinois, who shot himself accidentally.

Very respectfully,

M. M. BANE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE E. SPENCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Itinerary of the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, April 15 - May 1, 1863.*

April 15, Second Division moved from Corinth.

April 16, marched to Bear Creek.

April 18, fought the enemy (Roddey's command) and drove them to Caney Creek, Alabama.

---------------

* From "Record of Events," in return for April, 1863.

---------------

