
April 18, was joined by Colonel Streight's brigade.

April 23, moved from Bear Creek to Tuscumbia.

April 24, drove the enemy from Little Bear Creek to Rock Cut.

April 25, took Tuscumbia.

April 26, took Florence.

April 27, fought the enemy at Leighton, driving them to Town Creek, and fought them on the 28th, driving them to Courtland and Decatur. April 29, Colonel Streight's brigade left Tuscumbia, and moved into Georgia via Blountsville and Gadsden.

May 1, returned to Corinth.

The expedition captured about 40 prisoners and 1,000 head of horses and mules. Destroyed 1,500,000 bushels of corn, 500,000 pounds of bacon, 60 ferry-boats, 5 tan-yards, and 6 flouring-mills.

APRIL 16, 1863. - Skirmish near Eagleville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General William T. Martin, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

FRANKLIN, April 16, 1863.

GENERAL: Steedman says he had sharp skirmishing south of Harpeth to-day; killed some and took some prisoners, from whom he learns that Unionville has been re-enforced from Shelbyville, and that they intend attacking him in the morning. Perhaps they will give us both a trial.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

General W. S. ROSECRANS.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General William T. Martin, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIV., WHEELER'S CORPS,April 17, 1863.

MAJOR: Yesterday a skirmish occurred between the reserve of Colonel [Josiah] Patterson's pickets on the Chapel Hill and Union pike. The enemy in force (about 300) advanced upon the pickets and were driven back 3 miles. We lost none in killed, but 4 were decoyed into an ambuscade and captured. The enemy lost a number of horses, and are supposed to have lost several killed. They were carried from the field. Colonel P. [Patterson] reports that his officers and men, only 80 in number, behaved gallantly. The enemy's force (one regiment) is at College Grove, and is thought to have infantry supports. Colonel P. thinks the party is foraging. On this pike our scouts and a small scouting party of the enemy had a skirmish in sight of our picket lines; no casualties reported. I have ordered Captain [J. H.] Wiggins

