
to turn in two of his old pieces as soon as the two howitzers arrive (now expected), and thus to save the old guns, as I have doubts about being able to carry them off in case of an advance.

Very respectfully,

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McMinnville.

APRIL 18, 1863. - Skirmish at Hartsville, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Gallatin, Tenn., April 18, 1863.

GENERAL: To-day at 10 a. m. 50 head of beef-cattle and 20 mounted men, of Stokes' cavalry, were captured by a rebel regiment of infantry and 50 cavalry at or near Hartsville. The cattle were on their way to General Crook's command. The rebels had wagons, and said that they were going into Kentucky.

One of my scouts, who is a good detective, engaged two or three tons of bacon this week for the Southern army, the bacon to be delivered at certain points near the river. He is to pay 30 cents in Confederate money. I shall send him back with some of that money, to make small payments, and have the bacon delivered at certain points, where I intend to seize it. The sellers are violent rebels; defy our Government, and threaten every Union man and every man who takes the oath.

I send you copy of letter to General Crook and his reply.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Gallatin, Tenn., April 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Commanding Carthage, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am compelled again to send an additional escort with your mail. The last time I sent there were about 40 rebels watching your party, but did not attack, on account of the increased guard. I cannot spare my men. I have only 8 cavalry soldiers. The balance of mounted men are infantry. I have only five regiments, averaging about 400 men; no artillery, except what is in the fort, and no cavalry, except my orderlies. I have 30 miles of railroad and 60 of river and a number of public roads to guard. My forces cannot perform one-half of the duty as it ought to be done. Last night 70 rebels were crossed over the river to this side by swimming their horses. Their intention is to capture your mail. I send 60 additional guard, with orders not to surrender under any circumstances; but, general, I cannot send again. You must send a larger force. General Rosecrans is extremely anxious

