
to ascertain the condition of things at Lebanon. Any information you can send him on that subject will enable him to arrive at a correct understanding of affairs along the river.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CARTHAGE, TENN., April 15, 1863.

General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Gallatin, Tenn.:

SIR: I send mail this morning. I cannot possibly spare more than the number of men I have been sending with the mail. I shall, however, endeavor to make them safe by keeping expeditions on the river between here and you. The rebels had left Lebanon, and were at New Middleton last night. Part of my command had a skirmish with them there yesterday. I am under many obligations for the escort you sent with mail. I hope in future there will be no necessity.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 19, 1863. - Skirmish at Celina, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Colonel Felix W. Graham, Fifth Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army.

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

April 23, 1863 - 3.20 p. m.

The following dispatch has just been received:
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, April 22.

The expedition to Celina was entirely successful. Colonel Graham reports, through General Hobson, that they destroyed the town, 100,000 pounds bacon, 10,000 bushels wheat, 10,000 bushels corn, 100 barrels whisky, 100 barrels of flour, considerable quantity of sugar, coffee, tea, meat, and other stores, and 40 boats, which had been used in transporting supplies from Burkesville and other points on the Cumberland. Rebels report a loss of 90 killed, but Colonel Graham, commander of the expedition, is of the opinion that the number is greater. We had 1 wounded and 1 missing. This result is highly creditable to the troops engaged. Indeed, it was a perfect success. The forces have returned to Glasgow.

WRIGHT,Brigadier-General.

I go to Indianapolis to-morrow morning.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

