
ment of rebels in hot haste. I rode into about the center, and halted the rear and reversed its front, and marched back into the town, leaving the right wing to pursue. I ordered every house and stable and hiding place in the town to be searched, which was soon done. The rebels had scattered in every direction. Some had fled to the hills and bushes; others hid under houses and in the lofts, &amp; c. We only left one rebel on the streets of Creelsborough to die, but left him in the care of our most excellent surgeon, Dr. [J. H.] Peyton. We took 12 prisoners, one of whom was wounded, and one of whom was E. M. Allen, captain in the Confederate Army.

Our men escaped without a scratch. The surprise of the enemy was perfect.

We arrived at Creelsborough about 11 o'clock, and left there about 1 o'clock for Burkesville, where we arrived at 6 p. m., when we reported, according to our orders from General Manson, to Colonel Jacob, for duty, thus making a march of about 42 miles, over as bad roads as there are in the mountains of Kentucky, and spent two hours of the day in a brisk little skirmish with the enemy, and in pursuing, retreating, and searching for skulking rebels.

We captured 12 horses and equipments, and several guns and pistols, a full report of which I have not received.

I feel that I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of the officers and men of this command. Some may have distinguished themselves more than others for their gallantry and exertions on the field, yet all behaved with so much bravery, gallantry, and ambition for victory, as to show that all the officers and men of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry need, to enable them to meet any foe, is for the men to be properly armed and equipped. They only had fifty-three guns on this occasion, and we find, from this engagement, that the Savege pistol, with which they are armed, is worthless.

Lieutenant W. P. Pierce, adjutant Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry; Second Lieutenant W. H. Norton, Company C; Sergt. Major Elwood Livzy; Sergt. Dudley Aiken; Private Thomas Zeddon, of Company A; Corporals W. A. Vandivier and W. A. Rose, of Company C; W. T. Arnold, of Company B, and perhaps others, whose conduct has not been reported to me, especially distinguished themselves for the eagerness with which they pursued the retreating rebels, having gone far in advance of the head of our column in the pursuit.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. E. RILEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry.

Lieutenant F. H. POPE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 20 - 30, 1863. - Expedition from Murfreesborough to McMinnville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding detachment Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Colonel Josiah B. Park, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

