
ported by the Fourth Regular Cavalry. The surprise was complete. Among the prisoners captured here was the notorious Dick McCann, who subsequently made his escape from a guard of the Fourth Regular Cavalry, which occurrence will be investigated and reported upon at an early day. General John H. Morgan came very near being captured, but escaped by having a fresh, fleet horse, and being personally unknown to the men of our advance.

The infantry force moved northward, and encamped on a branch of Charley's Creek, about 3 miles from the pike. The force at McMinnville passed the night of the 21st at and near the town, and that under Colonel Long about 6 miles out.

April 22, the mounted force moved to Beckwith's via Smithville; bivouacked near the former place. The infantry moved to within 5 miles of Beckwith's, and encamped at Pine Flats, on a branch of Clear Fork. The entire country passed over this day by both commands is barren and unproductive. The animals were very scantily supplied with forage, and the provisions for the mounted men, which had been left with the infantry support at Readyville, were pushed on during the night of the 22nd to Beckwith's, escorted by a portion of Hall's brigade.

April 23, the remainder of Hall's brigade started at 2 a. m.; joined the mounted force at Beckwith's by dawn of day, and, with this brigade as a support, Wilder pushed right on toward Liberty, closely followed by the brigades of Wagner and Starkweather. On reaching Snow Hill, about 10 a. m., where rebels had been reported in force, we found the position abandoned, and learned that the enemy had retreated via Alexandria and Lancaster. Men and animals were much jaded, and a vigorous pursuit was simply impossible. The force from Carthage, that we hoped would co-operate with us by taking position at or near the vicinity of Alexandria, to prevent this very retreat of the enemy, had not arrived. Two regiments from Carthage arrived at Alexandria about midnight of the 23rd, and reported to me on the 24th. They were too late by at least thirty-six hours to co-operate with us, and the force sent was less than half that necessary to an effective co-operation. The mounted force was distributed from the fork of the road 2 1/2 miles from Liberty to a point 3 miles beyond Alexandria toward Lebanon, with instructions to forage and rest. Wagner's brigade was places at Liberty, and Hall's and Starkweather's at the fork of the road communicating with the provision train near Auburn.

April 24, spent the day in foraging and picking up straggling rebels. Provisions, escorted by General R. S. Granger's brigade, arrived and were distributed. At night sent reconnaissance of the Fourth Regular Cavalry, under Captain McIntyre; went as far as Smithville and found no enemy.

April 25, headquarters and Hall's brigade moved to Cherry Valley, Wilder's mounted infantry to Shop Spring, and Wagner's brigade to Alexandria. Starkweather's brigade remained at the forks of the roads. The cavalry, excepting Ray's (about 350), started for Murfreesborough, a portion, with Granger's brigade, via Auburn, and the main body via Cherry Valley, Cainsville, and Milton.

April 26, Wilder's mounted infantry, Hall's brigade, and headquarters made Lebanon, Tenn.

April 27, mounted infantry scouring the country in the direction of Rome, Gallatin, and Silver Spring; expecting to be absent two days; discovered two boats in the creek near Rome. At 5 p. m. I received information from Colonel Starkweather, through General Wagner, that the enemy was certainly advancing in force toward Liberty, with the

