
February 2, marched at daybreak, passed through Triune, and pushed rapidly on Franklin, where I found General Davis, who had taken peaceable possession of the town. There being no forage in the immediate vicinity of Franklin, the general directed me to move out a few miles on the Carter's Creek pike. I camped on the road leading from that pike to Hillsborough and 5 1/2 miles from Franklin, and threw pickets well out.

February 5, marched at 1 o'clock p. m., passed through Hillsborough, and took the Natchez Trace road. Camped after dark a couple of miles west of the junction of the road leading through Boston.

February 6, General Davis directed me to march to Kinderhook, a small town at the junction of the Natchez Trace and Charlotte and Columbia roads, and there wait for further orders. After some delay, I received orders to take the road leading to Charlotte. i bivouacked after dark 1 mile south of the road leading from Nashville to Centreville. I captured this day Colonel Carroll and Major Rambaut, of Forrest's staff, and 2 lieutenant and 23 men of Forrest's and Wharton's escorts, 1 of them a courier from Shelbyville with dispatches for General Wharton. From information received from citizens and prisoners, I found that the rebel cavalry had marched from Yellow Creek, and were crossing Duck River at Centreville, 18 miles distant.

February 7, General Davis ordered me to return to Franklin via Smith's Springs and Hillsborough. I arrived at my old camp at dark.

February 10, camped on north side of the Harpeth, immediately east of the railroad.

February 12, I sent the Seventh Pennsylvania and Second Tennessee across the river to picket the woods and form the rear guard for General Davis' division, and with the remainder of my force marched for Triune, where I halted to feed horses and to allow the infantry to close up, and then took possession of our old ground at Eagleville.

February 13, General Davis returned to Murfreesborough with his division.

Understanding that the Eight Confederate Cavalry was camped near Rover, I took 500 men and moved forward about 3 miles, when I sent Colonel [E. H.] Murray with the Third Kentucky, with instructions to push through the woods and secure a position in rear of the rebel camp, but the movement occupying more time than I anticipated, I had driven the enemy out before Colonel Murray had gained the desired position.

I arrived in camp at Murfreesborough at 9 o'clock p. m. I captured during the scout 2 colonels, 1 major, 4 captains, 7 lieutenants, and 168 enlisted men. My casualties were 1 man severely and 1 dangerously wounded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Captain SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain L. W. Battle, Fifty-first Alabama Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR FOSTERVILLE, TENN.,

February 1, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received from you, I have the honor to submit the following report of the attack upon our forces at

