
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

In organizing the expedition my arrangement was that the force from Carthage should arrive at Alexandria on the 21st, if not before, and to remain there, threatening and attracting the attention of the enemy, until the morning of the 24th, unless the commanding officer heard firing in the direction of Liberty, in which event he was to move at once on Liberty, to the support of our troops. He was to have marched on Liberty in any event on the 20th, as the programme required that General Reynolds should make that place on that day. It is to be regretted that that portion of the expedition was not in position at the time appointed, and there is no doubt the expedition, although eminently successful, would have been more fruitful in results.

I take great pleasure in commending to the general commanding the remarks of General Reynolds on the status of the three classes of citizens now inhabiting Tennessee as just and appreciative, and fully indorse his recommendations as to what should be our policy toward them. If those who have heretofore been active rebels were invariably put beyond our lines, we should then be able to penetrate and occupy the insurgent territory with much more certainty, as we would not then be under the necessity of keeping up such strong guards in our rear to secure our lines of communication.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General of U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding detachment Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 26, 1863.

SIR: On the 19th instant, under orders received from Brigadier-General Garfield, I reported to Major-General Reynolds, commanding the Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and, in accordance with his orders, marched for Readyville at 1 p. m. on the 20th instant, with 1,708 men, composed of parts of the First, Second, and Third Cavalry Brigades and the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, with six days' rations. I encamped between Readyville and Woodbury for the night.

April 21, I sent Colonel Long, with the Second Brigade (418 men), at 2 a. m., with instructions to take the road leading through Jacksborough, to strike the railroad at or near Morrison as soon after 10.30 a. m. as possible, and to destroy the trestle-work at that place. Although the Manchester train escaped, the work was well done. For particulars, I beg to refer you to Colonel Long's report, inclosed herewith.

At 3 a. m. I marched for McMinnville with the rest of my command, taking the old McMinnville road, and was followed by Colonel Wilder, with his brigade of mounted infantry. When about 2 miles from McMinnville, I detached the Fourth Michigan and one company of the

