
the First and Second Brigades. I have not yet received the report of Colonel Ray, commanding the Third Brigade.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah B. Park, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I assumed command of the First Cavalry Brigade on the 20th instant at 1 p. m., and moved out from camp on the Woodbury pike. The brigade consisted of detachments of the First Middle Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith commanding; Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Major F. W. Mix commanding; Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain W. H. Jennings commanding, and one section of the First Ohio Artillery, Battery D, Lieutenant Newell. I proceeded thence to Readyville and went into camp for the night.

April 21, at 3 a. m., I moved out the brigade in the direction of McMinnville, via Jacksborough, having previously detached one company of the First Middle Tennessee to report to Colonel Long at 2 a. m., in accordance with your orders. When within 2 miles from McMinnville I was ordered to take the Fourth Michigan and the remaining company of the First Miccle Tennessee, with two pieces of Colonel Wilder's mountain howitzers, and proceed, by a path or narrow road to the left, through the woods, and approach McMinnville on the Smithville road, for the purpose of cutting off all stragglers from the enemy in that direction.

I reached McMinnville after the advance of the column of cavalry had charged through the village. Having no orders to proceed farther, and hearing that a force of 200 of the enemy was engaging a much inferior force in numbers of my own command near the railroad bridge, 2 miles on the line of the railroad toward Morrison, I proceeded thence on a gallop, and found that two squadrons of the Seventh Pennsylvania had arrived at the bridge just a moment before, and just after the departure of the train for Manchester. The detachment of the Seventh Pennsylvania had already taken the guard stationed at the bridge prisoners and recaptured 15 of our own men, who were there awaiting transportation to Tullahoma.

I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, with his command, and Lieutenant Mackey, of the Fourth Michigan, to move across the creek and a short distance down the road. They soon returned, having found near the railroad a quantity of commissary stores, mostly bacon. Lieutenant Mackey brought in also 8 prisoners. We here captured 2 wagons, about 8,000 pounds of bacon, 6 Enfield rifles, 1 chest of carpenters' tools, 5 bell and 4 wall tents, and some other camp and garrison equipage, all of which I ordered to be burned, with the exception of one wagon, which was serviceable, and with which I was able to trans

18 R R - VOL XXIII, PT I

