
port two wall tents and the chest of tools. Colonel Ray coming up with orders to proceed to Morrison to ascertain if the train had been destroyed at that point, and desiring my assistance, I left that part of my command most fatigued at the bridge, and proceeded to Morrison, a distance of 10 miles, leaving Captain Pritchard in command at the bridge, with orders to burn it. Before reaching Morrison, I detached Captain Tolton, with one battalion of the Fourth Michigan, to the right and along the line of the railroad, to scour the woods. He reported to me at Morrison with 7 prisoners, 2 of whom were of the ranks of captain and commissary of subsistence on the staff of Generals Wheeler and Morgan, respectively. I then returned to the bridge, and, having dispatched two messengers for orders, I bivouacked.

I must here mention that in the approach to McMinnville two companies of the Seventh Pennsylvania were acting as an advance guard to the column, and in the charge through the town Corpl. John Williams, of Company F, caught sight of the notorious Major Dick McCann, who coolly remarked to him, "Come on, you Yankee soon of a b---h!" At this the corporal spurred his horse with renewed vigor, and, overtaking him, unhorsed him by a severe stroke with the saber across the head. I have made some inquiries in regard to this young corporal, and find that he is a worthy young man and a good soldier. Such gallant conduct is deserving of great praise, and I respectfully recommend him to the commanding officer of that regiment for promotion.

On the morning of the 22nd, I rejoined the command at McMinnville. April 23, I approached Alexandria, my brigade being in the advance. After we reached the village, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, with his command, to move out to a piece of woods in front of the village, where he captured 2 prisoners.

Nothing further of importance occurred in my command during the march. This brigade captured in all 82 prisoners, as near as I can learn from the reports of regimental commanders. I have no casualties.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding Cavalry.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Stanley, near Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 27, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor to report that the Second Cavalry Brigade, under my command, left this point on the 20th instant, arriving at Readyville that night. On that night I received verbal orders from Colonel Minty to start the next morning at 2 o'clock with my brigade, and, in addition thereto, 100 men of the Second Kentucky Cavalry and one company of the First Middle Tennessee Cavalry, and to strike the Manchester and McMinnville Railroad at the big trestle-work just west of Morrison Station, and allow the train of cars from Manchester to pass on toward McMinnville, and to destroy the track in its rear. I started, with the above force, a few minutes

