
Numbers 5. Report of Captain Elmer Otis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY,April 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left camp with my regiment on April 20, at 12.30 p. m., in obedience to General Orders, Numbers 38, Headquarters Chief of Cavalry. The regiment formed on the Woodbury pike, and, after marching 14 miles, encamped 2 miles from Readyville.

On the 21st, we reached McMinnville. Captain McIntyre, with Companies B, G, K, and M, charged through the town, pursuing the retreating rebels on the Sparta road. Captain McCormick, with Company A, took up a position to the left of the road leading to Chattanooga. With the remainder of the regiment took up a position on the Chattanooga road 2 1/2 miles from town, which I held until ordered to fall back at night.

On the 22nd, we marched to Smithville without meeting the enemy.

On the 23rd, we passed Snow Hill and Liberty, encamping near Alexandria.

On the 24th, the regiment was ordered back to Smithville, near which place it encamped, without having met the enemy.

On the 25th, we passed through Liberty, encamping 6 miles from the town, on the Murfreesborough road.

On the 26th, we reached camp at Murfreesborough, having lost during the scout 47 horses, owing to great scarcity of forage and their thin condition when starting. There were captured 6 prisoners, 12 horses, and 3 mules. There are no casualties of killed, wounded, or taken prisoners.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELMER OTIS,

Captain Fourth Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding Expedition.

Numbers 6. Reports of Brigadier General William T. Martin, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIV., WHEELER'S CORPS,April 22, 1863.

MAJOR: At 10.30 a. m. yesterday the enemy advanced to the front of our vedettes on the Middleton road and this pike with infantry, artillery, and cavalry, approaching almost in musket range. Their cavalry was deployed as skirmishers. A continuous line of skirmishers was extended from near the railroad across the country beyond Middleton. I attacked these skirmishers on both roads, but found the force too great for me. After maintaining their line for some six hours, the forces retired. One brigade, with wagons and ambulances, was on each road. Lieutenant-Colonel [R.] Thompson reports that the enemy was advancing on Manchester pike yesterday in force, and 1,500 cavalry on the Woodbury and Manchester road. I have not yet heard whether these detachments have retired. If I had had proper artillery yesterday I could have used

