
APRIL --, 1863. - Skirmish near Creek Head, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army.

LEXINGTON, KY.,

April 24, 1863 - 12.15 p. m.

GENERAL: The gallant Captain [I.] Stough has had another skirmish with the rebels. Attacked them below Creek Head. Killed 4 men and 3 horses, and captured 9 prisoners and 5 horses. No loss on our side. Enemy retreated across the Cumberland. Citizens furnish supplies; are very anxious for us to clean out Whitley County before the enemy steal everything.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

APRIL 26, 1863. - Affair near College Grove, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

TRIUNE, April 26, 1863 - 9.30 p. m.

GENERAL: A small scouting party, under Colonel [J. P.] Brownlow, had a skirmish with some rebel cavalry a mile south of College Grove this afternoon; 1 officer slightly wounded. It is reported by the citizens in that vicinity that the rebels have moved from Chapel Hill to Riggs' Cross-Roads. I will learn the facts to-morrow.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

APRIL 26, 1863. - Engagement at Duck River Island, or Little Rock Landing, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Alfred W. Ellet, U. S. Army, commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade with itinerary of the command for April, 1863.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant William F. Warren, Acting Signal Officer.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Alfred W. Ellet, U. S. Army, commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade, with itinerary of the command for April, 1863.

CAIRO, ILL., April 30, 1863.

I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions received from Admiral Porter, I proceeded with my command up Tennessee River to Eastport, Miss., without interruption from the enemy. Returning in consequence of low water, I made several raids into the country, and destroyed a number of important mills and considerable amount of subsistence and supplies belonging to the enemy. At the mouth of Duck River my boats were attacked by 700 cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, commanded by Major [R. M.] White, of Sixth Texas

