
Rangers. The fight was spirited for a few moments only. The enemy were driven back and pursued some 12 miles in the interior, with the loss of Major White, mortally wounded and left near the field, and 1 lieutenant and 8 men killed. They carried off a large number of wounded in wagons and on horses. We buried their dead. Our loss was 2 men killed and 1 wounded. The west bank of the Tennessee River was lined with refugees, who have been driven from their homes for love to the old Union. I exhausted my supplies in providing for their necessities. The Tennessee River is too low for my boats to operate in with safety. My orders from Admiral Porter do not provide for this emergency. I shall hope to receive instructions from the Department.

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Itinerary of the Mississippi Marine Brigade for April, 1863.*

On the evening of the 3rd, the fleet left Miliken's Bend, by order of Admiral Porter, to cruise in the neighborhood of Greenville, Miss.

On the 4th, landed for a scout to Lake City, but received orders to proceed immediately to the Tennessee River.

On the 15th, arrived at Fort Henry, having been detained at Cairo and Paducah for repairs, and for the arrival of Colonel Streight's command.

On the 17th, left Fort Henry with Colonel Streight's command, under convoy.

On the 19th, reached Eastport without any casualty. Sent out the cavalry from Cerro Gordo Landing, under command of Major Hubbard, to destroy a mill and a large amount of lumber, used for ship-building, which was burned.

On the 21st, was forced to leave Eastport, in consequence of the water falling rapidly. Landed at Savannah, and sent scouting parties out to burn mills used by the enemy. Destroyed the mills, with large amount of commissary supplies. Captured 3 of the enemy's pickets, and returned without loss.

On the morning of the 26th, was attacked below the mouth of Duck River by the enemy, 700 strong, commanded by Major [R. M.] White, of the Sixth Texas Rangers, with three pieces of artillery. Landed and pursued the enemy 12 miles, killing 10 men, including Major White, and wounding many more. The enemy escaped, in consequence of the utter impracticability of effecting a landing at the point of attack. Our loss was 2 men killed and several wounded, only 1 seriously.

On the 28th, arrived at Fort Henry, the water having fallen so that we found great difficulty in navigating. Ram Monarch, with the brigade, in the Tennessee River; ram Switzerland blockading the mouth of the Red River.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant William F. Warren, Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, MISS. MARINE BRIGADE,Flag-ship Autocrat, April 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the signal detachment of the

---------------

* From "Record of Events" in monthly return.

---------------

