
Mississippi Marine Brigade has had an opportunity to test its efficiency and make itself useful, to some extent, in the following manner:

At a few minutes past 8 o'clock this morning, while passing a point on the Tennessee River, a few miles below Duck River, where the direction of the current compelled us to run within 50 yards of the land, our fleet was opened upon by a field battery of four guns and a regiment of cavalry. The Autocrat, being in advance, was the first to receive the fire. The Diana came next, followed by the Adams, each receiving a raking fire at close range, but with very slight casualties. The Autocrat replied instantly with musketry, the Diana and Adams with musketry and field artillery. Our fire becoming too hot for the rebels, they immediately limbered up and fell back in great haste, out of musket range. The general discovering this, ordered me to signal the other boats to land their forces at once. The order was instantly understood, both by J. Q. Adams, on the Diana, and Lieutenant Wilson, on the Adams. This order was immediately followed by instructions about the position in which they should land. As a result of this signaling, the troops were ready to march out almost at the instant the landing was made. We have officers on each of the five large boats who are able to read signals quite readily, and I have the honor to say that I am reliably informed that they were all upon the hurricane deck during the engagement, with glasses and equipments, on close lookout for signals. The Diana and Adams were both hotly engaging the enemy at the time their signals were given, and the Adams was receiving the fire of his battery.

Officers and men deserve commendation for their coolness and close attention to duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. WARREN,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer, Mississippi Marine Brigade.

Captain O. H. HOWARD,

Chief Signal Officer, Western Department.

APRIL 26 - MAY 3, 1863. - Streight's raid from Tuscumbia, Ala., toward Rome, Ga.*

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

April 30, 1863. - Actions at Day's Gap, or Sand Mountain, Crooked Creek, and Hog Mountain, Ala.

May 1, 1863. - Skirmishes at Blountsville and on the East Branch of the Big Warrior River, Ala.

2, 1863. - Skirmish at Black Creek, near Gadsden, Ala.

Action at Blount's Plantation, Ala.

Skirmish near Centre, Ala.

3, 1863. - Skirmish and surrender near Cedar Bluff, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Abel D. Streight, Fifty-first Indiana Infantry, commanding expedition.

---------------

* See also April 15 - May 2. - Expedition to Courtland, Ala., p. 241.

---------------

