
for temporary purposes. After fitting out your command with equipments and supplies, as you have already been directed in the verbal instructions of the general commanding this department, you will proceed by a route, of which you will be advised by telegraph, to some good steamboat landing on the Tennessee River not far above Fort Henry, where you will embark your command and proceed up the river.

At Hamburg you will communicate with Brigadier-General, Dodge, who will probably have a messenger there awaiting your arrival. If it should then appear unsafe to move farther up the river, you will debark at Hamburg, and without delay join the force of General Dodge, which will then be en route for Iuka, Miss. If, however, it should be deemed safe, you will land at Eastport and form a junction with General Dodge.

From that point you will then march, in conjunction with him, to menace Tuscumbia, but you will not wait to join in the attack unless it should be necessary for the safety of General Dodge's command or your own, or unless some considerable advantage can be gained over the enemy without interfering with the general object of the expedition.

After having marched long enough with General Dodge to create a general impression that you are a part of his expedition, you will push to the southward, and reach Russellville or Moulton. From thence your route will be governed by circumstances, but you will, with all reasonable dispatch, push on to Western Georgia, and cut the railroads which supply the rebel army by way of Chattanooga. To accomplish this is the chief object of your expedition, and you must not allow collateral and incidental schemes, even though promising great results, to delay you so as to endanger your return. Your quartermaster has been furnished with funds sufficient for the necessary expenses of your command. You will draw your supplies and keep your command well mounted from the country through which you pass. For all property taken for the legitimate use of your command you will make cash payments in full to men of undoubted loyalty; give the usual condition receipts to men whose loyalty is doubtful, but to rebels nothing.

You are particularly commanded to restrain your command from pillage and marauding. You will destroy all depots of supplies of the rebel army, all manufactories of guns, ammunition, equipments, and clothing for their use, which you can without delaying you so as to endanger your return.

That you may not be trammeled with minute instructions, nothing further will be ordered than this general outline of policy and operation.

In intrusting this highly important and somewhat perilous expedition to your charge, the general commanding places great reliance upon your prudence, energy, and valor, and the well-attested bravery and endurance of the officers and men under your command.

Whenever it is possible and reasonably safe, send us word of your progress. You may return by way of Northern Alabama or Northern Georgia. Should you be surrounded by rebel forces and your retreat cut off, defend yourself as long as possible, and make the surrender of your command cost the enemy as many times your number as possible.

A copy of the general order from the War Department in regard to paroling prisoners, together with necessary blanks, are herewith furnished you.

You are authorized to enlist all able-bodied men who desire to join the Army of the Union.

