
You must return as soon as the main objects of your expedition are accomplished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Colonel A. D. STREIGHT,

Fifty-first Indiana Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., April 26, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

After numerous difficulties and delays, I am at last supplied with animals sufficient to mount all but 200 of my command. I have met with a great drawback on account of the mules drawn at Nashville being such poor ones. I shall start at 1 o'clock to-morrow morning for Russellville, and from there to Moulton, and find what facts I can gather relative to the condition of things on the route. I have strong hopes of procuring the necessary animals to supply me. I wrote you fully from Eastport, and sent it by Captain Fitch, commanding gun-boats. I learn since, however, that he is still there. General Dodge has let me have nearly 400 animals, and has done everything in his power to aid me, but the people through the country here run off most of their horses and mules. This, with the worthlessness of those brought from Nashville, together with what Colonel Lawson lost in the stampede in my absence, as referred to in my last, has put me to my trumps; nevertheless, I am very hopeful and confident of success. I shall push on as fast as possible, and rest assured that nothing shall be left undone on my part to insure success, though there is something of a force between here and Decatur, variously estimated from 1,500 to 1,400 men. I hope to get two or three days the start of them, and, should they chase me too fast, I will turn upon them and give them battle in the mountains. Colonel Hathaway joined us on Friday last. He will be of great help to me.

This valley is not raising a crop this year; the people are discouraged and desirous for peace. I cannot say when I will be able to send you a communication again, but will at my first opportunity.

Yours,

A. D. STREIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 1, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough:

Streight left Tuscumbia Sunday night. Dodge followed Monday morning. Met enemy at Town Creek on Tuesday and drove them off. Streight got two days' march on them and went toward the mountains. On the 28th, Van Dorn appeared at Florence in heavy force, with fifteen pieces of artillery. Dodge fell back to Tuscumbia; on the 29th to Little Bear Creek; last night to Big Bear Creek; will move to Burnsville to-night. Van Dorn is at Brush Creek, near Eastport. Roddey fell back to Decatur, and is not following Dodge.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

