
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 5, 1863 - 1 p. m.,

Via Cairo, Ill., May 8, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The following just received from General Dodge:

Rebels came up with Streight between Moulton and Blountsville, 8 miles south of Somerville; Streight ambushed and whipped them badly. Rebels sent word from Decatur to Chattanooga that Streight was making for that place. Forrest and Roddey are on his track. I think Streight is far in advance of them. I will keep free south of Corinth to enable Streight to get back.

HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 6, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Dodge reports by letter to me that Colonel Streight left Tuscumbia on Sunday night, 26th; moved to Mount Hope on Monday; to Moulton on Tuesday; had very poor animals; 400 broke down between Palmyra and Tuscumbia; Dodge gave him enough to make 1,600 on leaving Moulton on Wednesday night, 28th. At that time no enemy was pursuing, as Dodge had them engaged. Roddey and Forrest then heard of Streight's movement, and supposed it a flank attack on Decatur, and instantly fell back to that place. Streight thus gained two days' start, but would lose some time in picking up 200 more animals at Moulton. Thence he proposed to go by way of Blountsville, and strike the Coosa River. Dodge supplied him with rations to last to the Coosa. If his animals hold out he will succeed, as the enemy cannot follow him very fast, the mountains being between them. All things being favorable, he has done his work by this time. Grierson, with his regiments of cavalry, has destroyed the railroad east and south of Jackson and gone into Gideon, the enemy having gathered near Okolona to intercept his return. I have sent, two days since, five regiments to break them up and draw attention from Streight. Dodge's movement has been a brilliant success, and Grierson's magnificent.

HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Abel D. Streight, Fifty-First Indiana Infantry, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Nashville, Tenn., December 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of my expedition in April, 1863. The delay in furnishing a report is owing, first, to causes stated in the report, and, secondly, to the fact that previous to finishing the report, after its commencement I was engaged in the pursuit after Wheeler's forces, since which time I have been so situated that I have not thought it best to spare the time necessary to complete it. Owing to the many conflicting statements made in relation to the cause of

