
The men captured were principally those who from some cause or other angered in camp, and others so badly mounted as to be unable to make their escape.

One of my men was mortally wounded, and has since died. Several other wounded, but not dangerously. My whole loss, from the best information I have, is about 33.

My whole force did not exceed 150 men, some of whom were on picket; one company, under Captain [J. T.] Wright, scouting,and others foraging, &amp;c., thus, you see, leaving me less than 100 men to fight the enemy. It was necessary to make the resistance here in order to protect my pickets, who were being pressed in, and also those on post. The attacking force of the enemy was upward of 2,000 strong (cavalry), with four pieces of artillery. The enemy's loss was 15 or 20 in killed and wounded. My pickets were well established and the utmost vigilance exercised. The force that passed through Middleton (or supposed to have passed through there) arrived at Unionville after we had fallen back below that point.

The division of infantry, several thousand cavalry, with several batteries, the whole under General Jefferson C. Davis, camped at Eagleville night before last, and moved of yesterday morning about 10 o'clock in the direction of Triune and Franklin, with the avowed intention of pursuing General Wheeler.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN S. PRATHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Confederate Regiment.

Captain [L. W.] BATTLE,

Fosterville.

P. S.-I followed up the enemy as he withdrew and re-established myself at this post, and also scouted and ascertained his position at Eagleville.

FEBRUARY 13, 1863.

The skirmish is over, the enemy have fled, and this evening finds me occupying my old position. They attacked my pickets this morning at 1 o'clock and soon after daylight, when I fell back slowly upon the infantry picket. I was in hopes they would have followed me there also, but, "smelling a mice," they concluded to return. Nobody hurt, and all is quiet at this time.

Very respectfully,

JOHN S. PRATHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel W. B. WADE.

Numbers 5. Reports of Colonel W. F. Tucker, Forty-first Mississippi Infantry, commanding Chalmer's brigade.

NEAR UNIONVILLE, TENN.,

February 13, 1863-11.30 a. m.

MAJOR: I have just met a part of our cavalry retiring before the enemy, whom they report to be advancing with a large force of cavalry and a battery of light artillery. They are said to be within a mile of

