
I am unable to report the exact number of casualties in the command, but from the best information I have been able to obtain, there were 15 officers and about 130 enlisted men killed and wounded. It was a matter of astonishment to all that so much fighting should occur with so few casualties on our side; but we acted purely on the defensive, and took advantage of the nature of the country as best we could. From actual personal observation where we had driven the enemy from the field, and from what my surgeons, left with our wounded, learned in relation to the loss of the enemy, I am convinced that we killed more of his men than we lost in both killed and wounded.

Previous to the surrender, we had captured and paroled about 200 prisoners, and had lost about the same number in consequence of the animals giving out, and the men, unable to keep up, broke down from exhaustion, and were necessarily picked up by the enemy; but in no case was the enemy able to capture a single man in any skirmish or battle within my knowledge.

I deem it proper to mention the barbarous treatment my wounded received at the hands of the enemy. Owing to the nature of the service we were performing, we were compelled to leave our wounded behind. I provided for them as best I could by leaving them blankets and such rations as we had, and two of my surgeons remained behind to attend them; but no sooner did the enemy get possession of our hospitals than they robbed both officers and men of their blankets, coats, hats, boots, shoes, rations, and money. The medical stores and instruments were taken from the surgeons, and my wounded left in a semi-naked and starving condition, in some instances many miles from any inhabitants, to perish.

Many thanks to the Union ladies of that country, for they saved many a brave soldier from a horrible death.

In reviewing the history of this ill-fated expedition, I am convinced that had we been furnished at Nashville with 800 good horses, instead of poor, young mules, we would have been successful, in spite of all other drawbacks; or if General Dodge had succeeded in detaining Forrest one day longer, we would have been successful, even with our poor outfit.

In conclusion, I will bear testimony to the bravery and uncomplaining endurance of both officers and men of my command during those trying days and nights. To my staff I owe much for their good example and constant labors.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your obedient servant,

A. D. STREIGHT,

Colonel Fifty-first Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier General WILLIAM C. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 3. Report of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.

TULLAHOMA, May 7, 1863.

General [N. B.] Forrest, with three regiments, was led to Rome, Ga., by a mounted Federal party, which he captured. Colonel [P. D.] Roddey, with the remainder of their joint force, was ordered into Mississippi on the 5th.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

General S. COOPER.

