
Numbers 4. Reports of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

TULLAHOMA, May 5, [1863.]

On April 18, the enemy, moving from Corinth toward Tuscumbia, crossed Bear Creek with five regiments of cavalry, two of infantry, and ten pieces of artillery. Colonel [P. D.] Roddey, commanding, fought them on the 18th, with one regiment, killing a large number and capturing more than 100 prisoners and one piece of artillery, with horses and 1 caisson, losing 6 killed and 20 wounded. The enemy, after burning [burying] their dead, fell bak, and, on the 19th, were re-enforced to three full brigades, the whole under command of General Dodge. Skirmishing continued on the 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd, and 23rd.

On the night of the 19th, the enemy landed troops at Eastport, from a large number of steamers, and burned the town and houses on several plantations.

On the 24th, Roddey fought them; their loss heavy, ours slight; contested every inch of ground, but falling back before overwhelming forces. The enemy advancing, entered Tuscumbia on the 25th. The enemy advanced toward Decatur as far as Town Creek; no move until the 28th. On that day, Forrest, with his brigade, having been ordered by me from Columbia, arrived and engaged them all day, with loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded; the loss of the enemy heavy.

Forrest, falling back on the 28th, discovered a heavy force of cavalry, under Colonel Streight, marching on Moulton and Blountsville. General Forrest pursued this force with two regiments, fighting him all day and night at Driver's Gap, at Sand Mountain, with a loss of 5 killed and 50 wounded, Captains [W. H.] Forrest and [Aaron] Thompson, it is feared, mortally. The enemy left on the field 50 killed and 150 wounded; burned 50 of his wagons; turned loose 250 mules and 150 negroes, and pursued his way toward Blountsville, Gadsden, and Rome, Ga.

On May 3, between Gadsden and Rome, after five days and nights of fighting and marching, General Forrest captured Colonel Streight and his whole command, about 1,600, with rifles, horses, &amp; c.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[General] S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

TULLAHOMA, May 7, 1863.

Between Rome and Gadsden, a party of 1,600 of the Federal Army surrendered to General [N. B.] Forrest, after several days' fighting, in one of which he forced them to burn their wagons and turn loose a large number of negroes. Shall I send them as prisoners of [war] to Richmond, or deliver them to the Governor of Alabama?

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General [S.] COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

ADDENDA.

RICHMOND, May 8, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

The slaves captured by General Forrest should be sent for safe-keeping, with sufficient guard, to the nearest camp of instruction, as provided in General Orders, Numbers 25, from this office, of March 6, 1863, with which, as far as necessary, please comply.

S. COOPER.

