
Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army, commanding District of Western Kentucky.

LOUISVILLE, April 28, 1863.

GENERAL: General Hobson dispatches me that detachment of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry and Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, on the 25th instant, near Jamestown and Scottsville, captured 23 rebels, 35 horses, 2 mules, 1 yoke of oxen, sundry small-arms, and some merchandise, and destroyed mill grinding for General Morgan. Expedition last heard from at Celina.

Colonel Jacob crossed at Greasy Creek or Horseshoe Bottom, near Jamestown, with 200 men, drove back the rebel pickets, and occupied the Narrows, which will enable him to protect the crossing of remainder of his force. They have heard nothing of Carter or his movements. Jacob cannot maintain himself or his position unless Carter is moving on the rebels.

I have ordered regiment of infantry from Columbia and artillery to the river at Greasy Creek to support him, and sent one of Colonel Morrison's regiments to Columbia from Green River Bridge.

Where is Carter? May I calculate on his certainly moving on the rascals?

J. T. BOYLE.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LOUISVILLE, April 29, 1863.

GENERAL: General Hobson reports that Colonel Graham in his expedition has captured 30 rebels, shelled the enemy at Celina and drove them from that place, attacked 600 at Bennett's Ferry, shelling them at long range, killing 1.

No rebels at Celina or Bennett's Ferry. [O. P.] Hamilton has resigned and Colonel [R. C.] Morgan has command of his force.

Generals Morgan and Wheeler are in vicinity of Gainesborough. Pegram at Albany. Colonel Graham encamped near Tompkinsville, with his artillery and reserve cavalry, sending scouts to crossings of the Cumberland.

The country supplies sufficient forage and subsistence. He will remain there for orders. I fear if he withdraws to Glasgow the scoundrels will come and desolate the country yet.

A force should be in the works at Glasgow.

I await your orders.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army.

LOUISVILLE, May 12, 1863.

GENERAL: The following just received from General Hobson:

Major [F. M.] Davidson, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, and 100 men had a fight with 125 of Morgan's men at La Fayette, Tenn., last night. Our loss was 1 officer and 2

