
privates wounded, and 4 men taken prisoners. Rebel loss, 2 killed, 1 wounded left behind, and several wounded carried off. Major Davidson falling back to Barren River. Colonel Graham has re-enforced him with 50 men. Three hundred rebels are crossing at Greenville.

E. H. HOBSON.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio.

Numbers 4. Reports of Brigadier General Mahlon D. Manson, U. S. Army.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 10, 1863.

GENERAL: Following just received from Lebanon:

Colonel Jacob sent a party to break up guerrillas yesterday. They captured 8 prisoners, but [did] not return as ordered. Rebels attacked when they were divided, killing 6, wounding some,,and about 40 missing. Colonel Jacob thinks that most of them will come in. Several hundred attacked Jacob this morning; after fighting two hours, rebels fell back. Jacob has 1 man wounded in to-days' fight. Artillery and most of the cavalry on this side of the river. Jacob has strong position at the Narrows. River can't be forded. Will cross under cover of darkness. Rebels lost heavily in yesterday's fight, and had 5 killed to-day.

MAHLON D. MANSON.

I am fearful Manson has improperly allowed Jacob to cross the river, and have ordered him to direct Jacob to recross to this side immediately.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Lebanon, Ky., May 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the troops of my command near Monticello, Ky., and on the Cumberland River:

In obedience to orders from district headquarters, of date April 26, 1863, I ordered Colonel Jacob to proceed, with the Ninth, Twelfth, and a portion of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, to the assistance of Brigadier-General Carter, and to cross the Cumberland River at the mouth of Greasy Creek.

Colonel Jacob crossed the Cumberland on April 27, and took possession of the Narrows of Horseshoe Bottom. Learning that General Carter could not cross at Waitsborough, on account of the swollen condition of the river, and deeming it unsafe for Jacob to remain in his position, I ordered him to be re-enforced with the Twentieth Michigan Infantry and one section of the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, which were at Columbia, Ky., and to recross to the north bank, which was done.

On May 1, Colonel Jacob recrossed the river again, and proceeded with his command to Monticello, and, by order of General Carter, returned on May 6. After crossing most of his forces, he sent a party, on May 9, to break up a guerrilla band. That party met Morgan's advance, and, after a severe skirmish, succeeded in joining the main body at the Narrows.

