
Early on May 10, Morgan attacked Jacob with his whole force, consisting of between 5,000 and 6,000 men, and after a severe engagement, lasting some hours, Colonel Jacob was compelled to recross the Cumberland River, which he did in the most skillful and soldierlike manner. Colonel Jacob is entitled to great credit for the prompt manner with which he moved, and the skill and courage he displayed. Crossing the Cumberland River with the odds against him is one of the most gallant feats of the war in this State, and so especially his reply to Morgan's demand for a surrender, which was so ably seconded by Captain Harrison, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.

I would call your especial attention to Colonel Jacob's report, referring to the praiseworthy conduct of the several officers therein named and their commands.

Herewith I forward the report of Colonel Jacob, and the report of casualties marked A;* also the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Riley,+ commanding the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry.

I am, captain, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Western Kentucky.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Richard T. Jacob, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding brigade.

COLUMBIA, KY., May 12, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with an order received from you, with parts of the Ninth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, I marched, by the way of Jamestown and the mouth of Greasy Creek, to the Cumberland River, to create a diversion in favor of Brigadier-General Carter, who was to have crossed the Cumberland at Waitsborough and Mill Springs to Monticello at daylight of the same day, Monday, April 27. My advance guard caught 2 of the enemy's pickets at the river.

On Tuesday, the 28th, I took possession of the Narrows of Horseshoe Bottom, a very strong position, driving out the enemy's pickets. I had nearly crossed my whole force when I received information that the enemy were crossing a force at Rowena to try and flank us. I recrossed a battalion to prevent such a movement, and sent scouts to ascertain the truth of the report.

My pickets were attacked the same day, and gallantly repulsed the enemy, who outnumbered them three to one. Not hearing anything of General Carter, I dispatched a courier to Somerset to ascertain whether he had crossed the Cumberland. By return courier I found he had not. I still kept possession of the Narrows, and retained one battalion of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry on the north side of the river, not deeming it safe to advance, knowing the enemy to have nearly four to one, with artillery.

On Thursday, April 30, I received information from Brigadier-General Carter that he would cross the river and march to Monticello. On the same day I was re-enforced by the Twentieth Michigan Infantry and two pieces of the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery. I dispatched to you to

---------------

* Not found.

+ See p. 265.

---------------

