
Kentucky Cavalry, under charge of Sergeant [Joseph W.] Dexter, finding that our men had retired, took deliberate aim at the enemy's pickets, and then darted over the hill, fighting as they ran, and succeeded in making good their escape.

Where every one, from the highest officer under command to the humblest private, behaved with the most distinguished gallantry, it may appear invidious to mention names. I will, however, mention such as came under my immediate observation. Lieutenant-Colonel Holeman, commanding the charge, being ranking officer and the commander of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, cheered the men on to their work of death, and wherever the fight was most dangerous there he could be found. I found his counsel and aid during the whole time of the utmost service. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, commanding the Twentieth Michigan Infantry, executed his orders promptly, and with great coolness and bravery. Major Byron M. Cutcheon led the Twentieth Michigan Infantry in the charge, and behaved with great gallantry. Major Rue, of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, my volunteer aide, deserted my side by the artillery, but only to assume command of the left wing, and did the most daring and gallant fighting, leading and cheering the men on. Captain Wilson, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, rushed into the midst of the enemy and laid many a man low with his Henry rifle. Captain John Porter, of the Twentieth Michigan, captured a prisoner and secured him in the thickets of the fight. Major Delfosse, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, had his hat shot from his head, and behaved with the utmost bravery, as did also Captain Grant, of the Twentieth Michigan. Captain Sims worked his gun with great skill. Lieutenant H. W. Shafer did the most rapid and accurate firing, carrying death and destruction to the enemy.

If there was any cowardice I did not see or hear of it. The men of Michigan, Indiana, and Kentucky vied with each other in daring deeds, and men never fought better. Captains Wiltsie, Wilson, Allen, and Searcy, I am informed, fought with great skill and bravery in Saturday's fight.

Dr. [S. B.] Littlepage, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry; Dr.[W. W.] Payne, of the Twentieth Michigan, and Dr. [W.] Baine, of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, were earnest in their efforts to attend to the sufferings of the wounded.

The killed, wounded, and missing of the Twentieth Michigan Infantry is 26 in both fights; of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, 10; the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry (not in the Sunday's fight) lost 6 in the Saturday's. I do not know the loss of the enemy, but I think it very heavy. We had 450 men in the fight, and fought Major-General Morgan, with nine regiments, for forty-five minutes, and then crossed the deep river with only one small boat, a few canoes, and a half-broken, half-sunken gunnel, floored, and a half a foot of water on it. The enemy did not follow us.

No one, not knowing the topography of the country and the situation of our respective forces, can appreciate the difficulties of our position and the success of our retreat.

By your order, we have fallen back here; also by your order I respectfully submit the report of the expedition, of the trip to Monticello, and the fights of Saturday and Sunday.

Respectfully,

RICHARD T. JACOB,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier-General MANSON,

Lebanon, Ky.

