
ADDENDA.

GENERAL: Since writing the above reports, a citizen, whose veracity is vouched for, and who lives in the neighborhood of the battle-ground, says, to his own personal knowledge, there were over 100 of the enemy buried. Estimating the wounded in the small proportion of three to one, we would have 300, or a total of 400, and within 50 of being equal to all we had in the fight.

Respectfully,

RICHARD T. JACOB,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier-General MANSON.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel David Morrison, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,Columbia, Ky., May 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: By Lieutenant Berry, acting aide-de-camp, I have the honor to forward tri-monthly report for May 20; a report by Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, commanding Twentieth Michigan, of a fight between his command and Morgan's men beyond the Cumberland, and a letter with "Somerset" postmark, addressed to you, which has been sent here.

It gives me great pleasure to report the gallant conduct of the Twentieth Michigan in the late fight at the Narrows. Both officers and men have earned for themselves a splendid reputation. Although they were under fire about eight hours, and all of that time engaged by a vastly superior force of the enemy, the loss of the Twentieth was less than 30 in killed, wounded, and missing. There were several regiments of rebels engaged, and one of them in particular lost in killed and wounded 150 men. This I have from undoubted authority. I can only account for the comparatively small loss of the Twentieth by the superior position which that regiment occupied, and by the advantage which was taken of that position. The brigade has been anxiously awaiting the advent of the gallant General John [H.] Morgan, who has said he will burn this place. Morgan's men have stolen a number of horses within 8 miles of Columbia, but still keep at a respectful distance from the brigade. Morgan has about 6,000 men, with seven field pieces. Should he come on, I hope the First Brigade will give a good account of itself.

I wish I had a battery at this point; it is very much wanted. I engaged to built a bridge over Green River (the bridge burned by Morgan on January 1). This, I hope, will be completed in a very short time and in a creditable manner. The bridge requires to be of a single span, 160 feet from pier to pier. Trains will cross to-morrow, but it will take some time to complete the work. The health of the command is good, and discipline all that could be desired.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

