
Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. Huntington Smith, Twentieth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Columbia, Ky., May 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I hereby submit to you my report of the duties performed by this regiment from Tuesday, April 28, to May 12, 1863, inclusive, being the time we were detached from the brigade, which is as follows:

Tuesday, April 28.- Agreeably to your order of this date, I marched from the brigade at Green River toward Columbia, where it was intended we should do provost duty, protecting citizens and property, and arresting all armed citizens, and report to your headquarters. Having already marched about 12 miles, I continued on the road for about 2 1/2 miles, when I halted for the night.

Wednesday, April 29.- At about 2 a. m. I received your order of this date (1 a. m.), in which we were instructed to leave at Columbia our teams and knapsacks; to proceed from there in light marching order, with three days' rations, to Greasy Creek, by way of Jamestown, to re-enforce Colonel Jacob, and to be accompanied by Captain Sims' battery. I was to move by forced marches and to march by daybreak. I marched by 6 o'clock, arriving at Columbia at 10 a. m., a distance of 10 miles. At Columbia we stored our baggage, knapsacks, &amp;c., getting dinner and providing the rations, marching at 2 p. m., making 10 miles. We bivouacked for the night.

Thursday, April 30.- Marched at 7 a. m., after first having mustered the regiment for pay. Arrived at Jamestown at 1 p. m.; distance, 8 miles. Passing through this place, I marched directly to the top of the bluff, at the ferry over the Cumberland River, at the month of Greasy Creek, arriving at about 4 o'clock; distance, 5 miles.

Friday, May 1.- Remained on the bluff until afternoon, when at 2.30 p. m. I received the following order:

CAMP AT MOUTH OF GREASY CREEK,

-----

--, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Commanding Twentieth Michigan Volunteers:

SIR: I have just been ordered at once with the whole command to the support of General Carter. You will march your men immediately down the hill to the ferry landing. Please inform Captain Sims to move down the battery.

RICHARD T. JACOB,

Colonel, Commanding.

At 3 o'clock my command was in motion down the hill to the ferry, and was detained there until about 9 o'clock in the evening before receiving the boat to carry my men over, all of which, however, we succeeded in accomplishing at about 1 o'clock in the morning. Moving forward about 2 miles into the narrows, we bivouacked for the night.

Saturday, May 2.- Marched at 7.30 o'clock for Monticello, passing through a thickly wooded and uneven country. Arrived there at 3.30 p. m., a distance of 13 miles. The enemy had been driven out the preceding afternoon by General Carter.

Sunday, May 3.- Remained quiet all day.

Monday, May 4.- Continued in camp.

Tuesday, May 5.- Received orders to march back to the ferry on the Cumberland, at the mouth of Greasy Creek, at 10 o'clock, and marched at 11 o'clock through a most drenching storm of rain and over roads ankle-deep with mud. Arrived at the commencement of the Narrows

