
line, which was executed in a most gallant manner, clearing the enemy from the house, orchard, and fences, where they had lain during the day, and driving them into the woods. We were soon met by a countercharge in such immensely superior numbers that we were obliged to fall back to our former position, which was held the greatest obstinacy for three-fourths of an hour, when, the men being exhausted with the unequal contest and the long abstinence from food and sleep, it was deemed prudent to withdraw to the north side of the Cumberland, which was done without loss or accident.

I take great pleasure in saying that not a company of this regiment but conducted itself in a brave and courageous manner, and all seemed over-anxious to be the first in and the last out of the fight. We crossed the river without any confusion or accident, completing the same by 7 o'clock, and bivouacked for the night on a bluff commanding the ferry.

Monday May 11.- At 11 a. m. I received orders to move back to Columbia, and commenced doing so at 12 m., under a very hot sun. Marched 13 miles, and bivouacked for the night. On the way we met the Seventeenth Michigan coming to our aid.

Tuesday, May 12.- Marched at 6 o'clock, arriving at Columbia at 10.30 a. m. Here we joined our brigade, and received our camp equipments and baggage.

I have to report, with regret, the loss of several excellent officers during
  the skirmish of Saturday and the fight of Sunday, consisting of Lieutenant
  W. m. Greene, of Company A, killed on Sunday (he was an officer highly esteemed
  by his men and much respected by his associate officers); also Lieutenant Clement
  A. Lounsberry, of Company I, wounded severely in the thigh on Saturday, while
  returning to the regiment from the party of scouts; and Lieutenant H. V. Knight,
  of Company H, taken prisoner with several soldiers of the scouting party.

I append a list of the casualties that occurred, as follows: Killed, 4; wounded, 18; missing, 6. Total, 28.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. HUNTINGTON SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel D. MORRISON,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Corps.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Columbia, Ky., May 15, 1863.

COLONEL: Being in haste at the time of concluding my official report of the affairs of Saturday and Sunday, the 9th and 10th instant, I neglected to speak as I should have done of the conduct of the officers of my regiment. Where all were cool and active it is almost impossible to specify particular instances. I cannot refrain, however, from mentioning the names of captains Barnes, Grant, Wiltsie, Allen, Dewey, Carpenter, and Porter, and of Lieutenant Bullis; also Major Cutcheon,for his bravery, daring, and activity in the discharge of his duties. All deserve mention, but these attracted my attention in particular. All the officers and men vied each other in their efforts to merit well of their country and of their commander.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. HUNTINGTON SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Michigan Volunteers.

Colonel D. MORRISON, Commanding Brigade.

