
wounded in the engagement of Saturday, and among the killed a number of valuable officers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient and humble servant,

W. D. WILTSIE,

Captain, Commanding Scouting Party.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. SMITH,

Commanding Twentieth Regiment Michigan Volunteers.

Numbers 9. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps.

LEXINGTON, KY., April 29, 1863.

GENERAL: The following are the particulars of Carter's dispatch:

MOUTH OF FISHING CREEK, 29th.

General WILLCOX:

I had 300 mounted men across the river yesterday p. m. They found about 150 prisoners. In returning, one of the Forty-fifth Ohio was drowned. Most of the horses made to swim. The river is 4 inches higher this morning.

I shall move up toward Waitsborough. Have scouted men up river in search of boats to bring to that point. Have heard nothing from Colonel Jacob. Do you desire me to send him re-enforcements? Rebels can't cross river below this without boats. The officer in charge of detachment over river reports rebels were strengthened on the 27th by a Georgia regiment of cavalry, 900 strong, and that they have infantry at Livingston.

Pergram's force are between Albany and Monticello. they are bringing ammunition to Monticello, but sending provisions to some point in rear. Our cavalry cannot be foraged here; the country is stripped.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, May 2, 1863 - 8.55 a. m.

GENERAL: The following just received from near Monticello:

MAY 1 - 11 p. m.

We drove the enemy through the town and beyond it in gallant style. We encountered them again 4 miles south of Monticello, near forks of road, one party on Albany road and one on Jamestown road, the latter trying to cut off our communication with the rear. We drove the enemy about 3 miles on Albany and about 5 or 7 on Jamestown roads. Rebel loss, as far as discovered, 8 killed, more wounded, and a number of prisoners, and 2 commissioned officers. No loss on our side. Both men and officers behaved well.

I shall remain here until to-morrow. I am awaiting instructions. Answer.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, May 3, 1863- 10.35 a. m.

GENERAL: The following just received:

MONTICELLO, May 2 - 8.30 p. m.

Your dispatch received 7.30 p. m. Reconnoitering parties went out on different roads. The one on Albany road, just in, reports that they went within 7 miles of

