
FEBRUARY 3, 1863.-Attack on fort Donelson, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Forts Henry, Heiman, and Donelson.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Abner C. Harding, Eighty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding Fort Donelson.

Numbers 5.-Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

MURFRESBOROUGH, TENN., February 5, 1863.

Rebels-Wheeler, Forrest, Wharton, and Woodward-attacked Fort Donelson yesterday at 2 p. m., with 4,000 men and eight pieces of artillery. We had 800 men in the fort, under Colonel A. C. Harding. they charged the fortifications several times, but were repulsed by our artillery and infantry with great loss. The enemy, as usual, before and after the fight, demanded a surrender, and offered to spare life if accepted, &amp;c. Colonel Harding replied he was ready for all the consequences. The enemy's loss in killed was over 100; in prisoners, 300. Forces under Colonel Lowe, from Fort Henry, are pursuing them, and others are sent to intercept their retreat. Our loss, 12 killed and 30 wounded.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

FRANKLIN, February 8, 1863.

COLONEL: Got back last night. Went as far as the roads leading from Charlotte to Williamsport. Up the road, nearly as far as Bon Aqua Springs, took a few prisoners, among them Colonel [Charles M.] Carroll on this road, but got wind of us, and changed his direction down the Piney, crossing at Centreville. It was impossible to get them before they crossed; the roads and weather excessively bad. Our march was 75 miles. I shall move down in the direction of Columbia to-morrow morning, unless otherwise ordered. Communicate to this place. General Morgan returns with his cavalry to Nashville to-day. My troops are all in good health, but our cavalry is too slow.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

