
Albany. The rebels passed through Albany without halting, en route for Livingston, in great haste and confusion last night. They acknowledge to be whipped badly. They carried their wounded with them. Another party of rebels went on Jackson road to Livingston in similar confusion.

Colonel Jacob with his command arrived here this p. m. As soon as our wagons come up we may be able to forage our cavalry around this place for a short time. Troops could be supplied here by establishing a depot at Somerset, Ky.

My intentions were at first to move on Albany, but as no rebels are there I will remain here for the present, unless you direct otherwise.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, May 7, 1863.

GENERAL: The following just received:

WAITSBOROUGH, May 6 - 8.10 p. m.

It is with much regret that I have report the loss of nearly 30 of the Twenty-seventh New Jersey this p. m., by the upsetting of a ferry-boat while crossing the river. The accident occurred before I reached the river. The infantry, battery, ambulances, and a part of a train are now on the north side. Cavalry will cross to-morrow. River is pretty full and rising. It is rising fast. Expect to send a boat in the morning to Greasy Creek for Colonel Jacob.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, forty-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 12, 1863.

Following just from Gilbert:

LONDON, 12th - 9 a. m.

I returned from Cumberland Ford last night. Captain Moore with 100 of the Red Bird, and attacked them at Phillips' Fork on Sunday morning. They fled at the first fire. Captain Moore pursued for several miles, and captured some small-arms and other plunder, but his horses were not fresh enough to catch them. He reports several were wounded. he reports that they have been stripping the citizens of not only horses and provisions, but even of their clothing, and that they had put some to torture to make them tell where their horses and arms were hid. After being driven from Red Bird, a part of them come down Straight Creek. I heard of it yesterday morning when near Cumberland Ford, and sent a detachment of the Forty-fourth, under Lieutenant Shaw, after them. No report from him since. Those creeks are so shut in between the mountains that there is but little chance to get around these rascals so as to capture them. My scouts were in Cumberland Gap on Saturday, and confirm the statement of deserters. There are three regiments of infantry, two battalions of cavalry, and a detachment of artillery at the Gap. My advanced posts are at points on the Cumberland River between Williamsburg and Cumberland Ford. Major Hamilton is at Manchester. I have directed him to send to Mount Vernon for supplies. Will send you a report of the width of Cumberland River at Williamsburg to-morrow. I shall return to Mount Vernon to-day.

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding.

O. B. WILLCOX.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

