
Numbers 11. Reports of Major General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, commanding Department of East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 4, 1863.

GENERAL: On Friday, the 1st instant, the enemy's cavalry and mounted infantry, reported to number twelve regiments, forced our cavalry back from Albany and Monticello.

In consequence of the inability to procure supplies in the intervening country, General [John] Pegram reports that he has been compelled to fall back as far as Clinton, tenn.

On the 2nd instant, a cavalry force of the enemy, reported at 1,000, which had crossed Northern Alabama from Corinth, Miss., burned the railroad depot, &amp;c., at Gadsden, Ala., and moved on toward Rome, threatening the Georgia Railroad. General [N. B.] Forrest is in pursuit of them.

[A. E.] Burnside's advanced infantry and cavalry are reported to have been at Williamsburg (on the Cumberland River) and Somerset on the 1st instant; his main force and his headquarters at Crab Orchard.

The force in this department is entirely inadequate to meet an invasion such as seems threatened. The effective total of the infantry force is 7,879, with about 5,000 cavalry. Not more than 5,000 of the infantry are available for a movement.

I therefore submit this latter to do Department, in order that it may decide whether the necessities of the service elsewhere will admit of large additional forces being sent here, for unless they are sent soon it is altogether probable that Burnside will successfully invade East Tennessee.

I venture to suggest that in re-enforcing East Tennessee it is desirable that no Tennessee troops be sent here.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

P. S.- A copy of the above has been sent direct to General Cooper.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I have already reported that the cavalry forces under Colonels [J. J.] Morrison and [D. W.] Chenault have evacuated Clinton and Wayne Counties. General [John] Pegram reports that from the barren nature of the intervening region he has decided to retire to Clinton, Tenn. I have directed him, if practicable, to take his command back into Clinton and Wayne Counties and to drive the enemy out. I can only increase his force by infantry. I hope Colonel Chenault's force will be placed under General Pegram's orders for the movement, and as the enemy is reported to be in considerable strength, and to have supports not far off, any additional cavalry which General Bragg can send is desirable.

