
General [A.] Gracie [jr.] thinks the demonstrations of the enemy, who are reported to him to be at London and Manchester in force, threaten Cumberland Gap, so that he has been compelled to retain Colonel [John R.] Hart's, the only cavalry regiment with which I could re-enforce General Pegram.

Unless I can reoccupy the line of the Cumberland River, I shall have, on account of the nature of the intervening country, to draw my cavalry back to the line of the Clinch River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the West.

Numbers 12. Reports of Major General Simon B. Buckner, C. S. Army, commanding Department of East Tennessee.

KNOXVILLE, May 15, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 10th, Morgan drove the enemy across the Cumberland at Horseshoe Bend. He was at Monticello on the 11th. He reports Federals at Somerset, Columbia, Carthage, Glasgow, and Lebanon in force; also a large force on Greasy Creek, beyond the Cumberland. Pegram reports from Monticello on the 12th:

Brigadier-General Carter, commanding Federals, south of the Cumberland, at one time numbering fourteen regiments, mostly mounted. Their tents arrived on the 4th, but a mail arrived on the 5th, and immediately the enemy recrossed the river in haste, taking the Somerset road. Supposed reason is the news from Fredericksburg.

Pegram reports enemy as follows:

Three regiments, under Wolford, at Somerset; about 4,000 near Jamestown, Ky., and two brigades at mouth of Greasy Creek.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., May 15, 1863.

SIR: I transmit, for your information, copies of letters just received from Brigadier-General [John] Pegram and [J. H.] Morgan, from which you will perceive that the enemy have been driven north of the Cumberland River, in the direction of Somerset and Columbia, Ky.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

