
Numbers 13. Reports of Brigadier General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,Sparta, May 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward a copy of a dispatch just received from colonel [D. W.] Chenault:

MAY 3, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy are close upon us; they are within 4 miles, and pressing us hard.

Respectfully,

D. W. CHENAULT,

Colonel.

I have ordered Colonel Cluke to send [A. R.] Johnson's regiment from near Celina to re-enforce Colonel Chenault. There are no other troops of ours in that vicinity, expect a portion of Colonel [R. C.] Morgan's regiment, which has only about 200 armed men in it, and which will have to remain near Celina, in order to guard against the forces advancing from Tompkinsville and Glasgow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,Monticello, May 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have heard with the greatest pleasure of your appointment to the command of the Department of East Tennessee. As my command is now near you, I will most cheerfully give you all the information and assistance in my power. Should you at any time need either, I trust you will not fail to call on me.

I arrived here on the evening of the 9th instant.

On the following I attacked the Federals at Horseshoe Bend. Their force amounted to between 1,200 and 1,500 men and two pieces of artillery. After a brisk fight of about an hour and a half, I routed them and drove them across the river, with a loss of some 135 killed, wounded, and prisoners. My own loss amounted to about 40 milled and wounded. I am ordered myself to Liberty in a few days, but my command will remain in the northern part of Clinton and the western part of this county.

The force which invaded this country a few days since consisted of General [S. P.] Carter's division, a cavalry brigade, under command of Colonel Jacob, and a brigade of infantry. The Federals now occupy Somerset, Columbia, Carthage, Glasgow, and Lebanon in force. There is also a large force near Greasy Creek, on the other side of the river, opposite where I fought them yesterday. As I see no prospect of getting any horses in this section of the country (you know the weakness of which I have been accused by the Journal), I trust you will not take it amiss if I should pay a flying visit to your department now and then

