
for the purpose of renewing my stock. Major [D. h.] Llewellyn desires to be remembered to you.

With sentiments of high regard, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee.

P. S.- Have the kindness to give my respects to Major [R. C.] Wintersmith, and say to him that his son was me in the fight of yesterday, and behaved very gallantly.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 15, 1863.

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I was much gratified at the receipt of your letter of the 1st [11th] instant this morning. I congratulate you on your success s in driving the Federals, as you usually do; and congratulate myself that you are in position to co-operate with me. I can only wish that you were permanently in command of my cavalry; and should I have the good fortunate to have you assigned to command, I will so arrange it. In the mean time, I am informed that General Pegram, at present in command of the cavalry of this department, is your senior. I feel assured, however, that, when an occasion demands it, you will heartily co-operate with General Pegram with your usual self-abnegation and regard for the public interests. With your consent, I will endeavor, at the proper time, to obtain your transfer to my department. Especially would this be desirable in view of probable future movements.

Please advise me of all information of importance. And I have a right on many accounts to ask your hearty co-operation with General Pegram.

Truly, your friend,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 14. Report of Major R. S. Bullock, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

-----

--, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of Friday, May 8, this regiment left its encampment on Obey's River, and, swimming that stream, then considerably swollen by recent rains, proceeded on the Monticello road as far as Wolf River, where it encamped for the night. Accompanying it was the regiment of Colonel D. W. Chenault.

On the following morning (the 9th), this regiment in advance, the two regiments, under command of Colonel [R. S.] Cluke, crossed the river and moved on the main road till within 9 miles of Monticello, when, turning to the left, they moved on by-roads toward the mouth of Greasy

