
Creek, where the enemy were reported as still occupying this side of the river in some force. Arriving at Beaver Creek, the advance guard (Company H), from information gained from citizens, reported about one company of the enemy but a short distance in advance, having in charge a number of citizens whom they had arrested in that neighborhood. The advance were ordered to move on rapidly and close up on the enemy, and Companies I and K sent to their assistance. Arriving at the main road from Monticello to Greasy Creek, the road bore evident marks of having just been passed over by a considerable force of infantry, and the advance companies soon came upon and engaged them near the house of Alcorn. The enemy were soon dislodged from the position they had taken behind the houses, and took a path leading to the right of the main road through woods thick with large trees and brush undergrowth. In addition to these obstacles to successful pursuit, the road led along a narrow ridge, closely flanked on either side by a succession of deep ravines. The enemy, aware of the advantages this afforded them, made repeated stands behind the heavy timber, and, concealed by the leafy undergrowth, would pour, unseen, their fire into our advancing troops. But these, never for a moment checked by their fire, moved upon each new position of the enemy, and drove them until 2 or 3 miles had been thus fought over, when the men, wearied almost to exhaustion by their continued exertions, turned from the pursuit to their horses. Soon after this engagement began, four other companies arrived and took part.

In the mean time Companies D, F, and G, under command of Captain [J. T.] Berry, in conjunction with Colonel Chenault, moved on the main road, and engaged a force of the enemy under like disadvantages and with like results. Night approaching prevented further movements, and the dead and wounded having been properly disposed, the regiment moved back to Beaver Creek, and encamped for the might.

On the following morning (Sunday, the 10th) the two regiments again moved forward on the Greasy Creek road, and came upon the enemy posted on the farm of Coffey. The two regiments, dismounted, were moved up, Chenault's occupying the right and this regiment the left wing, and, after skirmishing awhile with the enemy, were ordered to remain quiet and hold their position. This was rendered necessary by the scarcity of ammunition, the regiment being from this cause totally inefficient for offensive operations. Hour after hour they lay quietly under fire if the enemy's sharpshooters, only occasionally returning it because of the lack ammunition. At length the enemy, having been re-enforced, or emboldened by our inactivity, opened on us with artillery and began to charge across the open field, but it was too late. Ammunition and re-enforcements had arrived, and the men, eager for the fray, scarcely awaiting the dispositions of the officers, pouring from their cover in the woods, met the enemy in a somewhat mingled and impetuous charge, and after a fierce but brief contest drove them back to Columbia. From the mingled nature of the onset, which decided the day, it is scarcely possible to tell what part this or any regiment played in the fight; but this much we can say, from knowledge, that at least a portion of it was always in the van.

Our loss in the two engagements was 1 killed and 15 wounded, the greater part of which was sustained in the first day's fight.

R. S. BULLOCK,

Major, Commanding.

Captain S. P. CUNNINGHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Morgan's Division.

