
Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General John Pegram, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Travisville, Fentress County, Tenn., May 2, 1863.

SIR: On arriving at the foot of the mountain on this side, I met the brigade on the retreat. The inclosed report of Colonel [J. J.] Morrison will explain to the department commander the cause of this movement. Colonel Morrison reports that eleven regiments of the Federals are now on this side of the river. The river is fordable now at many points, being lower than for many years at this season. Under these circumstances I have, of course, nothing left for me to do but to take the command back to Clifton, where i will issue the new supply of arms to the brigade. Please have corn and rations at once to Clifton for me. There is no forage between here and Clifton. My command will probably reach there on the night of the 4th instant.

I respectfully suggest that all the cavalry in the department be placed in camps on Clinch River, near Big Creek Gap, and that scouts of one regiment at a time be sent over the mountains toward Williamsburg and Barboursville, to watch the movements of the enemy. I will, of course, have this road picketed as far at least as Montgomery.

I will send information of my falling back to General [Joseph] Wheeler, for General Bragg's information.

Very respectfully,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department Headquarters, Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Monticello, Ky., May 12, 1863.

SIR: On my arrival here yesterday I found that General [John H.] Morgan had taken possession of this county, having driven the enemy across the river with but slight loss to his command. General Morgan and I will agree upon some point on the river below which his command, and above which mine, will picket.

The enemy had at one time on this side of the river fourteen regiments, consisting mostly of cavalry and mounted infantry. They were all under the command of General Samuel [P.] Carter, and were generally impressed with the idea that they were en route for Knoxville. Their tents arrived here on the 4th instant, but on the 5th, just after the arrival of the mail. they packed up and rapidly went across the river, most of them taking the Somerset road. The general impression here is that this move was consequent upon the Confederate victory near Fredericksburg, especially as the Cincinnati and Louisville papers state that Hooker's army is almost annihilated, and that they will be satisfied if the capital is saved.

So far as is at present known, the enemy opposite this and Clinton Counties is disposed as follows: Three regiments under [Frank] Wolford at Somerset, about 4,000 at and near Jamestown, Ky., with two brigades at the mouth of Greasy Creek, opposite Horseshoe Bend.

The river is not yet fordable, but is falling rapidly. By a careful examination of the map, it will be evident to the department commander

