
that when the river becomes fordable all along this front it will be impossible to hold these two counties with a small cavalry force, if the enemy makes an honest effort to take possession of it.

My great difficulty is, that when I begin to fall back from here, there is no stopping between this and Warburg (supposing supplies are now being collected there), owing to the entire barrenness of the country between this and that point. Hence I shall immediately attempt to collect forage and rations on Wolf River (6 miles south of Travisville), with the view of holding that line as long as possible. The recent trips over the mountains have well nigh used up my horses, and it will, therefore, only be absolute necessity that will cause me to recross this on a retrograde move. As there is no transportation about here which I can impress, I beg that a train of ammunition be at once send to me, so that i may use the wagons here for the purpose above indicated.

I am informed by General Morgan's officers and by the citizens that there is but little forage left in this county, but I shall have a thorough examination made forthwith, and will report the result to the department commander.

As by keeping Colonel [John B.] Palmer's infantry slightly retired between this and Travisville, I may be able to get up the idea that there is a large infantry force following me, and thus postpone another advance of the enemy, I shall retain Colonel Palmer until General Buckner desires his force to be returned to Clinton.

I shall at once try to find out if the enemy's main forces are moving toward the Ohio River, and will report on the subject as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of East Tennessee, Knoxville.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel J. J. Morrison, First Georgia Cavalry, commanding brigade.

TRAVIS[VILLE,] FENTRESS COUNTY, KENTUCKY,

May 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, being at Albany, Ky., on the last 1st instant with my command - consisting of First Georgia, First Louisiana, First Tennessee, and Second Tennessee Regiments Twelfth Battalion Tennessee, and [G. A.] Huwald's battery, numbering about 1,100 Monticello, stating that he was pressed by a superior force of mounted infantry and cavalry, and required my assistance at the cross-roads 3 miles south of Monticello, which point he would hold at all hazards until I re-enforced him. I immediately sent him word to do so, and marched at once to his relief. One fork of these roads leads to Jamestown, the other to Albany, and my object was to fight the enemy here, and, if necessary, to retire down the Jamestown road, covering the retreat of my wagon train, which was at Travis[ville], on that road.

On nearing our rendezvous I received a dispatch from Colonel Chenault that the vedettes of the enemy were in sight and he had fallen back on the Jamestown road. Captain [G. W.] Day, commanding

