
Twelfth Tennessee Battalion, was by this time far in advance, so I hurried the rest of the command on to his support, but before we reached him he was surprised by the enemy and fell back in good order to the main body. This was within 3 miles of the point at which we had proposed to join Colonel Chenault, and near a lane which connected with the Jamestown road, over which I sent the Second Tennessee Regiment, under Major [P. A.] Cobb, to possess itself of the Jamestown road lower down than the point Colonel C. had deserted; but when this regiment had entered this lane, which lay in thick woods, the enemy fell suddenly on its rear, cutting it off from me, and pressed it through the woods to the Jamestown road.

In the mean time I engaged the enemy sharply on the Monticello and Albany road, silencing his battery and forcing him to abandon the field, with but small loss on our side. I was deterred from pursuit by intelligence from Major Cobb that I would be flanked on the Jamestown road by a heavy force, which was then hotly pursuing him. Accordingly, after holding possession of the field half an hour, engaged in burying the dead and caring for the wounded, whom we brought off, I leisurely retired on a by-road to Travis[ville], where I was again in front of the enemy at daylight this morning.

In the mean time I had a second from Colonel Chenault, stating that he was still on the Jamestown road, between Monticello and Travis[ville], and that he would hold his position until I arrived. I sent him word to hold it to the last extremity, and hastened on the First Tennessee to support him until I could bring up the rest of the command. When Colonel [James E.] Carter arrived at Travis[ville] Colonel Chenault had passed that point and no enemy had yet appeared. Here the whole brigade is together, and in better spirits for fighting than they were before the skirmish yesterday.

My loss was but 3 men killed, 12 wounded, and 1 captured.

It is due to the command to say that all the men and officers behaved admirably, and Huwald's battery did excellent service.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

General PEGRAM.

P. S.- The officer of my advance guard informs me that Colonel Chenault fell back from our first place of meeting before the enemy appeared and without firing a gun. He left a picket, which retired with my advance at slight of the enemy's vedettes, they not being alone able to maintain the ground.

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel George W. McKenzie, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Elk Fork, May 1, 1863.

COLONEL: Your dispatch of yesterday is to hand, and contents noticed. I sent three companies this morning to the foot of Pine Mountain, with orders to send forward a scout on the Williamsburg road, even to that place, if possible. From the best information I can get, I am satisfied there is a Federal force on the opposite side of the river. As to its strength, i am not fully prepared to say. Inclosed you will find Captain

