
[A. L.] Mims' official report, which i think pretty reliable. I am fully satisfied there is a pretty considerable force. As to what the real intention is, I am not able as yet to say. I have sent four companies to Scott County this morning, for the purpose of foraging and watching the movements of the enemy in that direction. i will keep you posted as well as I can as to the movements of the enemy. I will remove the remainder of my command to the foot of the Pine mountain this evening.

Your obedient servant,

G. W. McKENZIE,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Commanding Forces, &c.

Numbers 19. Report of Captain A. l. Mims, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.

ELK FORK, May 1, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th ultimo, I proceeded from Clear Fork, via Loudon, Ky., with the six companies designated by you, and made the scout as directed. We saw no enemy, except 6 or 8, on the opposite side of the river, near Loudon, on the 27th. I heard many rumors as to the enemy, their whereabouts and intentions, but many of them are worthless, on account of the channels through which they came. From the various reports, their sources, and the manner in which they agree and disagree, I am inclined to think that East Tennessee or Tullahoma is threatened with General Burnside, who, I may safely say, is near Crab Orchard, Ky., with his army of about 15,000 or 20,000 men, the extreme advance of which is (perhaps this force) known to be at Williamsburg and London, Ky. From various sources, some of which are entitled to credit, I learned that one brigade of infantry moved from Wild Cat into London, on the 26th ultimo, and from the same sources, nearly, I was informed that the enemy's advance, composed of two regiments (one mounted), came in, the 26th ultimo, again as far as Williamsburg, stopping on the opposite side of the river from town. This i found to be true by examination on the 28th ultimo. at which time they were still there. Their movements, I think, indicate something, and should be watched with the utmost vigilance.

Very respectfully,

A. L. MIMS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.

Colonel G. W. McKENZIE.

APRIL 27, 1863.- Skirmish on Carter Creek Pike, Tenn.

Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

FRANKLIN, April 27, 1863 - 9.20 a. m.

GENERAL: I pushed out my cavalry at 1 o'clock this morning between the Columbia and Carter Creek Pikes, to surprise and capture the Texas Legion, posted 8 miles from here, on the latter. Our troops reached their

21 R R - VOL XXIII, PT I

