
camp at daybreak, surrounded and made prisoners of the entire force, consisting of 9 commissioned officers and 112 men, 300 horses and mules, 8 wagons, all their camp and garrison equipments, arms, accouterments, &amp;c., all this without the loss of a man on our part. Several rebels were killed and wounded. This daring feat shows what our cavalry is made of. The surprise and capture was made almost immediately under the eyes of Van Dorn, within 1 mile of his main body.

Colonel Watkins and captain Russell, of my staff, led the expedition and behaved handsomely.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General W. S. ROSECRANS.

APRIL 27, 1863.- Skirmish at Negro Head Cut, near Woodburn, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.- Benjamin J. Sweet, Twenty-first Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 4.- Lieutenant Patrick H. Dowling, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 5.- J. B. Anderson, Railroad Superintendent.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army.

LOUISVILLE, KY., April 27, 1863.

GENERAL: General Judah telegraphs from Bowling Green that Colonel Sweet, with the force from Gallatin, was attacked this morning, 4 miles north of Franklin; had 4 men wounded, killing 2 rebels, wounding 2, and took 6 prisoners. Rebel force 30 to 50. Still skirmishing. Train all right; will move as soon as skirmishers return.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Eleazer A. Pine, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTER UNITED STATES FORCES,

Gallatin, Tenn., April 30, 1863.

SIR: I send herewith the report of Colonel Sweet, who was in command of the expedition against guerrillas. I heartily approve of his conduct, and say that he and his officers and men filled my expectations. We have since learned that more harm was done the robbers that first anticipated.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

