
having meanwhile broken the wire. Telegraphed Lieutenant Conger, at Franklin, General Judah, at Bowling Green, and you at Gallatin.

The track being repaired, our own wounded and those of the enemy then found being placed in the cars, took the train again until meeting the down-passenger train from Louisville, 3 miles south of Bowling Green; changes cars, and returned to this post, taking on the command of Lieutenant Conger at Franklin, the object of the expedition having been accomplished.

Officers and men all showed good fighting qualities; and my thanks are due to Colonel Smith and his command, Lieutenant Dowling, Company H, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteers, and his command, from Bowling Green, as well as to Lieutenant [A. H.] Trego, One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers, acting adjutant to me. and Lieutenant Hall, Thirteenth Indiana Battery, for their courage and resolution.

The passengers on the train behaved well, keeping quiet till the fight was over.

This attack was made by 52 men, detailed from the brigade of the rebel General Wharton, or Horton, to avenge the capture of the rebel trains at McMinnville, and was led by Captain Gordon, accompanied by Captain Jones, of Morgan's command, who selected the place of attack. The party crossed Cumberland River, near Hartsville, on the might of April 25. Arrived near the place of attack about daylight, April 27.

Our loss is 5 men of the One hundred and second Illinois wounded, 2 mortally, whose names will be found below.* The rebels loss ia known to be 4 killed, who have been found and buried, and 4 wounded; 6 horses and their equipments captured, which were sent under charge of Lieutenant Dowling to Bowling Green.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, yours, to command,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Twenty-first Regiment Wisconsin Vols., Commanding Fort Thomas.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistance Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Patrick H. Dowling, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

COLLEGE HILL, April 27, 1863.

SIR: I beg leave to report that, in compliance with and order issued by you, April 26, I was detailed to take command of 25 men from my company (H), and go as guard with the passenger train to Nashville. On our return, Monday, April 27, we were re-enforced by another guard at Gallatin, of, perhaps, 100 men, commanded by Colonel Sweet, of the Twenty-first Wisconsin. Arriving at a short turn on the railroad, a place (in the woods) called Negro Head Cut, 4 miles north of Franklin, Ky., the train was suddenly fired into by a party of guerrillas, under command of the rebel General Haughton [Wharton] (Captain Gordon then in command.)

---------------

* Names omitted.

---------------

