
Fortunately the train was suddenly stopped, for the track was torn up a few rods in advance. I ordered my men to return the fire through the windows, which they did promptly. As soon as the cars stopped, we were out and formed in line of battle, Colonel Sweet taking command. By this time the guerrillas had retread, and were out of sight, except those who were killed and wounded, 6 in number; 3 killed and 3 severely wounded (1 mortally). Colonel then asked me if my company could deploy as skirmishers? I replied, "Yes." He therefore directed me to take my company and deploy, which we promptly did, advancing eastward through the woods over a very hilly country, capturing 6 horses, saddles, bridles, and halters, and completely putting the rebels to flight. I then advanced about 2 miles, and returned to the cars. The 3 wounded rebels I put on the train and brought to Bowling Green; one of them died on the way, and the other two I placed in charge of the post surgeon for treatment. The horses, saddles, and bridles I also brought here, to be disposed of as you may see proper. The only loss we sustained was 4 men slightly wounded, their shots passing over our heads in the cars. It was very fortunate for us their shots were high, for the balls came think. My opinion is, it was merely a band of guerrillas (or, perhaps, worse); their object to throw the train off the track, rob the train and passengers, and capture the guard.

Yours, most respectfully,

P. H. DOWLING,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. H, 111th Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Commanding Bowling Green, Ky.

Numbers 5. Report of J. B. Anderson, Railroad Superintendent.

NASHVILLE, April 28, 1863.

GENERAL: The main train north on the Louisville and nashville Railroad was attacked by guerrillas yesterday, 4 miles north of Franklin, Ky., at the point where the wood train was burned a few weeks since. General Paine, anticipating trouble, had placed a larger guard than usual on the train. This guard drove the enemy from the field, killing them, and wounding some 4 or 5, who were captured. The guard had 4 or 5 wounded, none, I believe, mortally. No passengers injured, and no damage to the train.

The portion of the road between South Tunnel and Franklin seems more exposed to raids than any other. I would suggest whether it would not be well to place garrisons at Mitchellville, Tenn., and Franklin, Ky., with stockades or earthworks, with sufficient mounted men to patrol that portion of the road.

The garrison at Richland seems very watchful, but have too much line to guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. ANDERSON.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland.

