
APRIL 29, 1863.- Reconnaissance on the Chapel Hill Pike, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Triune, April 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I went to the front this morning with a brigade of infantry, one battery, a small cavalry force, and forage train, as far as Jordan's Store, on the Chapel Hill pike. We found and brough in an abundant supply of good forage. While the trains were loading, I went forward with about 200 cavalry to within about 4 miles of Chapel Hill. The enemy's picket was found at Rigg's Cross-Roads, and retired, skirmishing with our advance. One of the rebels is know to have been killed and several wounded. Three prisoners were taken. No loss on our side.

From conversation with negroes and citizens living within the rebel lines, I am satisfied there is no force in the vicinity of Chapel Hill, except about 500 or 600 cavalry, and that there has been no large force there recently. I failed to ascertain the whereabouts of the main body of the enemy's cavalry.

I am informed that are three large flouring mills at and near Chapel Hill, which furnish large supplies to the rebel army. They can easily be destroyed, if it is deemed advisable. Whether or not, will, I presume, depend upon contemplated movements of our army. I will wait for instructions from the major-general commanding before making such an expedition.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps.

MAY 2, 1863.- Skirmish near Thompson's Station, Tenn.

Abstract from "Record of Events," Cavalry Command, Department of the Cumberland.*

May 2, the First Brigade, under command of Colonel A. P. Campbell, left camp at 3 a. m., on the Lewisburg pike. When about 7 miles south of franklin, near Thompson's Station, at daylight a portion of the command made a charge in to the camp of the enemy, capturing 24 prisoners and killing 2.

MAY 2-6, 1863.- Expedition from Bowling Green, Ky., to Tennessee State Line.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel S. Palace Love, Eleventh Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,May 6, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from headquarters, Bowling Green, Ky., dated may 2, 1863, I proceeded with my regiment (Eleventh

---------------

* From return for month of May, 1863.

---------------

