
Numbers 2. Report of B. F. Weems, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Sparta, May 10, 1863.

MAJOR: I am directed by General [J. A.] Wharton to say that he has just received intelligence of the capture of Colonel Baxter Smith, of Fourth [Eighth] Tennessee Regiment, and 26 of his men, who were on the other side of Caney Fork from his command, on a scout. It was night, and the Federals crossed the river by transports and surrounded his camp with their infantry before he was aware of their coming. The general thinks that the Federals meditate mischief in that section.

Most respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

B. F. WEEMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 12, 1863.- Reconnaissance from La Vergne, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near La Vergne, Tenn., May 12, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to instruction, I have the honor to report as follows:

I left camp with my command as soon as the Third Ohio Cavalry joined, about 2.20 a. m. to-day. arriving at the camp of the First Ohio Cavalry at 5.45 a. m. On arriving there, I placed Colonel Egleston in command of his regiment, 240 men as he reported, and 70 of the Third Ohio, with the following instructions: To divide his command into three columns; the right-hand column going to Jefferson, and leaving a guard of 40 men in the vicinity of Street's Ford, just south of Jefferson, a point where a major of the First Ohio Cavalry, who is better posted in a knowledge of this country than any one I can find, told me the rebels were most likely to cross. This right-hand column was then to come down Stone's River to the Upper Charlton's Ford, leaving guards at all the fords en route. The center column was to move directly east to Charlton's Ford, and remain there until joined by the other two columns. The left-hand column was to move to Steward's Ferry, communicating with Colonel McCook, and then move up Stone's River to Charlton's Ford, leaving guards at the fords, as in the other case. When the three columns had joined at Charlton's Ford, they were to move together to Rural Hill, under Colonel Eggleston, and from that point throw out small scouting parties in different directions, and if he encountered the enemy, to resist him sufficiently to make his develop his force. Inclosed please find dispatch from Colonel Eggleston, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. As the country is very rough, and his command has quite a long march to make. I doubt if he will be able to accomplish it to-day. I will relieve him to-morrow at noon with a portion of my command; but as it is impossible to place a force sufficient to offer any resistance at all of the various crossing of the stream, some 20 miles,

