
I will only leave a small picket to give warming at suitable places, and keep the rest of my command as well concentrated as I can consistently with patrolling the river, and sending small parties across the river to find out which road the rebels contemplate coming. There are 263 men of my regiment here, and 105 of the Third Ohio. There are quite a number of both regiments remaining in camp who should be made to join their commands. It was impossible for to get them all out in the dark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel 4th Ohio Vol. Cav., Commanding Detachment 2nd Cav. Brigadier

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

[Inclosure.]

CHARLTON'S FORD - 3 p. m.

COLONEL: My left column has not got up yet. The right column has just arrived, with only 9 men left, after picketing the fords, so you see my force is small without Major Howland's force. I will make a scout as far as I think prudent this evening, and, if I hear nothing from you, I shall take all the force and make another, and go farther in the morning, at which time I will let you hear from me. Thus far I don't hear of any rebels.

I am, your obedient servant,

B. B. EGGLESTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

MAY 12, 1863.- Skirmish at Linden, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Commander S. Ledyard Phelps, U. S. Navy.

CAIRO, ILL., May 15, 1863.

Following telegram just received from Paducah, May 14, 1863:

Captain PENNOCK, U. S. Navy,

Captain, Commanding Station, Cairo:

Am just down from Tennessee River. Have on board prisoners captured at Linden, Tenn., on the night of the 12th. Took on board gunboats 55 men and horses of First West Tennessee Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel William K. M. Breckenridge; landed them on the east side of the river. Sent gunboats to cover all landings above and below. Colonel Breckenridge dashed across the country to Linden; surprised the rebel force. more than twice his number, capturing Lieutenant-Colonel [W.] Frierson, 1 captain, 1 surgeon, 4 lieutenants, 30 rebel soldiers, 10 conscripts, 50 horses, 2 army wagons, arms, &amp;c. The court-house, which was a rebel depot, was burned, with a quantity of arms and supplies. The enemy lost 3 killed. Our force, none; only 1 horse killed.

Colonel Breckenridge, after his exploit, reached our vessels in safety and recrossed the river. Will send prisoners to Cairo.

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant, commanding Tennessee Division, Mississippi Squadron.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain, commanding.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

