
Cavalry, mortally wounded; Sergeant [Daniel] Gaffney, Company D, slightly; Private [Patrick] Flanagan, Company D, wounded through the shoulder.

I very earnestly recommend the daring bravery of my entire command, who, without exception, fought gallantly and effectively, and particularly Lieutenant Rendlebrock, whose assistance was very valuable in bringing up re-enforcement to render timely assistance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. O'CONNELL,

First Lieutenant Fourth Cavalry, Commanding Squadron.

First Lieutenant W. H. INGERTON,

Sixteenth Infantry, Acting Adjutant Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah B. Park, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 4, from brigade headquarters, the Fourth Regiment Michigan Cavalry moved out of camp at 8 p. m. on the 21st instant, and formed on the Salem pike, in rear of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry and the Seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, and about a mile distant from Murfreesborough; whence it proceeded by a circuitous and rocky route to Middleton. When about 3 miles distant from the latter place, a halt was ordered, to allow the column to close up and get in readiness for the attack. About 2 miles distant from Middleton I received orders from Major General D. S. Stanley to follow the two companies of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, which had been previously thrown out as an advance guard. The remainder of this regiment and the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, in advance of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, had turned to the left. From this point we charged at a furious gallop into and through Middleton,and to the distance of a mile beyond, into to camp of First Regiment Alabama Cavalry, commanded by Colonel W. W. Allen. The two companies of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, constituting the advance guard above referred to, dashed into this camp, taking some prisoners, with whom they immediately fell to the rear. I advanced the regiment some 200 yards beyond the rebel camps, and discovered the enemy drawn up in line of battle on the opposite side of an open field and in the edge of a piece of woods which bordered on it. I immediately dismounted my men advanced them to the edge of the woods on the side of the field nearest us, and opened a fire on the rebels posted opposite us, which was sharply replied to. They, however, broke and ran after a few moments' firing, but with a loss of at least 5 killed and several wounded.

At this juncture I received orders from Colonel R. H. G. Minty, commanding brigade, to deploy to the left and skirmish in that direction. I marched the regiment several hundred yards to the left, until I arrived on the border of another large open field. Seeing nothing of the enemy, I returned to his camp, where I caused to be destroyed a large quantity of camp and garrison equipage, ordnance and ordnance stores, a large number of saddles, between 250 and 300 rifles and muskets, as well as quite a large quantity of clothing. On first passing through the camp I discovered about 300 horses standing tied about the woods and in the

