
limits of the camp, which I subsequently ascertained had been taken by detachments from the brigade of mounted infantry and the Second Cavalry Brigade during the time we were skirmishing with and driving the rebels from the field, as previously stated.

I must not forget to mention the capture of a rebel standard and 3 prisoners by Sergt. Major George W. Clark and Privates [Lewis H.] Wilcox and [Charles F.] Parker, of Company B, who discovered them in a wagon which they had halted and were about to destroy. This occurred while we were skirmishing on the left in the woods, about 1 1/2 miles beyond the camp. The river was using every endeavor to escape with his wagon, and disobeyed the order to halt until fired on. We took 55 prisoners, 2 of whom were commissioned officers. After completing the destruction of all property that could be of any service to the rebels, we started for camp, taking our place in the column, the order of march being the same as when we started. We were closely followed by the enemy, who maintained a continual and harassing fire.

After leaving Middleton, about 5 miles distant, the regiment was dismounted and placed in ambush. The rear guard having passed, the enemy, following closely, showed himself, when, after firing a few shots, which were replied to be us, he undertook to charge in line of skirmishers across the field. We opened a brisk fire, compelling him to retire, with considerable loss, to his former position in the edge and under cover of the woods. They there deployed to the left, and I moved to the head of our column, where I found Major-General Stanley, and, by his order, moved forward 1 mile and drew the regiment up in line on the right of the woods, where I remained until the column had moved by me. Falling in just in advance of the rear guard, we arrived at camp at about noon on the 22nd instant. Please find herewith inclosed a list of casualties and captures.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Captain Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., May 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following property captured by the Fourth Michigan Cavalry at Middleton, Tenn., viz: One carbine, 3 sabers, 1 revolver, 7 horses, and 3 saddles. Also the following list of casualties: One officer and 3 privates wounded (names omitted).

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Cav. Div.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

CAMP TURCHIN, NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

May 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the reports of the commanding officers of the Third and Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry of

