
us rapidly and attacked the rear guard with much spirit. My men returned their fire promptly, and succeeded in checking them for a time, but they again advanced as we resumed our march. In this manner we fell back slowly for several miles, skirmishing continually.

Our loss was 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 1 missing.

The regiment returned to camp the same day, the men having been in the saddle constantly for over eighteen hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DOBB,

Major Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel ELI LONG.

Numbers 9. Report of Major Horace N. Howland, Third Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD OHIO CAVALRY,Camp Turchin, Tenn., May 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for your information, that, in compliance with instructions received from brigade headquarters, I, with a part of the Third Ohio Cavalry, consisting of 127 enlisted men and 9 commissioned officers, reported on the 21st instant, at 7 p. m., at the headquarters of the Fourth Ohio Cavalry, whence we proceeded, pursuant to instructions, to join the First Cavalry Brigade, which was to from on the Salem pike, with the right resting on the bridge across Stone's River, and about 2 miles from Murfreesborough. From this point my command moved with the column out on the Salem pike until we struck the old dirt road leading to Shelbyville through the town of Middleton. The column moved out on this road, and, after marching all night, arrived at and surprised the camps of the Eighth Confederate Cavalry and Alabama Cavalry, in the vicinity of Middleton.

During the skirmishing, and until the camps were destroyed, my command was held in reserve and took no part in either. When the column moved out on the return to Murfreesborough, my command was in the rear of the column. I was ordered to throw out a strong rear guard, which I did, sending out two companies, viz, G and C.

Our rear guard was attacked by small parties of the enemy, and skirmishing was kept up for a distance of 2 to 3 miles on our return march, the enemy being checked alternately by the Third and Fourth Ohio Cavalry falling back and Securing position. Other regiments also took part in the skirmish, but I am not informed what regiments they were.

My command returned to camp at 2.30 p. m. of the 22nd, having sustained a loss of 2 wounded and 1 missing.

Wounded: Sergt. John Reynolds, Company K, arm shattered by musket-ball, and Private Casper Smith, Company K, leg shattered by musket-ball.

Missing: Private Thomas H. Horobin, Company G.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE HOWLAND,

Major Third Ohio Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Detachment Second Cav. Brigadier, Camp Turchin, Tenn.

