
Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY,May 22,1 863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Third Indiana Cavalry, under my command, in the descent on Middleton this instant:

My battalion being in rear of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, brought up the rear of the First Brigade, and in the charge on the rebel camps followed the Fourth Michigan close up, deploying on the left of same and charging through the woods in the direction of Fosterville. We met very little resistance, exchanging only a few shots.

We captured some 12 prisoners, three Sharps' carbines, 8 horses, and 1 mule.

No casualties in my battalion.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. KLEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Stanley, Tenn., May 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, the Seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry numbering 225 men, exclusive of officers, marched, with the First Cavalry Brigade, at 8.30 p. m., May 21.

At daylight on the morning of the 22nd, the command approached the town of Middleton, Tenn., and, while proceeding at a rapid pace, with the intention, as was supposed, of dashing upon a camp of the enemy, being in the immediate rear of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, was inadvertently led from the proper road. It was soon discovered that Major-General Stanley, commanding cavalry, wished the misdirected column to countermarch, and proceed by another road to Middleton.

The delay attending this movement, and the confusion resulting from it, threw my regiment in rear of the brigade, left in front, in this order I proceeded on through the town without coming in sight of the enemy.

On arriving at the southern limits of the town, I was ordered to halt my command and hold it in readiness for any emergency. After standing in column for a short time, I learned that a small detachment of the rebels had shown themselves on our front, and a few shots were exchanged between them and our pickets without effect. I then ordered Captain Dartt to advance with the Fifth Squadron, and ascertain the strength and possible intentions of the enemy, but not to pursue them, should they fall back, fearing that he might be led into ambush or beyond the support of the column. He returned soon after, reporting

