
that he saw about 20 mounted rebels, who fled at his approach. Shots were exchanged, with no injury to our side.

As directed, my regiment then moved toward Murfreesborough, and the First Squadron, commanded by Lieutenant White, was thrown out as flankers to the right. Soon after, I was directed to move up to the guard having charge of the prisoners, support them, throw out another squadron as flankers to the left, and in this order push on to Murfreesborough. Lieutenant Thompson, with the Second Squadron, was thrown out to the left, and I moved steadily forward until we reached the infantry pickets, when my regiment returned to camp.

No captures of any kind were made by this regiment, nor have I any casualties to report.

The officer and men conducted themselves remarkably well throughout the march, which was most fatiguing, and deserve my warmest commendation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. SIPES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ROBERT BURNS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Cav. Div., Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana (Mounted) Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,May 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In the raid upon Middleton, on the 21st, we started in rear of five or six regiments. During the night's march, when the head of column came to favorable roads, they moved rapidly; generally, at such times, we were on extremely rough roads. In keeping closed up, we were forced to ride rapidly over the roughest roads. At least 25 of our horses fell on these rough roads, and, in every instance, the man or horse was so injured that it was necessary to send them back to camp. One horse broke his neck. In the last move, before entering the enemy's camp, we kept up with those in front, and, when in camp, we moved south of their farther camp, placed our regiment in line and dismounted, as no enemy came. I ordered and my men burned all the tents in that camp. We destroyed all the enemy's property, except that which we brought away, consisting of 3 swords, 10 horses, 4 mules, and 10 guns, all of which we need for the use of the regiment.

On our return, we were ordered to dismount six companies and deploy them behind fences, which we did. Afterward we were ordered forward from our position. At that time 50 rebels had laid down fences, and were approaching us. Had the order been delayed five minutes, we would have had them within 100 yards of us.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOMAS J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

