
both cases the rebels were in ambush. Have given orders to take no more prisoners. Received order while out; will come by first chance. Rebels reported in force near ---. Don't believe it.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.

MAY -, 1863.- Skirmish at Mill Springs, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.

LEXINGTON, May 25, 1863 - 6.03.

(Received 7 o'clock.)

GENERAL: The following just received from Somerset:

I have just received report from Major Owens, First Kentucky Cavalry, who is stationed at Mill Springs. rebels have all been driven the river. Three were killed, several wounded, and prisoners and horses captured from them. They have not made much by their raid. Nine of our men, including 5 couriers, are reported captured. In the guards had used proper vigilance, no damage could have been done. More careful men will be assigned to duty there.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

MAY 25, 1863.- Skirmish near Woodbury, tenn.

Report of Colonel William C. P. Breckinridge, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

CAMP HEATH, June 6, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with the other of the general commanding, I submit the following report of the operations of my regiment upon the 25th ultimo:

My picketing required about 90 privates daily, and the pickets were relieved at 9 a. m.

About 10.15 o'clock upon the morning of May 25, when both the old and new pickets were out of camp, I received information from my advanced pickets on the Woodbury road, placed within 1 1/2 miles of Woodbury by order of General [Joseph] Wheeler, through Lieutenant Campbell, that a body of Federal cavalry were advancing upon them. I immediately ordered Captain [T. H.] Hines to take all the well-mounted men of Companies A, C, and E, and re-enforce the picket base, while I moved the regiment from its camp to the Woodbury and McMinnville road. Before Captain Hines had time to move off, I received information that the enemy had driven in the advanced pickets, cutting off three of them, and were advancing with cavalry, infantry, and artillery, I immediately sent a courier to you with this information, and a courier to the officer commanding my chain picket, running to the Georgia pickets, upon my left, ordering that officer to make his

