
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Eagleton Carmicheal, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. 1ST BATTALION 15TH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Corinth, Miss., June 2, 1863.

SIR: After leaving the main command, we camped on the Waynesborough and Florence road, 5 miles north of Lowryville.

On the morning of the 29th, moved on the Waynesborough road to Indian Creek, near Martin's Mills. Learing there that the enemy were on our left, we moved in that direction, travelling a road leading to Gerald's, on the Pinhook and Savannah road, where they had camped the previous night, but did not come up with them. Distance from Savannah, 12 miles. From thence we went to Oldtown, on the Savannah and Waynesborough road, the first place we found enough forage for our stock, and from thence to Savannah.

On the morning of the 29th, after ferrying our ambulances and pack train over the river, we left Savannah about 7.30 o'clock, and moved out on the Clifton road, expecting to form a junction with Colonel Breckenridge, of the First Tennessee Cavalry, it being necessary to have a larger force to operate successfully in that direction, I having learned that [J. B.] Biffle was in that vicinity with his own regiment, a part of Cox's, and all the guerrillas he could collect. This he did so effectually that we found no men at home, except very old ones, and no blacks, except the women and children. We struck Indian Creek 8 miles above its mouth, and went up it, burning corn on both sides of the creek to the amount of 30,000 bushels, and captured nearly 100 horses and mules. That valley we found to be very rich, every foot of arable land being under cultivation, mostly in wheat and corn, but very little cotton. After going 12 miles, I learned that a portion of Biffle's command was within a mile of us, and, turning to the right, I went across the hills, striking the Waynesborough and Savannah road 1 1/2 miles from Oldtown. I there found that a part of the enemy's column was in my front and a part in my rear. Had a slight skirmish with a small squad. They skedaddle. I then turned to the left in the direction of Pinhook, up Turkey Creek. Night coming on, and being compelled to travel over a very rough road, I lost nearly all the stock that was captured that day. I struck the Savannah and Hamburg road, 8 miles from Savannah, at 1 a. m., having traveled nearly 55 miles.

On the morning of the 30th, the enemy appeared on the Hamburg road, and were driven back by the pickets after a small skirmish. they soon made their appearance on all sides of the town in small squads, but were driven back at all points. At 10 o'clock Colonel Biffle sent a flag of truce, demanding an immediate surrender of the forces under my command. I replied, "If Colonel Biffle wants us, he must come and take us, if he can." After the return of the flag of truce, they made no demonstration except on the left, which was repulsed by a squadron which was in position on that flank.

The following is the number of officers and men under my command:

Commissioned officers-field and staff, 1; Company A, 1; Company B, 2; Company C, 2; Company D, 1; Company G, 2; total, 9. Enlisted men-sergeant-major, 1; Company A, 20; Company B, 35; Company C, 25; Company D, 24; Company G, 26; total, 131. Aggregate, 140.

Number of horses and mules confiscated and brought in, and in possession of the regimental quartermaster, 17 mules and 5 horses. We

