
took 4 prisoners during the expedition, two on this side of the river and two on the other side.

The above is very respectfully submitted.

E. CARMICHAEL,

Captain Company B, Commanding Detachment of Fifteenth Illinois Cav.

Lieutenant J. F. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26-JUNE 2, 1863.-Scout from Fort Heiman, Ky.

Report of Major Hans Mattson, Third Minnesota Infantry.

FORT HEIMAN, KY., June 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of special orders from post headquarters, I started, on the 26th of May last, on a scouting expedition, with Companies B, D, G, and H, third Minnesota Infantry, also two detachments of Companies A and D, Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

After marching 5 miles, I deployed the infantry as skirmishers, covering the west side of the Tennessee and both sides of Big Sandy Rivers. We thus scoured the country thoroughly through Henry, Benton, Carroll, Weakley, and part of Decatur Counties, Tennessee. We found Confederate soldiers and guerrillas in small parties scattered aloin the Tennessee and Sandy Rivers, and ascertained that there is a large recruiting station near the east side of the Tennessee River, below Duck River, with a rebel camp of 400 to 600 men, and that this force constantly sends small parties across the Tennessee River, who gather up recruits and steal horses, and otherwise annoy the loyal citizens on this side. These parties mostly swim their horses across the river, the men crossing in skiffs or canoes.

We destroyed along the bank of the river, mostly in the vicinity of the mouth of Duck River, 2 large flat-boats, 7 large skiffs, and 6 canoes.

We had several little skirmishes with small squads of the enemy, the largest party any of my men found numbering only 15. In these skirmishes we killed 1 and wounded 5, either guerrillas or soldiers. We captured 4 officers: Lieutenant-Colonel Dawson, First Tennessee Cavalry; Captain Howard, First Tennessee Cavalry; Major Algee, noted guerrilla chief; Captain Grizzell, noted guerrilla chief, and 11 privates, some guerrillas and some soldiers; also 16 horses and 11 mules, with saddles, &amp;c. We also captured a large private rebel mail.

I lost 2 men missing, one a soldier in the Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, name unknown to me; the other, John C. Hancock, Company G, Third Minnesota Infantry, was wounded, and is supposed to be a prisoner. F. M. Joy, Company G, Third Minnesota Infantry, was slightly wounded in the shoulder.

The conduct of Corpl. Jesse Barrick, Company H, Third Minnesota Infantry, is particularly worthy of mention. He captured, singlehanded, the two desperate guerrilla officers, Major Algee and Captain Grizzel, both of whom were together and well armed at the time.

Captain Vanstrum, commanding Company D, Third Minnesota Infantry, not having yet returned with his command, I cannot give a correct report of his doings in Weakley County, but have been informed

23 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

