
by a messenger that he has captured a number of guerrillas and horses. He will make a full report to the district provost-marshal at Columbus, on his arrival there.

Respectfully submitted.

H. MATTSON,

Major Third Minnesota Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. H. BLAKELY,

Post Adjutant.

MAY 27-28, 1863.-Reconnaissance from Murfreesborough, on Manchester Pike, Tenn.

Report of Major General James S. Negley, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, May 27, 1863-12 m.

SIR: The reconnoitering party has returned. Conduct and report satisfactory. Discovered the rebel vedettes one-half mile east of Big Creek. Found a Georgia regiment (mounted infantry) stationed at Trace Creek, southwest of Hoover's Gap. They formed near Alaman's, using the house for a defense. Our men engaged them sharply, driving them back, skirmishing about an hour, with the knowledge of killing 2 and wounding 8 or 10.

Having instructed the officer in command not to advance through Hoover's Gap, or remain in view of the enemy any length of time, he returned accordingly, reporting no casualties in his command.

I have the honor to remain, your, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 29, 1863.-Skirmish near Mill Springs, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.

LEXINGTON, May 30, 1863-7 p. m.

GENERAL: Following just received from Carter:

I sent a force across the river last night at Smith's Shoals, under Colonel Kautz, and a small party at Mill Springs, under Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, first Kentucky. They took 33 prisoners, and severely wounded 1 other. Arms and horses were also captured. So far as I have learned, we have sustained no loss, except 1 man, of the First Kentucky, who accidentally shot himself. The advance was within 5 miles of Monticello. Colonel Kautz reports nine regiments in the vicinity of Monticello-six of cavalry and three of infantry. I shall start 42 prisoners of war to Lexington in the morning. We are now, unless we have sustained some loss not reported to me, more than compensated for former losses. Morgan is said to be at Burkesville.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

