
MAY 30, 1863.-Skirmish at Jordan's Store, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General John M. Brannan, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Triune, Tenn., May 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a scouting party from the First East Tennessee Cavalry to-day encountered about 50 rebel cavalry at Jordan's Store, on the Chapel Hill pike, and drove them beyond Rigg's Cross-Roads. Major Burkhart, of that regiment, with a small party, endeavoring to cut off a portion of this party in their retreat, came upon 3 men, who, on being ordered to surrender, at first signified their intention to do so, but seeing a strong party of rebels coming down on their captors, immediately commenced firing on Major Burkhart, declaring that they would never surrender to "any damned Yankee niggler-stealers." Major Burkhart was consequently obliged to shoot these men in self-defense, and to insure his escape. There were no casualties on our side.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

JUNE 2, 1863.-Skirmish at Jamestown, Ky.

Report of Colonel Henry Bowman, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Ninth Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Jamestown, Ky., June 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I arrived at this place at 4.30 o'clock this morning. The roads were in bad condition, which tended to delay us. I was obliged to move slowly, as many of the men were foot-sore and weary from the effects of the tedious marches of last week. One hour was taken to allow the men to make coffee. The Thirty-sixth had just staked arms, at 4.30 o'clock this morning, when sharp musketry firing was heard, and in few minutes the cavalry picket came rushing into tow pursued by rebel cavalry. The troops were immediately under arms, and dispositions made to meet the attack. Seeing our preparation, the rebels retired precipitately, and from reliable parties I learn they have recrossed the Cumberland. One prisoner was captured, together with three weapons. From the prisoner I learn that the rebel force numbered 300 men, and were a portion of the command of Pegram.

I would respectfully recommend that a force of efficient cavalry be stationed at this point, as the first intimation we received of the rebels' approach this morning was the sudden retreat of our pickets to the town, pursued by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BOWMAN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, First Division.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

