
JUNE 3, 1863.-Skirmish near Murfreesborough, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2.-Major Frank W. Mix, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 5, 1863.

SIR: At about 1.30 p. m. on the 3rd instant, a corporal of the Seventh Pennsylvania, who had been on picket on the Manchester pike, came in and reported that the picket had been attacked and driven in, and he feared that many of them had been captured, and that the rebels were crossing in considerable force toward the Wartrace road, with the evident intention of cutting off the picket stationed there. I immediately had the Seventh Pennsylvania, Fourth Michigan, and Third Indiana saddle up, and, within five minutes from the time the corporal arrived in camp, Major Mix, with 100 men of the Fourth Michigan, was moving out to the support of the picket on the Wartrace road, and I had reported to the general commanding the division. A few moments later Lieutenant F. H. Geety, Seventh Pennsylvania, came in with his picket from the Manchester road, having been relieved by Lieutenant Hedges, Fourth U. S. Cavalry. He reported that he had been skirmishing with the enemy from 9 a. m. until he was relieved, nd that a few shots had been exchanged between the rebels and the pickets of the Fourth Cavalry.

A little after 2 p. m. I received orders from General Turchin to take three regiments on the Bradyville pike to the point occupied by our pickets. Arriving on the Bradyville pike, I met General Turchin (who was witnessing the review of General Negley's division), and also Lieutenant Webster reported that the enemy had not appeared on that pike. General Turchin ordered me to take the three regiments out on the Manchester pike, but on my representing to him that Major Mix was engaged on the Wartrace road with a superior force, and that by going out on that road I could support him, and also take the attacking force on the Manchester road in flank and rear, he allowed me to take Wartrace road, and directed me to send the Fourth U. S. Cavalry on the Manchester pike. When arriving at the infantry pickets, a courier from Major Mix reported that the enemy had opened fire with three pieces of artillery. I therefore directed Lieutenant Newell to bring up his section as quickly as possible.

On arriving at the front, I found that Major Mix had driven the rebels across Stone's River, where they were strongly posted on the hill near Colonel Norman's house, their sharpshooters being well covered by the corn-cribs and outbuildings on the side of the hill. I pushed the skirmishers of the Fourth Michigan well down to the river, and Lieutenant Newell arriving on the ground immediately after, I had one of his guns brought into position, and a few shells dispersed the enemy, when I

