
ordered the Fourth Michigan to cross the river, and directed Colonel Park to push his regiment well to the front and then to burn the outbuildings on Colonel Norman's property, but to spare the house. I also ordered that the mail near the old bridge should be burned, as it was also used by the enemy. When this duty was performed, I returned to camp, sending the Seventh Pennsylvania around by the Manchester road. The negroes at Colonel Norman's stated that a brigade of rebel cavalry and mounted infantry, with seven pieces of artillery, was in position in rear of the house when my artillery opened on them.

The rebels carried away 4 of their men. My only casualty was Private [Martin] Cloonan, Fourth Michigan, slightly wounded in the hand by a piece of shell.

Inclosed I hand you Major Mix's report.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Frank W. Mix, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 4, 1863.

SIR: On the 3rd instant, about 1.30 p. m., I received orders from the colonel commanding to take 100 men and go immediately to our pickets on the Wartrace road, as our pickets had been attacked and driven back.

I arrived on the ground about 2 o'clock. I found the cavalry reserve of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, under Lieutenant Vanantwerp, on the ground occupied by the reserve, but that we had been driven back two or three times, and were then skirmishing with 200 or 300 of the rebel cavalry. After taking a look at them, I sent an orderly back to brigade headquarters, and immediately sent forward two companies, under Captain Leach, mounted, as skirmishers. He drove them a short distance, when they dismounted, and, getting behind a fence, they had the advantage of us. I recalled my men and sent forward two other companies, dismounted, under Captains Pritchard and Hathaway, who drove them about three-fourths of a mile and across the river. The enemy now opened on us with two pieces of artillery at short range. Their firing was so accurate that I was obliged to move the rest of my command under cover of a hill. I called the most of my skirmishers, leaving only enough to watch their movements.

In the mean time I had sent Captain Robbins to the Manchester pike to ascertain the cause of the firing in that direction. He soon returned with the information that about 500 of the rebel cavalry were drawn up in line a field lately occupied by our vedettes.

I was now joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Pike with the balance of the regiment. We sent out scouts in different directions, but before they returned Colonel Minty came up, bringing the Seventh Pennsylvania, Third Indiana, and Lieutenant Newell's section of artillery. The artillery soon drove them from the old buildings on the opposite side of the river where they had taken shelter. I was sent across the river to burn the

