
buildings and scour the country. I found the enemy had all fallen back, so I burned the buildings and rejoined the command, arriving in camp about 9 o'clock.

We wounded 3 of the rebels; no casualties on our side. As near as I could judge, they had about 300 men on the Wartrace road; but from information I obtained on the opposite side of the river, they had more than that, with six pieces of artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MIX,

Major Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Cavalry Brigade, Second Division.

JUNE 4, 1863.-Skirmish at Snow Hill, Tenn.*

Report of Colonel J. R. Butler, Third Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).
HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Smithville, June 5, 1863.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday is at hand, written, I presume, before mine advising of the attack made on me at Libery at 4 p. m. yesterday was received, as no mention is made of its receipt. The enemy have made no further demonstration since the attack yesterday; but finding them in heavy force, with artillery, and trying to flank my position, I deemed it advisable to fall back to this place last night, and await orders. My scout, 130 strong, under Captain [R. W.] Hooks, attacked the enemy at Black's Shop yesterday at daylight, and drove their pickets into their breastworks at that place, and found two infantry brigades in line to receive them. They also had artillery. After a brisk skirmish my scout retired. We found no pickets at Bone's Ford. The pickets whom I feared were captured yesterday have come in; also my forage and commissary details, with the exception of about 55 men. Four wagons are also still out, two of which, I regret to say, were captured at Alexandria.

The enemy advanced upon Libery and Alexandria simultaneously yesterday, coming on the Murfreesborough and Auburn pike. My scout on that road had returned to camp but a short time before the attack was made. Another small scout saw the enemy as they passed a few miles from the forks of the pike, and reports them in heavy force, marching by fours at a rapid trot. They were mostly mounted infantry, and had a large wagon train loaded; also twelve pieces of artillery in the rear. My scouts report the enemy having no pickets this side of Stone's River, and learned from citizens that they had drawn their pickets much closer in toward Murfreesborough. I have sent out three scouts this morning toward Liberty and Alexandria, to ascertain the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. R. BUTLER,

Colonel, Commanding Harrison's Cavalry Brigade.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Army Corps, McMinnville.

---------------

*See also June 4-5, 1863. Scout to Smithville, Tenn, p. 364.

---------------

