
JUNE 4, 1863.-Engagement at Franklin, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John P. Baird, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Triune, June 5, 1863.

GENERAL: The rebels, in considerable force, attempted to surround our forces yesterday at Franklin. Our siege guns opened and kept them at bay. Shortly after the firing began, Colonel Baird signaled me that the rebels were attacking briskly, and getting between him and Nashville. I at once sent all the cavalry to cross Harpeth, at Nichol Mill, and attack them in rear; also one brigade of infantry direct to Franklin and take have fallen back. I have ordered our infantry and cavalry to return, and expect them in to-night.

Things here and at Franklin are satisfactory. We have ten days' rations here and ninety at Franklin. I can't report details until tomorrow. I want two guns for Smith's regular battery, Brannan's division; I will furnish the horses and men. There are to 24-pounder field howitzers in Nashville belonging to this battery, but Porter has put them in the fort. When am I to have Crook's division? I wish you would give orders to the staff to fill my requisitions without delay. It is all for your benefit, not mine.

General Mitchell has reported, and will assume command of the cavalry the moment it returns. He desires me to say that he wishes McCook's brigade ordered here forthwith. I deem it important to have Mitchell's whole division here as early as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General W. S. ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough.
HEADQUARTERS UNITES STATES FORCES,Triune, Tenn., June 6, 1863.

GENERAL: Captain [James] Clifford and Lieutenant [Henry C.] Wharton have returned from Franklin, and from them I learn that the place was attacked on the 4th instant by three brigades, under Forrest, Armstrong, and Starnes.

Our cavalry reached there just before night, attacked the rebels in flank and rear, and drove them off. The Second Michigan and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry had a sharp skirmish, capturing General Armstrong, 17 of his body guard, and his battle-flag. Armstrong afterward escaped, but the flag and prisoners are in our hands. The firing from the siege guns was very unsatisfactory, and seemed to have little effect. I don't

