
consider Colonel Baird the man for the place. I shall be compelled to make a change if only that small force is to be left there. Van Derveer's brigade returns to-day; a portion of the cavalry remains until to-morrow.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Murfreesborough, Tenn.

TRIUNE, June 6, 1863-1 p. m.

GENERAL: The following was received from Franklin:

Captain RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We made a reconnaissance on the Columbia road to-day; found a heavy force of cavalry and mounted infantry, under command of Forrest, yesterday; the enemy had eight guns. We found their force to-day 3 miles out.

Am I to remain here, or return to Triune? The Tennessee cavalry and your escort will be back in the morning.

VAN DERVEER,

Colonel.

I have directed Van Derveer's brigade and part of the cavalry to remain at Franklin until further orders. I do not think it safe to withdraw them.

GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John P. Baird, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

FRANKLIN, June 6, 1863. (Received 6 p. m.)

GENERAL: Dispatch just received. The attack commenced at 3 p. m., 4th. From information derived from prisoners, I think Forrest's whole force advanced-three brigades and two regiments. Forrest was with them. They sent Armstrong's brigade to my left and Starnes' to the right, working toward Brentwood. I know Forrest was personally in command, and we took prisoners from all the regiments in Armstrong's brigade. Below you will find a full report of amount of ammunition expended and on hand. They would not come in range of howitzers, but drove in my pickets and little force of cavalry; had two batteries; only opened with one, but soon got range, and I had to fire on them to force them to change position; also to support my pickets. I did not fire on Thursday at a range more than average of a mile; they came to town and I shelled them out. Colonel Campbell came in on my left with a brigade of cavalry, sent from Triune by General Granger, and drove Armstrong back, taking 10 prisoners. Friday morning, Colonel Van Derveer arrived with brigade of infantry and battery from Triune, and assumed command of forces here at noon. Early in the morning yesterday quite a large force appeared on Columbia pike, and I fired a few shots to dislodge them; they finally fell back. Our loss is remarkably small, but am sorry to report Colonel Faulkner, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry,

