
wounded mortally. Colonel Van Derveer left at noon to-day, taking with him all the force General Granger sent here, although Granger ordered him to send the cavalry. I am satisfied they will attack within twenty-four hours, as they are hovering around. They evidently expected to take the place, and made it hot fort two or three hours; and, but for the timely aid from Granger, would have renewed the attack in force yesterday. It is impossible to prevent them from ascertaining our movements, with the force I have to picket the various roads, and I would like permission to burn up the town, so I can see the front. Reports of our loss were made while Colonel Van Derveer was in command, but it will not exceed 10 killed and wounded. We took 28 prisoners, and the enemy must have lost fully as many more killed and wounded. If attacked, I will fight as long as we can fire a shot.

Report of ammunition.-Number of rounds on hand: 30-pounder Parrott, 132 rounds shell; 24-pounder rifled gun, 149 rounds shell; 24-pounder rifled gun, 140 rounds solid shot; 24-pounder rifled gun, 60 rounds canister; 8-inch howitzer, 298 rounds spherical case shell; 8-inch howitzer, 220 fixed shall, and 8-inch howitzer, 70 rounds canister. Number expended: 30-pounder Parrott, 58 rounds shell; 24-pounder rifled 51 rounds shell. There was no light ammunition used except in picket firing. I sent through report of ammunition early this morning to Granger, by signal. A mistake occurred on spherical case shell-592 reported, and we only have 298. Signal Corps has been very efficient.

Respectfully,

J. P. BAIRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Triune, Tenn., June 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of the First Brigade, First Division Cavalry, near Franklin, Tenn., on the evening of the 4th of June, 1863:

I was reported to proceed to Franklin with this brigade on the afternoon of the 4th of June. I meet the enemy's pickets of General Armstrong's command about 1 1/2 miles east of Franklin, between the river and the Murfreesborough road. The enemy made an attack on the flank of the Second Michigan. The Sixth Kentucky made a charge on the enemy's pickets, driving them across the Harpeth River and across the Lewisburg pike. The Second Michigan dismounted and deployed as skirmishers on the enemy's center; the Fourth Kentucky on the left of the Second Michigan, supported on the flanks by the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry. The Fourth Kentucky Cavalry made a charge on the enemy's right; the Second Michigan advanced and attacked the center, pressing them hard. The enemy then fell back in great disorder, not being able to rally to form another line. Could I have had another hour of daylight, I could have taken the whole command of General Armstrong, but the night was so very dark that it was impossible to follow me.

