
JUNE 4-5, 1863.-Scout to Smithville, Tenn.*

Abstract from "Record of Events," Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, commanded by Colonel Eli Long.+

June 4, Colonel Paramore, with the Third, Fourth, and Tenth Ohio Regiments, went on a scout, accompanying Colonel Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry. Skirmished with rebel cavalry at Snow Hill, 25 miles from Murfreesborough. Drove them from their position and encamped near Liberty.

June 5, Colonel Paramore moved with his brigade and two regiments of mounted infantry toward Smithville, 12 miles from Liberty. Just below Liberty, encountered rebel skirmishers. Met no heavy resistance until reaching Smithville, where [Thomas] Harrison's brigade of rebel cavalry was encountered and fought for some hours. Drove them back a mile, when they again formed in the woods and resisted stoutly, but were again defeated and fell back in confusion. Colonel Paramore lost 2 men of the Third Ohio, wounded. Rebel loss unknown, they carrying off their wounded.

JUNE 6, 1863.-Skirmish at Waitsborough, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 7, 1863-11.50 a. m.

GENERAL: The following just received from General Carter:

Captain Scott, of the Forty-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry, crossed the river yesterday at Waitsborough, with 35 men, surprised and captured 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 3 sergeants, and 10 privates of the Sixty-fifth (rebel) North Carolina Regiment, together with horses and arms, and crossed the river last evening at mouth of Fishing Creek, without loss. I wish to bring Captain Scott to the particular notice of the commanding general as one of the most gallant officers of the command.

CARTER.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General G. L. HARTSUFF.

JUNE 6, 1863.-Skirmish on the Shelbyville Pike, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U S. Army.

JUNE 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I advanced as far as Colonel Lytle's house, and ran upon a rebel battery; got up artillery and drove it away, after a brisk skirmish. Colonel Lytle says General Cheatham's division, with General Martin's cavalry, was on our front to-day. He saw both generals, and understood from them that there was a move of the whole army, the direction being toward Triune. This is confirmed by many citizens, as well as negroes. General Stanley joined me at Colonel Lytle's; he had pushed the enemy to within 10 miles of Middleton; had 3 men wounded. He confirms

---------------

*See also p. 358; and Butler to Wheeler, Part II, p. 863.

---------------

+From return for June, 1863.

