
the report of rebels moving westward. I have left Carlin's brigade here, the other two at Stone's River Bridge. My loss is 1 killed and several wounded. Will be at my headquarters in an hour.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 7, 1863.-Skirmish near Edmonton, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Charles D. Pennebaker, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain William J. Davis, Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Morgan's cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles D. Pennebaker, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry.

MUNFORDVILLE, June 8, 1863.

SIR: A scouting party of 70 men, sent out from Glasgow, was attacked and repulsed near Edmonton yesterday afternoon by a force of 400 rebel cavalry. Our loss is about 20 captured. All quiet here.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William J. Davis, Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Morgan's cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, MORGAN'S CAVALRY,Haynes', near Chestnut Mound, June 11, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to extract of Special Orders, Numbers 4, dated Brigade Headquarters, Albany, Ky., June 5, 1863, I proceeded on the evening of the 6th instant across the cumberland River with a scout, consisting of 130 from [B. W.] Duke's regiment, "obtain information concerning the enemy's movements, and to accomplish such practicable results as may harass or annoy the enemy." I encamped at Cheatham's, 6 miles from the river, on the Burkesville and Creelsborough road.

Early on the morning of the 7th instant I marched to Marrowbone Church, there to unite, as previously determined, with Captain [G. M.] Tilford, commanding detachment of 50 men from [D. H.] Smith's regiment. Having placed Captain [W. H.] Jones in command of the detachment form Duke's regiment and Captain Tilford in command of Smith's detachment, I moved the battalion in the direction of Glasgow, the advance guard under Lieutenant [J. H.] Hopkins, consisting of 25 men, and the rear guard (15 men), under Lieutenant [James H.] Ferguson. Arriving at the forks of the roads leading, respectively, to Edmonton and

