
Button's Cross-Roads, I learned that a detachment of the Fifth Indiana (United States) Cavalry, consisting of 75 men, in command of Captain [M. D.] Leeson, had left that point at 8 a. m., moving rapidly to Glasgow. I determined to intercept this party by marching, via Button's Cross-Roads, to Randolph. It was then 10 a. m., and the prospects of overtaking this force of the enemy by direct pursuit in rear were not so decided as by rapid marching to cut them off.

Upon arriving at Button's Cross-Roads, I obtained reliable information that Captain [W. S.] Edwards of [R. M.] Grano's regiment, with a small force, was in imminent danger of defeat and capture near Edmonton by the enemy of whom I was in pursuit. I immediately changed my original design and moved rapidly toward Edmonton. Upon reaching that point, I was informed that Captain Edwards' party had been dispersed, and that several of his men had been made prisoners, and that the enemy had left Edmonton but a half hour before. I double-quicked the column in pursuit, and overtook the enemy at Woods', 4 miles from Edmonton, at 3.30 p. m. They had strongly posted themselves in a barn and adjacent outbuildings, approachable in front through open fields instant 100 yards. Concealing the disposition of my command in the bed of a creek 200 yards in their front, while Lieutenant J. H. Hopkins with the advance guard engaged them in front, I detached 60 men, under Captain Jones, with Lieutenants [George B.] Eastin and [Thomas] Knight, to make a circuit to their left, gain the woods in rear, dismount and advance against their left, and Lieutenant Thomas [H.] Morgan, with Lieutenant [Ben. S.] Drake, with a like number, to make a similar demonstration upon the right of the foe. I then dismounted Captain Tilford's detachment, and with them, deployed at intervals of 5 paces, advanced rapidly these dispositions been perfected and the movements ordered begun, when the enemy, detaching himself from his defenses, began a tumultuous and disorderly retreat-I should say flight. I at once ordered Captain Jones and Lieutenant Morgan, who had not been allowed time by the cowardly Fifth Indiana detachment to gain their position, to press upon the rear of the fleeing enemy, while I employed Captain Tilford's command in collecting the scattered arms, in catching the enemy's horses running riderless, and in making prisoners of those of the foe unable to regain their horses. The rout was most complete, and the engagement lasted not more than eight minutes. The pursuit was continued to within 6 miles of Glasgow, and was discontinued only when the last Yankee on the road was captured. The substantial results of the engagement may be thus set forth:

The enemy lost 2 killed and 4 wounded, 40 horses, 30 guns and accouterments, 20 pistols, and 15 prisoners, while my command succeeded in releasing 9 soldiers of this division who had fallen into their hands. On our side none killed or wounded; but 2 horses killed and 3 wounded of the advanced guard.

I cannot accord too much praise to the gallant officers and soldiers who were placed under my command in this scout. To Lieutenant Hopkins for his alertness and promptness in the advance; to Captain Jones and Lieutenant Morgan, respectively leading their detachments in the pursuit, and to Captain Tilford, commanding the center, I am particularly indebted for the success of the skirmish, while my thanks have been heartily tendered to H. Barlow and F. Ritchie, Duke's regiment, for their efficiency and intelligence as guides. Indeed, to the information elicited by them is to be mainly attributed the success of the expedition.

