
I returned to Marrowbone Store on the evening of the 7th, having marched 77 miles during that day, and on the next day proceeded to the camp of the regiments. Finding that in my absence the command had been ordered to Tennessee, I moved in its rear until 10th instant, when I rejoined the brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Commanding Scout.

Co. D. H. SMITH,

Commanding First Brigade, Morgan's Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,McMinnville, June 15, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the highest commendation of the gallant officer and the brave men for the skill and courage shown in this affair.

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 8-10, 1863.-Expedition from Glasgow, Ky., to Burkesville and Tennessee State Line, and skirmish (June 9) at Kettle Creek, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Felix W. Graham, Fifth Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army, of skirmish at Kettle Creek, Ky.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Felix W. Graham, Fifth Indiana Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Glasgow, Ky., June 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I marched from this place on Monday, 8th instant, at 4 p. m., with 250 men of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, with the four mountain howitzers belonging to that regiment, under command of Colonel Horace Capron, and 300 men of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, under command of Major Hugh, and proceeded to Ray's Cross-Roads, where I went into camp at 10 p. m. Major Woolley's command, consisting of 100 men of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, which had been sent at an early hour of the morning to Edmonton, joined me at 11 p. m. At 3 a. m., 9th, I moved cautiously down the Burkesville road with my original command, leaving Major Woolley with his command as a rear guard. Ten miles from Ray's Cross-Roads halted, that the men might get their breakfasts and feed their horses. Here I learned that a party of Johnson's were running the rebel mills mentioned in your orders. As soon as possible I put my column in motion, sending Companies A and G, Fifth Indiana, out as advance guard, under command of Lieutenant John O'Neil, Company I, Fifth Indiana Cavalry. On arriving at the mail, found the rebels had left the day previous, going across the Cumberland River. I here learned from citizens, whom Johnson has pressed into service to haul supplies into his

