
camp, that his force was lying near Mud Camp Ford, on the opposite side of the Cumberland, and that his command numbered 300. I determined at once to attack Johnson's force, and, if possible, kill or capture it. After sending orders to Major Woolley to move down on to Mashaes' Creek, near the river, I took up line of march for Johnson's camp. On my way to the river captured 5 of his men, whose statements confirmed those previously received regarding the number of his command; also learned that he was about to move to Albany.

Sent Colonel Capron, with 150 of his men and the four howitzers, to Mud Camp Ford, to protect my recrossing in case of a reverse, and with 75 men of the Fourteenth Illinois, under command of Captain Sanford, and 275 men of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, under command of Major Haugh, I crossed the river at Beard's Ford. On crossing my force, I learned that Johnson had left three hours in advance of me. I at once moved on after him on the Albany road, but soon learned that both [A. R.] Johnson and [D. W.] Chenault, with their regiments, were 5 miles in advance of me, and the roughness of the roads would prevent me from catching them.

I now learned that [O. P.] Hamilton's command was encamped on Kettle Creek, in Turkey Neck Bend, 7 miles distant. Resting my men and horses a short time, I pushed on to pay my respects to him. My advance guard came upon 2 of his men, who escaped and gave information of my coming. I now moved up my command rapidly, sending out an advance guard of 25 men of Company A, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, under Lieutenant O'Neil, supported by Companies A, D, and K, same regiment. They soon came up with the enemy, 3 miles this side of his camp, drawn up in line of battle, 100 strong. Lieutenant O'Neil, bringing his men into line, advanced and poured a volley into the rebel ranks, upon which they fled, without firing a gun. I immediately gave cause, pressing the enemy so closely as to compel him to throw away guns, coats, hats, &amp;c., with which articles the road was strewn for 3 miles. On coming to Hamilton's camp I expected to find his command ready to receive us. In accordance with previous arrangements, Lieutenant O'Neil, with the advance guard and his support, took the orad leading to the right of Hamilton's camp, to cut off his retreat up Kettle Creek, while Major Haugh, with the main column, took the road up the creek to the left of his camp. On coming up to his camp, found it deserted, the enemy having fled precipitately before the arrival of my force. Chase was given immediately, and the result was the killing and wounding of a number of rebels, capture of two pieces of artillery and a few prisoners. My horses being now very tired and worn down, I recalled my forces and took up line of march for the river. Major Quigg, commanding detachment of the Fourteenth Illinois, was ordered to join colonel Capron at Mud Camp Ford, while I took Major Haugh, with Fifth Indiana Cavalry, and started to join Major Woolley's command. The night was very dark, and, having no guides, we lost our way, and did not reach his camp till just at daylight. I ordered men and horses to be fed, and Major Haugh to report to Major Woolley with his command, and the whole of the command then to march to Ray's Cross-Roads, and there await the arrival of Colonel Capron's command. My whole force concentrated at Ray's Cross-Roads on the night of the 10th. On the morning of the 11th, left a detachment of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry and the Fifth Indiana Cavalry at Cross-Roads, under command of Major Tompkins, with orders to remain at that point. The balance of the two regiments marched to Glasgow. The result of the expedition is the total rout of Major Hamilton's command, killing about 40 men, capturing 36

