
prisoners, 2 twelve-pounder howitzers, 7 wagons, 40 horses and mules, 7 head of cattle, a large quantity of flour, meal, corn, &amp;c., about $10,000 in confederate notes, all of their camp equipage, &c.; 7 of the wagons, with ammunition, guns, saddles, &c., were burned, it being impossible to haul them. The howitzers are not mounted, the enemy having destroyed the carriages before abandoning them.

The mill on Marrow bone that I was ordered to burn I did not destroy, as it belongs to a loyal citizen of the United States. I ordered it stopped, and not to run without orders from your headquarters.

In concluding my report, I have to state that only a very small force of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry had an opportunity to fight, and the little fighting that was done was by the officers and men of that regiment. The officers and men of the Fourteenth Illinois had no opportunity, though they pressed forward eagerly, and, had there been a change for them, would have done good service. I take occasion to make special mention of Lieutenant O'Neil and Lieutenant Angel, of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry, and the men under their command. No officers or soldiers could have done better than they. O'Neil killed 2 with his saber, while Angel shot 3 men with his revolver, who were attempting to load one of the howitzers. I desire to thank all the officers and men of my command for their good conduct and prompt response to all my orders.

Very respectfully, your, &c.,

F. W. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain D. W. H. DAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

GLASGOW, KY., June 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

Colonel Graham and his officers and men are favorably commended to the notice of the major-general commanding the Twenty-third Army Corps.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John M. Morgan, C. S. Army, of skirmish at Kettle Creek, Ky.

McMINNVILLE, June 12, 1863.

The enemy surprised Hamilton's battalion at Kettle Creek, Ky., on the 9th instant, capturing two pieces of artillery, wagons and stores, $25,000 public funds, and many men and horses, scattering the entire command. Major [O. P.] Hamilton had been ordered to report to Colonel R. C. Morgan, but refused. There is now no force on the Cumberland River and the entire rear of this flank is exposed to raids, which no doubt the enemy will attempt, and, if successful, with most disastrous results.

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER.

24 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

