
JUNE 9, 1863.-Affairs at Monticello and Rocky Gap, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel August V. Kautz, Second Ohio Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.

LEXINGTON, June 9, 1863-4.20 p. m.

GENERAL: The following telegram is just received from General Carter:

I have just heard from Colonel Kautz, commanding cavalry brigade, who has reached Monticello. Skirmishing commenced at 8 this a. m., and continued for 8 miles, our force driving the rebels, under Pegram, steadily before them. Our advance went 4 miles beyond Monticello. Rebels lost 2 killed (left on the field), 10 wounded, some 20 prisoners, besides 10 stand small-arms and 20 rounds howitzer ammunition. Three men of the Second Ohio Cavalry were wounded. Officers and men behaved with great gallantry. I have sent forward re-enforcements, and, if it is desired, I will, on the arrival of the infantry and Tennessee batter, move across the river and drive the rebels in toward Clinton County. Please answer.

CARTER,

General.

I have directed him to pursue them as far as possible with safety to his communications.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

JUNE 9, 1863.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Lexington, Ky.:

Telegraph General Carter to thank Colonel Kautz's command for their gallant behavior to-day.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, June 10, 1863.

GENERAL: The following has just been received from General Carter:

I have sent 600 picket men to Sanders, besides 700 from First Tennessee, and 200 and section of guns from Gilbert. Our party returned last evening from Monticello. His rear guard was attacked 18 miles from here, and a brisk engagement ensued. I have not received official report of our losses, but learn 4 were killed and 20 wounded. Have not learned rebel loss, but 5 dead were seen in edge of wood. Officers state there were 15 to 20 killed and a proportional number wounded. Colonel Carter and Lieutenant [Jesse] Law had horses shot under them. Colonels Carter and Kautz, officers and men, deserve thanks for their gallantry. Our force is now this side of the river.

CARTER.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

