
LEXINGTON, June 10, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

General Carter did not cross according to your orders; he did not receive them. I sent to him yours to me to-day informing me of your orders to him, and I have sent him your last, asking if he had moved. Sanders' command is moving toward Mount Vernon to-day, but I have ordered it halted until I hear from you. After you receive my telegram of 7.30 p. m. to-day, if I do not hear from you to-night, I will order him early to-morrow to move, which he is probably preparing to do now. I hope to hear from you soon.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 10, 1863.

The following just received from General Carter:

If it is designed to have Sanders move, now seems to be a favorable time, and unless General Hartsuff has other plans, let me hold the enemy in my front for a few days.

CARTER.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel August V. Kautz, Second Ohio Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Somerset, Ky., June 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal orders from the general commanding the division to make a demonstration against the enemy in the direction of Monticello, I left camp on the evening of the 8th instant, with detachments consisting of about 180 men of the Second Ohio Cavalry, about 200 of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry, about 70 of the Forty-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry, and four pieces of Law's mountain howitzer battery, in all little more than 400 men, not including the battery.

I crossed the Cumberland River at Waitsborough, and bivouacked 3 miles beyond, without disturbing the enemy's pickets. Soon after daylight on the morning of the 9th, I moved on toward Monticello. At the intersection of the Mill Springs road at West's, I was joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, with detachments of the Second Tennessee and Forty-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry, numbering a little more than 300 effective men. Here I learned that between one and two hours previous Colonel Adams had driven away the rebel pickets form West's capturing 6 at Mill Springs. This was, unfortunately, too soon, as it gave the enemy, and, with the loss of 3 wounded on our part, they retired, leaving 2 dead and 1 officer wounded on the field. We pursued the enemy, skirmishing at intervals, without further lesson our side, through

