
Monticelo, and drove them beyond Beaver Creek. In Monticello we captured 120 rounds of fixed ammunition and between 50 and 100 small-arms, which were either appropriated or destroyed.

We held the town for several hours, and about 1 p. m. commenced falling back. Between 4 and 5 p. m., when we had returned to West's I received information that the enemy had attacked the rear guard in overpowering force. I had made arrangements to go into camp, and a single company of the Second Tennessee only was available, which I marched a half mile to the rear, and met the rear guard retiring in some confusion. I had only time to put this company in position before the enemy appeared through the woods, and this advance not [being] immediately checked, the rear guard was rallied, and with only about 200 men the enemy was driven back over a mile through the dense timber, where they took up a position behind a stone wall, compelling us to fall back a few hundred yards out of range. The enemy rallied, and sought in turn to drive us back. By this time re-enforcements of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry and Second Tennessee and a section of howitzers arrived, and the enemy were again severely checked and fell back. Night now interposed, and, gathering up the dead and wounded that could be found in the darkness, we fell back to West's, and soon after to Simpson's Creek, where we encamped.

Early on the morning of the 10th, I returned with the command to the north bank of the Cumberland. The enemy made no attempt at pursuit. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams had recrossed the river at Mill Springs, before the enemy made the attack, and it was too near night to obtain his support. Colonel Carter had, however, arrived with six companies of the Second Tennessee, and this timely arrival enabled us finally to repulse the enemy. My heartiest thanks are due to Colonel Carter for his aid and assistance. My heartiest thanks are due to Colonel Carter for his aid and assistance. He generously waived his rank, and permitted me to control and direct the troops during the engagement. Colonel Carter's horse was wounded.

Colonel Garrad commanded the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Major Purington the Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Captain Scott the Forty-fifth Ohio Infantry. These officers all gave me the most prompt and cordial support. Officers and men behaved with the greatest gallantry. I must not forget to mention the gallant conduct of Private Jesse Law, commanding the howitzer battery. This man well deserves a commission, and has been recommended for promotion.

The affair, in substance, was an effort on the part of the enemy to overwhelm the rear guard, in which they were repulsed. The enemy greatly outnumbered our forces, and the contest, for the numbers engaged, was exceedingly severe. Our loss was 7 killed or mortally wounded, 6 reported missing, and 34 wounded, the majority slightly. I regret to say, however, that Lieutenant Case, one of my most gallant officers, is among the dangerously wounded. With regard to the enemy, no definite knowledge of their actual loss has been ascertained, but 5 of their dead, 5 of their wounded, and 16 prisoners, including a lieutenant not wounded, fell into our hands. These losses include the whole day's operations. Rebel prisoners stated that we engaged portions of five regiments of Pegram's brigade.

I would respectful call the attention of the general to the demoralizing tendency of uniting so many different detachments in one command. Whatever [there was] of temporary confusion or want of concert was due to this fact. One regiment containing the same number of men would have been much more effective. Surgeon Smith, Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, who was left at West's to look after the

