
wounded, reports that the enemy sent a flag of truce to the battle-ground in the night, and thus discovered that we did not hold it. The enemy's loss is believed to be much greater than ours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Colonel Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Major S. A. GRATZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

JUNE 10, 1863.-Scout on Middleton and Eagleville Pikes, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., June 10, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully report that, in accordance with written instructions from Major-General Stanely, received at these headquarters at 2 a. m. this day, the First Brigade, Colonel R. H. G. Minty commanding, moved to Salem, arriving there soon after daylight. Colonel Minty detached the Third Indiana and Fourth Michigan Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, to scout the Middleton road, and proceeded with the remainder of the brigade on the Versailles road. Colonel Klein move to within 3 1/2 miles of Middleton, driving in the enemy's pickets, and learning that there was no considerable rebel force on or near that road. Colonel Minty moved 2 1/2 miles beyond Versailles, driving in the enemy's pickets, about 200 strong. He ascertained that there were two rebel cavalry regiments at Rover, and no other force in the vicinity of Eagleville. Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, commanding the advance guard, reports 2 rebels severely wounded. Colonel Minty returned with his entire command to camp at 12.30 p. m. this day, bringing 1 prisoner, a Mr. Frank Jackson, enrolling and conscription officer, from near Versailles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECTION CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Murfreesborough, June 10, 1863-1 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that, in obedience to verbal orders received from him at 3 o'clock this a. m., I had reveille sounded, and notified the regiments of this command to hold themselves in readiness for an immediate move.

At 3.30 a. m., I received orders to proceed to Salem, and from there to scout the country toward Middleton and Eagleville, and, if possible,

