
to be at the bridge on the Salem pike by 5 a. m. A few moments later I received an order to report, by courier, from the bridge on Salem pike, from Salem, and again when I should commence my return march to Murfreesborough.

I reported from the bridge at 4.45 a. m., and from Salem at 5.30 a. m., and from here I detached Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, Third Indiana, with his own battalion and the Fourth Michigan, to scout the Middleton road, and directed him to push forward until he could ascertain if there was a body of troops moving on that road.

With the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Cavalry I pushed forward to within half a mile of Versailles, where my advance (Seventh Pennsylvania) encountered the enemy's pickets, and drove them for about 2 miles, when, learning that there was no force at Eagleville and but two regiments of cavalry at Rover, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania, to take three squadrons of his regiment and drive the enemy, who now numbered about 200, 1 mile farther, and there rejoin the column, which he did, reporting to me that he had severely wounded 2 rebels.

I marched for Murfreesborough at 9 a. m., reporting the same to you and Lieutenant-Colonel Goddard. At Salem I found Lieutenant-Colonel Klain, with his command, waiting for me. He went within 3 1/2 miles of Middleton, driving in the enemy's pickets, and learned that there was no force moving in that direction.

I arrived in camp at 12.30 p. m. I brought in, as prisoner, Mr. Frank Jackson, enrolling and conscript officer, from near Versailles.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

JUNE 11, 1863.-Action at Triune, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert R. Steward, Second Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel John A. Platter, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Daniel M. Ray, Second Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

TRIUNE, June 11, 1863-12.45 p. m.

The enemy attacked our pickets vigorously about an hour since, but met with their usual fate. I have cavalry on the flanks. Think it was only a demonstration or a reconnaissance.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

