
three-quarters of an hour, when an order came to move in line left of the pike. We had not gone far before we were ordered to form again, our right resting on Chapel Hill pike. While thus formed, Lieutenant Blaine, whom I put in command of the skirmishers, was killed, while nobly leading his men on. I then received an order to countermarch my right and cross the pike, where there appeared to be heavy skirmishing going on. When I got opposite a large field, I asked permission to cross with the right. Colonel Campbell gave the permission asked for. When Captain Kessler, commanding Company A, moved in the field, the firing was very severe, but Captain Kessler gave the command "Charge," which they obeyed most nobly. We drove the enemy from the woods on the opposite side of the river, and I divided my command, and crossed part above and [part] below the woods.

Colonel, I need not make mention of individual gallantry, for they all did nobly.

The casualties are as follows.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John A. Platter, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH INDIANA CAVALRY,June 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of yesterday (June 11):

My skirmishers, under command of Captains Pepper and Purdy, successfully engaged the enemy on our left, dislodging him from behind stone walls and cedar groves, and finally compelled him to fall back across the river, with a loss of several wounded.

My loss is as follows:8

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. PLATTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Deniel M. Ray, Second Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND EAST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Camp near Triune, June 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor very respectfully to report that, upon reception of orders, my regiment was immediately formed, and advanced with

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See. p. 376.

---------------

