
JUNE 12, 1863.-Scouts on Salem Pike, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Major Frank W. Mix, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., June 13, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully report that yesterday, June 12, Lieutenant-Colonel Haynes, with 200 men of his regiment, the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, moved at 10 a. m. on the Middleton road. He drove in the rebel vedettes near the intersection of the new Middleton road with the old stage road, and about a mile farther came upon the rebel picket reserve, about 40 strong. He returned about 3 miles on the same road, and then crossed to the Shelbyville road, striking it about 5 miles from Murfreesborough. He was informed by a black woman that there were three rebel cavalry regiments about 3 miles in rear of their picket reserve. By the various persons he questioned, their force was estimated at from 600 to 800. At the same hour, Major Frank Mix, with 240 of his regiment, the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, moved on the Versailles road. He found the rebel vedettes 1 1/2 miles this side of Versailles, drove them into and through the town, and found that their force was about 200 of Russell's cavalry. He sent a scout on the Ealgeville road 3 miles out, who found no signs of the enemy. He was informed by citizens that there had been no force of any kind there since the First Cavalry Brigade, four days ago, and, from personal examination of the road, he believes this statement.

To-day, at 7 a. m., Lieutenant-Colonel Sipes, with the Seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, Third Indiana Volunteer Cavalry, and a section of Stokes' battery, moved on the Manchester pike, and at the same hour Colonel Nicholas, with the Second Kentucky, on the Wartrace road.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Cavalry Division.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Frank W. Mix, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 12, 1863.

SIR: I left my camp at 10 a. m. with 240 men, and moved out on the Salem pike. As soon as I was outside of our cavalry vedettes, I

