
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Stanley, June 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I this morning moved out the Manchester turnpike a distance of about 12 miles, with a force consisting of 260 men of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, 105 men of the Third Indiana Cavalry, and one section of Stokes' battery.

When 10 miles out, the advance guard came upon the enemy's pickets and drove them back. Colonel Long, with a detachment of the Third Indiana, pursued them about 2 miles, when I deemed it prudent to order a halt, the country being illy adapted to cavalry movements and the strength of the enemy entirely unknown. The object of the expedition being accomplished by ascertaining the exact position of the enemy on this road, and not wishing to sacrifice any of my men in a profitless pursuit of a retreating foe, we returned to camp, arriving there a little after 2 p. m.

The pickets we encountered were reported by citizens to belong to Texas Rangers, attached to Hardee's corps of the rebel army.

I have no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. SIPES,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventh Pennsylvania Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Captain ROBERT BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

JUNE 13-23, 1863.-Everett's raid into Eastern Kentucky.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

June 13, 1863.-Skirmish near Mud Lick Springs, Bath County, Ky.

Skirmish at Howard's Mills, Ky.

16, 1863.-Skirmishes at Maysville, Mount Carmel, and Fox Springs, Ky.

Action at Triplett's Bridge, Rowan County, Ky.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 2.-Captain P. M. Everett, Company B, Third Battalion Kentucky Mounted Rifles.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.

LEXINGTON, June 17, 1863-1 p. m.

GENERAL: The expedition under Colonel De Courcy cut off Everett's party at Triplett's Bridge, killed 3, wounded a good many, and took over 100 prisoners, including 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 4 sergeants, and

