
recaptured all the property stolen at Maysville. We are still pursuing De Courcy may destroy them altogether, in case any of our troops have advanced from Big Sandy toward Salyersville.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, June 17, 1863-4 p. m.

GENERAL: Colonel De Courcy fell in with Everett's command at sundown yesterday, at Triplett's Bridge, Rowan County; had a brisk engagement, and the rebels dispersed to the bushes. He is in hot pursuit. De Courcy reports rebel loss 12 prisoners and 30 horses. Courier reports 8 rebels killed, 20 taken prisoners, and 100 horses captured.

We had 2 wounded.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 1. Hickman's Bridge, Ky., June 29, 1863.

I. The general commanding tenders his hearty thanks and congratulation to Colonel John [f.] De Courcy and the officers and men under his command, namely, the Eighth and Ninth Regiments Michigan Cavalry, under Colonel Stockton; the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Maltby, and a detachment of the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, under Captain Bowman, with sections of the Eighth Michigan and Tenth Kentucky Batteries, for their conduct and bravery in carrying out the instructions received from these headquarters, thus cutting off the retreat of a party of rebels who had made a raid on Maysville, Ky., inflicting upon them a loss of 30 in killed and wounded, and capturing 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, 1 sergeant, and 37 privates, together with 100 horses and a like number of arms and accouterments, with a fair prospect of yet taking the entire remaining force.

Colonel De Courcy has shown, in this affair, rare tack, skill, and energy, and in his report mentions with special commendation the long and rapid march made by the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Maltby, who, he says, displayed energy and talent in carrying out his orders. Major Foley, also of the same regiment, is entitled to high praise for his effective co-operation. Captain Bowman, Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, likewise gave every satisfaction to his commanding officer. Lieutenant and Adjt. George C. Parker, Twenty-first Massachusetts Infantry, as acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain John S. Williams, Fourth Kentucky Infantry, and Captain Isaac W. Adams, as acting aide-de-camp, were of great assistance, and seemed never more satisfied than when sent to points of danger. The general commanding takes special pleasure in placing upon record this tribute of praise, and expresses his entire conviction that all the troops of his command will, in the hour of trial, prove themselves equally true and trustworthy.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

WM. S. KING,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

