
Numbers 2. Report of Captain P. M. Everett, Company B, third Battalion Kentucky Mounted Rifles.

CAMP OLD RUSSELL COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

June 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that i arrived at this point on yesterday evening with my command. While in Kentucky I fought the Fourteenth Kentucky Regiment of Cavalry near Mount Sterling, killing 21 men, wounding 6, and capturing 17 prisoners. I proceeded to Flemingsburg, at which point I captured and paroled a captain in U. S. Navy. Thence I went to Maysville, where I captured 50 United States horses, some 330 guns, and 25 pistols. Among the guns were some 150 new Enfield rifles belonging to a company in progress of formation. I also captured at Maysville one piece of artillery (a 12-pounder) belonging formerly to General Zollicoffer, which I spiked and left. The small-arms were broken up, and the Government horses supplied the place of broken-down horses in my command. On returning from Maysville I dispersed an organization of Home Guards under Colonel Charles Marshall, at Mount Carmel. Said organization numbered about 170 men. At Fox Spring engaged a company of Home Guards, under Major

-----

Pennebaker, of Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, killing Major Pennebaker, Captain

-------

Evans and

------

Curtis, and 1 private. Some 15 miles form the last-names place I encountered a force variously estimated at from 800 to 1,500 men, under command of Brigadier-General De Courcy. Said force consisted of mounted infantry, cavalry, and one full battery of artillery, and attacked me both in front and rear simultaneously. The fight lasted for a short time, when, seeing that it was impossible to overcome the superiority of their numbers, and exposed to the fire of artillery, which was so posted as to command the position which I held, I drew off my forces and came by easy marches (not being followed at all) to this place. Up to the engagement last mentioned I had never lost a single man killed or captured.

Lieutenant [William L.] Flood and Private Wells were slightly wounded in fight with Major Pennebaker. I know of 27 Federals killed, who fell into our hands, exclusive of the last engagement, and Captain Blackburn has near 30 paroles which he will hand you. My own loss was confined entirely to the engagement De Courcy was commanding, and I cannot now state it with accuracy, as stragglers are coming in, and I sent back a detachment, under Lieutenants [Alexander H.] Darnell and [George W.] L'Aile, to gather up those who might reach the mountains and bring them on out; also to take charge of those whose horses had given out. I do not think my loss in killed, wounded, and missing will much exceed 30 men; but this will appear from regular report of the expedition, which I will prepare and forward to you in a few days.

I am now moving my command to Lebanon, where forage and subsistence can be had, and would respectfully suggest the necessity of rest to both horses and men, if the condition of things is such as to permit.

I am, general, yours, most respectfully,

P. M. EVERETT,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

P. S.-Two infantry regiments at Louisa and two cavalry regiments, numbering about 1,900 men.

