
MOUNT VERNON, June 26, 1863-3.30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just arrived at this place. Will turn the command over to Colonel Byrd, to take to Hickman, and proceed to Lexington, as directed by General Hartsuff. Major Dow, with 170 men, is still back. He will be in Loudon to-night. The number of pieces of artillery taken was ten, three at Lenoir's, two at Knoxville, and five at Strawberry Plains. The bridge at the latter place was guarded by 400 men and five pieces of artillery. We captured all the guns, 125 prisoners; killed their commanding officer and several privates. Our loss was only 1 wounded at that place, 1 killed and 2 wounded at Knoxville. Have lost some stragglers taken prisoners. The operator was taken the day we reached Knoxville. Have lost a number of horses.

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, June 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I was in the edge of the town limits. The force was 1,500 regular soldiers, and all the citizens were forced into the ranks. They had had pieces of artillery in position; the streets were barricaded with cotton bales; batteries protected by the same. We were engaged with the enemy for about one hour at long range at this place. General Buckner was absent at the time. He command East Tennessee, Southwestern Virginia, and Western North Carolina. Part of the troops at Knoxville were brought from Bristol the evening I arrived there. I was within 2 miles of the place from sundown until 8 o'clock the next morning.

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to special instructions from the general commanding the department, I left Mount Vernon, Ky., June 14, 1863, with a force of 1,500 mounted men, composed of detachments of different regiments-as follows: Seven hundred of the First East Tennessee Mounted Infantry, under Colonel R. K. byrd; 200 of the Forty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry, under Major Moore; 200 of the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Mounted Infantry, under Major Dow; 150 of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, under Captain Rankin; 150 of the Second Ohio Cavalry Volunteers, under Captain Welch; 100 of the First Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers, under Captain Drye; and a section of Captain Konkle's battery, First Regiment Ohio Artillery Volunteers, under Lieutenant Lloyd-for the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad. From Mount Vernon to Williamsburg, on the Cumberland River, a distance of 60 miles, a train of wagons, containing forage and subsistence stores, accompanied the expedition. From this point I followed a route known as the Marsh Creek road to near Huntsville, Tenn., leaving that place a few miles to my left. We reached the vicinity of Montgomery, Tenn., on the evening of the 17th [June], and learning that a small party of rebels were stationed at Wartburg, 1 mile from Montgomery, I sent 400 men from the First East Tennessee to surprise and capture them, following one hour afterward myself with the remainder of the command. The sur-

