
prise was complete. We captured 102 enlisted men and 2 officers (one of them an aide to General Pegram), together with a large number of horses, 60 boxes artillery ammunition, several thousand pounds of bacon, salt, flour, and meal, some corn, 500 spades, 100 picks, besides a large quantity of other public stores, and 6 wagons with mule teams. The prisoners were paroled and the property destroyed.

A small portion of this command, who were out some distance from the camp, with their horses, escaped and gave the first notice of our approach at Knoxville, Kingston, Loudon, and other places. From this point I marched toward Kingston. When within 8 miles of there, I learned positively that Scott's brigade and one battery were at that place, guarding the ford of Clinch River. For this reason, leaving Kingston to my right, I crossed the river 8 miles above, at Waller's Ford, on the direct road to Loudon. At daylight on the 19th [June], I was within 3 miles of Loudon, and about the same distance from Lenoir's. I here learned that a force of three regiments was at the Loudon Bridge, with eight pieces of artillery, and that they had been for two weeks strengthening the works at that place, digging rifle-pits, ditches, &amp;c.; and having captured a curer from the commanding officer, with dispatches ordering the forces from Kingston to follow in my rear, and stating that the troops from Lenoir's had been ordered to join them, I determined to avoid Loudon, and started immediately for Lenoir's Station, which place I reached about 8 a. m., arriving there about thirty minutes after the departure of the rebel troops. At this station I captured a detachment of artillerymen, with three 6-pounder iron guns, 8 officers, and 57 enlisted men. Burned the depot, a large brick building, containing five pieces of artillery, with harness and saddles, two thousand five hundred stand of small-arms, a very large amount of artillery and musket ammunition, and artillery and cavalry equipments. The depot was entirely occupied with military stores, and one car filled with saddles and artillery harness. We also captured some 75 Confederate States mules and horses. There was a large cotton factory and a large amount of cotton at this place, and I ordered that it should not be burned, as it furnished the Union citizens of the country with their only material for making cloth, but have since learned that it was burned by mistake or accidentally. I had the telegraph wire and railroad destroyed from here on to Knoxville, at points about 1 mile apart. We met the enemy's pickets at Knoxville about 7 p. m. on the 19th [June], and drove them to within a mile of the city. Leaving a portion of the First Kentucky Cavalry on this side of the town, I moved the rest of the command as soon as it was dark by another road entirely around to the other side, driving in the pickets at several places, and cut the railroad, so that no troops could be sent to the bridges above. At daylight I moved up to the city, on the Tazewell road. I found the enemy well posted on the heights and in the adjacent buildings, with eight or nine pieces of artillery. The streets were barricaded with cotton bales, and the batteries protected by the same material. Their force was estimated at 3,000, including citizens who were impressed into service. After abut one hour's skirmishing, I withdrew, capturing near the city two pieces of artillery-6-pounders-the tents, and all the camp equipage of a regiment of conscripts, about 80 Confederate States horses, and 31 prisoners.

I then started for Strawberry Plains, following the railroad, and destroyed all the small bridges and depots to within 4 miles of the latter place, at Flat Creek, where I burned a finely built covered bridge, and also a county bridge. The guard had retreated. I left the railroad 3

