
Numbers 3. Report of Major General Simon B. Buckner, C. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, June 24, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry escaped through Chalder's Gap, with loss of a few prisoners and horses, and their artillery and baggage. They are beyond the mountains. The railroad and small trestles will be in order to the Holston in four days. The cars can cross the Holston, on a trestle-bridge I am building, within two weeks. After that time there will be no delay or transfer of freight. After four days hence the only transfer will be in crossing the Holston, where, if necessary, I will send a small steamer.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 26, 1863.

ENGINEER BUREAU:

Do you understand how General Buckner can so speedily renew the bridges? It makes the damage to us less serious than supposed. I should be pleased to see you on this subject.

J. A. S. [SEDDON],

Secretary.

Numbers 4. Reports of Major Victor Von Sheliha, C. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, June 19, 1863.

The enemy made a demonstration in force against Big Creek Gap, but retired after heavy skirmishing night before last. He now threatens Cumberland Gap and Loudon, telegraph communication to which point is already interrupted. This morning at 5 o'clock 2,000 cavalry were near Loudon. The bridges along the railroad and the mountain gaps are guarded by garrisons deemed strong enough to prevent surprise. While General Buckner, who left here this morning, is concentrating his forces near Clinton, a raid on Knoxville is not improbable. Proper measures for the protection of the place are being taken.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

General S. COOPER.

KNOXVILLE, June 20, 1863.

Major-General Buckner is at Clinton concentrating his forces.

Enemy (2,000 strong) attempted to burn the railroad bridge yesterday, but failed. Attempted to burn depots here last night, but failed again, and retired this morning after severe cannonading in direction of Rogersville.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

General S. COOPER.

