
KNOXVILLE, June 20, 1863.

The enemy attacked us with five regiments mounted infantry and two pieces of rifle artillery last night. This morning we drove him back, and he will try to escape via Rogersville through Big Creek, Moccasin or Mulberry Gap, attempting to destroy bridges at Strawberry Plains before leaving. Your Fifty-first [Fifty-fourth] Virginia has been ordered to that point. General Buckner left for Clinton yesterday.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

Major General SAMUEL JONES.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Milton A. Haynes, C. S. Artillery.

DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Knoxville, June 21, 1863.

SIR: At the request of Colonel [R. C.] Trigg, temporarily in command of the troops at Knoxville in the absence of Major-General Buckner, I have the honor to report the following particulars in regard to the battle of yesterday:

On the 18th instant I returned to this city from Sevier [County], where I had been in command of an expedition against a party of bushwhackers. On my arrival, I learned that Major-General Buckner had marched toward Big Creek Gap with all the artillery and all the other disposable force at this post, except Colonel Trigg's Fifty-first [Fifty-fourth] Virginia Regiment and Colonel [J. J.] Finley's Seventh [Sixth] Florida Regiment; effective force about 1,000 men.

On the morning of the 19th, I was informed by Major Van Sheliha, acting chief of staff, that the enemy in large force had passed by Loudon, and were at Lenoir Station, 24 miles from Knoxville, and he requested me to take charge of the artillery defense of the city, and to organize my force from the convalescents in the hospitals and from citizens to man my guns then in the city. At the same time he gave the following order:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,June 19, 1863.

Major [S. H.] Reynolds, chief of ordnance, will issue to Lieutenant-Colonel Haynes' corps artillery, C. S. Army, as many field pieces as can possibly but in condition with a few hours. He will also furnish Lieutenant-Colonel Haynes with all the necessary equipments, and with 100 rounds of ammunition.

By order of Major-General Buckner:

VON SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

In obedience to this order (given to me in absence of General Buckner), I went to the ordnance department and found eight pieces of field artillery there, but no harness. Major Reynolds promptly said that in one hour he would have the ammunition-chests filled, and that they would then be subject to my orders. I then went to Major [J.] Glover, chief quartermaster of East Tennessee, and requested him to send to the ordnance department 70 horses or mules, with harness and drivers for every two.

In the mean time the citizens of Knoxville had been ordered to report to me or to Colonel [E. D.] Blake for duty the defense of the city Finding myself too much engaged to obey this order in person, I

