
appointed Major H. Baker (formerly of the artillery of Tennessee) to receive and assign them to duty as they reported.

At 3 [o'clock] in the afternoon of that day it was known that the enemy was within 5 miles of the city, and their advance were skirmishing with 37 of our cavalrymen (all we had at Knoxville) at Mrs. Lomis' house. At this hour Major Glover had already sent the requisite number of horses, mules, and drivers for the eight pieces of artillery at the ordnance department. I immediately posted them in sections at Colege Hill, under Major Baker (the exposed point); second, on McGee's Hill, under Captain Hugh L. W. McClung, and, third, under Lieutenant Patterson and Lieutenant J. J. Burroughs, at Summit Hill, in front of the ordnance department. This last battery had been fortified during the afternoon, under the superintendence of Captain [W. F.] Foster, of the Engineers (by my order), with a cotton-bale revetment, the cotton bales having been promptly sent from all quarters by Major Glover, chief quartermaster. During that evening, the enemy failing to advance, Colonel Trigg (temporarily in command at Knoxville), without consulting, me removed Major Baker's battery from College Hill to a point near the asylum hospital. In the evening, upon hearing the reports of my officers, I ascertained that about 200 persons, citizens, and convalescent soldiers form hospitals, had reported for duty, and that each of my batteries was fully manned, although in the morning of the same day there was no artillery force whatever in the city.

During the night I made a reconnaissance, passing the enemy's lines as a farmer, giving all the information they desired in regard to the state of the defenses, telling them that they could march into Knoxville without the loss of a man. I told them that I saw Colonel Haynes about sunset, moving some cannon toward the depot-I thought about four in all-drawn by mules. Having passed to a point at which it was necessary for me to turn off, and having all the information I could obtain, I returned to Knoxville at midnight. I visited all my batteries, and advised them that early in the morning the enemy would attack, and directed Captain McClung and Major Baker to consider themselves as reserves, to be moved wherever needed.

During the night the pickets of the enemy advanced upon the city, but our pickets, thrown out by Colonel Trigg, after an hour's skirmish, drove them back at about 2 o'clock in the morning.

At 7 o'clock on the 20th, four pieces of artillery, detached by General Buckner from his command, reached the ordnance depot (where I then was), and I immediately conducted them to the rear as a reserve. I then went to Summit Hill battery, where I found Colonel Trigg and his chief of staff (Major Sheliha) near the hospital. While in consultation with them, we saw the enemy marching at double-quick time on our right beyond the work-shops, where we had neither battery nor soldiers to oppose them. Colonel Trigg soon afterward ordered Colonel Finley's Seventh [Sixth] Regiment Florida Volunteers and two pieces of [B. F.] Wyly's battery to take possession of Temperance Hill; but before this order was given I had taken a section of Wyly's battery and moved them at a gallop to a point immediately in front of the advancing column, and opened fire upon them with spherical case. The enemy took shelter behind houses and fences, and threw forward sharpshooters within 200 yards of our battery, we being entirely unsupported by infantry and 400 yards from any support. At the same time a battery of 3-inch rifled guns belonging to the enemy opened upon us at 800 yards, and during the first two or three shots killed and wounded some of our men and several horses. I then advanced the battery, and ordered them

