
not to fire at the artillery, but at the infantry. The enemy at this moment forming column, advanced rapidly, and for a moment I supposed the day was lost. At this moment the chief of the 12th howitzer said to me, "Colonel, I can't hit them fellows; please get down and try it yourself." I dismounted, took my post as a gunner of the left, ordered canister, and sighted the piece myself, and after two rounds the enemy was in full retreat and the day was won. During the same time the battery under Lieutenant J. J. Burroughs and Lieutenant Patterson, on Summit Hill, were also engaged and kept up a continual fire during which Captain McClung* and Lieutenant Fellows* were killed. The section under Lieutenant Whelon having reached Temperance Hill, opened fire upon the retreating enemy, which, with the fire from Wyly's battery, Burroughs' battery, and Major Baker's, completed the victory.

During this fight, although sharpshooters were sent out against us, none were sent out to sustain us, although 1,000 men were immediately behind us.

The enemy had one battery of artillery and about 2,600 men opposed to about 1,000 men, part of whom were citizens and convalescent soldiers. That they were fully beaten may appear from the fact that the commanding officer of the army sent to me a message by Lieutenant Lutrell, of the C. S. Army, a prisoner, paroled by him, to the effect:

I send you my compliments, and say that but for the admirable manner with which you managed your artillery I would have taken Knoxville to-day.

It is not out of place for me to say that Colonel E. D. Blake, chief of conscripts and for the day commander of all volunteer infantry, contributed by his zeal and well-known courage to the honorable result.

Among many citizens who reported to me that day for duty, I must not forget to mention Honorable Landon C. Haynes, Hon William H. Sneed, Honorable John H. Crozier, Rev. James H. Martin, and Rev. Mr. Woolfolk, and many others who do not desire me to mention their names. With such compatriots and such fellow-soldiers a man might willingly at any time meet the foe.

Our loss was 2 officers and 2 enlisted men killed, and 4 enlisted men wounded. Loss of enemy, 45.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MILTON A. HAYNES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Provisional Army Confederate States, Commanding Arty.

Major [VICTOR] VON SHELIHA,

Acting Chief of Staff.

JUNE 15-17, 1863.-Expedition to, and skirmish near, Lebanon, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 18, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from Major-General Stanely, I marches with the First Brigade at 5 p. m. on the 15th instant, taking the Lebanon pike. I arrived at Stone's River at 7 p. m., fed horses, and

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, states that the killed were Captain Pleasant A. McClung and Lieutenant [James L.] Snellgrove, Sixth Florida Infantry.

---------------

