
either have given me battle or Alexandria; but without them, I felt that I would be fighting at too great a disadvantage and uselessly sacrificing the lives of my men. I therefore considered it my duty to retire.

Inclosed I hand you report of casualties.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain [W. B.] CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

JUNE 16-20, 1863.-Affairs in Holmes County, Ohio.

Report of Colonel William Wallace, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding United States Forces in Ohio.

COLUMBUS, June 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit my report of the expedition under my command, which left this city by order of Brigadier-General Mason on Tuesday night, June 16, 1863, for the purpose of suppressing an alleged insurrection in Holmes County, Ohio.

The forces under my command consisted of 230 exchanged men from Camp Chase, 50 sharpshooters from Camp Dennison, 100 men of the governor's Guard, and one section of Captain Neil's battery.

I disembarked at Lake Station, on the Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Railroad, about 6 a. m. June 17, and at 7 a. m. commenced the march for Napoleon, distant about 12 miles, via Nashville.

I reached Napoleon about 4 p. m., when I ascertained the insurgents were in force about 2 miles to the south. I advanced my whole force in that direction, throwing out an advanced guard of 50 men, under Captain Moon, of the Governor's Guard, consisting principally of the Third Ohio (exchanged men). When about 1 1/2 miles from Napoleon, the advance guard was fired upon by bushwhackers from behind logs and stone piles, when the men under Captain Moon fired in return, and charged upon the ambushing party, when about 20 men sprang from their hiding places and ran. Two were captured with arms in their hands. Captain Moon having deployed his company as skirmishers, advanced about one-half mile, and halted, and returned and reported his position. He had been ordered by me not to fire, but ascertain if possible the position of the insurgents, when I intended sending in, under flag of truce, the Governor's proclamation; but if fired on by bushwhackers, to return the fire, and halt and report, which he did.

I moved the entire force forward, and followed the direction of the retreating force to the cross-roads, 2 miles south of Napoleon, when I turned to the left and approached the supposed encampment of the insurgents, which was said to be about 1 mile to the east of the cross-roads. I arrived at the place of the supposed encampment about 5 p. m., but found no enemy visible. I deployed a part of my force as skirmishers line, but had proceeded about 100 yards when I was fired on from behind a number of stone piles in a field to my right. The fire was promptly returned, and a charge with a yell made on the stone piles, when about 50 insurgents sprang from the ground and fled. Several were overtaken and captured. Three were wounded, and 2 were

---------------

*One enlisted man Fifth Iowa and one Fourth [U. S.] Cavalry (accidentally) killed.

---------------

