
said to be killed and carried off. I sent out a number of patrolling parties, who returned with a few prisoners and the intelligence the insurgents were flying in all directions. I camped on the ground said to have been the headquarters of the disaffected.

On the morning of the 18th, a number citizens of Holmes County came into my camp, among whom were some of the leading men of Midllersburg, all of whom were exceedingly anxious that hostilities should cease, and promising me that as the insurgents had dispersed they would see that the parties for whom the provost-marshal had warrants should be delivered up. I gave them one day to bring in the persons for whom the marshal, who was with me, had warrants. The reasons for my waiting this length of time were these: First, I was satisfied the insurgents had dispersed; second, my instructions were such that I felt myself in duty bound to preserve the peace and not increase the excitement already existing in Holmes County, and the people I had met were an misguided class who hardly knew what they wanted or why they felt themselves aggrieved.

On the evening of the 18th, the citizens returned with the prisoners, who had been formerly rescued from the marshal, and on the following morning I sent them to Cleveland, together with the prisoners taken in arms on the evening of the 17th, in obedience to my orders. I then moved to Warsaw, and camped for the night, where the small cannon used by the insurgents was found and brought with me to this city I reached Columbus on Saturday evening, via Coshocton.

In conclusion, I am glad to report the good conduct of the officers and men under my command. The irregularities committed by some of the men were owing more to their having campaigned in the South than to any intention on their part of violating my express orders to respect private property. I fell satisfied that the object of the expedition had been accomplished; that no further resistance to the execution of the laws will be attempted in Holmes County, and that the slight shedding of blood will be a warning to all evil-disposed persons that any further attempt to resist the officers of the Government in the execution of the laws will be met with speedy and sure punishment.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WALLACE,

Colonel, Commanding United States Forces in Ohio.

Captain JOHN GREEN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL General OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio, June 16, 1863.

Captain JOHN GREEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request that at least 300 men, properly officered, may be detailed to report to me, with five days' rations, for duty in Holmes County, Ohio, where a large force of insurgents, estimated at 700 to 900, are collected together.

I desire to use the troops in making arrests of parties who have obstructed the enforcement of the enrollment act.

The party will be accompanied by a Unites States marshal, who wishes to use the force as a posse comitatus to arrest certain parties, and for this you will have to give the officer proper orders.

I rely on you to furnish transportation.

Your obedient servant,

ED. A. PARROTT,

Colonel First Ohio Infty., and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Ohio.

