HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, June 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Commanding Post, Columbus, Ohio:

GENERAL: The assistant provost-marshal-general having called upon you for force to quell an alleged insurrection in Holmes County, Ohio, where several hundred men are said to have assembled for the purpose of resisting the laws, especially the enrollment of the national forces, I have ordered a company of sharpshooters, now at Camp Dennison, to report to you immediately, and desire that you shall make up as nearly as possible a full battalion of infantry and a section of artillery for the required service.

This force you will put under command of the most experienced and efficient field officer available, and order them forthwith to the place of the supposed encampment.

The Governor of the State has issued a proclamation to these lawless persons, commanding them to disperse. The officer in command of the detachment will, on his approach to the insurgents, haled his force, and send an intelligent subaltern with this proclamation to them, warning them that if they make resistance or a show of fighting, the most severe measures will be used against them.

If they give up the parties whom the provost-marshal may think fit to arrest, and disperse peaceably to their homes, no further steps against them need be taken till further orders.

If the body of insurgents shall be so small that the force sent can capture the shale without bloodshed, this should be done. If, on the other hand,they refuse t disperse, to lay down their arms, or surrender the persons whose arrest is ordered, their camp will be assaulted with the utmost vigor, and the insurgents captured or killed at all hazards, so that an efficient lesson may once for all be given to all rebels at home.

You will, of course, instruct the officer in command of the detachment that much depends upon his sound discretion and coolness, as well as vigor, and will prescribe to him such a course as to the details, and in regard to his route, &amp;c., as from your information you may deem proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 17, 1863.-Hines' raid into Indiana.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Captain Alexander C. Semple, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 22, 1863.

The rebel raid of Friday and Saturday into Indiana, which was pretty well broken to pieces by our troops, has been followed by one much more formidable, which crossed yesterday, and was last heard

