
from within 5 miles of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad. I have sent troops both from Indianapolis and Louisville, but can hardly hope to prevent the burning of some of the important bridges on the railroad. These people are conducted by the sympathizers of Southern Indiana. Kentucky is to-day a more loyal State than either Indiana, Ohio, or Illinois. Within the last two or three weeks, rebel spies, recruiting officers, and mail-couriers, who have been before effectually checked, have been in full operation. I can seen no reason why a stringent policy should not extend over these three States as well as Kentucky.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army.

CINCINNATI, June 19, 1863.

The following dispatch just received from General Boyle:

A band of rebel cavalry, estimated at from 80 to 200, crossed the Ohio River on Wednesday [17th], at Leavenworth, 60 miles below this city, and, when last heard from, was at Paoli last night, evidently going toward the New Albany Railroad. I will send 100 men down the river on a boat at once to cut off their retreat. If there are any cavalry at Indianapolis, a small body should be sent at once to look after these scoundrels. They belong to the Fourth Kentucky rebel cavalry.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

[A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.]

General O. B. WILLCOX, Indianapolis, Ind.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Alexander C. Semple, Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 22, 1863.

GENERAL: About 500 rebels crossed the Ohio at Rome, Ind., Saturday night, and when last heard from were at Paoli. A force at Orleans, Ind., consisting of cavalry and militia, have gone to meet them. Three hundred men and two pieces of artillery will leave here by noon on steamer Melnotte, for Leavenworth and Rome, to intercept them in their retreat if driven back to the river. We have no force to send into the interior of Indiana. General Boyle left this a. m. for Danville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. SEMPLE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

