
Numbers 1. Reports of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, Tenn., June 28, 1863.

(Via Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 29.)

On the 26th, General McCook moved across from Liberty Gap, and at noon of 27th closed up with General Thomas' rear, at Beech Grove. General Thomas, at the same time, drove the enemy from Fairfield, while Reynolds pushed to this place, where he arrived yesterday noon, capturing 20 prisoners.

Heavy roads, made nearly impassable by constant rain, detained General Crittenden's column, en route from Bradyville to this place, and it has not yet all arrived. Bragg put his whole army in retreat upon Tullahoma yesterday morning. General Gordon Granger and General Stanley advanced from Christiana yesterday morning, and entered Shelbyville at 6 p.m., capturing three pieces of artillery and 300 prisoners. The bridge across Duck River was saved. At 9 p.m. last evening Granger started in pursuit of Bragg's train, not then more than 9 miles beyond Shelbyville. He has not yet been heard from. A cavalry force was sent from here last night, to cut the railroad toward the Tennessee. Nothing but heavy and continued rain has prevented this army from reaching Tullahoma in advance of Bragg.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 1, 1863

(Via Murfreesborough, Tenn., July 2.)

I telegraphed you Sunday's occupation of Shelbyville and Manchester, and Monday it rained hard all day, rendering the roads impassable. It was found impossible to move our artillery or to get our troops into position until this morning, when a general advance was ordered at daylight. General Thomas yesterday made a reconnaissance on two roads and General McCook on one road, reporting the enemy in force at this place, with the addition of Buckner's division, which arrived Monday evening. On advancing this morning, it was found that the enemy had fled in haste last night, much demoralized. Strong fortifications, a small quantity of stores, and three siege guns in our possession. They took the direction of Winchester. Thomas should be on their flank to-night, at Elk River. Sheridan and Brannan marched into town to-day at 11.30, taking a few prisoners.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., July 2, 1863-4 p.m.

Telegraph lines reached here a few moments since. After seven days' movements, in unexampled rains, we have dislodged the enemy from his strongly entrenched positions at Shelbyville and this place, which we occupied yesterday at 11.30 a.m. Our columns pushed on in pursuit of Bragg's retreating army, and our advance overtook their rear guard near Elk River, but too late to save the bridges. The river,

