
ville, and Rover, I beg to refer to the reports of Major-Generals Thomas, McCook and Stanley, and the accompanying sub-reports.

Bearing testimony to the spirit and gallantry of all,both officers and men, I must refer to the reports of the several commanders, for the details thereof. I am especially proud of and gratified by the loyal support and soldierly devotion of the corps and division commanders, all the more touching to me as the movement was one which they regarded with some doubt, if not distrust. It affords me pleasure to return my thanks to Major-General Granger and Major-General Stanley, commanding the cavalry, for their operations on our right, resulting in the capture of Shelbyville; and to General Granger for subsequently dispatching our supplies when they were so pressingly needed.

Colonel Wilder and his brigade deserve a special mention for long-continued exertions, enterprise, and efficiency in these operations. Colonel Wilder ought to be made a brigadier-general. Colonel Minty, who commanded the advance on Shelbyville, for gallantry on that and many other occasions, merits the like promotion.

The management of the medical department was worthy of all praise. I cannot forbear to make special mention of the energy, ability, foresight, and devotion to duty of Dr. Perin. His superior in these qualities has not fallen under my observation.

All my staff merited my warm approbation for ability, zeal, and devotion to duty, but I am sure they will not consider it invidious if I especially mention Brigadier-General Garfield, ever active, prudent, and sagacious. I feel much indebted to him for both counsel and assistance in the administration of this army. He possesses the instincts and energy of a great commander.

The reports of the corps commanders herewith show our total loss during these operations was 14 officers killed and 26 wounded; 71 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, 436 wounded, and 13 missing. Total, 85 killed, 462 wounded, and 13 missing.*

We captured and preserved-stand small-arms, 3 field pieces, 6 caissons, 3 limbers, 3 rifled siege pieces without carriages, besides arms destroyed by the cavalry. Quartermaster's stores: 89 tents, 89 flays, and 3,500 sacks corn and corn meal.

The total number of prisoners taken, as will be seen by the accompanying report of the provost-marshal-general, Major Wiles, is 59 commissioned officers and 1,575 non-commissioned officers and privates.

Before closing this report, I call the attention of the General-in-Chief and the War Department to the merits and ability of Captain W. E. Merrill, engineer, whose successful collection and embodiment of topographical information, rapidly printed by Captain [William C.] Margedant's quick process, and distributed to corps and division commanders, has already contributed very greatly to the ease and success of our movements over a country of difficult and hitherto unknown topography. I sincerely trust the War Department will show its appreciation of the merits and services of this promising young officer, who fortified the frontiers of Western Virginia lingered in a rebel prison for six months, was wounded at Yorktown and who put in order and a state of defense the Kentucky railroad injured by Bragg and Kirby Smith.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 419.

---------------

