
As far as ascertained at this office, 261 wounded men were provided for.

The wounded of each day were promptly removed to the rear, and attended to before night.

As possession of the gaps was acquired without a serious battle, and as it was supposed that the enemy would make a stand in the vicinity of Tullahoma, it was deemed advisable to disencumber the command by sending all of the wounded to Murfreesborough. This was accordingly done.

The wounds were generally of a lighter character than usual; but few important surgical operations were necessary.

The attention of the medical officers to their duties was unremitting, and worthy of all praise.

The utility of the organization of brigade ambulance trains was very apparent during the late skirmishes. The ambulances were in good order, the trains were in the right place, and effectively served.

Accompanying will be found a consolidated list of the wounded, as far as heard from.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. PERIN,

Surgeon U. S. Army, Medical Director, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Colonel C. GODDARD, Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 5. Return of Casualties in the Union forces engaged in the Middle Tennessee campaign, June 23-July 7, 1863.+

[Compiled from nominal list of casualties, returns, &amp;c.]

Captured

Killed. Wounded. or missing.

Command.	 Off	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Agg

 ice	 sted	 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted	 reg

 rs	 men	 	 men	 	 men	 ate

ARMY OF THE

CUMBERLAND.

Major General

WILLIAM S. ROSECRANS.

FOURTEENTH ARMY

CORPS.

Major General

GEORGE H. THOMAS.

FIRST DIVISION.

Major General

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU

First Brigade.

Colonel BENJAMIN F.

SCRIBNER

38th Indiana	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -	 1

2nd Ohio	 -	 1	 -	 1	 -	 -	 2

33rd Ohio	 -	 -	 -	 4	 -	 -	 4

10th Wisconsin	 -	 -	 -	 3	 -	 -	 3

1st Michigan Light	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -	 1

Artillery, Battery A

Total First Brigade	 -	 1	 -	 10	 -	 -	 11

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, below.

+Only such organizations are included in this return as reported

losses. For roster of the whole command, June 30, 1863, see p. 411.

---------------

