
FEBRUARY 3-5, 1863.-Expedition from Murfreesborough to Auburn, Liebery, and Alexandria, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Douglas A. Murray, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Captain John T. Deweese, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, February 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the accompanying report of the operations of the recent expedition of the Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:Left Murfreesborough February 3, 1863, with the following force, viz: First Brigade, Colonel [J. T.] Wilder; Second Brigade, Colonel [A. S.[Hall; Lilly's Eighteenth Indiana Battery, six guns, Captain [E.] Lilly; Harris' Nineteenth Indiana Battery, four guns, Captain [S. J.] Harris; two mountain howitzers, Lieutenant [W. B.] Rippetoe, of the Eighteenth Battery; and detachments of the Third Ohio Cavalry, Major Paramore; Fourth Ohio Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [J. L.[Pugh; Third Indiana Cavalry, Captain [G. F.] Herritt, and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, Captain [J. T.] Deweese; in all about 3,600 men.

When about 8 miles from Murfreesborough, on the Auburn pike, the advance guard reported rebel cavalry in sight. The body proved to be a scouting party of the enemy, some 30 strong, who retired as we advanced, without an exchange of shots. The position was such that we could not get round and capture them. We encamped the night of the 3rd at Auburn, 21 miles from Murfreesborough by the lower pike. Ascertained that a rebel camp was situated at the forks of the roads, about 2 1/2 miles west of Liberty. Made an early start on the 4th, hoping to encounter the enemy in that position. After marching some 3 miles, met the enemy's cavalry outpost, about 150 strong. Skirmishing between this advance and our cavalry continued for some 2 miles, but not at short range, during which we wounded 1 rebel. This advance party retired to the main camp, partially destroying bridge over Smith's Fork, which, being fordable, did not impede our progress. We pushed on to the enemy's camp, and and it had been hastily vacated, and that they had retreated toward Liberty. Send cavalry in pursuit, and drove them beyond Liberty.

Moved with my main body through Alexandria, about 15 miles from Auburn, and encamped. Found here some flour and bacon belonging to the rebels, of which we took possession. The loyal people stated that the mills at Alexandria and Liberty, although occasionally impressed for the use of the rebels, were of great benefit to them, and I did not order their destruction.

On the 5th, moved with main body toward Lebanon, and sent the detachment of Fourth Indiana Cavalry, under Captain Deweese, to New Middleton, on the Carthage pike, some 6 miles south of Carthage, with orders to destroy the machinery of a large mill. This mill had for a long time been used exclusively for the rebels, and was of no use to the

