HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Crossing of 10.45 a.m. received. I have just returned from the front of my lines, and gave the ground a thorough examination. Crumpton's Creek lies between Reynolds' and Negley's divisions and Tullahoma; is quite full of water, though fordable, and in front of it is a marshy creek, which heads near the Winchester road, 5 miles from here. This creek is nearly impassable from its head, which is in a flat marsh, to its mouth, near Concord Church. At this point the Tullahoma road turns off from the Manchester and Winchester road, running in a southwesterly direction and to the north side of the McMinnville Railroad. Brannan has a brigade of infantry, battery of artillery, and a battalion of cavalry now on that road. This command drove the enemy this morning to within 3 miles of Tullahoma. Two regiments of Reynolds' division marched along the Tullahoma and Hillsborough road to a point 2 miles from Tullahoma, where he came upon a regiment of cavalry in camp, and easily drove it from its position. Two regiments from Negley's division, when last heard from, had reconnoitered the Winchester road for 4 miles beyond Bobo's Cross-Roads. They discovered no signs of the enemy.

The Manchester and Winchester road from the point where the Tullahoma road turns off, runs in a southeasterly direction, and is covered first by Crumpton's Creek and next by Marshy Creek for its entire length. The Winchester road from Bobo's Cross-Roads runs nearly due south. The citizens all say there is no road running from Tullahoma to intersect the Winchester road at any point between Bobo's Cross-Roads and Heffner's Mill. In addition, Beatty's brigade is encamped on the Hillsborough road, with a large open field in front and good position, which runs pretty nearly east and west from Bobo's Cross-Roads to Hillsborough. His front is protected by the flat, marshy country which forms the head of Marshy Creek, before referred to. You will perceive, from the description of the ground, that the Marshy Creek nearly envelopes the front of my entire force. I therefore think the present position is a strong one, and cannot be easily flanked on the left by the enemy unless he makes a march of from 10 to 12 miles, which he cannot do without encountering my pickets and outposts. The ground to my rear is generally open also, and on the main road to Tullahoma, as far as I went to the front this morning, which was up to Steedman's position, there are two, three, four and sometimes five side roads, making it, when the roads are passable perfectly practicable to advance or retire artillery and ammunition wagons. There is no height that commands Tullahoma, but, on the contrary, the country is flat, exceedingly so, except on the borders of Crumpton's Creek. The roads are considerably improved and will be quite practicable in the morning, unless it rains again.

I inclose you a copy of the Chattanooga Rebel, of the 28th instant, captured by General Crook's advance this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding Department.

CAMP AT CRUMPTON'S CREEK, June 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following operations in my corps for to-day, viz: A brigade of the Third Division, which was skirmishing on yesterday, was relieved at night by another brigade from

