
enemy was followed to the Winchester road crossing of Elk River. The bridge being burned, and the river not fordable, three divisions, were moved up to Jones' Ford, and one brigade crossed over, the remainder of the corps camping on the north side, the ford being so deep that the brigade which was crossed over could only effect the passage with great difficulty.

Colonel Hambright, commanding the brigade, reports that the enemy has left the vicinity of the river at Jones' Crossing, and prisoners report that their line of retreat was by way of Pelham and Cowan, and across the mountains, and that they are making every exertion to get on the south side of the Tennessee, River at Bridgeport, where they will make their final stand.

General Negley reports, in substance, the same thing from prisoners taken at the crossing of the Winchester road. He also reports that prisoners inform him that his cannonade did them considerable damage.

I am in hopes that the river will be sufficiently low by 9 o'clock in the morning to cross my wagons and artillery, when I propose to push the pursuit with the utmost vigor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding Department.

JONES' FORD, July 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Rousseau's and Brannan's troops crossed at Jones' Ford, and took up a position on the Manchester and Hillsborough roads. All of Brannan's artillery has crossed, and a portion of the trains of both divisions. Negley's entire division and train crossed at the ford on the Winchester and Manchester pike. The troops of Reynolds' division crossed at the same place. His ordnance train was left on the north side of the river, to be crossed in the morning, the ford being deep, and he not wishing to run the risk of damaging his ammunition. Corps headquarters remained in camp in the same place, on the north side of Elk River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding Department.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

In the Field, July 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following operations in my corps to-day:

Rousseau's division marched to the Decherd and Pelham road, and took up a position at Featherstone's. Negley took up a position at Brakefield Point, 1 mile beyond the crossing of the Brakefield road with the Decherd and Pelham road. Reynolds' division encamped at Pennington's, and Brannan's division at Taite's-the two latter positions on the Decherd, Winchester, and McMinnville roads. The order to halt was received to-day at 2 p.m. and the details directed to be made for the repairs of the roads have been ordered.

