
loyal inhabitants; in fact, it was used for grinding the grain of the loyal people to make food for rebels. The machinery was effectually destroyed, and also a large quantity of what and flour found in the mill.

We encamped the evening of the 5th on Spring Creek, 4 miles east of Lebanon. Three of our infantry went a short distance outside the lines to get some straw for bedding (we had not nets, and the weather was very inclement) and were pounced upon and taken off by a small squad of rebel cavalry. Lieutenant Green, commanding my headquarters provost guard, took some 8 or 10 men and gave chase. After a race of 7 miles, overtook the rebels, recovered all of our men, brought back 1 prisoner.

During the day of the 5th, destroyed a quantity of rebel bacon and flour, which we could not transport; also 3 wagons and contents, loaded with flour, bacon, and sundries, ont he way to the rebel camp, but which had been hidden in the woods on learning of our approach.

On the 6th, marched the main body through Lebanon, which was occupied on the night of the 5th by the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, Colonel [James] Monroe, and encamped at Baird's Mills, on the pike to Murfreesborough. This morning sent out cavalry ont he New Middleton road, to cross back on to the Alexandria road, and catch rebel hangers-on in our rear; also on orad to Rome, as far as Birg Spring, and on road to Gallatin. All these parties join main camp at Baird's Mills in the evening. At Lebanon found and brought away some 8,000 pounds of bacon, stored there for rebel use.

On the 7th, marched from Baird's Mills to Murfreesborough (19 miles), crossing East Fork of Stone's River on bridge of wagons, and made our camp after dark.

Five miles from Baird's Mills, our train was fired into by a body of rebel cavalry, about 150 strong. They came out of thick cedars, which abound in that vicinity; delivered one fire at random, and then ran. The fire was returned by the infantry escort, the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Monroe. We wounded several of the rebels at this point, and took 1 prisoner. Two shells from one of Harris' guns dispersed a body of men and horses from an open space in the woods; they ran precipitately, leaving behind several saddles, &amp;c., and a large quantity of boot. Precise damage done them could not be ascertained. We had 1 man very slightly wounded.

During the trip, at various points we captured 43 prisoners, representing various corps in the rebel service, more than 300 animals, about 50 beef-cattle, besides destroying the subsistence stores above named.

We had 5 men reported missing on coming into camp; they had straggled or are prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT, Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Douglas A. Murray, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Stanley, Tenn., February 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, for your information, the part taken by a portion of the Second Cavalry Brigade, consisting of the

