
Location of headquarters is on the Winchester and McMinnville road, half way between Taite's and Pennington's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department.
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp Winford, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps from the 24th ultimo to the present time:

The Third Division, Brigadier-General Brannan commanding, having, in accordance with orders previously given, reached Salem from Triune on the 23rd, received orders to march with McCook's corps in the direction of Fosterville on the 24th, and on the 25th to join the other divisions of the Fourteenth Army Corps on the Manchester pike. The First Division (Rousseau's), Second Division, (Negley's), and the Fourth Division (Reynolds') marched from Murfreesborough June 24, on the Manchester pike, Reynolds' division in advance, starting at 4 a.m., with orders, if possible, to seize and hold Hoover's Gap; Rousseau's division marching at 7 a.m, to move to the support of Reynolds, in case he called upon him for assistance. Negley's division marched at 10 a.m., in reserve. A few miles from our picket station, Wilder's brigade, mounted infantry, Reynolds' division, encountered the enemy's mounted vedettes, which he drove upon their reserve (Third Confederate Cavalry),and drove the whole through Hoover's Gap and beyond McBride's Creek. Colonel Wilder then observing that the enemy were in force in the direction of Fairfield, and preparing to attack him, took up a strong position on the hills at the southern terminus of Hoover's Gap. The other two brigades of Reynolds moved into and occupied the gap in rear of Wilder's force, and prepared for an attack from the front, having marched 17 miles.

While the division was taking its position, the First Brigade was attacked by a superior force. The attack was promptly accepted by Wilder's brigade, supported by the Second and Third Brigades, which were immediately ordered to the front, and posted on the ridge of woods on the extreme right, to prevent the enemy turning our right flank which was being heavily engaged by a superior force. As these re-enforcements arrived, the enemy was forced to fall back from the woods, and the right made secure by posting three regiments of Crook's brigade in the woods from which the enemy had just been so gallantly driven by the Seventeenth and Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, and Ninety-third Illinois Volunteers, and the position maintained. General Rousseau was ordered to send forward one brigade to re-enforce Reynolds, which was done. Major Coolidge, commanding brigade of Regulars, reported soon after dark, and every preparation was made for an attack on the following morning. The First and Second Brigades of Rousseau's division encamped in supporting distance, near the Widow Hoover's house, and Negley's division at Big Spring, in rear of Rousseau's division. The disposition of General Reynolds' division remained unchanged on the morning of the 25th, with slight skirmishing with the enemy in front. Colonel Scribner's brigade, Second Division, having been ordered to the front in the early part of the day, was posted in position

