
from the Third Division (Brannan's), was thrown forward on Tullahoma road, and engaged the enemy's outposts and vedettes, driving them back toward Tullahoma, killing and wounding many; the rebel General Starnes reported among the number killed. Our loss 2 men slightly wounded. Van Derveer's brigade was relieved about 6 p.m. by Steedman's (Second) brigade. The road from Manchester to this point was rendered nearly impassable by one of the heaviest and most continuous rains ever experienced.

June 30, Steedman's (Second) brigade, Third Division, started at an early hour, supported by a brigade from General Sheridan's division on the right and two regiments of Reynolds' division on the left, and pushed forward during the evening to within 1 1/2 or 2 miles of Tullahoma with comparative ease, General Steedman reporting that he was opposed by two regiments of cavalry and one section of artillery, at the same time reporting a loss of 15 men in his command, also killing and wounding many of the enemy, but could not report the number as they were carried from the field by the enemy. The two regiments of Reynolds' division also reached a point about 2 miles from Tullahoma, where the came upon a regiment of the enemy's cavalry, which retired after feeble resistance. The officer, believing it was intended to lead him into an ambuscade, did not pursue farther. Two regiments from Negley's division moved out on the Manchester road 4 or 5 miles without encountering or seeing the enemy. Colonel Wilder with his brigade returned to-day, having succeeded in striking the railroad and doing considerable damage near Decherd.

Early on the morning of July 1, having heard from a citizen that the enemy were evacuating Tullahoma, Steedman's brigade, Third Division supported by two regiments of Reynolds' division on his left, were ordered to advance cautiously and ascertain if the report was true. Meeting with no opposition, he entered Tullahoma at 12 m., capturing a few prisoners; General Brannan, commanding Third Division, reporting that the last of the rebel infantry retired during the night, and their cavalry commenced evacuating at daylight. General Reynolds was accordingly ordered to Tullahoma with his division, and the two divisions (Reynolds' and Brannan's) ordered to rejoin the corps at Heffner's Mill on the following morning. General Negley was directed to march to Heffner's Mill, and take post there for the night, General Rousseau to support him. In executing this order, Negley came upon the enemy about 4 miles from Bobo's Cross-Roads, and drove them steadily until they retired just at nightfall beyond Heffner's Mill. He then went into camp for the night, throwing out strong pickets to the right and front. General Rousseau was instructed after forming his camp, to throw pickets to the rear and left. The enemy made a stubborn resistance through the pass of Spring Creek, wounding a good many of our men, but were steadily driven back until darkness prevented farther pursuit through the thick brushwood bordering the hillsides of the pass.

On the 2nd, the Third and Fourth Divisions joined on Spring Creek, and the enemy were followed to the Winchester road crossing of Elk River. The bridges having been burned by the rebels, and the river not fordable, the First, Third and Fourth Divisions were moved up the river to Jones' Ford, and one brigade of Rousseau's division thrown across the stream, the remainder of the command camping on the north side. The ford being very deem, it was with great difficulty that the brigade effected a passage, damaging much of their ammunition by the water getting into their cartridge-boxes. Colonel Hambright, commanding this brigade, reported that the enemy had left the vicinity of the

