
June 26, early in the morning, Scribner's brigade was relieved in the front by Hambright. Ordered by General Thomas to move forward and clear the road toward Fairfield, on the main road, to which point (Fairfield) from Hoover's Gap the enemy-infantry and artillery-was strongly posted. He had two brigades ([B. R. Johnson's and [W. B.] Bate's) and a detached regiment or so. With General Thomas' permission and concurrence, General Brannan, with the Third Division, and myself, with the First and Third Brigades of my own division, moved to the right, with the view of turning the enemy's left, and capturing the force or driving it from its position. The troops were formed under cover of a wood, and were thence moved forward with great rapidity, Colonel Hambright being ordered to move forward and attack the enemy in his front, on the main road which he did with alacrity, driving the enemy before him, General Steedman, with his brigade, and Major Coolidge, with the Regulars, being in advance. On approaching the enemy, Coolidge's command charged in double-quick, driving the enemy before them. Seeing their left turned, the enemy fled with precipitation toward Fairfield, taking advantage of high grounds in his retreat to fire a few shots of artillery as he left. Encamped for the night on Fairfield road, near Johnston's, by order of General Thomas. General Brannan and myself, with our divisions, co-operated in this movement, and I am much indebted to General Brannan for his prompt and efficient aid in the movement, the success of which saved many valuable lives, which the movement in front alone would certainly have cost us. And we are both much indebted to Brigadier-General Crook, of General Reynolds' division, for valuable information touching the nature of the ground and the position of the enemy, which he gave us, going with us to the front for that purpose. The whole command behaved admirably.

The loss in killed and wounded in my division was as follows, to wit: First Brigade (Colonel Scribner commanding), 1 killed and 10 wounded; Second Brigade (Colonel Hambright commanding), 12 wounded, and Third Brigade, Regulars (Major Coolidge commanding), 3 commissioned officers wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 17 wounded.

June 27, by order of General Thomas, pursued the enemy to and halted at Fairfield, General Brannan in advance. Received orders there from General Thomas to march in rear of General Brannan, on Pan Handle Creek road, across to the Manchester pike; thence to Manchester. Reached Manchester about 1 o'clock at night; bivouacked on north side of Duck River for the night, in the rain.

June 28, moved over to Manchester and went into camp. In the afternoon ordered by General Thomas to march out to and encamp on Arnold's farm. Did so, and remained there until the morning of the 1st of July.

July 1, heard of the evacuation of Tullahoma by the enemy. Ordered forward in pursuit, General Negley in front. Marched about 8 miles, to near Widow Hale's Mill. Bivouacked at old Mr. Petty's, near General Negley.

July 2, ordered by General Thomas to continue pursuit of the enemy; General Negley still in front, he having engaged the enemy, and blocked up the road. General Thomas ordered me to take a by-way off to the left and ford Elk River at Jones' Crossing, 2 miles distant. I marched over on a good road, and on reaching the ford was fired upon by the enemy, and returned it. Found the river swollen and impassable for artillery, and barely passable for infantry. By the aid of ropes for the men to hold to, stretched across the stream, which was very rapid, I passed over the Second Brigade (Colonel Hambright), which moved out

