
to the front three-quarters of a mile and was again fired upon by the enemy, but he drove them before him. The passage by reason of the strong and rapid current, was not only difficult but very hazardous and much of the ammunition in the cartridge-boxes of the men crossing was unavoidably injured, the water running over their shoulders. The afternoon was consumed in crossing one brigade.

July 3, early in the morning, First and Third Brigades forded the stream with less difficulty, but the river was still too much swollen to admit the crossing of artillery. It rained hard during the day, and the river was more swollen at night than in the morning and the artillery could not cross. Moved the division up to the McMinnville and Winchester road; halted, and bivouacked for the night.

July 4, early in the morning the artillery crossed and joined its command. Marched over to the Pelham and Decherd road, from Payne's, by way of Duncan's, through a by-way to the point where Bragg's road leaves the Pelham and Decherd road, across the mountains. Here received news of successes against Lee's army, and permission from department headquarters to fire a salute, which was don with alacrity. Was informed here from corps headquarters that the pursuit of Bragg was virtually ended.

I have only a remark or two in conclusion. Altogether this was the most remarkable march I have ever known. It began to rain just as my division was being formed to march out of Murfreesborough on the 24th ultimo, and it has rained heavily every day since but one. The roads have been in a terrible condition, and marching was difficult and laborious, and the men who pursued the enemy, and fought during the day, through the rain and mud, laid down in the wet at night, to rise in the morning to go through the same labor and fatigue and hardships, all of which was done without one single murmur. It affords me great pleasure to say that my command during all these trials discharged their duty not only cheerfully and like soldiers, but which the greatest alacrity. Their behavior in my judgment could not have been better.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT.

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Scribner, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 1ST DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,In Camp near Decherd, Tenn., July 5, 1863

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders, on the morning of June 24 my command marched with the division from Murfreesborough, on the Manchester road, to Hoover's Gap. We essayed to turn off to the left, to camp at Big Spring, but found the road, in consequence of the rain, impassable for artillery and wagons; where-upon we countermarched, and bivouacked near Hoover's house.

On the morning of the 25th instant [ultimo], I was ordered by Major-General Rousseau to move my brigade to the front, where I relieved a

