
portion of General Reynolds' command and the Fifth Regular Battery of this division. I caused the First Michigan Battery, Lieutenant Van Pelt commanding, to form a right angle along Garrison Creek, on the right of the road. The Thirty-third Ohio, Colonel Moore commanding, was deployed along the creek on the right, an the Second Ohio was afterward placed in like manner on the left of the road. The Tenth Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Ely commanding, and the Thirty-eighth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin commanding, were posted as supports for the battery, and the Ninety-fourth Ohio, Colonel Bassford commanding, occupied a position on the hill on the left of the road. My orders were to hold the position. While taking these positions the enemy opened upon us a terrific fire from their batteries on the hills and their sharpshooters in the woods in our front, on the right of the bridge. Their fire was promptly responded to by Lieutenant Van Pelt, and constant skirmishing was kept up during the day by Colonel Moore.

About 5 o'clock in the evening, the enemy's batteries opened upon us again from five different points-from the two hills in front of the bridge and from the woods and hill on our right and rear. They all appeared to have our range, and for the space of a half hour the shot and shell fell thick and fast among us. Lieutenant Van Pelt again replied, with great vigor and skill, and succeeded in dismounting one of their guns in the wood, and in two shots, silencing the guns on the hill on our left. I cannot pass over incidents of these movements without making special mention of the conduct of the officers and men of this battery, the wheels of their guns and under their horses; yet no one faltered or shrunk from his duty. The same is also true of my whole command, who remained clam and steady throughout this terrific ordeal.

Early on the morning of the 26th instant [ultimo], the Thirty-third Ohio, having expended 40 rounds of ammunition, were relieved by the Thirty-eighth Indiana, and soon after my whole command, except the battery, were relieved by Colonel Hambright, commanding Second Brigade, of this division.

I was soon afterward ordered by Major-General Rousseau to take position on the right, to support the Regulars, who were about to lead the advance on Fairfield and to take a route around the hills, so as not to develop the movement to the enemy. In the exertion of this movement, I came in contact with a portion of General Brannan's division, which prevented me from getting into position in time to move off with the Regulars, so I was ordered to support a portion of the Fifth Regular Battery, on a hill in front. After the battery changed its position, and upon learning that Major-General Thomas had cautioned Major-General Rousseau to move steadily forward, but to look well to the right, as a demonstration of the enemy's cavalry was suspected in that direction, I moved my command to the extreme right of the line, and so disposed it as to form a crotchet to the rear in case an effort was made to turn our right. This maneuver was promptly reported, and received the approval of Major-General Rousseau. In this position we continued to advance, until we were ordered to bivouac for the night.

On the morning of the 27th instant [ultimo], Lieutenant Van Pelt reported with his battery. We continued the advance upon Fairfield, my brigade forming the second line to Colonel Walker's brigade. Here we rejoined the division, and proceeded with it to Manchester,arriving about midnight.

On the 28th instant [ultimo], we proceeded 4 miles on the Tullahoma road, and took position as support to General Brannan. Here we re-

