
mained two days. The next three days were occupied in the advance upon and fording of Elk River, which had become so swollen by the incessant rains as to delay our movements.

On the 4th of July, we arrived at this point.

For the list of killed and wounded of my command, you are respectfully referred to my former report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. SCRIBNER.

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Major W. P. McDOWELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Henry A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 1ST DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS.

In the Field, July 6, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular from department headquarters, I have the honor to transmit herewith a diary of marches and skirmishers with the enemy since leaving Murfreesborough, June 24, 1863.

The Second Brigade, composed of the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the First Wisconsin Volunteers, the Twenty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, the Twenty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, and the Fourth Indiana Battery, marched as ordered on the 24th of June, 1863, from camp near Murfreesborough, at 7 a.m., but was detained two hours by the train of General Reynolds at or near picket station of the southeastern front, on Manchester pike. Bivouacked at 7.30 p.m., having marched 10 miles.

June 25, at 4 p.m., I was ordered to move forward, leaving the Twenty-fourth Illinois, under Colonel Geza Mihalotzy, to guard train. Marched 3 miles, and took up a position at Hoover's Gap at 7.30 p.m. While taking position, the brigade was subjected to an enfilanding fire from the enemy's guns, posted on a commanding height in front, but without loss to us.

June 26, at 5 a.m, I received an order, through an aide of Colonel Scribner, to move to the front and relieve the First Brigade. I immediately threw forward the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania on the right and the First Wisconsin on the left of the pike, and deployed them as skirmishers to relieve the regiments of the First Brigade. During the deployment the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania lost 3 men wounded. Had I been properly informed by the officer whom I relieved of the nature of the ground, this loss could have been obviated.

The Twenty-first Wisconsin was posted as a reserve in the rear of the artillery. The Fourth Indiana Battery had been previously posted by the chief of artillery. At 10 a.m. I was ordered by General Thomas to advance in the direction of the Fairfield road and press the enemy. To do this it was necessary to change my front, which I did by causing the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania to make a right half-wheel, and the First Wisconsin to conform thereto. I then threw the Twenty-first

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 420.

---------------

