
Wisconsin forward as a support, and advanced. The line of skirmishers was almost immediately hotly engaged, but pushed forward rapidly, causing the enemy to retire in great confusion, strewing the ground with their blankets and equipments. After having advanced about one-half a mile, a rebel battery of two guns, advantageously posted in the immediate front of the right of my line, and supported by infantry, was encountered. Three companies of the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania opened a severe fire upon them, which was returned, but the enemy being unable to hold their ground, they were compelled to relinquish their position, falling back across the creek at a double-quick. Being some distance in the advance of the line on my right and left, I caused the advance to halt until it could be properly supported, moving forward again as soon as the line was reformed. I advanced about one-half a mile beyond the Fairfield road, when an order was received to halt and call in my skirmishers, three being no enemy in sight. During the skirmish the First Wisconsin captured 10 prisoners. No casualties occurred to them, although they were hotly engaged. The Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania lost 12 men wounded while approaching the rebel guns; two of them were mortally wounded. Returning one-half mile, at 4 p.m. took a defensible position, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 27th of June, at 3 a.m. the pickets of the First Wisconsin were attacked by a squad of rebel cavalry, who were handsomely repulsed without loss. At 9 o'clock, we moved forward through Fairfield, where we were rejoined by the Fourth Indiana Battery, toward Manchester, going into bivouac at 7.30 a.m., having marched 12 miles. At 9 p.m., moved to the suburbs of Manchester, arriving at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 28th; crossed Duck River, where the Twenty-fourth Illinois rejoined the brigade, and encamped in the vicinity of the village. At 5 p.m., moved 5 miles in the direction of Tullahoma, and, forming line of battle at Concord, on left of railroad we bivouacked at 10 p.m.

Remained in camp on the 29th and on the 30th in camp, performing regular tours of guard and picket duty.

July 1, 12 m., moved in the direction of Winchester; marched 12 miles, and went into camp on Silver Creek.

July 2, 8 a.m., advanced toward Elk River, throwing forward four companies from the First Wisconsin, under Lieutenant Colonel G. B. Bingham, as skirmishers, who were fired upon by a squad of cavalry at the ford, but without effect. The enemy retreated precipitately upon their fire being returned. In order to effect a crossing, the river being high and very rapid, lines were thrown across and secured, by means of which the crossing, though slow, was rendered safe. The first squad which crossed were ordered forward as pickets, under Lieutenant [R. J.] Nickles, of my staff. As soon as this squad was sufficiently augmented, they were deployed as skirmishers, who advanced 1 1/2 miles, encountering a small force of cavalry, who contested our advance but slightly. Company G, First Wisconsin, under Lieutenant Clark,took 5 prisoners while advancing. Deeming it unnecessary to advance farther, and desiring to encamp near water, I returned about three-fourths of a mile, bivouacked in a defensible position, and awaited the crossing of my battery and the remainder of the division.

July 3, moved forward to Winchester road, 2 miles, and bivouacked. July 4, moved in the direction of Decherd, 6 miles, and went into camp, where we now remain.

I desire to add a few words relative to the disposition of my medical officers during the engagement at Hoover's Gap, and the behavior of my staff and officers and men of my command. The assistant surgeon

