
Third and Fourth Ohio Cavalry, with detachments of the Third and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, from the 3rd to the 7th of February, 1863, while attached to the command of Brigadier-General [J. J.] Reynolds.

Joined the command of the general on the morning of the 3rd, and proceeded in rear of the command till about 4 miles to the front of our pickets on the Liberty pike, when the cavalry, with the exception of the Fourth Indiana, were ordered to the front as advance guard, and to push on to Auburn, and, if possible, to Prosperity Church, about 3 1/2 miles beyond it. The general learning that the enemy were there in strong force,w e moved carefully, with a strong advance and flank guard, without any interruption, as far as ordered. Hearing that about 30 rebel cavalrymen had moved at a rapid pace along the road toward the church half an hour ahead of us, we did not succeed in coming up with them. therefore, in compliance wit instructions, returned to Auburn and encamped one-half mile in front of the command to furnish the requisite number. Nothing occurred during the night worthy of mentioning. Next morning, at daylight, moved on in advance toward Liberty, driving in a picket of the enemy, consisting of about 50 or 60 men. About 2 1/2 miles this side of Liberty, we passed over on the road that led to Alexandria, where also a small body of the enemy were seen and a report that the enemy were in force to our right, which was without foundation. Passed through Alexandria, and encamped about 3 miles from it on the Lebanon pike, throwing out strong pickets front and rear. The pickets reported hearing that small bands of rebel cavalry were in the country, consisting of from 5 to 10 in number, plundering and stealing all they could lay their hands on, and committing all manner of depredations. Moved early next morning in the advance. Received orders to send scouting parties both on rome and Gallatin pikes, to proceed about 8 miles on both these roads. The Third Ohio Cavalry, consisting of 100 men, took the former, under command of Major J. W. Paramore, and made several important arrests, viz, General R. Anderson, senator; Colonel W. L. Martin, representative; W. B. Parsley and John Cox, conscript agents, and G. A. Parsley, lieutenant so-called C. S. Army, besides 3 enlisted men. The Fourth Ohio Cavalry, under command of Major [C. G.] Megrue, consisting of 100 men, took the Gallatin pike, and made several arrests. The entire command, with the balance of the cavalry in advance, proceeded through Lebanon, and took the Murfreesborough pike as far as Baird's Mills, and encamped, throwing out pickets tot he front on the road and roads leading from the main road as soon as we arrived in camp. About one-half hour after the arrival of the command, reported currently there that Morgan with his command would to a certainty make a strong attack upon us at Stone's River next day, which turned out to be, like the majority of such reports, without foundation. Received orders from General Reynolds to send 50 men as an escort to an officer and 5 men, who were to carry a dispatch to General Thomas. The escort had orders to proceed to the river and see the dispatch party across and then return. They met with no interruption, neither say anything to indicate that any force were in that vicinity, and arrived at camp about 8 p. m. Left camp next morning in advance, and proceeded to Stone's River without the least interruption of any kind; crossed the river, the rear portion of the train being fired into by a party of rebels, supposed to number about 120 or 130

