
of the First Wisconsin was the only one who accompanied the command into the field. I am satisfied much suffering might have been prevented had not so many surgeons been detailed at the hospitals. Men should receive attention as soon as possible after being struck. By waiting until they can be carried to the hospitals, often great suffering ensues, which might be prevented by timely aid. I am under great obligations to the members of my staff for their prompt and efficient assistance during the engagement and on the entire march. Where all did their duty cheerfully and promptly, there is no need to mention names.

I cannot say too much in praise of the officers and men of this brigade for the untiring energy and zealous spirit which they have displayed in braving every danger and enduring untold hardships during the twelve days of the present campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. A HAMBRIGHT.

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major W. P. McDOWELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 11. Report of Captain George W. Smith, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Third Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BATT. EIGHTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY.

Bivouac at Hoover's Gap, June 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of this day:

At 10 a.m. I received from Major-General Rousseau, in person, the order to move forward. I immediately gave the command to advance at double-quick, which was executed, notwithstanding the difficult ground, in most perfect order. After moving rapidly forward for half a mile the command entered a field of standing wheat, which, wet and matted, made the marching extremely laborious. The enemy's fire, from his commanding position on a range of steep hills immediately in front, began to take effect when the command had traversed the half of the field. The line moved steadily forward until the base of the hills held by the enemy was gained, where it was halted, by order of Major Sidney Coolidge, commanding brigade.

I cannot but mention the coolness and promptness with which every order was carried out by the several officers of this battalion, all of whom did their duty. Lieutenant R. F. Little, Company E, was knocked down and stunned by a ball, but rejoined his command in a few minutes, and remained on duty, throughout the action. I would also mention Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. Thomas T. Brand, who was of the greatest possible assistance to me, and did his duty, notwithstanding the fall of his horse in the beginning of th action in the most gallant manner.

I inclose a list of casualties in the command.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. W. SMITH,

Captain 18th Infantry, Commanding 1st Batt. 18th U. S. Infantry.

Captain W. S. THRUSTON.

Commanding Detachment Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 420.

---------------

