
Numbers 12. Report of Captain Henry Haymond, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND BATT. EIGHTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY.

Camp near Decherd, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by this battalion in the action at Hoover's Gap, Tenn., June 26, 1863:

The battalion, then being attached to the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, formed line in front of the enemy's position early on the morning of June 25. At 9 o'clock on the morning of June 26, the battalion, formed in column, with a strong line of skirmishers thrown to the front, advanced across an open field, under a severe fire of artillery and musketry, to attack the enemy, strongly posted on the hills beyond. When half-way across the field, Captain John A. Thompson commanding battalion, fell from his horse, mortally wounded. I at once assumed command. Upon reaching the base of the hills, the enemy hastily retreated. No pursuit was ordered, and the battalion bivouacked on the field. The conduct of the officers and men was all that could be desired. I annex a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY HAYMOND,

Captain Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

First Lieutenant HENRY B. FREEMAN.

Adjutant Detachment Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 13. Reports of Major General James S. Negley, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

NEAR ELK RUN BRIDGE,

July 2, 1863-3.30 p.m.

GENERAL: We have driven the enemy from view on the opposite side of the river. Have possession of the stockade on the north side of bridge. An intelligent deserter who crossed the river and came into my lines reports that we punished the enemy very severely with our artillery, dismounting one gun, injuring a caisson, and killing several of his men. The artillery belonged to Wheeler's cavalry division, Martin's and Wharton's brigades, the same who were skirmishing with my command yesterday. In addition to Wheeler's cavalry on the opposite side of the river this a.m., there was Buckner's command (about 3,000), Stewart's, Churchill's, + and part of Cheatham's division, and the reserve artillery (sixteen pieces), chiefly 12-pounders, supported by the First Louisiana Infantry. I have sent scouting parties to Allisona, who report three guns in position supported by one regiment of infantry in view and some cavalry; also some wagons and tents. I have not deemed it to be your purpose to drive them from that position. Although we have scouted a distance of 4 or 5 miles along the railroads, meeting with stragglers from Sheridan's and Johnson's divisions, we have failed to open communications with either of these generals. I am making another effort. Most of the Tennessee troops were sent by railroad the

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 420.

+Cleburne's?

---------------

