
night of the evacuation of Tullahoma. Apparently only a short distance forward Bragg is having the cars meet his forces at various points to relieve them of stores and transportation,so as to secure his safe transit to Chattanooga.

I have the honor to remain, yours, truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decherd, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command, since leaving Murfreesborough:

On the morning of June 24, at 11.30, moved my command out on the Winchester pike, in the direction of Manchester, following immediately in the rear of General Rousseau's train. Early in the morning rain commenced falling, which continued throughout the day. My march was rendered very slow and difficult in consequence of the roughness of the road which was very badly cut up by the long trains in advance. Three-fourths of a mile beyond Big Spring Branch, I moved two brigades to the left, striking the Big Spring road, 1 mile from Big Spring. Here, at 7.30 p.m., received orders to send one brigade to White's Store, in support of General McCook which order was shortly afterward countermanded, and the division ordered into camp for the night.

June 25, 10 a.m., moved my command with trains toward Hoover's Gap, acting as a reserve to the divisions of Generals Reynolds and Rousseau. Arrived at Hoover's Gap at 1 p.m. Found the road blocked up with trains of Generals Reynolds and Rousseau, the enemy still holding the head of the gap. Encamped the division one-half mile beyond Jacob's Store, awaiting further orders.

June 26, 7.30 a.m., received orders to push forward immediately and occupy Beech Grove, and be in supporting distance of Generals Rousseau and Brannan, who were moving toward Fairfield. I left all my transportation in the rear, leaving one regiment (Thirty-seventh Indiana) as guard, and pushed the troops forward as rapidly as possible. By direction of General Thomas, I placed a battery of artillery on the commanding knoll to the right of the pike, one-fourth of a mile in advance of Jacobs' Store, in order to silence the guns of the enemy should he open on our infantry, which was advancing to the front. The enemy having fallen back from his strong position, moved my command forward to Beech Grove, and disposed it on the ridge in rear of Dr. Newell's residence, to the right of the pike and fronting Fairfield.

June 27, 2 a.m., received orders to send to regimental trains forward to Manchester, sending one brigade of infantry as a guard for my own and other trains on the road. At 6 o'clock, moved the other two brigades in the direction of Fairfield, in support of Generals Rousseau and Brannan. When 2 miles from Beech Grove, received orders to proceed to he intersection of the Noah's Fork with the Fairfield and McMinnville road, moving one brigade in the direction of Fairfield and the other toward Manchester. At 11.30 a.m. received orders to march to Manchester. The Fairfield and Pan-Handle road being impassable for trains, I marched via McMinnville road to the Manchester pike, thence through Matt's Hollow to Manchester, where I arrived at 9.45 p.m., and took a position on Hillsborough pike designated for my command by Major-General Rosecrans.

