
I was then directed by General Thomas to hold the ford and engage the attention of the enemy, while the divisions of Generals Rousseau, Reynolds, and Brannan crossed at a ford above. At 2.30 p.m., my skirmishers had taken possession of the bridge, and succeeded in quenching the fire before it had done any serious damage to the main structure.

July 3, 10 a.m., the river having fallen so as to be barely fordable, I received orders to cross and proceed to Pennington's plantation, on the Hillsborough and Winchester road, there to halt and await further orders. Here, at 11 p.m., the detachments of the First Ohio and Second Kentucky Cavalry, which had been acting under my orders since leaving Bobo's Cross-Roads, were ordered by Major-General Stanley to rejoin their respective brigades.

July 4, 12 m., left Pennington's, taking the Brakefield Point road to foot of Cumberland Mountains, where I arrived at 3.30 p.m. Ascending the mountain with one brigade, found the road near the summit obstructed by trees felled by the enemy. From the lateness of the hour and almost impassable condition of the road, I deemed it impracticable to reach water that night by going farther. I therefore ordered the troops to descend, and encamped at the foot of the mountain. Here I was directed to remain until further orders.

Since leaving Murfreesborough my command has captured 62 prisoners, some of whom, however, were voluntary.

Casualties: Killed, 2 (1 commissioned officer, Second Kentucky Cavalry); wounded, 5; missing, 2 (1 commissioned officer).*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. NEGLEYL,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT..

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Reports of Brigadier General John Beatty, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HILLSBOROUGH, TENN.,

June 28, 1863-10 p.m.

GENERAL: Inclosed find dispatch from Colonel James Monroe, which he desires to be delivered to General Reynolds to-night. All quiet here. By mistake, the countersign for the Twenty-ninth was given to our pickets to-night. We have in charge 4 prisoners received from Colonel Wilder; will send them in to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

JOHN BEATTY,

Brigadier-General.

P. S., FIFTEEN MINUTES LATER. - Our vedettes on Tullahoma road have been attacked.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR HILLSBOROUGH,

June 28, 1863-9 p.m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS, Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Finding Elk River not fordable, Colonel Wilder commanded me to move down the river 12 miles to Allisona, whilst he,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 420.

---------------

