
with the balance of the brigade, moved up to Pelham. I failed to get across the bridge, finding Withers' division on this side, just arriving from Tullahoma. The road was full of troops. I showed myself to draw attention from Wilder's movements, and fell back to this place after a few shots. I saw an immense wagon train, a battery of artillery, and think they are moving everything over Elk River. I will start at 2 a.m. to join Colonel Wilder.

Yours, truly,

JAMES MONROE,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of my brigade since leaving Murfreesborough, June 24, 1863:

June 24, marched to Big Creek.

June 25, marched to Hoover's Gap.

June 26, marched to Beech Grove.

June 27, guarded the train of the Second Division from Beech Grove to Manchester.

June 28, was ordered to move to Hillsborough, take up a strong position, and remain there to watch movements of the enemy on our left and support Colonel Wilder, who was making demonstration in direction of Decherd. During the night my cavalry pickets on Tullahoma road were driven in and my brigade was drawn up in expectation of an attack, but the enemy did not venture to assail us, although, as I subsequently learned, he had four regiments of cavalry, in the vicinity.

June 29, left Hillsborough at 12 m., to join my division on the Manchester and Winchester road. When 3 or 4 miles out, the enemy's cavalry made a dash on the head of my column killing Lieutenant Jenkins, of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, wounding 1 private, and capturing another of the same regiment. Approaching Bobo's Cross-Roads, my column was fired upon by artillery. Supposing the enemy before me, I prepared for battle, and at the same time sent a company of cavalry to the right, to communicate with our troops on the Manchester and Winchester road. I soon after discovered that General Reynolds' division had arrived at Bobo's Cross-Roads, and that they had mistaken us for the enemy. Fortunately, no one had been injured by the artillery or by the few musket and carbine shots which had been exchanged.

June 30, remained at Bobo's Cross-Roads.

July 1, about 10 o'clock in the morning, my sentinels brought into camp a citizen who claimed to have escaped from Tullahoma at midnight, and who stated that the enemy were leaving Tullahoma, and that in the confusion consequent upon a hasty removal of troops in the night he had been able to escape. This information was immediately communicated to Major-General Negley, and my brigade (and one battalion of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, commanded by Colonel T. P. Nicholas, with me since June 28) was ordered forward to reconnoiter in the direction of Winchester. After getting beyond our pickets, say a half a mile, three deserters came in to us, giving the same information in substance obtained from the citizen referred to above. A half mile farther on the Second Kentucky Cavalry, now deployed in our front, became engaged with the

