
enemy, and drove him nearly a mile, when they were fired upon by two pieces of artillery. I immediately hastened forward Captain Hewett's three guns (one having been disabled in leaving camp), sent my cavalry to watch my flanks, threw the Fifteenth Kentucky, Colonel Taylor, on the right, and the One hundred and fourth Illinois, Colonel Moore on the left of the road, holding the Forty-second Indiana, Colonel McIntire, and Eighty-eighth Indiana, Colonel Humphreys, in reserve. We had hardly got into position when the enemy opened with grape. Acquainted with the road, he had the range of the only position we could take, and was entilery hidden to sun, but Captain Hewett, judging from the sound and smoke of the enemy's guns, was enabled so to direct his fire as to drive him in fifteen minutes' time from his position, and do him, as we afterward learned, considerable damage. In this engagement the One hundred and fourth Illinois lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded slightly; the Fifteenth Kentucky 1 mortally, 1 seriously, and 1 slightly wounded, and the battery lost 1 horse. The enemy lost 2 men killed certainly, quite a number wounded, and lost 2 horses. I pushed forward the column my skirmishers exchanging shots continually with the enemy, who retired slowly, halting and planting his battery at six different points on the road. Following him up steadily, we drove him from every position, and finally halted for the night at

-----

, 1 1/2 miles north of Elk River.

The day was oppressively hot, and nearly 50 of my men had fallen down in the woods and by the roadside, utterly exhausted; quite a number of them were carried to the rear in a state of insensibility from effects of the extreme heat. After halting, the Second Kentucky Cavalry, went forward on the right of the road, and apparently became hotly engaged. Taking the One hundred and fourth Illinois, I started through the woods in the direction of the heaviest firing, to render any assistance that might be needed; but ascertaining from Colonel Stoughton, commanding the brigade, that his skirmishers only were engaged, at the suggestion of Major-General Negley, I posted Colonel Moore's regiment and the Nineteenth Illinois on the right, to oppose any demonstration on our flank. At dark we were ordered to encamp for the night.

July 2, between 7 and 8 o'clock in the morning, we moved forward. I sent two companies of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, under Major Collins, in advance, and the remainder of the battalion and detachment of the Third Ohio Cavalry, both under Colonel T. P. Nicholas, to the right and left, to guard the flanks; deployed the Forty-second Indiana on the left and Eighty-eighth Indiana on the right of the road, holding my other two regiments in reserve. After proceeding a mile, Major Collins reported that the enemy had burned the bridge over Elk River, and taken position with his artillery and infantry on the bluffs beyond. Riding forward, I discovered the enemy's cavalry and infantry across the river, and his artillery in position ready to open on us whenever the head of our column should make its appearance in the turn of the road. Seeing that it would be useless to expose my infantry, and that artillery alone would be effectual in dislodging him, I hurried forward Captain Hewett's four guns, and sent back a request for another battery, upon which Captain Schultz' battery was sent forward. Without exposing my horses and men, so as to draw the enemy's fire, I succeeded in getting ten guns in position before he was aware of it, and opened fire. The enemy replied vigorously, but so well were the guns of Captains Hewett and Schultz served, that after about forty minutes the enemy retired his artillery double-quick. I then sent forward my regiments to the river, shelled the sharpshooters and cavalry from the hills on the

