
opposite side, sent a few men to occupy a stockade near the bridge, and drive away a few troublesome sharpshooters, who were still concealed in the bluffs. My men extinguished the fire on the bridge, and saved it in sufficiently sound condition to enable us with a little work to cross our infantry. A few men of the One hundred and fourth Illinois and Forty-second Indiana were slightly wounded here.

July 3, assisted a detachment of the pioneer corps in repairing the bridge and crossed the river at 10 a.m., guarded the division train to Pennington's.

July 4, marched at noon on the Brakefield Point road. My cavalry advanced on the road crossing the mountains as far as University Place. My infantry had nearly reached the summit when the brigade was ordered back.

In the above, I may have gone further than you contemplated when you requested a detailed report. The operations of my brigade have not, I am happy to say, been attended with serious loss of life. The work assigned us, however, has been accomplished, and I trust in a satisfactory manner.

I regret exceedingly the loss of Lieutenant Jenkins, Second Kentucky Cavalry. He is said to have been a gallant young officer, universally esteemed by the members of his battalion.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN BEATTY,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

[P. S.]- On the 2nd, 3rd and 4th of July, we gathered up a large number of deserters and stragglers from the rebel army, who were turned over to the division provost-marshal. I did not retain the names, and do not know the exact number.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel William L. Stoughton, Eleventh Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 6, 1863

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of my command for the last ten days:

The Second Brigade left Murfreesborough, Tenn., on the 24th ultimo, and moved 7 miles out.

On the morning of the 25th [ultimo], the march was resumed, my brigade acting as guard for the ammunition and division train, and encamped 2 miles from Hoover's Gap.

On the 26th [ultimo], my brigade moved forward in the advance, passing Hoover's Gap, and went into camp near Beech Grove. Immediately after going into camp, in pursuance of your orders, a reconnaissance was made to the front, and the enemy found in force, who fell back on our approach,but could not be pursued, on account of the lateness of the hour and bad condition of the roads.

Early the next morning the march was resumed, moving immediately in

