
the rear of the First Brigade, and in position to render prompt support. The command reached Manchester at 8 p.m., and went into camp, where it remained during the next day (Sunday, the 28th [ultimo]), making active preparations to resume the march.

The next morning the line of march was resumed, and, after proceeding 2 miles, the roads were found utterly impassable for the transportation, which was sent back, escorted by a detachment of the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and the artillery, supported by five companies of the Eleventh Michigan Volunteer Infantry, brought up with great labor. Late at night the infantry and artillery bivouacked in an open field, 6 miles from Tullahoma, and remained in this position during the next day, with strong pickets, thrown forward.

Early in the morning of July 1, we moved in the direction of Elk River Bridge. The enemy soon appeared in front, and opened with his artillery. During the day we supported the First Brigade, and about 7 p.m., my brigade was by your orders sent forward to receive General Beatty's skirmishers, and push the enemy as far to the front as might be prudent before going into camp. We advanced nearly a mile when rapid firing was heard in our front. A small body of cavalry from the First Ohio and Second Kentucky had engaged the enemy, and my line of skirmishers was at once strengthened and sent forward to their assistance. The enemy seemed to be in considerable force, and a heavy skirmish ensued, lasting till after dark, when the enemy retired from the field.

Soon after the firing commenced, General Beatty brought up a part of his brigade to support my line in case it should be necessary. Lieutenant Henry S. Platt, aide-de-camp and acting brigade ordnance officer, has been missing since the skirmish, and is supposed to have been captured while in the discharge of his duties.

On the morning of July 2, we moved forward to the bank of Elk River, and bivouacked and remained at that place till the morning of the 3rd, when we crossed the river, and in the afternoon went into camp near Pennington's Church. While lying on the bank of Elk River, Captain Schultz' battery (M), First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, opened a brisk fire on the enemy across the river, and in connection with the Second Kentucky Battery silenced his guns.

On the morning of July 4, the march was again resumed, and, after proceeding about 2 miles up the Cumberland Mountains, the road was found impracticable and the command returned to the camp now occupied.

Both officers and men of my command have endured the heavy marching with great fortitude, displaying great zeal and an ardent wish to meet the enemy. The march has been in the main orderly; few depredations have been committed, and these, as far as known, promptly punished.

Captain Schultz is entitled to great praise for the manner in which he has brought his artillery over the almost impassable roads.

I am also under great obligations to Captain [R. J.] Wagoner, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [W. G.] Hendricks, inspector, and Captain [Alexander] Pearce, provost-marshal, for the assistance they have rendered me and their general efficiency.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM L. STOUGHTON.

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

