
men, who, after firing, retreated and fled in every direction, I was told. When we recrossed the river, and met the command advancing, ordered again by the general to proceed in the advance to the river, and not cross over until the entire command did so. I threw out strong pickets tot he rear and flanks, which I did not withdraw until the entire command had passed over the river, which they did by means of a bridge formed by wagons. We had two small pieces of mountain howitzers with our brigade, which the lieutenant in charge informed me that General Reynolds said to him might with his section remain with us. It appears from all I heard that Colonel Wilder will not allow it, as he claims them as his, and wishes them to accompany his brigade (infantry) when they are mounted, which is the intention, I believe. They would be a great acquisition to us, and, if possible, if I cannot obtain those, I hear that there are several such pieces in Nashville, Tenn. Could I not, on your recommendation, procure a section of such guns? I could easily man them, having a number of old artillerymen in the command.

Our horses had ample forage during the scout; worked very hard, and traveled over a large section of country. The country passed through was principally hilly, the roads good, and with the exception of the bridge over Stone's River, the different bridges on the road were in good order. Our command returned last evening about 8.30 o'clock.

Our casualties were 6 enlisted men, 1 of the Third Ohio Cavalry, 5 of the Fourth Ohio Cavalry, supposed to be captured by the enemy.

The command picked up some fine-looking horses and mules, 91 of the former and 19 of the latter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. MURRAY,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Ohio Cavalry, Commanding Second Cav. Brigade.

Brigadier General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Cavalry.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain John T. Deweese, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, FOURTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 10, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, on the morning of the 3rd of this month I reported to Major-General Reynolds, commanding the Fifth Division of this army. My command consisted of 125 men, being parts of Companies A, B, C, D, and E, of this regiment.

On the 3rd and 4th instant nothing of importance occurred worthy of note. We marched each day 25 miles without any opposition from the enemy, camping on the night of the 3rd at Auburn and on the 4th at Alexandria.

On the morning of the 5th, in pursuance to orders from Major-General Reynolds, I left the road occupied by the main column of our march, and marched due north 9 1/2 miles, on the Midway pike, to Elesin's Mill, where the rebel army had collected a large amount of wheat and corn, and were grinding it for their own use. The enemy having heard of our approach, fled before we entered the village. We immediately proceeded to destroy the mill by tearing and breaking the machinery, so as to render it entirely unserviceable for months. We

