
the mean time retiring. In the evening the Thirty-seventh Indiana rejoined the brigade. Encamped on the right of the road.

On July 2, marched to near Elk River, where we encamped and remained all day. The battery (First Ohio Volunteer Artillery) was detached and sent to the front.

Took up line of march on July 3, 1863. Arrived at Elk River, where we were considerably delayed by the poor facilities for crossing. My command took the advance, soon arriving at Farmer Pennington's, where we halted, placed a section of artillery on an eminence which commanded the valley, and remained in this position all day.

On the morning of July 4, marched from our position, and arrived at Bennett's Farm, near Cumberland Mountains, where we encamped, and still remain.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM SIRWELL,

Colonel Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Third Brigadier

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 17. Reports of Brigadier General John M. Brannan, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Garrison Creek, Tenn., June 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from corps headquarters, I reported at 8 a.m. this day (June 26, 1863.) to Major-General Rousseau, on the Manchester pike, By his direction I moved my division to the right of the pike, with a view to turn the flank of the rebel position on the heights north of Garrison Creek.

Having succeeded in forming line, under a pretty brisk fire of musketry, I advanced the First Brigade, Colonel M. B. Walker commanding, on the right, while with the Second, Brigadier General J. B. Steedman, and the Third, Colonel F. Van Derveer, I supported the advance of the First Division on the center and left. After a determined but ineffectual resistance on the part of the rebels, we gained the first position, while the rebels with great rapidity took up a position on the commanding heights south of Garrison Creek. Having established batteries on the position lately taken from the enemy the Second Brigade of my division, supported by a portion of the First Division, were thrown forward, and again succeeded in dislodging the rebels from their position.

The enemy then attempted to enfilade us from the high ground on our right, but in this were effectually prevented by the gallant and determined manner in which they were attacked and driven back by Colonel Walker's brigade.

The conduct of the troops was everything that could be wished. In accordance with orders from General Rousseau, I am encamped on Scott's Branch of Garrison Creek.

