
The loss in killed and wounded is as follows:

Wounded.

 Enlisted	 Commission	 Enlisted

Command.	 men killed	 ed	 men.

 	 officers

First Brigade:

17th Ohio	 3	 -	 21

31st Ohio	 -	 1	 12

38th Ohio	 -	 -	 6

82nd Indiana	 -	 -	 2

4th Michigan Light Battery	 1	 -	 -

Total First Brigade	 4	 1	 41

Second Brigade:

10th Kentucky	 -	 -	 1

10th Indiana	 -	 -	 1

74th Indiana	 -	 -	 1

Total Second Brigade	 -	 -	 3

Aggregate	 4	 1	 44

NOTE.-Two horses killed.

I will send a more complete report of killed and wounded as soon as it can be prepared.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

In Camp, Manchester, Tenn., June 28, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with orders of this date, I have the honor to submit the following summary of the operations of my division during the past five days:

By direction of Major General G. Granger, commanding Reserve Corps, I advanced from Triune, Tenn., at 9 a.m. on Tuesday, June 23, 1863, by the Nolensville pike, to within 1 mile of Harpeth River, and thence striking across to the Manchester pike, by way of Winslow's Camp Ground, I arrived at Salem at 6 p.m., and encamped for the night.

At 7 a.m. Wednesday, June 24, I advanced of the Twentieth Army Corps. I remained at Christiana until relieved, in turn, by General Baird's division of the Reserve Corps, when I advanced 2 miles in the direction of Millersburg, and encamped for the night on Ross' farm, at Henry's Creek. At Christiana my pickets encountered those of the rebels,a nd kept up a brisk skirmish during my stay at that point, the rebels occasionally bringing a 6-pounder gun to bear upon us, without, however, doing us any injury.

On Thursday, June 25, I was relived from duty with the Reserve Corps, and ordered to report to the corps proper of the division. I,

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 420.

---------------

