
[CHAP. XXXV.

however, remained at the Ross farm, at the request of General McCook, commanding on my immediate left, until 11 a.m. that day, when I advanced to Hoover's Mill and encamped for the night.

During the 24th and 25th it rained incessantly, rendering the dirt roads over which I was frequently obliged to travel exceedingly difficult for the passage of artillery and wagons. I, however, succeeded in bringing my train through with comparatively little damage.

On Friday, June 26, I reported, according to orders, to Major-General Rousseau, and, in conjunction with his division, effected the passage of Hoover's Gap (an official report of the action attending which I have already forwarded), and encamped that night on the south side of Scott's Branch of Garrison Creek.

On Saturday, June 27, I advanced to Manchester, via Fairfield, striking the Manchester pike at Powell's farm, and encamped there, under the direction of the major-general commanding the corps.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

CRUMPTON'S CREEK, TENN.,

June 29, 1863-9.15 a.m.

I am pressing the enemy in front and right with more than a brigade.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRANNAN'S DIVISION, EAST WING,July 1, 1863-12.45 p.m.

We took possession of Tullahoma, with my advance,at 12 m. No enemy, except a few scattering cavalry. Prisoners captured state that the enemy were 35,000 (infantry) strong, with all their cavalry and artillery-Wheeler, Wharton, and Forrest. The last of the infantry left between midnight and daylight, and their cavalry since. I believe that their rear is totally disorganized.

General Sheridan is here, and, with his cavalry and mine, will pursue the enemy immediately.

I await further instructions.

J. B. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT.

[Indorsement.]

Have directed Brannan to pursue with his cavalry, and he and Reynolds to join me at Widow Hale's Mill to-morrow, unless otherwise ordered by you. I shall make my headquarters at Widow Hale's Mill to-night, where please send me further instructions.

I still recommend the arrangement suggested in my note of this morning.

I think Stanley can strike them a severe blow at or near Pelham.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Army, Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.

