HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Marsh's Spring, Elk River, July 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the commanding general, a summary of the operations of this division since June 28, 1863.

At 12 m. that day, I left Manchester and proceeded to Crumpton's Creek, in accordance with the order of the major-general commanding corps, and encamped on as favorable a position as I could obtain. On arriving in camp, the beating of drums could be distinctly heard in front, as also the running of cars at Tullahoma.

My advance was disputed by the enemy's pickets, who kept up a desultory fire on my skirmishers until long after nightfall.

On the following day (June 29), I advanced the Third Brigade, Colonel Van Derveer commanding, of my division, cautiously, about 2 miles on the main road to Tullahoma, meeting with considerable resistance from the rebels. I did not advance farther, as General Sheridan's being the only division of the Twentieth Army Corps so far advanced, he was unable to support me on the right. I threw two regiments of my command about a mile to the front, on the Winchester road, but withdrew them the same night, on the arrival of Reynolds' division at Bobo's Cross-Roads.

On June 30, I relieved the Third Brigade by the Second, of my division, General Steedman commanding, increased by the Thirty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, from the First Brigade, and pushed forward to within 2 1/2 miles of Tullahoma, supported by Sheridan on my right and Reynolds on my left.

The rebels offered considerable resistance, occasionally bringing field pieces to bear upon our advancing forces.

On the succeeding day (July 1, 1863), having been ordered to push forward vigorously and feel the enemy, I left Crumpton's Creek at 10 a.m., July 1, with my entire command, and advanced cautiously on the main road to Tullahoma, to within about 1 mile of that town, where, finding the line of works evacuated, I pushed on with all speed to Tullahoma, entering the town close on the retreat of the rebel cavalry, at 12 m. I was shortly afterward joined by Sheridan's division, which had hitherto been my right support.

The rebel works were considerable, and well constructed, effectually covering the road by which I advanced. They had evidently been abandoned in great haste, as I found three large guns and considerable subsistence stores on entering the town. The guns, carriages, and a great portion of the subsistence had been st on fire by the rebels, and were still burning when I arrived. No ammunition was found. I caused the available subsistence stores to be issued to the troops, being out of rations.

The division lost as follows, on the advance from Manchester to Tullahoma: Second Brigade, 15 wounded and 1 missing.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

