
passing through the gap to McBride's Creek. The mounted brigade discovering the enemy in force in the direction of Fairfield, concentrated at the southern terminus of Hoover's Gap, and the other two brigade moved into and occupied the gap, in the rear of the First Brigade. Orders were issued to encamp, prepared for an attack from the front, and while the division was taking position, about 2 p.m., the First Brigade was vigorously attacked by a superior force. The dispositions for receiving this attack were promptly made by Colonel Wilder, commanding First Brigade. The other two brigades were ordered forward, and, passing to the front to examine the field, I found the First Brigade heavily engaged Lilly's battery (Eighteenth Indiana) and the mountain howitzers supported by the one hundred and twenty-third Illinois and Seventy-second Indiana. The Seventeenth Indiana was posted on the ridge of woods on our extreme right. An attempt to turn our right flank by five regiments of the enemy was made, and the Seventy-second Indiana and Ninety-eighth Illinois were ordered to the support of the Seventeenth Indiana in the woods. Harris' Battery (Nineteenth Indiana) was ordered to the front, and the sixty-eighth Indiana to support it. The Seventy-fifth and One hundred and first Indiana and One hundred and fifth Ohio were ordered to the extreme right, which was now hard pressed by superior numbers. Just as this re-enforcements arrived on the ground, the Seventeenth Indiana and Ninety-eighth Illinois succeeded, with their Spencer rifles, in forcing the enemy back from the woods on our right, preventing that flank from being turned. General Crook was now placed in charge of the right, with three regiments of his brigade, the Thirty-sixth, Eighty-ninth and Eleventh Ohio. The Seventy-second Indiana and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois were relieved by the Ninety-second Ohio and Eighteenth Kentucky, and Lilly's battery by Andrew's Twenty-first Indiana Battery. The firing of the artillery was kept up more or less rapidly, and with occasional intermission, until dark.

With the dispositions above made, it appeared quite feasible to maintain our position against the force that had thus far opposed us, and such was the report made to the commander of the Fourteenth Army Corps, who had arrived. Availing myself of permission previously granted in case of attack, I had already sent word to General Rousseau, commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, that we were engaged, and requested that a brigade be moved up near at hand, in case the enemy should receive re-enforcements. The brigade of Regulars of the Second Division, Major Coolidge, was accordingly reported soon after dark, with which was a battery (Fifth Regular Artillery), commanded by Captain Kensel. At dark, the Seventeenth Indiana and the Ninety-eighth Illinois were withdrawn from the right. To provide for an early attack on the morning of the 25th, the following disposition was ordered, and the troops directed to move for their positions at 2 a.m.: Kensel's battery (Fifth Regular Artillery) and Andrew's Twenty-first Indiana Battery in front, which also commanded our left by their fire; the Seventy-second Indiana and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois supporting above batteries; four of Lilly's rifled guns in depression on ridge to the right of high knob which separated these four guns from the others; two guns of Lilly's battery in reserve; the brigade of Regulars added to the force in the woods on the right; under General Crook; Harris' battery at the foot of high hill and in reserve, and the Seventeenth and Sixty-eighth Indiana and Ninety-eighth Illinois in reserve on the road, sheltered, but close at hand.

Early in the forenoon the enemy was observed planting a battery of two guns opposite to our right. Two of Lilly's guns, under Lieutenant

