
[CHAP. XXXV.

Scott, were placed in position to oppose them, and, after a few rounds, silenced them, and the enemy withdrew them. Two of Harris' rifled guns were this forenoon placed on the high knob, from which commanding position they did good service during the entire day of the 25th. Early in the forenoon of the 25th, Colonel Scribner's brigade of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, came up and was ordered to the support of the batteries in front, and to form a line of pickets on our extreme left. The First Michigan Battery of this brigade relieved Kensel's battery in front. Skirmishing was going on all day, more or less actively, between the regiments supporting the batteries and the enemy's pickets. Near sundown on the 25th, the enemy opened quite vigorously on our batteries, and for nearly an hour an active cannonade was kept up, which resulted in very slight damage to us.

Casualties on the afternoon of the 24th (the Fourth Division being our only force on the ground) were 12 killed and 41 wounded. On the 25th, 3 killed and 6 wounded. No other casualties in the Fourth Division reported to these headquarters.

The Fourth Division was opposed on the 24th by the rebel division of General A. P. Stewart, composed of the four brigade (as appears by its organization, captured near Fairfield on the 27th) of Brigadier General B. R. Johnson, J. C. Brown, W. B. Bate, and H. D. Clayton.

The loss of the enemy has not been definitely ascertained, but from the testimony of prisoners unhurt as well as wounded, the dead left on the field, and other sources, it is known to be very much greater than our own. We took 40 prisoners, of whom 9 were wounded, 3 of the latter being commissioned officers.

On the 26th, the division moved toward Manchester, and encamped 5 miles from it. The mounted brigade moved around by McBride's Creek. Nine prisoners were taken to-day by this brigade.

On the 27th, the division, mounted brigade in advance, moved for ward, and by 8.30 a.m. was in possession of Manchester, where we took 20 prisoners, 3 of whom were commissioned officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Elk River, Burnt Bridge, ---- --,[1863.]

The summary of the operations of the Fourth Division will be resumed with June 28.

The division spent this day at Manchester, Tenn.

June 29, division moved toward Tullahoma, and encamped near Concord Church, about 5 miles from Tullahoma, on the left, and in support of General Brannan's division. Whole march this day in a drenching rain.

June 30, division lay in camp. Sent reconnaissance of two regiments, the Eighty-ninth and Ninety-second Ohio, Colonel Fearing, Ninety-second Ohio, from the Third Brigade, toward Tullahoma. This force went to within 2 miles of Tullahoma, and encountered the enemy's cavalry pickets. Drove them back to the main body of cavalry, which being too strong for the party, it returned to camp.

