
July 1, sent reconnoitering party of Sixty-eighth and Seventy-fifth Indiana, under Colonel Robinson, toward Tullahoma, in support of a force from Third Division, (Brannan's), Fourteenth Army Corps, which moved on another road from Concord Church. Colonel Robinson' command marched into Tullahoma by 11 a.m., and found no troops of enemy or our own in possession. Colonel Robinson sent this information to division headquarters, and on arrival of General Steedman, with his brigade, reported to him, as the senior officer present. On the receipt of this information, the remainder of the division marched to Tullahoma, and on arriving, about 5 p.m., found the place occupied by the Third Division (Brannan's), Fourteenth Army Corps, and the command of Colonel Robinson above referred to. Division encamped at Tullahoma.

July 2, division marched to Elk River, near Jones', and encamped. River not fordable.

July 3, marched to Elk River Ford, near Burnt Bridge. River fordable for baggage, but not safe for ammunition train, the heavy rains of the forenoon having caused it to rise. Found General Negley's train crossing. Encamped near this ford.

July 4, crossed Elk River and marched to Pennington's Cross-Roads. Most of the day consumed in making this 2 1/2 miles over a road that had to be worked nearly all the way. A force is now repairing it.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel John T. Wilder, Seventeenth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 4TH DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Duck River Bridge, July 11, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late movements, resulting in driving the rebel forces under General Bragg south across the Tennessee River:

On the morning of June 24, 1863, at 3 o'clock, my command moved from camp, 6 miles north from Murfreesborough, and taking the advance of the Fourteenth Army Corps, on the Manchester pike moved forward to Big Spring Branch, 7 miles from Murfreesborough. Here my scouts gave notice of the proximity of rebel pickets. The command was halted until the infantry closed up, when we immediately moved forward, the Seventy-second Indiana, Colonel Miller, being in advance, with five companies, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkpatrick, thrown out as an advance guard, and a party of 25 scouts, of the Seventeenth and Seventy-second, as an extreme advance guard. One mile from the creek we came upon the rebel pickets, who opened fire on the advance, which was returned by our men, driving the rebels to a hill thickly covered with cedars, where the rebel reserves were drawn up under cover of the hill, and opened a rapid fire upon our men, who advanced rapidly to the foot of the hill, when Colonel Kirkpatrick deployed one company on

