
also captured and destroyed about 30,000 pounds of flour, sacked up for army use, and about 600 bushels of wheat and corn. After resting our horses we started for Lebanon, at which place we encamped for the night.

On our way from the mill we were closely followed by some 700 of Breckinridge's men; but, taking things coolly, we recaptured and burned three of the wagons taken from our army at the fight at Hartsville; also 7 prisoners and their arms, and 22 horses and 3 mules. Our loss was 2 privates from Company C, captured by being allowed to straggle behind the rear guard by the officer who commanded the same. One of the prisoners captured turned out to be a rebel mail-carrier, only thirty-six hours from Tullahoma, having in his possession valuable information of the movements of the enemy.

On the morning of the 6th, we took up our line of march for our camp, at which place we arrived at 9 o'clock at night, making a march of over 200 miles in four days the men sleeping without tents and subsisting on half-rations.

My thanks are due to the officers and men, without exception, for the cool and determined manner in which they behaved themselves while pursued by a force seven times their number, and more than fifteen miles from our army, and in country where we were all strangers and the enemy were thoroughly posted on the nature of the country.

On our line of march we were warmly greeted by the friends of the Union, and at the town of Alexandria we were treated to a sight of our glorious old flag, which a lady had successfully hidden during the reign of terror under the rebel General Bragg.

We found forage and provisions of all kinds plentiful, and the country well watered and amply able to support an army for its own protection of 15,000 or 20,000.

With great respect, lieutenant, I remain your fellow officer and grateful friend,

JNO. T. DEWEESE,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant [JOHN G.] WEBSTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Cavalry Brigade.

FEBRUARY 4, 1863.-Skirmish near Murfreesborough, Tenn.

Reports of Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,February 4, 1863.

The firing to the front to-day was my foraging party driving rebel cavalry. We got all the forage we wanted. I went out and joined the party, and ordered a brigade out to support it. When we advanced upon them, we would fall back. I tried to get them to follow me, and ambushed a brigade to catch them, but they would not follow. We need cavalry on these expeditions. We had 4 men wounded, 3 badly. One shell carried away the legs of 2 men.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

