
[CHAP. XXXV.

Numbers 21. Reports of Major General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army, commanding Twentieth Army Corps.

MILLERSBURG, TENN.,

June 24, 1863-5.15 p.m. (Received 6.35 p.m.)

GENERAL: We are in the act of driving the enemy from the Liberty Gap. It is a strong place. We will have it in half an hour, I think The Fifth and Fifteenth Arkansas are in the gap. Liddell is back at Bellbuckle. Sheridan writes me at 1 p.m. that Brannan, instead of marching to and by Christiana, has gone to Middleton; for what, I don't know. Bragg is in force at or near Shelbyville. This is my belief. I feel secure on my left flank, and will only watch my right with great care. Sheridan would have been here at 1 p.m., but was waiting for Brannan, as my instructions stated. Sheridan has just come. Brannan at Christiana, and Baird on the pike. We hear artillery toward Middleton; about one gun in fifteen minutes.

I will have complied with my instructions before nightfall. The company is ordered to return to-night.

A. McD. McCOOK.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 24, 1863-9.30 p.m. (Received 11.45 p.m.)

GENERAL: General Johnson's division has driven the enemy for three-quarters of a mile, through the pass. The hills are high on each side. We have captured in all 10 prisoners. Six captured this evening report that the remainder of Liddell's brigade from Bellbuckle came up this evening to the southern mouth of the gap. The ground from here to Bellbuckle is a succession of ridges, high, and the road strikes them perpendicularly; therefore I will have to fight all the way. I will be vigilant and watchful. My troops have done well to-day.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Millersburg, June 25, 1863-8.40 a.m. (Received 9.45 a.m.)

GENERAL: General Johnson's skirmishers are one-half mile beyond the main gap. I have ordered them to halt where they are, and for him to send patrols carefully to the front to gain information, with instructions, in case of capture, to give no information in regard to regiments, force, or command. The rebels can be heard discharging their fire-arms, about 1 1/2 miles to the front and right of General Johnson's skirmishers.

General Brannan has not moved yet to join General Thomas. I have sent him word to obey his original instructions from your headquarters. I consider things in good shape, but believe if I were to go through the gap a general engagement would be inevitable.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD.

