
[CHAP. XXXV.

opposition. Two brigades of Sheridan's division are now marching for Beech Grove, via Hoover's Gap. The other brigade will be retained until I have further information from General Davis. If everything is favorable,the brigade will move on and join the division.

General Sheridan is ordered to reach Beech Grove, if possible. General Johnson's division will be withdrawn from the gap, and march to the Manchester pike to-day. After him, Davis will be withdrawn. One brigade of General Davis will be left in rear with Colonel [T. J. Harrison's regiment of mounted infantry, to observe the gap and this vicinity.

There are my plans, based upon the idea that General Davis will meet with but little opposition, which will carry out the orders received from you about 1 o'clock this a.m.

Johnson's and Davis' brigades moved to the Manchester pike yesterday evening. Sheridan moved at daylight this morning. A dispatch just from General Davis states he found the enemy just where he left them last night. Battery in position. One brigade (rebels) on the right of the road, and another took position on the left of the road. General Davis says a farther advance will be attended with great sacrifice, and he has desisted from a farther advance. I approve his action, and will await further orders from you. Cleburne's division must have come up to the gap. It is not a gap, but a very long canon, about the strongest place I ever saw. I will await further orders from you. The enemy certainly has not gone.

My loss last night proves to be larger than was reported. The exact number I do not know. I am sending all my wounded to Murfreesborough.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD.

[P. S.]-I think the enemy are fighting for Wartrace, thinking we will come that way.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1863-12.30 p.m.

(Received 3 p.m.)

COLONEL: I followed the Winchester road direct to Estill Springs, finding General Davis' division closed in upon General Sheridan's, which is in the road, near the Springs.

General Sheridan reached the river beyond the Springs this morning at 8 o'clock, but found it unfordable, and that the enemy had probably crossed it farther to the left. I followed General Sheridan, who, with his escort, and Colonel Harrison's command, had taken a road leading to the left from the Springs. I have overtaken him at another ford, about 1 1/2 miles above the ford, on the Winchester road. He has found the enemy here, and skirmishing is now going on between Colonel Harrison's men and a small force of their cavalry-Colonel Harrison thinks only four companies.

General Sheridan thinks he will be able to cross here with his infantry, the mounted men being already across.

A deserter taken here says Bragg's force crossed near the railroad bridge from Tullahoma to Chattanooga, and destroyed the bridge behind them, and that Bragg has some works on the opposite side of the

