
river; that the main body of his force is there. We have just heard a few cannon shots, apparently about 1 1/2 or 2 miles to the left. I will notify you soon again.

Very respectfully,

A. C. McCLURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,
-----

--, [1863.]

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, Tenn., July 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twentieth Army Corps, from the 24th of June, 1863, until the present date:

Having received verbal orders and instructions on the night of the 23rd of June from the general commanding to put the Twentieth Corps in motion to co-operate and take part with the other corps of the Army of Cumberland in an attack on the rebel army under General Bragg, posted in force at Shelbyville and Wartrace, the following dispositions were made of the force under my command: Major General P. H. Sheridan's (Third) division was marched at daylight on the morning of the 24th of June on the Shelbyville pike, with instructions to proceed as far as Walnut Grove Church, 9 miles from Murfreesborough, to observe Old Fosterville with one brigade, and to hold his command in this position until the head of General Brannan's division, which was marching by the Middleton road, reached the position at Walnut Grove Church; thence to march his division on the Christiana and Millersburg road to Old Millersburg. Brigadier General R. W. Johnson's (Second) division followed Sheridan's on the Shelbyville pike for 6 miles, where it turned off to the left, marching direct to Old Millersburg. Brigadier General Jeff C. Davis' (First) division followed Johnson's, the corps commander marching at the head of Johnson's column, arriving at Millersburg at 12 m.

Thus far no enemy had been seen. General Johnson was ordered to reconnoiter a canon or a pass in the mountains called Liberty Gap, and advance with his division. Colonel T. J. Harrison, with five companies of his regiment (Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry), had the advance of Johnson's column, and soon encountered the enemy, posted in front of the gap. From 3 rebel soldiers, captured while harvesting near the road leading to the gap, we learned that the Fifth and Fifteenth Arkansas regiments, of Liddell's brigade, were posted and camped in the gap. On approaching the mouth of the gap, it was seen at a glance the immense advantage the enemy would have over our troops in case he was encountered there in force; and appreciating the necessity of securing this stronghold before nightfall, or before the enemy could be re-enforced, General Johnson was ordered to take the gap, which duty was soon performed by his admirable dispositions and the heroic bravery of the troops of his division.

30 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

