
[CHAP. XXXV.

Johnson's division held the gap during the night of the 24th, the enemy having been driven from this gap before dark, although having been re-enforced by the remainder of Liddell's brigade, posted at Bellbuckle. Two brigades of General Davis' division (Carlin's and Post's) were ordered to and posted in a strong position in front of the gap. The other brigade (Heg's) was posted at Millersburg, in charge of the artillery of the division and the wagon train of the corps.

Sheridan's division arrived from Christiana at 5 p.m., and encamped half a mile west of the same place. Three days' rations being taken from supply trains, all transportation was ordered to Manchester pike on the 25th, at 3 p.m., Heg's brigade of Davis division as an escort. Sheridan's division remained in camp on the 25th. On the morning of the 25th, Carlin's and Post's brigades were ordered into the gap to support Johnson's command.

There was nothing of a serious nature occurred this day until 4 p.m., when it was discovered that the enemy had been strongly re-enforced, and General Cleburne's rebel division was posted in front of our troops. At 4 p.m., the enemy made a very spirited attack upon our entire front, the attack being made on the pickets and outposts of Johnson's division. This attack continuing one and a half hours, and some of Johnson's division having exhausted their ammunition, General Carlin's brigade, of Davis' division, was ordered to relieve Johnson's regiments. This brigade advanced gallantly upon the enemy, posted on wooded hills and behind good cover, and drove them, the enemy running back precipitately upon their main lines. Night came on, and my instructions prevented further pursuit and attack. Nothing of interest occurred during the night. On the evening of the 25th. I received orders from the general commanding to make a demonstration in force, to cause the enemy to believe we were endeavoring to force them from their strong position, and that we wished to march through the gap to Bellbuckle. This duty was intrusted to Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis. Carlin's brigade was ordered to make the attack, which was handsomely done. The enemy was met in such force and so strongly posted that General Davis did not persist in this attack. His action was approved by me, as the spirit of the instructions had been carried out. After Carlin's attack ceased, everything was quiet save with the sharpshooters of either army.

Sheridan's division marched from Millersburg to Hoover's Gap on the 26th instant, except Bradley's brigade, which was ordered to follow the baggage wagons of the corps, and, owing to bad roads and the detention caused by the trains, did not arrive there until the morning of the 27th.

On the evening of the 26th, I received orders from the general commanding to hold Liberty Gap during the day and night of the 26th with one division, and then quietly withdraw and march upon Hoover's Gap.

Johnson's division, with the exception of Rose's brigade, was withdrawn on the evening of the 26th, and marched on Hoover's Gap, arriving at the Manchester pike at 10 a.m. Carlin's and Post's brigades, of Davis' division, and Rose's brigade, of Johnson's division, all under command of General Davis, remained in the gap until daylight on the morning of the 27th, when they withdrew and followed Johnson's division to the Manchester pike.

The Twentieth Army Corps was concentrated at Beech Grove at an early hour on the 27th. Three days' rations put in haversacks, it again was ready for service. Sheridan's division was at once ordered to march upon Manchester via Fairfield. The advance, arriving at Fairfield at about 4 p.m., encountered two rebel regiments, one of infantry and one of cavalry. They were promptly charged by the Second Missouri

