
and Forty-second Illinois, of Laiboldt's brigade, and put to an ignominious flight, and their camp and cooking utensils captured.

Sheridan continued upon his march, and encamped 6 miles from Manchester, arriving at that place on the 28th, at 8.30 a.m., when he went into bivouac by order of General Rosecrans. Johnson's and Davis' [divisions], as ordered, marched directly upon Manchester at an early hour on the 28th. The road being bad, and blockaded by General Morton's pontoon train, these divisions did not arrive at Manchester, a distance of 13 miles, until 3 a.m. of the 29th, when they bivouacked, by order of the general commanding. June 29, Sheridan's division marched on the Lynchburg road 7 miles, to Crumpton's Creek, taking position on right of General Brannan's division.

On the 30th, Sheridan remained at Crumpton's Creek, making a reconnaissance toward and within 3 miles of Tullahoma. The enemy was found in force. Johnson's and Davis' divisions remained in bivouac near Manchester.

July 1, Johnson's, and Davis' division were marched toward Tullahoma, by the main Tullahoma and Lynchburg road. Sheridan making a reconnaissance on the 1st of July, discovered that the enemy had evacuated the place. The enemy abandoned three large siege guns and about 1,000 bushels of corn-meal, which was properly cared and accounted for. Four companies of the Thirty-ninth Cavalry, all under Infantry and four companies of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, all under Colonel T. J. Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, were on duty with General Sheridan's advance, and were the first troops to enter Tullahoma. They drove the enemy's cavalry from the place and 6 miles beyond, toward Elk River.

On the evening of July 1, the Twentieth Corps was concentrated at Tullahoma. At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd, Sheridan's division with Harrison's mounted force, marched in pursuit. On arriving at Elk River, near Winchester Springs, the bridges were found to be destroyed. Sheridan marched his division up the stream 3 1/2 miles to the ford at mouth of Rock Creek. The river was very high, current swift, the ford defended by a regiment of rebel cavalry on opposite bank. They were soon dislodged by Sheridan's sharpshooters, a hawser was stretched over the stream, and his command crossed, the water just taking the ammunition chests on the artillery carriages. Davis' division ordered to support Sheridan's encampment on north bank of Elk river on the 2nd of July. Johnson's division remained to garrison Tullahoma, he being placed in command of the town. His division is still there.

At daylight on the morning of the 3rd of July, Sheridan entered Winchester, driving the enemy's cavalry from the town, and pursuing toward Cowan Station, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. His division arrived there at 3 p.m., and went into camp. Davis' division crossed Elk River on the morning of the 3rd, and marched upon Winchester, where it was encamped, the division garrisoning the town, General Davis in command. The headquarters of the Twentieth Corps reached Winchester at 3 p.m. on the 3rd.

On the 3rd of July, Colonel Watkins' command, consisting of the Fifth and Sixth Kentucky, and Third Indiana Cavalry, reported to General Sheridan for duty.

On the morning of the 4th of July, Colonel Watkins was ordered to make a reconnaissance on the University road toward Tracy City. He encountered three regiments of rebel cavalry on the summit of the mountains. After a spirited skirmish, he gallantly drove the enemy

