
The camps of the Fifth and Fifteenth Arkansas Regiments were captured at Liberty Gap, and the camps of two regiments near Fairfield, about 300 tents at Tullahoma, some tents at Elk River, and near the base of the mountains they abandoned nearly all their camp and garrison equipage and mess chests.

The enemy made a precipitate retreat from Tullahoma, and had not the incessant and unprecedented rains prevented, I have no hesitancy in saying that the plans of the general commanding would have resulted in defeating and capturing Bragg's entire army.

Every order and direction given to myself and the officers of this corps during these operations has not only been carried out in spirit, but strictly according to the letter expressed.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 22. Reports of Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

HOOVER'S, June 27, 1863-2.30 p.m.

COLONEL: Your dispatch is just received. I am on the heels of Johnson, and will be up close on his rear. My troops are now resting and taking refreshments. My train is all on the pike in good order; troops ditto. Two very intelligent prisoners, taken this morning, say that Cleburne left this front during the night in great haste. They say they were making for Wartrace, and from what they understood the whole rebel force was falling back on Tullahoma, where Bragg would make a stand. I think this will prove true. I will report to General McCook in person this afternoon.

Yours, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel G. P. THRUSTON, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, Tenn., July 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division since the morning of the 24th of June, at which time, in compliance with instructions from Major-General McCook, commanding the corps, I broke up camp at Murfreesborough, and, following General Johnson's division, moved forward on the Shelbyville pike, 1 mile in advance of Marshall's Ridge, where a small country road was taken, leading to a country village known as Millersburg, at which place the general commanding the corps, upon the arrival of the troops, established his headquarters.

General Johnson's division marched forward in the direction of Liberty Gap, as soon found the enemy, and, after some sharp skirmishing, drove him from his position.

