
[CHAP. XXXV.

By direction of General McCook, the First and Second Brigades of my division, commanded by Colonel P. Sidney Post and Brigadier-General Carlin, respectively, were sent forward to support General Johnson should he require it. Their services were not, however, needed on this occasion, and these brigades bivouacked for the night 2 1/2 miles from Millersburg, on the Liberty Gap road. The Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Hans C. Heg, arrived at Millersburg about dark, in charge of the train, to which it had acted as escort during the day's march.

On the morning of the 25th, this brigade was ordered, with the baggage train of the division, to take position on the Manchester pike, near Hoover's Gap, which it did. In the afternoon of the 25th, the sound of artillery in the direction of Liberty Gap indicated the presence of the enemy in General Johnson's front.

Starting from my headquarters at Millersburg, I at once repaired to the front, and found a part of General Johnson's command hotly engaged with the enemy, and Carlin's and Post's brigades moving up in close supporting distance. I reported to General Johnson, and, after a few moments' consultation with him, it was ascertained that a regiment of our troops on the extreme right was being hard pressed, and I ordered General Carlin to send a regiment from his brigade to its support. The Twenty-first Illinois was promptly ordered forward, commanded by its gallant leader, Colonel Alexander, under General Carlin's personal supervision. At this time General Willich reported a part of his brigade as running short of ammunition, and I immediately ordered the Thirty-eighth Illinois to their support. This gallant regiment, under command of its well-tried and veteran commander, Colonel Gilmer, moved handsomely to the front, and soon engaged the enemy and drove him back, capturing one of his regimental colors. This trophy was gallantly won, and the regiment may well be proud of it. The enemy was now repulsed at all points, and disappeared from the field. General Carlin took position, with his entire brigade, in advance of the contested ground, and was directed by me to establish his picket line. I also directed him, in obedience to instructions from General Johnson, to take charge of the advanced lines during the night. Post's brigade, in compliance with instructions from me, took position on the extreme right, and threw forward a regiment of skirmishers over some commanding hills in that direction. The enemy made no effort to attack us from these points, except by a few skirmishers, who were summarily dislodged by our skirmishers. Post's brigade remained in this position, picketing well to its right and rear during the night. The general commanding arrived in person upon the field about 6 o'clock, and, after examining the position of the troops, gave me instructions to hold Liberty Gap during the night with Carlin's and Post's brigades, and also informed me that General Johnson's division would move in the direction of Beech Grove.

Early on the morning of the 26th, I received a copy of instructions, through General McCook, from department headquarters, directing a demonstration to be made in our front, with a view of leading the enemy to believe that it was our intention to advance upon Shelbyville, through Liberty Gap. General McCook ordered me to make the required demonstration. I immediately sent for General Carlin and Colonel Post, the brigade commanders, and gave the necessary instructions. The advance was assigned to General Carlin, with directions to move cautiously, with a heavy line of skirmishers in advance. Post was directed to move forward in supporting distance. The skir-

