
On the morning of June 27, having ascertained, as directed by General Davis, that there was no enemy in force in front, we countermarched toward Millersburg, and, striking across to the Manchester pike, we bivouacked near Beech Grove, and at midnight, on the 28th, reached Manchester, where we lay until July 1, when this brigade, in advance of the division, marched on the Lynchburg road to Tullahoma, the enemy having evacuated their works at that place.

The following day we pursued the enemy, bivouacking on Elk River; and on the 3rd, fording the swollen streams, we entered Winchester, encamped, and rested from our labors on the hallowed national Sabbath- the Fourth of July.

During the several skirmishers there were but 3 wounded in this brigade.*

We have captured and turned over to the provost-marshal of the division 20 prisoners.

Heavy rains occurred every day during the march; the roads were wretched, and the streams very much swollen. In consequence of the rain, it was impossible for the men to preserve their rations; but notwithstanding they were drenched and hungry, they cheerfully complied with the demands upon their fortitude, only regretting that the elements and the rapid retreat of the foe afforded them so small an opportunity to again prove their spirit and discipline upon the contested field as well as upon the laborious march.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joshua C. Winters, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Winchester, Tenn., July 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers in the recent movements against the enemy:

On the evening of the 23rd of June, I received orders from Colonel Post to have my command in readiness to march on the morning of the 24th, with twelve days' rations.

On the morning of the 24th, in obedience to orders, I moved forward from picket station, on Shelbyville pike, following the Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers. Moving down the pike some 2 miles, I turned to the left, taking the Millersburg dirt road, and moved forward to Millersburg, where, by direction of Colonel Post, I halted about an hour, and then moved forward to within a mile of Liberty Gap, and went into camp for the night.

Early on the morning of the 25th, I moved forward some 2 miles, and halted until 3 p.m., when I moved my command to the front, and took position on the left of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, in a wheat-field, to the right of the dirt road leading from Millersburg to Bellbuckle. By

---------------

*Nominal list omitted, but see revised statement, p. 421.

---------------

