
[CHAP. XXXV.

direction of Colonel Post, I detached one company as skirmishers, and, moving rapidly forward, they soon became engaged with those of the enemy. I remained in position in the wheat-field until dark, when, by direction of Colonel Post, I moved forward and occupied a hill in our front, where I remained during the night.

On the morning of the 26th, in obedience to orders, I moved my command 1 mile to the front, and took position on the right of Millersburg dirt road and on the left of the Seventy-fifth Illinois. I was then ordered to detach one company as skirmishers, and, moving to the front, they soon engaged the skirmishers of the enemy. The skirmishing was kept up without cessation during the day, but without any loss on our side. I remained in position during the day, and following night I relieved the skirmishers of the Twenty-second Indiana and Seventy-fifth Illinois.

Soon after daylight on the morning of the 27th, I received orders from Colonel Post to move my command to the rear. I accordingly drew in my skirmishers, and moved to the rear some 2 miles, where I formed a junction with the balance of the brigade. I then moved forward to Millersburg, and then across to the Manchester pike and down the pike to Beech Grove, where I went into camp for the night. The next day (28th) I moved from Beech Grove to within 1 mile to Manchester, and went into camp on Duck River, where I remained until noon of July 1, and then moved forward to Tullahoma, and went into camp for the night 1 mile from town.

On the 2nd instant, I moved my command to Elk River and camped for the night. The next day moved forward to Winchester and went into camp. The men suffered greatly during the march from exposure to the heavy and almost incessant rains and the want of rations.

J. C. WINTERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.]

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James B. Kerr, Seventy-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Winchester, Tenn., July 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following movements of my regiment from the 24th day of June to the 10th day of July, 1863:

In compliance with orders, I moved my regiment from the station of outpost on Shelbyville pike, 5 miles from Murfreesborough, at 10.30 on the morning of June 24. We marched on the pike 1 mile toward Shelbyville, then turned to the left, and took the Bellbuckle road toward Liberty Gap. Bivouacked 1 1/2 miles beyond Millersburg. The entire regiment was ordered on duty, and picketed a line extending from a point a quarter of a mile northeast from the headquarters of the First Brigade to the road running from Old to New Millersburg, a distance of full 2 miles. Were relieved at 8 o'clock Thursday morning, 25th, and moved to the front, 1 mile beyond Old Liberty Church.

On the morning of the 26th, I moved half a mile farther to the front, formed line of battle, and threw out Company A as skirmishers. Com-

