
[CHAP. XXXV.

which we succeeded in getting the train to Tullahoma by 2 p.m. By order of Colonel Jones, I reported to General Johnson, and received instructions to take charge of Generals Davis' and Sheridan's trains to Winchester. In compliance with further orders, I pushed on with six companies and Davis' train, Major Remington, with four companies, following with Sheridan's. That night I bivouacked 4 miles from Tullahoma.

Friday morning I started at 5.30, building corduroy bridges over the mud-holes, cutting blind roads through the woods, &amp;c. Arrived at Winchester and reported to General Davis at 6 p.m. Two of the companies under Major Remington reported Friday evening; the other two Saturday morning.

It rained every day from the 24th of June to the 10th of July, and the passage of heavy trains from Murfreesborough to the army in front had rendered the roads almost impassable, so taht the duties of my men, performed from the 30th of June to the 10th of July, were very severe. The officers and men of my command are deserving of praise for the patience with which they endured the fatigues of the last expedition, and the alacrity with which they performed all duties devolving upon them.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. KERR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventy-fourth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,July 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers in the recent forward movement:

In compliance with the order of colonel Post, commanding the First Brigade, we left camp on Shelbyville pike, 5 miles south of Murfreesborough, being then on outpost duty, on the morning of the 24th day of June, 1863, and marched in the direction of Shelbyville. We soon left the pike and moved in a southeast direction, arriving at Old Millersburg at 2 p.m. The advance of General Johnson's division soon came upon the enemy, and brisk skirmishing was heard till dark.

At 5 p.m. we moved on 2 miles, and bivouacked at the mouth of Liberty Gap.

The next morning, June 25, the men were aroused and under arms at 3 o'clock. We moved forward 1 1/2 miles to Liberty Hill, and halted till 4 p.m., when firing was heard in front. We were soon in motion, by order of Colonel Post, and formed in line of battle at Liberty Gap. Sent one company forward as skirmishers. In accordance with orders, we were held in reserve till the engagement was ended. At night we went on picket, and remained on that duty till the morning of the 27th, when we countermarched 4 miles and turned in the direction of the Manchester

