
pike. We marched by the enemy's works at Hoover's Gap, and camped at 7 p.m. on the left of the pike near Beech Grove.

The following day this regiment marched in the rear of General Davis' division train and the Fifth Wisconsin Battery. The roads were almost impassable for the wagons, and made our march slow and tedious. Arrived at Duck River, near Manchester, at 1 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, where we remained the next two days.

At 1 p.m., July 1, we marched toward Tullahoma, passed through the town at dark, and bivouacked near the rebels' camp, which they had left in haste but a few hours previous.

July 2, marched to Elk River and rested till morning.

July 3, again ready to move at daylight. We soon came to the stream, which was very swift and about waist deep. The men undressed and forded it. We moved on, waded Boiling Fork, and arrived at this camp, near Winchester, July 3, 1863.

During this march it rained almost constantly. The muddy roads rendered it very tiresome for the men, but no complaints were heard. Only a few were unable to keep their place in the ranks.

Officers and men seemed to be anxious to do their duty as patriot soldiers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel Michael Gooding, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Winchester, Tenn., July 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from colonel commanding brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the late skirmishers and engagements with the enemy:

On the evening of the 23rd of June, while on outpost duty on the Shelbyville pike, 5 miles south of Murfreesborough, I received orders to prepare my command with twelve days' rations, and to move out on the Shelbyville pike on the following morning, which order was promptly complied with.

On the morning of the 24th I marched out in advance of the brigade. It soon began and continued raining all day.

We arrived at the entrance of Liberty Gap at 7 p.m., and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 25th, we again pushed forward, through rain and mud. Arrived at Liberty Church at 12 m., where we halted till 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when I was again ordered forward. Near 1 mile from the church we halted and formed a line of battle, my regiment on the extreme right of the brigade. The left of our division was now hotly engaged with the enemy. Acting under orders, I deployed Company A, Lieutenant Gooding; Company F, Captain Stepleton;

