
FEBRUARY 15, 1863.-Skirmish near Cainsville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Williams S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel James Monroe, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1. Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 22, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, with 200 picked men, killed 20 or 30, and captured 75 stand of arms. We have many spirited cavalry skirmishes every week. They terminate well for us. I think the time will come when we shall be able to cope with their superior numbers. Their numbers, knowledge of the country, and unsparing thieving and conscription have hitherto supplied them with horses. They now propose to mount more infantry on horses to be gotten from Kentucky. The roads are now very bad; almost impossible to move wagons, except on macadamized roads. The rebel position has been given in telegram to General Halleck; report that they have had bad luck with one of their bridges on the Nashville and Chattanooga road beyond the Tennessee. A few more of the same sort will be a serious inconvenience to our Southern brethren, and may disappoint our Butternut finds at home.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel James Monroe, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 123rd REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 17, 1863.

In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I started don Thursday, 12th instant, at 12 m., with 240 men of the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Infantry and 20 of Colonel Stoke's cavalry, under the command of Captain [T.] Waters, on a scout into the country north of the East Fork and between the Lebanon and Sparta pikes. Arrived at 4 p. m. near the river, and encamped. Learning that 160 mounted rebels had passed up the Las Casas pike late in the evening, started at 12 o'clock a night in pursuit. Arrived near Milton at daylight, and found the cavalry had gone on toward Liberty without halting. Divided my command into three parties, and scoured the country, wounding 2 and capturing 5 rebels, and returned to old camp at night. Was fired on near a still-house at the junction of the Las Casas and Cainsville pikes; march, 26 miles. Night dark and stormy; could not move.

Next morning (Saturday) a small party of rebel cavalry crossed the river and fired on General Wood's cavalry pickets. Sent a small party across the river and cut them off, killing 3.

Crossed the river again Sunday morning and moved toward Milton, expecting to be joined by 300 of Second Michigan Cavalry. Learning from

