
[CHAP. XXXV.

march and before the enemy, behaving themselves in a becoming and soldierly manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. CALDWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers.

Captain SAMUEL P. VORIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel Hans C. Heg, Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders, my brigade left camp near Murfreesborough, Tenn., on the morning of the 24th of June, 1863, with three days' rations in haversacks, and nine days' rations in wagons, and proceeded on the Shelbyville pike, acting as guard to the baggage train. Reached Millersburg at night.

June 25, took charge of the baggage train of the corps, and proceeded toward the Manchester pike. The Twenty-fifth Illinois and Fifteenth Wisconsin, with the battery, bivouacked near Hoover's Gap, the Eighth Kansas and Thirty-fifth Illinois remaining in rear of the train, at Millersburg.

June 26, reached Manchester pike, near Hoover's Gap, with the entire brigade, and bivouacked near the train.

June 27, left camp at 2 p.m., and proceeded to Beech Grove.

June 28, marched from Beech Grove to Manchester, where I arrived at midnight.

June 29 and 30, the brigade remained in camp near Manchester.

July 1, moved at 2 p.m. toward Tullahoma, at which place I arrived at midnight.

July 2, proceeded at 5 a.m. on the Winchester road. Bivouacked at night near the ford of Elk River, a short distance below the railroad.

July 3, forded Elk River, and marched to Winchester. Went into camp at 3 p.m.

The march has been one of unusual hardship and fatigue, on account of the almost constant rain and muddy roads.

I have no casualties to report, and but 1 man missing-John Tennis- drummer of Company E, Thirty-fifth Illinois, left with the train at Manchester, and not heard from since.

I have captured 16 prisoners, with a part of their arms and accouterments. The prisoners have been turned over to the provost-marshal of the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HANS C. HEG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

