
Numbers 31. Report of Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Division, Twentieth Corps, from June 24, the day upon which it marched from Murfreesborough, up to July 1, 1863, the date of the occupation of this place:

On the 23rd ultimo, I received an order from the major-general commanding the Twentieth Corps to hold my division in readiness to move on the following day at 5 a.m., with twelve days' rations, and at least six days' forage, with as much more short forage as could be conveniently transported in the wagons. These arrangements were made. I marched with about ten days' forage.

Some delay on the part of the troops which were to precede me delayed my movements until about 8 a.m., when I marched on the Shelbyville pike, in the numerical order of my brigade, preceded by five companies of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Mounted Infantry, commanded by Colonel T. J. Harrison. After following the pike about 6 miles, I turned to the left, in the direction of Liberty Gap, via Old Millersburg, a dilapidated and abandoned town.

No enemy was seen until after the command had passed Millersburg, when Colonel Harrison became warmly engaged with the rebel advance. He at once communicated with me. The ground being rough and unfavorable for the operations of cavalry, I directed him to halt until the arrival of my First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General A. Willich. On the arrival of this brigade, General Willich saw at a glance the position, and made the following admirable disposition: The Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers were deployed on the right of the road; the Forty-ninth Ohio on the left; skirmishers, with support companies, in front, and the Thirty-second Indiana and the Eighty-ninth Illinois, with Godspeed's battery, in reserve. In this order the brigade moved forward, the enemy's skirmishers falling back on their reserves, posted on the crest of the hills forming the northern entrance to Liberty Gap. This is a very strong position, easily defended by a small force against a very large one.

General Willich felt the enemy, and found that it was his intention to make a stubborn defense. He directed the Fifteenth and Forty-ninth Ohio to deploy well to the right and left, and try and ascertain the localities of the flank of the enemy. Their commander reported that they were still flanked. The Thirty-ninth Indiana was ordered to the right, and the Thirty-second Indiana to the left. The Forty-ninth Ohio and a part of the Thirty-second Indiana advanced up the side of a steep hill under a heavy fire, driving the enemy before them, taking possession of one encampment, with tables set. Here I placed at the disposal of General Willich a portion of the Second Brigade, Colonel Miller commanding, who sent the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Twenty-ninth Indiana to the right of the Fifteenth Ohio, then to change direction to the left, sweeping the hillside on which the rebels were posted. This movement was handsomely executed. As soon as the change to the left had been made, General Willich ordered his entire line forward. Under his own eye and management, the rebels were driven at every

