
[CHAP. XXXV.

point their camps and camp equipages falling into our hands, and Liberty Gap was in our possession. As night was fast approaching, I ordered General Willich to halt, and ordered up the Third Brigade, under Colonel P. P. Baldwin. It was necessary to clear the hills in our front and establish a picket line. I gave Colonel Baldwin his instructions, leaving the details of its execution to him. He placed the Louisville Legion (Fifth Kentucky) on the right, the Sixth Indiana on the left of the road, and the First Ohio and Ninety-third Ohio were held in reserve. Skirmishers were thrown forward, and soon became engaged, but the rebels were forced back. It was a pleasing sight to witness the promptness with which these regiments advanced.

This brigade was on picket during the night. Colonel Miller was ordered to picket the flanks with two regiments. I established my headquarters a short distance in advance of the reserve brigade. All was quiet during the night.

Early on the following morning, General Carlin reported to me with two brigades of General Davis' division, the latter officer being confined to a sick bed; but soon after, the roar of artillery and musketry brought him to the front, when he assumed the general management of his division. I received orders, frequently verbal, from the major-general commanding the corps, to keep up the appearance of a heavy advance, but not to go beyond the gap. About 8 a.m., I directed General Willich to relieve the advance pickets with his brigade, and soon after the rebel pickets began to appear and shots to be exchanged with our lines. Colonel Harrison, with his mounted regiment, was sent out to ascertain the movements and intention of the enemy. His expedition was entirely satisfactory. From 8 a.m. until about 5 p.m. the firing was kept up, sometimes quite heavy. At that hour General Willich sent me word that the enemy was advancing in force.* I immediately ordered up the troops in reserve. Willich's brigade again received the shock, but in splendid style was the enemy driven back over an open field. The ammunition being nearly exhausted, I ordered Colonel Miller to relieve General Willich. He moved his brigade forward in handsome style, but was soon seriously wounded while gallantly leading his men forward. Colonel Rose at once took command of the brigade, and, placing himself in the front, gave the command, "Forward!" The gallant Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventy-ninth Illinois, supported by the Thirty-fourth Illinois, charged over an open field and up a steep hill, driving the rebels before them. These fine regiments lost heavily.

Colonel Rose held this hill until relieved by General Carlin and his fine brigade. While Colonel Rose was engaged with three of his regiments, the other two (Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Indiana) were guarding his flank. General Carlin drove them over an open field on the opposite side of the hill. The handsome manner in which this brigade moved to the front, the gallantry and daring of the officers and men, was certainly a beautiful sight to behold. General Carlin was left in charge of the front line, while my forces were assigned a strong position in readiness for any emergency. Not a shot was fired during the night.

On the 26th, General Carlin again encountered the enemy's advance. A report of his operations will be made by him.

On the night of the 27th, I was ordered to fall back to Millersburg with my division, which was done.

On the 28th, I marched to Beech Grove.

---------------

*See Johnson to Thruston, July 9, 1863, p. 485.

---------------

