
On the 29th, to Manchester, where I remained one day.

On the 1st of July entered this place.

With the courage and endurance of the division I am highly pleased, and hope that its operations have been satisfactory to the corps and department commanders. By the admirable disposition of our forces, we have gained all the fruits of a glorious victory with little loss. At every point the enemy has been surprised, and in his irregular flight he has abandoned guns, camp and garrison equipage in great quantities. Demoralized and beaten, he has fallen back beyond the Tennessee River. Middle Tennessee is freed from the marauding hordes by which it has been overrun, and the Stars and Stripes now wave over it. All this has been accomplished with little loss. Every officer and soldier in the division behaved well. Reference is respectfully made to brigade, regiment, and battery reports.

To my brigade commanders, General Willich, Colonel Miller, Colonel Baldwin, and Colonel Rose, I am indebted for their gallant and valuable services and suggestions. To each officer and soldier in the division I am indebted for their good and gallant conduct under trying circumstances. No troops ever endured more and complained less. The affair at Liberty Gap will always be considered a skirmish, but few skirmishes ever equaled it in severity. A complete list of the killed and wounded is herewith appended.* The loss of the enemy could not be ascertained. About 75 dead were left on the ground and 57 prisoners captured. From rebel sources it has been ascertained that their loss was very heavy. I cannot close this report without giving my thanks to the medical director, Dr. [R. W.] Thrift, and to the medical officers of the division; for their faithful and untiring labors. For the faithful performance of duty, my thanks are due to Captains Howell, Bartlett, Wells, Bowles, and McLeland, Lieutenants Taft, Smith, Sheets, Kessler, and Davis, all of whom were with me throughout the engagement. I fully indorse all the recommendations of regimental and brigade commanders.

The gallant Captain Simonson handled the artillery well, and deserves high praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Twentieth Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Tullahoma, July 9, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel THRUSTON,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Will you do me the favor to make the following change in my official report: For the expression, "General Willich sent me word that the enemy was advancing in force,"substitute" General Willich sent me word that the fight was growing serious." By so doing you will greatly oblige, yours,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 422.

---------------

