
[CHAP. XXXV.

munition taken from the wounded and killed, enabled these three regiments to resist the repeated desperate efforts of the enemy. At this time the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers advanced. I sent a report to General Johnson that the fight was becoming serious, and ordered Colonel Gibson, with the Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, forward as reserve behind the center of my lines, and planted the battery of Captain Goodspeed on a hill about 100 feet high, and somewhat to the rear of our lines, from where it opened fire against the enemy's batteries and some buildings occupied by the enemy's infantry. The battery being compelled to fire over our lines, I cautioned the officers to take sufficient elevation; and though the skill of our present artillery officers (among them Captain Simonson, chief of artillery, of the Second Division) is generally known and acknowledged, some of the shells fell into our own lines. This deficiency is not the fault of the officers, or of the men, or of the splendid pieces we were supplied with, but has its cause in the Ordnance Department, which does not make it impossible that a neglect in the fabrication of the cartridge still exists, which had already been discovered at the beginning of the war, but appears not, as yet, to be corrected. The powder used for the cartridges is of different quality, so much so that the best officers, with the most superior arms, and served by the most skillful men, can never become certain of the exact range of their guns. Notwithstanding this, the battery rendered efficient service.

Between 5 and 6 p.m. the three regiments engaged had again nearly exhausted their ammunition. I ordered the Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers to charge. The battle-field now presented a view not many are favored to witness. The Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers advanced in splendid style, through the open woods, received with cheers by the rest of the brigade. The men of these regiments who had a few rounds left, and even many that had none, advanced bravely with the Forty-ninth Ohio. When coming under the enemy's fire, Colonel Gibson gave the order, "Advance, firing." The regiment formed in four ranks. The first rank delivered a volley, then the fourth, third, and second in succession took the front and delivered their fire, but already to the third volley the enemy did not answer. He had precipitately left his position. The Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers took position at a fence, inclosing an open field. I judged it useless to charge over the open ground, exposed to the enemy's canister, and unable to follow him as quick as he ran. At this moment Colonel Miller came up with his brigade. I rallied my regiments, and had their cartridge-boxes replenished.

Brigadier-General Johnson, who during the progress of the fight was always present in front, had ordered two pieces of the Twentieth Ohio Battery to a position to the right and front of my battery, which, under the direction of Captain Grosskopff, did very good execution. Considering it possible that the enemy might bring up new troops and attack our left flank, I asked General Johnson to order the battery of Captain Simonson to the position occupied by the battery of Captain Goodspeed, which was done, and from this position the twelve pieces could command the front and left flank and rear. I also formed my brigade in double columns to the center, behind this hill. Our loss on this day was as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 1; enlisted men killed, 11; wounded, 38. The loss of the enemy must have been three of four times as heavy as our own.

On the Second day, the advancing enemy was exposed to the fire of our well-sheltered men. The fire was often given at from 30 to 50 yards, and our men fired coolly and deliberately.

