
Union men and negroes that Morgan was at Cainsville with 3,00 men, and that 250 men, under Captain Buchanan, were posted on the Las Casas pike near Milton, I moved to the junction of the pikes and halted. I secreted the infantry and sent the cavalry forward to burn a couple of still-horses and endeavor to provoke an attack. Remained in this position until 1 p. m., when the expected cavalry force not arriving, I countermarched the command, moved down the Jefferson pike 2 miles, and turned dot the right, following a chacing of hills in the direction of Cainsville, and found large quantities of forage secreted in the valley. A short time after leaving the pike I became satisfied we were followed, and, having arrived within 2 1/2 miles of Cainsville, I left the road and moved tot he right, around, and finally to the top of, Pierce's Hill, sending out into the valley a few mounted men as decoys. In a few minutes they were fired upon by a cavalry force under Colonel [Adam R.] Johnson, variously estimated at from 300 to 500. Our men retread, and were closely followed by the rebels. When they arrived within 60 yards, we opened upon them,a nd drove them at once down the hill nd into a narrow, muddy lane, where, for ten minutes, we poured a fire into their flanks, cutting them up terribly. Muskets, shot-guns, and carbines, saddles, blankets, and loose horses were everywhere, and the survivors, panic-stricke, spurred over the hills in the direction of Cainsville. Many of them wore our overcoats, and some of them were completely clothed in our uniform.

Their loss in killed and wounded must have been at least 50, and, I think, much greater, but the necessity of an immediate retreat prevented a thorough examination of the field. I saw several dead, and all were left without stripping the bodies or emptying the pockets.

After breaking at least one hundred carbines, and picking up a few horses and mules, we moved at once toward camp, crossing the river between the two pikes at a very deep ford.

Our loss is nothing. Three men slightly wounded, but non seriously hurt or unfitted for duty. We have as results 6 prisoners, 22 horses, 5 mules, 17 saddles and bridles, 10 carbines, and 5 muskets.

Captain Waters and his men deserve great praise for their conduct under fire, and I could not have been successful without their assistance.

Dr. [P. P.] Whitesell, of the One hundred and first Indiana, who kindly accompanied me, forgot himself in the melle, and was found, at the close of the fight, at the head of the column, musket in hand. Came into camp Monday morning.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES MONROE,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

FEBRUARY 15, 1863.-Skirmish near Nolensville, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General James b. Steedman, U. s. Army, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

CONCORD CHURCH, February 15, 1863.

COLONEL: A forage train of 10 wagons from my command, with escort of two companies of infantry, and while 4 of the wagons, guarded

4 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

