
[CHAP. XXXV.

I cannot conclude my report without acknowledging the debt which, in my opinion, the military service owes to Colonel Gibson, commanding Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, of my brigade. Not only has he distinguished himself in this battle, as in all the other battles of the Army of the Cumberland during two years' war, by the superior skill with which he commanded his regiment, raised and conducted by himself, but during my imprisonment-from the battle of Stone's River up to the 26th of April-he commanded the brigade, and has been acknowledged by all his higher commanders and by his subordinates as a superior brigade commander. I would most respectfully recommend Colonel William H. Gibson to the commanding general and the Government for a promotion, which the voice of the soldiers and officers have claimed for him already for some time.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. WILLICH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain R. S. HOWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 33. Report of Colonel Charles T. Hotchkiss, Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Manchester, Tenn., June 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of this brigade from the date of leaving Murfreesborough (June 24, 1863) up to the present time,and, properly, more particularly of the engagements on the 24th and 25th instant, which resulted in the enemy being driven from his naturally very strong position at Liberty Gap, and our establishing and holding a position of our own selection at that point, though stubbornly opposed by a much larger force than ours.

On our arrival at the entrance to Liberty Gap, about 2 p.m. of the 24th instant, this regiment was ordered to support the Fifteenth Ohio, which was then deployed as skirmishers on the right of the main road, and rapidly took position about one-fourth of a mile from----house, in line of battle, there remaining in reserve until the Fifteenth Ohio had advanced to the crest of the hill in my immediate front. Soon after, in obedience to orders, I advanced my regiment in line of battle to the hill's crest, where I deployed my skirmishers to relieve the Fifteenth Ohio, in the advance. Meantime, the enemy having fallen back, and the Fifteenth closing upon his retreat, in obedience to orders my skirmishers were called in, and I moved by the left flank to and along the main road to Liberty Meeting-House, where, upon this brigade being relieved by the Third Brigade, Colonel Baldwin commanding, we went into bivouac. The only casualty in this regiment during this day was Corpl. Henry. H. Warner, Company C, wounded in the leg and arm severely.

On the morning of the 25th, I was ordered on picket on the right of the main road, near Mr. Field's house, relieving the Fifth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Berry, the right of my line resting on the crest of one hill, connecting with the pickets of the Thirtieth Indiana Infantry,

