
and extending along said hill, thence crossing a wheat-field, and to and along the crest of an adjoining hill, near the main road, and connecting with the pickets of the Thirty-second Indiana, on my left. The front of this position was open wheat and corn fields of from 500 to 2,000 yards in width. About 10 a.m. the enemy's cavalry and infantry appeared of considerable force at different points on my front, more particularly on the midway slope of an open wooded hill, opposite my right, and commenced firing along range upon my sentinels. About 12 m. a strong line of the enemy's skirmishes appeared upon my left and engaged the line occupied by the Thirty-second Indiana and three of my companies-Company C, Captain Rowell; Company A, Lieutenant George F. Robinson, temporarily commanding, and Company G, Captain Thomas Whiting-in the front, with Company K, Captain H. M. Blake; Company E, Captain B. H. Kidder; Company D, Captain J. W. Spink, and Company F., Lieutenant L. F. Dimick, in reserve. After briskly engaging our lines for about half an hour, his skirmishers were repulsed with a considerable loss, and retired to the cover of a ditch, which was masked by a willow copse.

In a few minutes his repulsed skirmish line, now re-enforced with supporting companies and reserves, and they in turn by a heavy column of infantry, again rapidly advanced, with yells, giving to and receiving a heavy fire from our men, and although his advance was checked at every step by a continuous fire, the enemy temporarily secured a lodgment at the foot of the hill on which was our position. At this time Company K, Captain Blake; Company D, Captain Spink, and Company F, Lieutenant Dimick, were sent to support Captain Rowell, in holding the line (immediate right of the Thirty-second Indiana) occupied by his entire company deployed as skirmishers, and became at once heavily engaged with a confident and largely superior force, the enemy advancing within 20 yards of our position, but failing to press back our determined men. About 3 p.m., after re-enforcing his line, the enemy with a yell again attempted to advance, but, from behind each tree, stump, log, and fence, the rapid fire and almost unerring aim of my men sent him back down the hill, to again advance, with a like result. At this time Company E, Captain B. H. Kidder, being ordered to the front, discovered about two companies of the enemy's infantry advancing across the field toward the right of this position, and at once passed his company, under the cover of the hill, about 200 yards in the advance of our line and to the right of that portion engaged, and, taking position by a fence, he held his fire until they advanced within 60 yards of his position and across the ditch before referred to, when he gave them a volley which killed 7 men and 1 field officer. The enemy immediately broke and ran, and did not stop until they had reached the woods on the opposite side of the open field. Captain Kidder gave them a second volley, but they having reached the opposite side of the willow copse, the result was not seen or ascertained. About 3.30 p.m. our ammunition getting low, notice of the fact was sent to General Willich, when I was informed I would be relieved immediately by a regiment from General Carlin's brigade, of General Davis' division, and to retire my regiment, and form at a point designated. In about three-quarters of an hour the Twenty-first Illinois Infantry came up to relieve me, when I ordered my companies to retreat, which had now advanced to near the foot of the hill. As soon as my men commenced retreating, the enemy again advanced, when my men, with only from two to four rounds of cartridges, turned and made a dash at them, driving them out of the woods and across the fields on a double-quick.

All the officers and men engaged behaved like veterans, the officers

