
[CHAP. XXXV.

acting with deliberation and using good judgment in their duties; the men steady, taking good aim, and shooting with good effect.

Captain Herbert M. Blake, while gallantly performing his duties, fell, mortally wounded by a musket ball through the abdomen, and died the following morning. In his death the service loses a gallant and excellent officer and society a Christian and accomplished gentleman. Captain Henry L. Rowell was conspicuous for his coolness and the good judgment with which he comprehended his position and its defense, and handled his men under fire. His conduct stamps him as a brave and valuable officer. Captain Bruce H. Kidder is deserving of great credit for his good judgment in advancing his company and the handsome manner in which he delivered his fire. Captain Thomas Whiting in his position had a fine opportunity to pour in a flanking fire, which he used with great advantage. Captain J. W. Spink, Lieutenant L. F. Dimick, and Lieutenant George F. Robinson, commanding companies, exhibited coolness and good judgment in handling their men under fire. Lieutenant Colonel D. J. Hall, in the immediate charge of that portion of the line heavily engaged, performed his duties in a gallant and handsome manner, regardless of his personal safety. He was constantly on the alert, sending in his reserves at the right point and at the right time, and largely contributed to our success in holding that portion of the line from the onset to the final repulse of the enemy, without support from any other regiment. Major William D. Williams, in charge of the right, which was only engaged at long range, was constantly vigilant, and fully comprehended his position and its defense, and he had the opportunity would doubtless have enlarged the reputation for gallantry which he conspicuously won on the battle-field of Stone's River. Adjt. Ed. F. Bishop rendered me efficient aid, and by his personal bearing under all circumstances won an additional claim to the appellation of a gallant young officer. Chaplain T. O. Spencer was invariably at just the right spot to be useful, and was unremitting in his efforts in removing the wounded from the field and caring for them. Surg. H. B. Tuttle I would particularly commend for his untiring industry and efficiency in all the duties incident to his department, promptly and carefully providing for the wounded under his charge, ably assisted by Dr. P. R. Thombs, assistant surgeon. Sergt. George G. Sinclair, Company C, conspicuous for gallantry, while in advance of the line fell, severely wounded by a musket ball through the chest, and refused to be carried from the field or even from under fire, saying, "Let me alone, and hold that fence," and then cheered the men on.

The following are the casualties during the period specified.*

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CARL SCHMITT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Major Jacob Glass, Thirty-second Indiana Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MANCHESTER, June 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you about the engagements my regiment had with the enemy.

I left Camp Drake with my regiment at about 7 a.m., June 24, 1863,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 422.

---------------

