
with the rest of the brigade, taking the road leading toward Liberty Gap. On the arrival of the brigade in the gap, about 2 p.m., I was ordered to send Companies A and B, of my regiment, out as skirmishers, to lengthen the lines of the Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and to connect with the left wing of the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which I did, and sent Captain W. G. Mank, of Company A, to take command of those two companies. Those two companies were advancing on the enemy in double-quick time, driving the rebels before them, and took possession of the first steep hill, before occupied by the enemy. Both parties kept up a lively fire until Companies A and B were out of ammunition, at about 4 p.m., when I sent Companies G, H, I, and K to the front, to relieve the former. Those four companies, G, H, I, and K, deployed in strong skirmish line, and rapidly advanced toward the enemy, who were falling back, leaving their camp equipage behind. The rest of the regiment was lying in reserve, in the center of the brigade.

The loss of the regiment, in killed and wounded, was as follows on the 24th day of June: Company A, 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded; Company B, 1 enlisted man killed and 3 wounded.

At nightfall I was ordered to rally my regiment and march into camp. Next morning, on the 25th day of June, at 6.30 a.m., I relieved the Sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers on picket. From about 9 a.m. my whole line of pickets was annoyed by rebel sharpshooters, to which I paid but little attention until about 2 p.m., when the fire of the enemy became stronger on the right wing, occupied by Companies I and K, and the center, occupied by Companies F, G, and H, of the regiment. I doubled my line. At about 3 p.m. the enemy made a charge on the right wing of my command, but was checked by Companies I and K, and I ordered them to advance toward the enemy in a left wheel, which they executed gallantly, by which movement the enemy was compelled to fall back, as those two companies brought their fire right on the left flank of the enemy, which was covered by a house, from which position my center had to suffer a great deal. During that time the whole of my regiment was engaged until about 6 p.m., when some companies of my regiment were out of ammunition, and at which time the Fifteenth Regiment came up to relieve my regiment. I came out with my regiment with a loss as follows, on the 25th of June, 1863; Company A, 1 enlisted man wounded; Company G, 1 enlisted man wounded; Company I, 3 enlisted men killed and 7 wounded, and Company K, 2 enlisted men killed and 2 wounded.

It would be wrong for me to mention any man for his bravery, as all the officers and men behaved themselves very gallantly, and every one has done his duty as a soldier.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB GLASS,

Major, Commanding Thirty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Brigadier General A. WILLICH, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 35. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Askew, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Near Manchester, June 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fifteenth Ohio Regiment in the affairs of the 24th and 25th instant at Liberty Gap.

When we arrived in the vicinity of the gap, on the morning of the 24th

