
right of our line, Companies A, F, D, and H, which were in the woods on the top of the hill, together with that part of the Thirty-second Indiana and Eighty-ninth Illinois which were on picket duty there, encountered a very spirited attack of the enemy, who, I have no doubt, designed to drive us from the summit of the hill, which in their possession would have made our whole line untenable, and compelled us to fall back. They were gallantly met and repulsed, and driven from the hill across the valley to the hill beyond. Company F suffered severely in this, losing 2 men killed and 8 wounded; Company A, 1 man killed and 1 wounded. We held this position after the Thirty-second Indiana and but one company (Captain Kidder) of the Eighty-ninth Illinois had been relieved and withdrawn to replenish their cartridge-boxes. This part of our line was not relieved when the rest was, and I deemed the position so important that I did not withdraw those four companies until after nightfall, and after I had informed an officer of one of General Davis' regiments, which had relieved the Eighty-ninth Illinois, still farther on our right, of the importance of the position; that we were out of ammunition, and that the rest of the brigade had been relieved, and moved off. We then quietly withdrew and joined the brigade.

I have but to add that the conduct of officers and men was gallant and soldierly, and I think the general may flatter himself that his unwearied exertions in drilling and disciplining his brigade were on these days to some extent rewarded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ASKEW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 36. Report of Colonel William H. Gibson, Forty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Manchester, Tenn., June 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Leaving camp on the morning of the 24th, we moved out on the Shelbyville turnpike to Alexandria, 6 miles, when we turned to the southeast, and at 1.45 p.m. found ourselves in presence of the enemy, at Liberty Gap, 12 miles from Murfreesborough. We followed the Fifteenth Ohio, which held the advance of the column, with our right resting on the road. We formed line, facing south, in the margin of the woods. In front was a cleared valley running east and west, and not exceeding 150 yards wide. The road crossed this valley, and followed another running south, of equal width. On each side of the road the hills rose to the height of 350 feet. The timber was cleared from the valleys, and up the hill-slopes one-half of the distance. I covered my front with skirmishers, Captain Chance, Company A, holding the right, Captain McCormack, Company B. holding the left, while Captain Strong, Company G, and Lieutenant Redmond, Company F, advanced as reserves. The line covered the open ground, and extended beyond the woods, right and left. Our advance was resisted by a brisk fire from the enemy, concealed behind fences, in ravines, and behind rocks and trees on the hill-slopes. Under orders from the general command-

