
in four ranks as promptly as if on drill, and opened a terrific fire, advancing rapidly through the woods to the low fence, the right wheeling round into position. The enemy was driven from his concealment and compelled to retreat before our fire, which was delivered with a regularity and rapidity that no veterans could withstand. Withdrawing by his left flank, under cover of the buildings, the enemy rallied on the wooded hill beyond the corn-field. Having thus driven back the enemy, we remained in position at the fence until the arrival of Miller's brigade, which relieved us, and we retired from the field, harassed only by the enemy's artillery. Goodspeed's battery, by its effective fire from a hill in our rear, protected us from the enemy's battery. As all our maneuvers and performances occurred under the immediate eye of the general commanding brigade, as well as the general commanding division, I cheerfully submit our conduct to their judgment and criticism. I refer to list of casualties, and beg leave to offer merited tribute to the memory of our heroic dead. In Captain Hiram Chance the service has lost a most gallant and accomplished officer. He was a young man of culture, free from every vice; a citizen loved for his virtues, and a soldier whose heroism and skill had been tested on a bloody field. He was promoted for heroism at Stone's River, and assigned to the command of Company A, as a recognition of his worth and attainments as an officer. He died as he had lived, a mortal and Christian hero, and his last words were, "Oh, my mother! Oh, my country! How I love thee!" Corpl. Philip Grub lived and died as a patriot, devoted to every duty, and his last words, addressed to a companion as the life-blood was streaming from his veins, were the inquiry," Have I not always done my duty?" Both fell just as the shout of victory was ready to burst from our heroic ranks John P. Cost, of Company, was a superior youth, having left college to fight the battles of constitutional liberty. Enos H. Goodman was a brave and faithful soldier, whilst Corporal [Edwin L.] Hudson was admired for his manly courage and quiet energy.

In the conflict of each day ever officer and man performed his duty. There was no hesitation; no mistakes; no lack of energy, and, of course, no failure, but an enthusiasm execution of every order. The regiment has earned fresh renown. I am under special obligations to Major S. F. Gray and Adjt. Charles A. Norton, for the skill and gallantry with which they carried the hill on the 24th, and to Captain Patterson for valuable aid on the field. Surgeon Parks and Hospital Steward [John M.] Corey were present with a well-organized corps of attendants, and our wounded received prompt attention. I cannot speak in terms too complimentary of Second Assistant Surgeon Lung, who was alike active on the field and faithful in the hospital.

I congratulate myself upon having secured the services of Chaplain Phillips, who, by his eminent ability and liberality as a minister, adds a commendable skill in medicine and surgery. He labored night and day with the wounded, until all were cared for and sent to Murfreesborough.

And I must congratulate the general commanding brigade upon the steady courage and fine discipline exhibited by his command at the battle of Liberty Gap.

I am, most respectfully,

W. H. GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

32 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

