
by 13 privated, under command of a sergeant, were being loaded, 1 1/2 miles from Nolensville, were attacked by 150 rebel cavalry. The sergeant immediately forme his men, took shelter in a cabin close to the wagons, and repulsed them, wounding 5 (3 of whom I have prisoners), killing 4 horse, capturing 3 horses, 7 saddles, and 3 guns. Two of our men were slightly wounded. I started the First East Tennessee Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Brownslow, in pursuit, ordering four companies toward the railroad. I learn, reliably, that Van Dorn, with a large body of cavalry, was at Chapel Hill last night, extending his advance to College Grove. I will watch him.

Very respectfully,

[JAMES B. STEEDMAN,]

Brigadier-General, Third Division.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

COLONEL: Operator at La Vergne says no name was signed to above; simply "brigadier-general."

P. M., Operator.

FEBRUARY 18-MARCH 5, 1863.-Operations in Central Kentucky, including skirmishes (February 22) at Coombs' Ferry, (February 24) at Stoner Bridge, and (March 2) at Slate Creek, near Mount Sterling.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Benjamin P. Runkle, Forty-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2.-Major John M. Brown, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Major Augustus Norton, Seventh Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain Emanuel Kauffman, One hundredth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Benjamin P. Runkle, Forty-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., February 26, 1863.

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. The rebels had a heavy guard out here, and made a show of fighting; but when we fired on them they rang the bells in town and all went out in huddle. They galloped 9 miles on the pike, with the Tenth Kentucky on their heels. They then took to terrible mud road through the jack-oak country. Our horses gave out, and we could go no farther. We captured 100 horses and mules. Rebels burned their wagons and threw away everything they had stolen.

We heard heavy firing yesterday below, in direction of Jeffersonville. Suppose Miner has cut them off, which I ordered him to do.

I have just learned that they came back yesterday as near as 13 miles, and stopped. They said when here that Pegram was coming to re-enforce them.

I am out of rations, and must come toward Lexington for them. I will leave here, going toward Winchester, as soon as I determine that they have gone out of the country. If Miner is behind the, I will capture them, and will remain here until I find out about the matter.

