
[CHAP. XXXV.

slope, and their line of reserve at the summit. These lines, thus situated, brought their whole fire to bear upon us; besides, we were exposed to a terrific fire of artillery from our right.

I here lost every fifth man of my command; but the bravery of these gallant men was not shaken in the least; there was not a single skulker or straggler. At the opposite side of the plain was a creek running at the base of the hills, on the nearest bank of which was a fence, where my line halted, keeping up a terrific fire on the enemy, causing their first and second lines to break toward the top of the hill like a flock of sheep but we were still exposed to a terrific fire from their third line, and the exhausted state of the men, caused from double-quicking through the mud, seemed to preclude the possibility of advancing my line any farther; but springing forward myself, wading the stream and waving them on, acted like a charm, and on came my line with a yell, dashing through the creek, gaining the base of the hill, where we were tolerably secure from the fire of the enemy, while our fire told upon them with admirable effect. The rebels were for a long time determined to hold their ground and drive us back. They made two dashes at us, but we drove them back. My ammunition was becoming rapidly exhausted, and I sent for re-enforcements.

Shortly after this, I notified by Lieutenant Baldwin that I was in command of the brigade, and I immediately sent an order for another regiment to come up to our support, and at the same time a request to the general to send me as many re-enforcements as he saw fit, as my men now were entirely out of ammunition.

The Thirty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, of my brigade, came up in gallant style, and suffered very heavily from the enemy's fire. At the same time the Thirty-eighth Indiana, of General Davis' division, which also suffered severely in crossing the plain, came up.

The firing of the enemy at this time ceased, except a few straggling shots, as their lines had been broke for some time, and they retreated rapidly over the hills toward Bellbuckle.

I received orders to advance no farther, and we encamped for the night on the battle-field, in the ravine.

My regiment lost in this day's battle 1 lieutenant and 3 enlisted men killed and 2 captains and 32 enlisted men wounded. The loss we inflicted upon the enemy was, without exaggeration, double that of our own. I counted 9 of the rebels lying within a very few feet of each other in one spot, killed by musketry, and I have no doubt that they had the usual proportion of wounded, but they were carried off. This the enemy could easily do, as their position placed their rear out of reach of our fire.

Our officers and men behaved with the greatest gallantry. Lieutenant-Colonel Pyfer, who took command of the regiment when I assumed command of the brigade, behaved throughout with the greatest coolness. Major Phillips also performed his duty with great efficiency and gallantry. Captains Walker, of Company A; Kreps, who was wounded, of Company B; Lawson, of Company C; Frey, of Company D; Will. A. Robinson, of Company E; McDowell, of Company F; Stern, of Company G, and Shroad, of Company K, were all in their places, and behaved with their usual bravery. And when every captain in a regiment is in his place, doing his duty, there cannot be, as there was not in this case, any skulking or straggling among the enlisted men.

We lost a valuable officer in Lieutenant Thomas, of Company G, who was killed while nobly doing his duty. Such is often the fate of the brave.

The enlisted men of my regiment fought valiantly, and with 20 rounds

