
more ammunition we would have needed no re-enforcements to have given the enemy a terrible rout.

I must not forget to mention Surg. Franklin Irish, whose services, in his indefatigable attention to our wounded, were invaluable. Also of our assistant surgeon, Dr. McCandless, whose services were performed with faithfulness and energy.

I have confined this report strictly to the operations of my own regiment, as the most of the time during the engagement I was in command of it, and must make my brigade report separate.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E ROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

[Captain E. P. EDSALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Tullahoma, July 8, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the 24th and 25th of June, 1863. As I was in command of the brigade during a portion only of that time, you will please make due allowances for slight inaccuracies:

This brigade marched from Murfreesborough, Tenn., at about 6 a.m. on the 24th, and proceeded on the Shelbyville turnpike for about 6 miles, being in the rear of the First Brigade. We here turned to the left, on what, I am told, is called the Wartrace road. It was an intolerably muddy and bad road, at any rate; and we proceed on this road, through Millersburg, to Liberty Gap. Near this place the First Brigade (General Willich's) encountered the enemy. It was soon ascertained that the rebels intended to dispute the passage into the gap, and a brisk skirmish ensued.

Two regiments of this brigade (the Twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteers and the Seventh-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) were ordered forward to take position on the right of the First Brigade, and shortly after the Thirty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, also of this brigade, the Twenty-ninth Indiana occupying the extreme right, the Thirty-fourth Illinois the left, and the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania the center. Being thus disposed, we advanced rapidly against the enemy, who rapidly disappeared. We pursued the enemy, over rather a circuitous route, for about a mile, when we were relieved by the Third Brigade, and we encamped for the night on the right of the road, at the entrance of three ravines, which comprise a portion of the gap. We were somewhat disturbed by the enemy's shells for a few minutes after encamping, which were thrown from a battery which he had posted about half way up the middle ravine.

In the evening, two regiments of this brigade went on picket, and were relieved the next morning by two others of the same brigade (the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers).

About 2 p.m. of the 25th, the pickets in front, belonging to the First Brigade, were heavily pressed, and soon a sharp engagement ensued. In a short time this brigade was ordered up to relieve the First Brigade, whose ammunition was becoming exhausted. We moved up to the middle ravine, where, by General Johnson's directions, a line of battle was formed, composed of two regiments (the Seventy-seventh

