
Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right, and the Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers on the left). These two regiments were ordered by Colonel Miller, who at that time commanded the brigade, to advance rapidly against the enemy. These two regiments passed up through the ravine as two regiments of the First Brigade were retiring to get a fresh supply of ammunition. These regiments passed the low ridge from which our pickets had been driven, and soon emerged into the open plain. At this time Colonel Miller was wounded, and I was left in command. I was not informed at the time that Colonel Miller was wounded, but advanced with the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventy-ninth Illinois across the plain against the enemy, who was posted on the hills, on the opposite side of the plain. We were here exposed to a raking fire of artillery and musketry, and our loss was exceedingly heavy. The plain was a sea of mud, but we pressed on and gained the base of the hills, where we were more secure from the enemy's fire, while our own fire told with fine effect upon the enemy. The enemy here threw one entire brigade (General Liddell's) against my two regiments, but we contested our dearly-bought position with so much energy that we repulsed him. The Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania exhausted their ammunition, and I ordered up the Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, which had been held in reserve. This regiment came gallantly across the plain, and suffered heavy loss. The Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers and the One hundred and first Ohio, belonging to General Davis' division, came up at the time to relive us. The enemy, whose ranks had been broken for some time, seeing these re-enforcements coming up, retreated rapidly and left us possession of the hills.

Those portions of the Twenty-ninth Indiana under Colonel [D. M.] Dunn and of the Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers under Major [G. W.]

Fitzsimmons which were not on picket did gallant service in supporting the Twentieth Ohio Battery, which was posted on the ridge running across the ravine. This battery was used with considerable effect.

The officers and men, without exception, behaved with gallantry and efficiency.

Our loss in killed and wounded was 118 out of the three regiments which crossed the plain. Of the balance of the brigade, 9 were wounded. At night the brigade encamped on the battle-field, in the ravine.

Submitting the above, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. ROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain R. S. HOWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 38. Report of Major J. McClelland Miller, Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Tullahoma, July 7, 1863.

SIR: Having been in command of this regiment in the engagement at Liberty Gap, on the 25th ultimo, I have the honor, in accordance with directions yesterday received, to submit the following report:

Shortly after leaving Murfreesborough, on the 24th, Colonel A. P. Dysart, who had for some days been complaining of illness, and had been under

