
medical treatment, finding himself unable to ride on horseback, was obliged to enter an ambulance, and relinquished the command to me. At about 1 p.m. of that day, and while we were halting at a point about 10 miles from Murfreesborough, very lively firing was heard in the direction of our advance. In about half an hour, our men having discovered a number of rebel soldiers within short musket-range, on a hill at our right, and opposite the head of my regiment (which rested where the road crossed the small creek), I sent to Colonel Miller for permission to deploy two companies to feel their strength. Before the messenger returned, however, our regiment was ordered forward about one-third of a mile, opposite to a large hill, then occupied by the rebels, and about one-half mile distant, where I was ordered to deploy and move as rapidly as possible to the hill, the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Twenty-ninth Indiana having been sent to occupy the hill by a flank movement to the right. We moved at double-quick across an oat and wheat field, to the foot of the hill, where we were ordered, by Colonel Miller in person, to halt. We remained there with the Seventy-ninth Illinois until our troops had occupied the hill, when we were moved by the left flank on to the road running through the gap, and, after the firing had ceased, were moved up and bivouacked near a school-house at the head of the gap, where we lay until the next afternoon.

About 2 o'clock the 25th, the firing in front became very heavy, and artillery was used on both sides. At about 3 o'clock our brigade was moved up very rapidly, most of the distance on doubl-quick, to a point just beyond General Johnson's headquarters, where I dismounted, when our regiment, then numbering 234 guns and 24 officers in line, was deployed and moved forward to the top of the ridge and to the left of the point where a section of the Twentieth Ohio Battery was afterward posted, and lay there in reserve, in some scattering timber, under fire for ten or fifteen minutes.

On reaching this point, I found myself very much exhausted, having been so ill during the forenoon that, had there been another field officer present, I should have reported at the hospital. Being a little refreshed by the short rest at this point, I hoped to be able to cross the field in front. Meantime the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventy-ninth Illinois had moved across a corn-field in our front, to a fence at the foot of a large wooded hill, where they were engaged with the enemy. We were then moved forward by General Willich a short distance, to protect his left, and halted. Immediately Lieutenant Baldwin, of Colonel Miller's staff, informed me that it was Colonel Rose's order that we move forward, on double-quick, across the corn-field, and he at the same time informed me that Colonel Miller had received a severe, and probably fatal, wound. The regiment was immediately put in motion at double-quick. In crossing a fence at the edge of the timber, about 20 rods from where we started, some confusion was created, but as soon as we were past that, the line was handsomely reformed and moved on steadily and in excellent order through the corn-field, the very mellow soil of which, softened by the severe rains of the last two days, rendered rapid progress exceedingly difficult. At this point I found myself falling behind the regiment, and when the field was one-half crossed, Captain S. L. Patrick, who had rendered me valuable assistance for the last two days, found it necessary, by reason of my being so far in the rear that my orders could not be heard, to assume command. I followed as well as I was able, and from the fact of my being so far behind could get a better view of the action, perhaps, than those actually engaged in it. Captain Patrick succeeded in keeping our men moving steadily, and in preserving a better

