
line than could have been hoped for in the mud, which deepened as he advanced, and under the very heavy fire constantly poured into the regiment from the hill. When about one-third across the field, the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventy-ninth Illinois commenced falling back across the field, meeting our regiment when it was about two-thirds across the field, and it is, perhaps, owing partly to the fact that the fire of the enemy was divided between us and the retreating regiments that our loss in crossing the field was so much smaller than could have been reasonably expected.

When our regiment reached a point about 6 rods from the fence, a volley was poured into the enemy, whose left was within about 4 rods of the first fence, at the bottom of the hill, on the opposite side of the creek, or 15 to 20 rods from our line. This staggered them, so that they closed up toward their right, and farther from our guns. Our men then rushed for the fence, which they reached with an entire loss of 2 killed and 23 wounded. The contest was continued at this point for about twenty minutes, our men firing very rapidly and keeping up a constant roll. The enemy were meantime falling back; but, exhausted as our men were with double-quicking 120 rods through the muddy corn-field in the severe afternoon heat, and their labor in firing, Captain Patrick (wisely, as I think) judged it imprudent to undertake to advance up the hill with no support in sight, and without knowledge that any support was provided for us. At this time the firing ceased entirely, and just then the Thirty-eighth Illinois and One hundred and first Ohio, of Davis' division, entered the corn-field, crossed it, and formed on our right, we having meantime received orders to remain where we were. In a short time after reaching there, a portion of them were deployed to skirmish the hill, which they did almost without opposition.

Our loss at the fence was 1 killed and 2 wounded, our total loss in the affair being 3 killed and 25 wounded.

At about 8, we were ordered to fall back to the point where we had just deployed in the afternoon, and we there bivouacked.

Lieutenant Merrill, of Company F, a very promising young officer, was killed. Every officer in the regiment present did his whole duty in holding the men (who were themselves nothing loth) to the work, and every private was determined to do his whole duty.

I desire especially to acknowledge the valuable services of our efficient adjutant, First Lieutenant David Leavitt, who, in crossing the field, was constantly riding up and down the line, cheering on those who were lagging, until his horse was shot when within about 10 rods of the fence.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. McCLLELAND MILLER,

Major Thirty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Captain E. P. EDSALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 39. Report of Colonel Allen Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Tullahoma, July 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Seventy-ninth Illinois was not in action until the afternoon of the 25th ultimo. At Liberty Gap

