
we were ordered in by Colonel Miller, commanding Second Brigade, in connection with the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, and formed upon their left. As I was junior, I tried to conform as near as possible to the movements of Colonel Rose. When we were within one-half or three-fourths of a mile of the enemy, the effect of their sharpshooters was terrible. We formed first behind a fence in an orchard, and fired a few rounds. The gallant Colonel Rose ordered his regiment forward. I at once, with the assistance of our brave officers, took up the command and rushed on, passing through a muddy corn-field, on the double-quick for near a half mile, exposed all the while to a terrific fire. Our brave boys faltered not, but rushed on, and soon gained the foot of the hill, the enemy being posted upon the top and along the sides, and began to pour upon the enemy a terrible fire, and kept it up at an excellent advantage, with but little damage to us. We had already suffered our great loss in crossing the field. After 20 or 25 rounds had been fired, my attention was called to the fact that the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania was falling back. Supposing that to be the order, and a necessary movement, we followed suit. I learned afterward, however, that Colonel Rose gave the command by the left flank, in order to get out of the range of our artillery, and his men misunderstood the command. No one can be blamed, for Colonel Rose and the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania are true as steel, yet it was unfortunate, after gaining the point and really whipping the enemy, for these two regiments to fall back. I might single out officers and men and speak of their noble deeds of daring and bravery, but in doing so I might eulogize one too much and fail to give credit to others who were equally as daring. Suffice it to say that I feel proud of the officers and men of this regiment, and feel grateful to my God and my country for the privilege of commanding them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN BUCKNER,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Captain E. P. EDSALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David M. Dunn, Twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Tullahoma, July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, under my command, on the 24th and 25th of June, at Liberty Gap:

We were taking the lead of our brigade, General Willich leading the column, until within half a mile of the gap, when orders were received to move to the front with my regiment. On reaching the extreme front on the right of the column, I was ordered to deploy as skirmishers. I threw out three companies, the left resting on General Willich's right; my right to move across the valley and over the crest of the two hills beyond, flanking the enemy on their left. I then placed three companies as reserves, and one company in the road on my right, to prevent a surprise of that point. Our skirmishers advanced and met with stubborn resistance, but charged across the open field and dislodged the

