
enemy, driving them up the hill and silencing them, with a very small loss on our side, viz, 4 men wounded-3 severely and 1 slightly. Our line of skirmishers steadily advanced up and over the hills, on the top of which we were joined on our left by the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania; but no enemy was to be found, except a few stray shots on our right. At its base on the other side we were ordered into camp.

On the morning of the 25th, six companies were placed on picket. At 4 p.m. I was ordered with the remainder of my regiment to the front. On the way the colonel commanding the brigade ordered me to take command of the Thirtieth Indiana, comprised of six companies, and what field, and await further orders. I here threw out skirmishers and found a regiment in front, at the same time notifying General Johnson (Colonel Miller having been wounded and left the field) that it was a good position for a bravery. Two pieces were soon placed there by his order, with directions for me to remain there and support them.

Casualties, 1 man of the Thirtieth Indiana wounded by shell, which were continually exploding over us.

I remained here until ordered back to camp.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

D. M. DUNN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Indiana.

Colonel JOSEPH B. DODGE,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 41. Report of Captain William Dawson, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Read, Tenn., July 10, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular received, with regard to the part taken by each regiment in the engagement at Liberty Gap, I have the honor to state that, on the evening of the 24th of June, four companies from my regiment were sent on picket on the extreme right of the line. On the morning of the 25th, they were relieved by the same number of companies.

On the 25th, at 1 p.m., the right of the line was attacked and I sent another company as re-enforcements. Shortly after, we were attacked in front in force, when the brigade was ordered out. Having but four companies (one company being at brigade headquarters as provost-guard), I was placed in reserve, and in support of a section of the Twentieth Ohio Battery.

The casualties were small: Two men were wounded, one of Company A and the other of Company I.

I remained in front until dark, when I was relieved by a regiment of Brigadier-General Davis' division, and returned to bivouac about 1 1/2 miles in the rear. The five companies of my regiment which were on picket were quite heavily engaged. The enemy tried to drive them from their position, which was on the hill to the right of the road. But when night came the enemy again retired, after which but few shots were fired.

After this nothing of importance transpired in which my regiment took part until the evening of the 27th, when I was again ordered to the

