
front or to join my brigade, which was then in reserve next to the front line of battle.

On the 28th, we moved across to the Manchester turnpike and encamped that night at Beech Grove. The next morning we again resumed our march for Manchester, where we arrived at about 2 a.m. on the 30th, the delay being caused by the train which we were placed in charge of.

On the evening of the 30th, we were ordered to take charge of a train going back to Murfreesborough for supplies. During this trip nothing of importance transpired. The roads were very heavy, and it was the most tiresome march we ever made. But the men were all the while in good spirits, and stood the march as well as could be desired.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM DAWSON,

Captain Company G, Commanding Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain E. P. EDSALL,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, 20th Army Corps.

No. 42. Report of Colonel Philemon P. Baldwin, Sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of June 24, at Liberty Gap, at which place it arrived about noon, having marched in rear of the division:

I remained in reserve until 4 o'clock, and on the enemy being dislodged from their first position, I deployed my brigade into line near Elliott's house, in the following order: The Louisville Legion, Colonel Berry, on the right of the road, supported by the Ninety-third Ohio; the Sixth Indiana, Colonel Tripp, on the left of the road, supported by the First Ohio.

The enemy's position was on a chain of hills, 400 yards distant. The road on reaching their base turned square to the left, and followed along their base for 500 yards, to where the hills extend across the road, forming a very strong position, their main force being at the point where the road enters the hills, and at this point two pieces of artillery were posted, having a direct fire on part of my line and enfilading fire on the extreme right, until my right occupied the hill held by their left.

At a few minutes after 4 o'clock, I put my line in motion. Colonel Berry's regiment gallantly moved forward over the open field on the right of the road, and drove the enemy's extreme left from the hills in his front, after severe skirmishing, losing 2 killed and 8 wounded, and holding the position.

The Sixth Indiana moved forward, and, on reaching the bend in the road, deployed to the right and left of the road, the right extending to the crest of the hill and the left stretching out into the open field.

Over this open ground the line steadily advanced, under a heavy infantry and artillery fire, and drove the enemy from their strong and covered position on the hills, their fire being too high, and doing little damage, as the loss of the Sixth was but 13 wounded, 2 of them mortally.

