
I find from the prisoners taken that my brigade fought five regiments-the Second, Fifth, Eighth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Arkansas. I here ordered up the Ninety-third Ohio, Colonel Strong, and the First Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, to relieve the line, which they did coolly and skillfully, and had an hour longer of daylight been left to them they would have driven the enemy entirely from the gap.

I am proud to record the gallant conduct of my brigade, worthy of the men who fought at Shiloh and Stone's River; the skill, courage, and steadiness and ready obedience of both officers and men, without an exception, and displayed as strikingly in this skirmish as in a heavy battle, and deserving as much praise.

Colonel William W. Berry, commanding Louisville Legion; Colonel H. Stropng, commanding Ninety-third Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel E. Bassett Langdon, commanding First Ohio, and Lieutenant Colonel H. Tripp, commanding Sixth Indiana, handled their regiments with great courage and skill, and deserve my thanks for their prompt obedience. Lieutenant Morrison, with his Fifth Indiana Battery, did effective service, taking a good position under direction of Captain Simonson, chief of artillery, and silencing the enemy's battery. Captain F. P. Strader, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain A. T. Snodgrass, inspector, and Lieutenant W. L. Patterson, aide-de-camp, rendered valuable assistance in the transmission of orders to the hottest parts of the field. Dr. Charles Schussler, brigade surgeon, was unceasing in his attention to the wounded, laboring night and day in the hospitals.

I append a list of the killed and wounded, amounting in all to 2 killed and 21 wounded.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

P. P. BALDWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain R. S. HOWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

No. 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hagerman Tripp, Sixth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the engagement at Liberty Gap on the 24th ultimo:

At or about 4 p.m., I was ordered to the front, relieving the Thirty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers, at Elliott's house. I deployed six companies forward as skirmishers-Company F, Captain Newland, on the right, Company A, Captain Kavanaugh, on the left, and Company B, Captain McKehan, in the center, the line being supported by three companies, in command of Major Campbell, one company being detailed to guard ammunition train. In this order we moved forward. In about a quarter of a mile we encountered the enemy, posted in the barn and outbuildings at Field's house. My right coming in contact, lost several wounded. They made a sharp resistance, but soon gave way, we advancing steadily upon them. At this point the road turns sharply to the left. The enemy falling back by the general course of the road, it became necessary to change the direction of my line, which was handsomely done, under a galling fire of musketry and artillery.

