
The enemy again took post behind a fence, with an open field in front, and in the mean time having been re-enforced, they manifested some stubbornness in giving us the ground. In about an hour, however, they kindly permitted us to advance our line, which we did at a double-quick. We drove them about a mile, when darkness ended the fight. We occupied for the night our advanced line.

Of the officers and men of my command, I have simply to say they did their duty. I want no better.

Our loss was 13 wounded, Marshal Grinstead, Company B, and John Sheets, Company F, probably mortally. The enemy left on the field 4 killed, 6 wounded, and 7 prisoners.

I am, your obedient servant,

H. TRIP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 44. Report of Colonel William W. Berry, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.

TULLAHOMA, July 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders of to-day, I submit the following:

Marching from Murfreesborough on the 24th ultimo at 5 p.m., I was ordered with my command to the front. The advance had been skirmishing at this time some two hours. Deploying on the crest of a hill, I was ordered to move across the valley in front and drive the enemy from some high hills opposite. Two wheat-fields intervened, and, of course, we were much exposed. The enemy were concealed in the timber, with a strong skirmish line, well supported. I moved forward, drove the enemy, and, according to orders, held the hills.

My loss was 8 wounded and 1 killed. The enemy left 2 killed and a number wounded on the ground.

Officers and men came fully up to the work, and I shall never ask under fire, and nothing of consequence, except hard marching, occurred.

Attached is a list of the killed and wounded.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BERRY,

Colonel Fifth Kentucky Volunteers.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 45. Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. Bassett Langdon, First Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Tullahoma, July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In reply to circular calling for reports of regimental commanders, in regard to the part taken by their respective regiments in

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.422.

---------------

