
the affair at Liberty Gap, I have the honor to report that my regiment was in reserve during that action, and took no active part therein. During the march of Wednesday, June 24, the regiment marched in rear of the battery, and for the last half of the distance in rear of the division ammunition train. It arrived upon the ground just as the Fifth Kentucky and Sixth Indiana engaged the enemy, and was at once ordered into camp by Brigadier-General Johnson. A half hour later it was ordered to the front by Colonel Baldwin, and moved up to the position assigned it, where it was held in readiness for instant action, but was not called on for service till sunset, when it was ordered to relieve the Sixth Indiana and perform picket duty, the action having terminated. The regiment was not brought under fire, and therefore I have no casualties to report.

The Sixth Indiana relieved us from picket duty next morning at 6.30 o'clock.

On Friday, June 26, the regiment made a reconnaissance on the right of our position, and established a line of pickets in full view of the enemy, with whom shots were from time to time exchanged at long range. An hour after dark we were withdrawn, by order of the colonel commanding the brigade, and marched to Millesburg, in rear of the battery.

I have pleasure in stating that the spirit and fortitude evinced by the men and officers of my command under the severely fatiguing duties at the gap, in march to and from there, furnishes additional evidence that the regiment may be relied upon in any circumstances of hardship and danger.

From Murfeesborough to Beech Grove the men carried knapsacks, in addition to blankets, shelter-tents, and haversacks, and, constantly seeing other troops more lightly equipped, uttered no word of complaint.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. BASSETT LANGDON,

Lieutenant Colonel First Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps.

No. 46. Report of Colonel Hiram Strong, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment (the Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry) in the affair of the 24th ultimo, at Liberty Gap:

About 4 o'clock in the afternoon, having gone with our brigade to the front to relieve the troops there engaged with the enemy, my regiment was halted in the road, right in front, while the Fifth Kentucky and Sixth Indiana were deploying as skirmishers to the right and front. After remaining in that position perhaps twenty minutes, an order was brought to me by Captain Snodgrass, of the brigade staff, to form my regiment in line of battle i a rye-field to my right, to support the Fifth Kentucky, who, deployed as skirmishers, were advancing up the hill to

