
the right of our immediate front. On particular inquiry of him as to the exact point at which it was the desire of the colonel commanding we should form the line, I was directed by him to file immediately to the right, and stretch across the field toward a wood on the opposite side. On inquiry of the colonel commanding afterward, I ascertained that when he gave the order he was under a misapprehension as to my exact position, thinking that our right rested where our left actually rested. Hence I got into a position which he did not intend. After I had advanced into the field, marching by the right flank a distance about equal to our battle front, I saw the flash of the enemy's cannon, and in an instant a shell burst within 20 feet of the head of my column. This being the first cannon shot fired by the enemy, and so far as I knew the first knowledge any upon our side had of the possession of artillery by them, and seeing that my regiment, if placed in the position pointed out to me would be in full view of their battery and exposed to a raking fire, I immediately sent my adjutant to the colonel commanding to inquire if it was his wish that we should proceed. On the return of the adjutant, I received his order to retire to our former position, which I did, and there remained until the close of the engagement, at dark, when, in pursuance of orders, I posted my regiment as pickets on the line then occupied by the skirmishers of the Fifth Kentucky.

My regiment suffered no loss. I have nothing further to add.

Yours, respectfully,

HIRAM STRONG,

Colonel Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 47. Report of Lieutenant Alfred Morrison, Fifth Indiana Battery, Second Division Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BATTERY INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Tullahoma, July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Battery Indiana Volunteers in the engagement at Liberty Gap on the 24th and 25th ultimo:

I marched from Murfreesborough on the 24th ultimo, with the Third Brigade. At 5 p.m., Colonel Baldwin ordered two pieces to the front. I sent two 12-pounder guns, Lieutenant J. F. Ellison commanding. After taking a position, he fired 15 rounds, when one piece was ordered to remain on picket duty; the other returned to the battery.

On the evening of the 25th, I was ordered to report with the battery to Colonel Post, commanding Second Brigade, General Davis' division, who assigned me a position, where I remained until our troops left the gap.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED MORRISON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Colonel P. P. BALDWIN,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Corps.

