
No. 48. Reports of Captain Wilber F. Goodspeed, Battery A, First Ohio Artillery.

CAMP NEAR MANCHESTER, TENN., July 1, 1863.

SIR: I herewith submit the following report of the part that my battery took in the recent skirmish at Liberty Gap, Tenn., commencing June 24, 1863:

Upon reaching the gap I ordered one section to the front. It advanced, took position, and fired 6 shots. Soon after, the battery advanced and took position on the right of the road, on the summit of a hill, fired 28 rounds, and remained there for the night.

At 2 p.m. the 25th, we were ordered to take the same hill for a position which the rebels had used the day before. We planted our guns and fired 91 rounds from the James rifled pieces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GOODSPEED,

Captain Battery A, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. BATTERY A, FIRST OHIO VOL. ARTILLERY,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report at the part that my battery took in the late engagement at Liberty Gap:

During the afternoon of June 24, at the foot of the gap, one section was sent forward and fired 6 shots, with a desire to draw the fire of the enemy's batteries, supposed to be secreted on the hills; but no reply was made. In a few moments the whole battery was ordered to the front. Taking position on the summit of a hill to the right of the road, had scarcely unlimbered when the enemy opened upon us with two pieces. We fired 28 shots, when they withdrew, and the firing ceased for that day. Camped there for the night.

The next day, the 25th, we were ordered to take for a position the same hill that they occupied the day before with one of their pieces. We took this position and fired 91 shots, when the firing upon both sides ceased.

During the latter portion of the 24th and forenoon of the 25th, there was a drenching rain-storm. The battery remained on this hill the 26th till sundown, when the brigade fell back during the evening, out of the gap, as far as Millesburg.

Not a man was killed or wounded during the engagement.

Very truly,

W. F. GOODSPEED,

Captain Battery A, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Captain P. SIMONSON,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division, Twentieth Corps.

