
No. 49. Report of Lieutenant Oscar W. Hancock, Twentieth Ohio Battery.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH OHIO BATTERY,Tullahoma, July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the 24th day of June, 1863, the Twentieth Ohio Battery did not take any active part. I was ordered to halt the battery in a wheat-field, near a white house, at the foot of the hill of Liberty Gap, where we remained until 4 p.m., June 25, 1863. Then the battery was ordered forward. General Johnson halted the battery about 500 yards to the left of the house, used at that time as a field hospital.

One section of Rodman guns was immediately after ordered to the front, and fired 60 rounds, silencing the rebel battery. In the mean time, the rebel battery having obtained the range upon some regiments to the right and rear of us, opened upon them. Their shells falling short, fell among the remaining four pieces of this battery, and killed Acting Orderly Sergt. Charles F. Beyer. At 7 p.m. we were ordered from the field.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. HANCOCK,

Lieutenant, Commanding Twentieth Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

No. 50. Report of Major General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

ELK RIVER, July 2, 1863-4.30 p.m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I am fording Elk River, just above the mouth of Rock Creek. One of my brigades is already over, and I will cross my whole division in a short time. The enemy disputed the crossing of the ford for a short time, but were driven from it, and have fallen back into the timber in advance of my position, on the opposite side. I have given directions to push them, and ascertain their strength.

I find the enemy still hold their position at Allisona; they can be plainly seen on the opposite side of the river some distance on my left. I have captured some 60 or 70 prisoners. I have no information in reference to the main body of the enemy's forces. Wharton's cavalry is in my front. I sent to the Allisona Ford to ascertain whether Brannan was crossing. I did not find him there. I have lost 4 cavalry horses, but no men. I found the river very high and current swift. On the direct road to Winchester it was 10 feet deep. I would have reached Winchester at 9 o'clock this evening had I been able to make the crossing at that point.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Twentieth Army Corps.

33 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

