
Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry as support, and drove the enemy from his position; captured and burned his camp. I then directed the column to continue its march on Manchester, turning to the left, and leaving Colonel Laiboldt's brigade to cover the rear. Camped at night 6 miles from Manchester.

Next morning I arrived at Manchester at 8.30 o'clock. At this place I was joined by four companies of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Watts, Colonel Jones and his mounted infantry having been relieved.

On the morning of the 29th, I advanced on Tullahama, via the Lynchburg road, coming into position 6 miles from Tullahoma.

June 30, I advanced Colonel Bradley's brigade 2 miles in front of my position, and made a reconnaissance to within 3 miles of Tullahoma, finding the enemy in force at that point.

On the morning of July 1, with Colonel Watts' cavalry and five companies of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry, under Colonel Harrison, which had joined me the evening previous, and two regiments of Colonel Bradley's brigade, I advanced cautiously in the direction of Tullahoma, driving the enemy's pickets, until I reached the open space in front of their fortifications. I here became satisfied that there was nothing left there but a small covering force of cavalry, and directed the cavalry to charge the. This was very handsomely done by Colonel Harrison and Lieutenant-Colonel Watts. I found in their works three heavy rifle siege guns, the carriages of which had been burned; also some three or four new caissons and a quantity of commissary stores in the town were saved, that the enemy were about setting fire to. In the mean time I had ordered all of my division to the front, and encamped it in Tullahoma that night, the cavalry continuing in pursuit of the enemy, and bringing in numerous prisoners.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of July, I started in pursuit of the retreating enemy, marching on Winchester road.

On arriving at the ford of Elk River, about 3 1/2 miles from Winchester, about 8 a.m., I found the stream so swollen by the recent heavy rains as to be impassable. I then turned the head of my column in the direction of Allisona, marching parallel with the river, until I came to Rock Creek, which I also found was too much swollen to ford. After a short delay, I found a ford up the creek, and also a practicable ford on Elk River, a short distance above the mouth of Rock Creek. This ford the enemy were guarding with one regiment of cavalry. After a sharp little skirmish, the enemy were driven from the opposite side. My cavalry little skirmish, the enemy were driven from the opposite side. My cavalry were crossed and put in position. A cable was then stretched across, by which means the weak men of the division were crossed. The rest of the men, placing their cartridge-boxes on their shoulders, went in with a cheer, en masse, supporting each other, and the entire command was crossed without any loss, although the stream was deep and rapid.

After crossing and taking up a position, I deployed two regiments of infantry and the detachment of mounted infantry, and drove the enemy's sharpshooters from my front; also from some hastily constructed works which they had thrown up at the ford at Estill Springs.

At 4 o'clock next morning, I marched on Winchester, driving the enemy's pickets. I directed the cavalry to charge a body of about 200 charge, but went pell-mell through the town, losing several men, taken prisoners. The enemy were driven across the Boiling Fork, a small stream about 1 1/2 miles beyond the town. Here they made a stand,

