
wounding 4 of Colonel Harrison's cavalry. I then directed General Lytle to advance his brigade and drive the enemy from the stream, at the same time halting the other two brigades at Winchester to ascertain if the division of General Davis, which was to support me, had made to crossing of Elk River, and to open communication with General Brannan, whom I expected on my left, at Decherd. Finding that General Stanley was marching on Dechard with his cavalry, and that General Davis had crossed the river, I continued my march on Cowan, where I arrived about 3 p.m., and found that the rear of Bragg's army had evacuated and crossed the mountain at about 11 a.m. Just before reaching Cowan I was joined by Colonel Watkins, of the Sixth Kentucky, with about 1,200 cavalry, who was directed to report to me for duty. At this point, in obedience to your orders, I halted my division and went into camp. During the night I learned that the enemy had taken up a position at or near University, on the top of the mountain, about 7 miles from this place, and had covered his front with General Wharton's cavalry brigade.

To ascertain the truth of this, I directed Colonel Watkins, with the Fifth and Sixth Kentucky, and Third Indiana of his command, on the morning of the 4th of July, to feel the enemy, and drive him until he was satisfied that he was there in force. This reconnaissance was very handsomely executed by Colonel Watkins, who drove the enemy about 3 miles, inflicting a severe loss. Our own casualties were 14.

On the morning of the 5th of July, I directed Colonel Watkins to feel the enemy again, to ascertain if his position was a permanent one, at the same time sending the Third Indiana Cavalry to Mount Top, on my right, and down the road in the direction of Stephenson. Colonel Watkins found that the enemy had fled. Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, Third Indiana Cavalry, found that a small portion of the enemy had crossed on that road. He captured 41 head of beef-cattle from the enemy's rear guard and brought them into camp.

The casualties occurring in my command during the above operations are as follows:

 Officers	 Enlisted	 Total

 	 men

Killed	 1	 1	 2

Wounded	 2	 17	 19

Missing	 ---	 1 	 1

Aggregate*	 3	 19	 22

At the crossing of Stone's River, near Murfreesborough, I was joined by two companies of Pioneers, under Captain [J. W. R.] Stambaugh, consisting of 107 men, who rendered valuable service in repairing roads for my artillery and trains, especially at the ford on Elk River.

I take great pleasure in bringing to the notice of the general commanding the zeal and energy displayed by my brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Lytle, First Brigade, Colonel B. Laiboldt, Second Brigade, and Colonel L. P. Bradley, Third Brigade, and the cheerful fortitude with which all the officers and men endured the vicissitudes and exposures of the march from Murfreesborough to this place. I also desire to notice the prompt and efficient manner in which the various officers of my staff discharged their arduous duties.

I forded four streams, all swollen waist-deep by the recent heavy

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.423.

---------------

