
rains, which have poured down almost incessantly since leaving camp, rendering the roads in places nearly impassable. There was no straggling among the troops, but every man was ready to engage the enemy and eager in the pursuit.

The total number of prisoners captured by my command since the 24th of June is 170.

I inclose herewith the reports of the brigade commanders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Twentieth Corps.

No. 51. Report of Brigadier General William H. Lytle, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Cowan, July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to report that my brigade, with Sutermeister's battery (Eleventh Indiana) attached, marched from Murfreesborough on Shelbyville pike June 24, 1863, at 7 a.m., Bradley's and Laiboldt's brigades, of this division, being in advance. About 11 a.m. the column was halted at Walnut Grove Church, a point 9 miles from Murfreesborough, and two of my regiments were thrown forward to support Bradley's brigade. After some skirmishing between our advance and the enemy, on the arrival of Brigadier-General Brannan's column, our division resumed its march at 3 p.m., and went into camp at 6 p.m. at the junction of the Fosterville and Old Millersburg roads. Distance marched June 24, 13 miles.

June 25, still in bivouac. Cannonading in direction of Liberty Gap.

June 26, marched at 6.30 a.m. Infantry column in rear of general train. The route being rendered almost impracticable for teams on account of heavy trains, I found it impossible to-day to make more than 3 1/2 or 4 miles. Bivouacked in timber, about 3 miles from Manchester pike.

June 27, moved about daylight; struck Manchester pike and marched to Beech Grove; marched thence to Fairfield, where there was skirmishing between our advance and the enemy. After a short halt, during which the enemy was driven back, the column resumed its march toward Manchester pike. Bivouacked on the roadside at Walker's house. Distance marched June 27, 18 miles.

June 28, my command (to-day in rear of column) moved at 7 a.m.; reached Manchester at 10.30 a.m. Distance marched, 6 miles.

June 29, moved at 11 a.m.; camped on right of road in timber at 5.30 p.m., having previously been in line of battle on same ground, immediately on our arrival. More or less skirmishing toward our front. Distance marched, 7 miles.

June 30, in same camp.

July 1, moved at 1 p.m.; reached Tullahoma at 4.30 p.m., and camped.

July 2, my brigade moved at 4 a.m.; at 10 a.m. halted at Winchester

