
Springs. The bridge over Elk River having been burned, were compelled to take an upper ford. Moved again at 2 p.m., and forded Elk River. Bivouacked on left bank. Marched to-day 13 miles.

July 3, moved at 4 a.m., my brigade in advance. Reached Winchester at 7 a.m., our cavalry advance driving on detachment of rebel cavalry. The enemy having been reputed in some force at ford of Boiling Fork, was sent forward with my brigade by Major-General Sheridan, with orders to drive him across the river. Found on arrival that the enemy had fallen back. Crossed Boiling Fork of Elk [River] about noon, and arrived at Cowan at 4 p.m. Distance marched, 12 miles.

I have no casualties to report. It need hardly be stated that nearly the entire march from Murfreesborough was conducted in the midst of a storm, probably without precedent in these latitudes, and that the roads in consequence were rendered in many instances almost impassable. It affords me great pleasure to be able to report that the officers and men of my command endured their extraordinary exposure and fatigue with the utmost cheerfulness; that there was little or no straggling on the march, and our one matter of regret-that the enemy was to met in force.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. LYTLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

No. 52. Report of Colonel Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Cowan Station, Tenn., July 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to communication dated July 6, Headquarters Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since our march from Murfreesborough, including a list of casualties:*

Leaving Camp Schaefer on the 24th ultimo, we marched that day, via Christiana, to Millesburg, where we encamped until the morning of the 26th. On the morning of this day (26th), the Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers, and a section of Battery G, First Missouri Artillery, were detached to guard a train, and started in advance of the balance of the brigade, encamping at night at Hoover's Gap.

On the morning of the 27th, my brigade received the flattering selection to march on Manchester and occupy that place in advance of the army. I started accordingly in the morning, joining the two before-mentioned regiments and section of battery on a dirt road leading from Manchester pike to Fairfield, but soon afterward received orders to proceed to Fairfield in rear of the train of the Fourteenth Army Corps. Arrived at Fairfield at 4 p.m.; learned immediately that a cavalry force of the enemy were posted near Fairfield, on the Wartrace road, and, deploying my sharpshooters as skirmishers, supported by the Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers and Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers,

---------------

*See revised statement, p.423.

---------------

