
the pike, the cavalry driving the enemy's skirmishers to the foot of Marshall's Knob, about a mile distant. The skirmishing becoming brisk, and the enemy opening on us with a heavy gun, I relieved the cavalry skirmishers with five companies of the Twenty-seventh Illinois, and put Wright's battery in position. By direction of General Sheridan, the battery did not reply to the enemy's fire. About 2 p.m., Brigadier-General Brannan's division came up, and relived my skirmishers, when the brigade moved on the road to Millersburg, reaching there about 5 p.m., and going into camp.

The brigade remained in camp at Millersburg on the 25th of June.

At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 26th, the brigade left camp, being in rear of the division, but were halted by order of Major-General McCook, and directed to remain at Millersburg until further orders. The brigade remained under arms through the day, and camped at night near General McCook's headquarters.

I received orders from General McCook to march at 4 a.m. on the 27th, and join the division at Hoover's Gap. I took the road at daylight, and crossed the mountain, overtaking the First and Second Brigades, reaching the gap with them about 9 a.m., and reported to General Sheridan. Was ordered to issue rations to the men, and, after resting an hour, marched to Beech Grove. After a short halt, moved with the division to Fairfield. Left Fairfield between 4 and 5 in the afternoon on the road to Manchester, the Forty-second Illinois as train guard. Colonel Walworth, of the Forty-second Illinois, found near Fairfield a train of some 8 to 10 wagons, without guard, belonging to General Rousseau's division, which he took charge of. Went into camp about 9 p.m., on the mountain, 6 miles from Manchester.

Marched at daylight on the 28th, and reached Manchester at 9.30 a.m. Went into camp, and devoted the day to washing.

Left Manchester at 8 a.m. on the 29th, having the advance of the division. Camped, early in the afternoon, on a stream about 6 miles from Manchester.

On the 30th, by direction of Major-General Sheridan, I sent out the Twenty-second and Twenty-seventh Illinois to examine the country toward Tullahoma. They were put into camp about 2 miles out, the balance of the brigade joining them at night.

About 10 a.m. on the 1st of July, General Sheridan ordered two regiments forward in the direction of Tullahoma. The Forty-second and Fifty-first Illinois were sent out, and advanced cautiously in support of the cavalry, entering Tullahoma at noon. Details from these regiments were on guard in the town during the day. The Twenty-second and Twenty-seventh Illinois and battery joined the brigade early in the afternoon, and camped at Tullahoma.

Marched at daylight, July 2, in rear of the division, the Twenty-second and Twenty-seventh Illinois as train guard. Reached ford on Elk River about 4 p.m., and halted while First and Second Brigades crossed. I camped on the north side of the river, by order of General Sheridan.

On the morning of the 3rd, I crossed the Elk at 4.30 o'clock, and marched on the road taken by the First Brigade. Reached Winchester at 9 a.m., having halted a considerable time outside the town. Two miles beyond Winchester halted again. Resumed the march in the afternoon, and reached Cowan at 5 p.m.

The brigade was in camp at Cowan July 4 and 5.

Private William Sullivan, Company C, Twenty-seventh Illinois, was wounded in the leg while skirmishing on the 24th of June. This is the only casualty I have to report.

