
My brigade train came through, under charge of Captain [James E.] Montandon, brigade quartermaster, without the loss of an animal or breaking a wagon.

Respectfully,

L. P. BRADLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

No. 54. Report of Major General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-first Army Corps.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Manchester, Tenn., July 13, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received at Murfreesborough on Wednesday, June 24, 1863, at 2.15 a.m., I marched on the same morning for Lumley's Stand, by the way of Bradyville, with Major-General Palmer's and Brigadier-General Wood's divisions. General Van Cleve, with his division, remained at Murfreesborough to garrison the fort. Just beyond Bradyville, in Gillies' Gap, we encountered a small force of the enemy's cavalry, who were driven so easily as to cause no delay. General Palmer, who was in the advance, lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded at this place. It began to rain the morning we left Murfreesborough, and rained incessantly for fifteen days. I have to report that bad roads, rendered worse in places than any I ever saw by the unusual rains, occasioned all the obstacles we had to surmount. Notwithstanding these difficulties, we occupied Lumley's Stand on the evening of the 25th with General Turchin's command of cavalry, Brigadier-General Turchin having reported to General Palmer on the 24th, before I reached the front. While at Hollow Springs, a point about 2 miles from the summit of the hill by which we ascended to the plateau, and the only place in the vicinity furnishing enough water for the command, I received an order to march directly to Manchester. I at once informed the general commanding the department that General Palmer's train was not yet up the hill, but that no time should be lost. Officers and men worked day and night with great energy and cheerfulness, 50 men working at each wagon, and yet could not clear the road of General Palmer's and General Turchin's trains until Saturday, the 27th, at 12 m. General Wood followed as soon as the road was cleared, and succeeded in getting his command over the hill in eleven hours. In this ascent General Wood's division reaped the benefit of marching with the least possible transportation, and for this I think the general is entitled to the commendation of the general commanding the department. At this time I was much relieved at the receipt of a letter from you, stating that the general commanding appreciated the obstacles I had encountered, and therefore did not expect me to reach Manchester, as ordered.

On the morning of the 28th, after gaining the plateau with the whole command, we moved as rapidly as possible toward Manchester. I and my staff arrived there at 11 a.m. I found the general commanding the department there, and by his permission sent an order to General Wood to camp at the first suitable ground, that men and animals might rest.

On the morning of the 1st of July, I was ordered to form on the left of General Thomas, about 6 miles from Manchester, holding one division in reserve. While the troops were going into position, information was

