
received at department headquarters that the enemy had evacuated Tullahoma. General Palmer was ordered to halt at Hill's Chapel, and General Wood to await orders at Manchester. Subsequently, on the same day, I received orders to march my command to Pelham, via Hillsborough. Orders were immediately sent to Generals Palmer and Wood to this effect. General Wood reached Hillsborough that night, and Pelham next day at 12 m. General Palmer could not move that night, because in moving out to form in line of battle he had to cross an almost impassable swamp, and artillery and ammunition wagons had to be dug out of the mud. That night the direction of General Palmer's march was changed by an order from department headquarters, and next day he moved to Hart's tan-yard.

I accompanied General Wood's division to Pelham. Near the Pelham we encountered a small force of rebel cavalry. They offered but slight resistance, and were driven back so rapidly that the bridge which they had fired was seized, the fire extinguished, and the bridge saved. One hour after my arrival at Pelham I received an order from the general commanding the department to send General Wood to Hillsborough. The men being weary and the atmosphere oppressive, I did not order the return of General Wood and his command till 6 p.m.

On the morning of the 3rd, at 6.30, just as General Wood reported in person with his command from Pelham, I received your order of 1.30 a.m. of the same day, directing me to proceed to Pelham with Wood's division, to intercept any portion of Bragg's force endeavoring to escape that way, and advising me of the position of General Palmer's command. After consultation with General Wood, I concluded to delay his return to Pelham until 10 a.m., when, no further orders arriving, he marched back to Pelham, I remaining at Hillsborough with my staff, being at a point nearly equidistant from the two divisions in the places assigned to them.

General Palmer, at the suggestion of General Stanley, moved from Hart's tan-yard to support him with his cavalry in crossing Elk River, but the enemy having left, General Palmer returned to his camp.

At 5.15 p.m. of the 7th, I received your dispatch of the 4th, dated Estill Springs, directing me to occupy McMinnville, Manchester, and Hillsborough, and, if practicable, Pelham with one brigade. I at once issued orders to General Beatty, then at Manchester, to rejoin his division, then at McMinnville; to General Palmer to march in the morning to Manchester, to relieve General Beatty,and to General Wood to occupy Hillsborough, leaving one brigade at Pelham. These orders were promptly complied with, and show the relative position of my command at this date.

For more detailed information of the movements of my command since leaving Murfreesborough, I refer to the accompanying report of Generals Palmer and Wood.

General Van Cleve, who left Murfreesborough on the 7th, with orders to occupy McMinnville, reports in two lines having taken peaceable possession of the place on the 9th.

Throughout the march officers and men of my command were cheerful and soldierly, though our part in this movement was as inglorious as it was disagreeable. I hope, however, that the presence of my command contributed somewhat to the general success.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

