
By this time the excessive rains had softened the roads and raised the streams. It was, therefore, thought proper to halt for the night. After halting, the cavalry, under the commander of Brigadier-General Turchin, reported to me, and were ordered into camp near Bradyville. In pursuance of orders, the march was resumed at 6 o'clock in the morning of the 25th. It had rained steadily all night, and was still raining. The roads along the valley were becoming very bad, but very satisfactory progress was made until the head of the train reached the hill (Gillies' Hill). It was here manifest that teams, even when moderately loaded and the roads dry, would ascend with great difficulty, and would find it nearly impassable as the road was then-softened and made slippery by the rain. I marched the column 3 miles farther, to Hollow Springs, and halted to await the arrival of the train. I arrived at Hollow Springs, and halted to await the arrival of the train. I arrived at Hollow Springs at about 1 o'clock, and the cavalry was pushed forward to Lumley's Stand at once (4 miles), and occupied it during the night and the next and following days. The afternoon and night of the 25th and all the 26th were spent in the efforts of large details to bring up the transforation. Indeed, it did not all succeed in reaching the camp until the morning of the 27th.

At 2 o'clock on the 27th, the column was again in motion, and reached a point 4 miles from Manchester. The route to-day from Hollow Springs to Lumley's was over "Barrens"-level, and in ordinary weather the roads must be very fine, but the constant rains of the 24th, 25th, 26th, and 27th softened the surface so that wagons and artillery cut through to the quicksand beneath, and movements were almost impossible.

On the 28th instant, by the orders of the general commanding (it still raining), my command was moved up to within 1 mile of Manchester.

On the 29th, it was marched through Manchester, and occupied the edge of the village on the Hillsborough road.

On the 30th, there was no movement.

On the morning of the 1st of July, instant, orders were received to march with "minimum transportation," leaving the men's knapsacks behind, to a point near Hill's Chapel, and to take a position in line on the left of the corps of General Thomas. Under general directions as to the roads, I moved forward on the worst roads imaginable, and reached the neighborhood of Hill's Chapel about 4 o'clock, and near there was overtaken by orders to march to Hillsborough. I took the direction to Hillsborough, and marched a short distance and halted for the wagons, now reduced to two for headquarters of the division and one for brigade headquarters, and the ammunition, only a portion [of which] reached me during the night.

At 4 a.m on the 2nd, I received orders from department headquarters to march to Hart's tan-yard, and to examine Elk River, at Stamper's Ferry, and ascertain the facilities for crossing there.

I moved early in the morning with Cruft's brigade, directing Hazen to wait for Grose, who was still behind with the wagons, and reached Hart's at 12 m. During the afternoon Hazen and Goes came up. I opened communication with General Thomas as ordered, and caused an examination of the ford to be made. In the afternoon I was informed by General Stanley that after a sharp skirmish he had forced the passage of Elk River. Later he advised me that the enemy were reported in considerable force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry on the south side of the river, and might attack him, and requested me to move down to Morris' Ford, near him. Having no orders to the contrary, I marched to the ford early in the morning, but was informed by him that the enemy were retreating.

34 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

