
The unusually heavy rains of the morning flooded the bottoms near the ford. I fell back 2 1/2 miles to a point on the road from Hillsborough to Winchester, and remained there until the morning of the 8th instant, and from there marched on that day to this place.

The march from Cripple Creek and Readyvile has been characterized by horrible weather and roads, and by the most strenuous efforts on the part of men and officers to overcome the difficulties occasioned by these causes.

I have no other casualties to report.

I am, very respectfully,

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 57. Report of Brigadier General William B. Hazen, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTY-FIRST A. C.,Manchester, Tenn., July 10, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to directions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade since leaving Readyville, Tenn., the 24th of June:

It consisted of the Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel (now Brigadier General) Walter C. Whitaker; the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Oliver H. Payne; the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Aquila Wiley, and the Ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel I. C. B. Suman, with an effective aggregate of 1,490 officers and men. To it was attached Cockerill's battery, of the First Ohio Artillery.

At 3 p.m. June 23, I received a dispatch from the major-general commanding the division to report at his headquarters at Cripple Creek, which I did at 5 p.m. of the same day. I then received directions from him to prepare to march light, with twelve days' half rations of pork and twelve days' full rations of bread, sugar, and coffee, receiving orders to take the direction of Bradyville. Rations had to be sent for at Murfreesborough, 12 miles away, which was done, and arrangements made to move with seven wagons to a regiment and two for brigade headquarters.

At 5 a.m. June 24, an order was received to march with all our baggage at 7 a.m. Thinking there was some mistake about the amount of baggage, I at once sent a messenger to division headquarters to ascertain if my first order was correct, and proceeded to get my command ready. Owing to the fact that rations did not arrive till 8 a.m., the troops did not get under motion till nearly 10 a.m. at which hour we left Readyville, after being camped there since January 10-a longer period by several months than we were ever before at any one place. The rain set in about 8 a.m. of this day, which continued every day and almost uninterruptedly till the 7th day of July. I reached Bradyville at about 2 p.m., the head of the column from Cripple Creek reaching that point at the same moment. Mine was halted till the First passed. We then marched through town to a point about 2 miles distant from it, and bivouacked for the night.

