
Orders were received to move precisely at 6 in the morning, at which hour we were under arms, but, being in the rear, did not get under way till about 10 o'clock; then marched slowly about 6 miles, to Hollow Springs; bivouacked, leaving our wagons 2 miles back, at the foot of the hills that bound the country known as "the Barrens."

At about noon the 27th, we again took up the march, the wagons having just come up (my brigade again in the rear), and marched to within 4 miles of Manchester. I would here state that the troops of the two brigades in my front were this day, as once previously, permitted to pick their way over several small streams and sloughs, detaining the column some two hours, so that the train did not reach the troops until the next day.

At about noon of the 28th, we were again put in motion, and, after marching 3 miles, again bivouacked about 1 mile from Manchester. My brigade this day were given the advance, the only time on this campaign until the division returned to this place, July 8.

On the 29th, the brigade marched through Manchester about 1 mile and bivouacked, remaining till July 1 upon the foulest grounds it ever rested upon.

July 1, the troops were again put in motion at about 10 a.m. in the direction of Hill's Corps, moving 6 miles. The road seemed to have been lost, as we passed through woods with bottomless mud.

July 2, we waited in camp till 12 m. for the ordnance train to come up, when we moved forward about 4 miles to Hart's tannery.

On the 3rd, I received orders at daybreak to prepare to march at once in the direction of Morris' Ford, about 4 miles distant. The troops in front of me did not, however, get under way till 8 a.m., and afterward permitted the men to pick their way across streams and to water artillery horses in crossing, so that by the time the ford was reached (between 10 and 11 a.m.) a violent rain was falling and the river too high to be forded. We marched back 1 mile, and remained till July 8, when I received orders to take up the march at 6 a.m. for Manchester, my brigade leading. I moved out promptly at the hour, reaching that place-14 miles-at 12 m., over a road worse than any the troops have previously passed over.

I have no casualties to report, either from wounds, disease, or desertion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps.

No. 58. Report of Brigadier General Horatio P. Van Cleve, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,McMinnville, July 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from department headquarters, I left Murfreesborough on the 5th instant, and on the 7th occupied McMinnville with the Third Brigade, two regiments of the Second Brigade of my division, and two batteries. The

