
enemy having left, I met with no opposition. On the 10th, I was joined by the remainder of my division. We now hold possession of this region of country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Chief of Staff, Twenty-first Army Corps.

No. 59. Reports of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Corps.

TRIUNE, TENN., June 24, 1863.

GENERAL: I send you herewith message just received from General Mitchell. I have ordered him to occupy Middleton, if possible. He is without forage, but I shall take a portion of his wagons with my infantry.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding.

[Inclosure.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,On road between Rover and Versailles, June 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have sent two messengers to you, and neither of them have returned, nor have I received any orders.

We had a very severe skirmish beyond Rover and at the town, beating the enemy back. There is a strong force at Unionville, to the picket line of which force we advanced. It is reported that there are three brigades 1 mile beyond Uninoville, entrenched. Our horses have had nothing to eat, except what the men brought on them, since yesterday morning. I shall await orders with head of column at Versailles.

In correspondence with General Stanley inform him where I am.

There is nothing in the country for the horses to eat. Everything is cleared out.

I am, &amp;c.,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have been very sick ever since I started.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,In the Field, near Christiana, Tenn., June 25, 1863-7 a.m.

GENERAL: I have just this moment heard from General Mitchell. After a very stubborn resistance made by the enemy, he drove him out of Middleton yesterday evening. He is now returning here to supply his command with forage for his horses and rations for his men. He found the country about Middleton devastated, and his horses have had nothing to eat for three days. He is now within 3 miles of this place, and I have sent out forage and rations to meet him. I will send to

