HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,Near Christiana, Tenn., June 29, 1863-10 a.m. (Received 6.30 p.m.)

GENERAL: I returned last night from Shelbyville to this place, and now have my headquarters here. Yesterday I ordered General Stanley's cavalry to join you direct from Shelbyville, via Fairfield. According to your first order, I was directed to take post at Murfreesborough the moment it was known that no battle would take place north of Duck River. As I am not yet apprised that the rebels have given up the line of Duck River entirely, I thought it best to await further instructions from you before breaking up here and going to Murfreesborough. From all I can learn, the rebels do not intend to make a stand this side of Bridgeport. The rear of their column, which we drove before us, left Shelbyville in haste and trepidation. Our troops have done nobly, capturing three pieces of artillery and 600 prisoners. The enemy lost, in killed, wounded and by drowning in Duck River, from 200 to 250, besides many have deserted, straggled, and left them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., July 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to the general commanding the Department of the Cumberland the following report of the attack made upon the rebel forces at Guy's Gap and Shelbyville, and of the occupation of those points by the forces under my command, on the 27th ultimo:

I have not yet received, from officers acting under my direction, reports of the part taken by their respective commands in the engagements of that day, and, therefore, I am unable to make this report in detail; to mention the special action of different and distinct parts of my command, and to name the officers and men most conspicuous for gallantry and a display of soldierlike qualities, and those (if there are any such) who deserve censure for bad conduct or neglect of duty; nor am I able to give, in exact numbers, the loss we sustained, although I can proximate it sufficiently to state it with reasonable certainty.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of June 23, I received orders from the general commanding the Army of the Cumberland to move at daylight with all of the forces under my command, then at Triune, for Salem, save the division of cavalry under the immediate command of General Mitchell, which I sent on that morning to attack the rebels at Rover and Middleton, with directions to drive them out of those places. In accordance with this order, I marched my command, and arrived at the designated point on the night of the same day (June 23). Under additional instructions there received, I marched the next day to a point on the Murfreesborough and Shelbyville pike, near Christiana, where I halted my command, awaiting further orders.

General Mitchell arrived at Rover on the afternoon of the day on which he left Triune, and there met the enemy. After a sharp fight, lasting for over two hours, he drove them out of, and 2 miles beyond, the town. On the next day he again attacked the enemy at Middleton, and succeeded in handsomely whipping them, and in driving them before him.

An official report of the casualties in these two engagements has not

