
No. 60. Reports of Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry, Army of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,One mile from ford on south side of Elk River,

July 2, 1863-8.45 p.m. (Received July 3-6.30 a.m.)

GENERAL: I crossed the river about 6 o'clock this evening, with slight opposition from the enemy. We pursued them about 3 1/2 or 4 miles, the enemy resisting. The entire force of the enemy's cavalry is in front of me-Martin's and Wharton's cavalry, under Wheeler. At about 2 o'clock, Stewart's division left this ford, Bushrod [R.] Johnson's brigade returning when they heard firing toward Allisona. Prisoners also report a strong force of all arms at from 6 to 8 miles from here, getting their trains over the mountains. I think you division should come here by daylight in the morning, and be ready to cross and support me if the enemy attack. If the enemy does not attack me, I shall attack them as early as possible to-morrow. Artillery will be able to cross the fords in the morning. This, is my opinion, is the enemy's most vulnerable point. Please send this through to General Garfield. Our horses are very tired, almost exhausted.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.

P. S.-Will you inform me by courier whether you will be up in the morning?
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Camp near Winchester, July 8, 1863.

GENERAL: To detail for the information of the general commanding the operations of the cavalry in the campaign resulting in the driving of the rebel army over the Cumberland Mountains, it is necessary to commence with the 24th day of June. Upon that morning the cavalry division of General Turchin was ordered to march to Woodbury, with Stokes' battery, with the design of moving, by way of McMinnville and Pocahontas, upon Manchester; but learning at 10 p.m. that General Mitchell's division had been engaged seriously the day before at Rover, I withdrew Colonel Minty's brigade and marched with it and a section of Stokes' battery, by way of Salem, for Middleton. That day the rain set in, which has continued to this present date, and which, converting the whole surface of the country into a quagmire, has rendered this one of the most arduous, laborious, and distressing campaigns upon man and beast I have ever witnessed. That evening General Mitchell engaged the enemy at Middleton, and routed him, with considerable loss. The same evening I made a junction with General Mitchell. The rain poured in torrents the entire night.

June 25, marched the command, by the cross-roads at Jamison's farm, to Christiana, where I joined the force under General Gordon Granger. Our pickets near Fosterville having been driven in during the afternoon by the enemy's cavalry, Colonel Patrick was sent, which his own regiment, the Fifth Iowa, and the Fourth Michigan, to ascertain his

