
20 killed and left on the field. The troops camped during the night near the ford, and the artillery was crossed over.

July 3, moved to Decherd, sending the Seventh Pennsylvania to Brakefield Point and Colonel Campbell's brigade to Cowan. Found nothing but stragglers and deserters. Learned that the last of the rebels had crossed the mountains. Encamped at Decherd. The incessant rain and consequent condition of the roads rendered the operations of the cavalry difficult and exceedingly trying to men and horses. The impossibility of bringing and exceedingly trying to men and horses. The impossibility of bringing up forage in wagons, and the absence of feed in the "Barrens" of the Cumberland Mountains, the constant rain depriving our poor beasts of their rest, has reduced the cavalry considerably. They now require some little rest and refitting.

I have the pleasure to add that the conduct of the entire command was all that I could wish it. Many instances of personal gallantry occurred, but the whole command behaved so well that it is difficult to discriminate. To my division and brigade commanders-Generals R. B. Mitchell and J. B. Turchin, Colonels Campbell, McCook, Minty, and Long-I am under many obligations for their cheerful assistance in all my labors. General Mitchell and Colonels Minty and Campbell had the fortunate opportunity of adding to their already high reputations as first-class soldiers by the brilliant affair at Shelbyville. Colonel Long's affair at Morris' Ford was equally creditable to him as a cavalry commander.

To the members of my staff, most of whom I have had occasion to mention favorably before, I am under many obligations for their promptness in the field as at the writing-table. Major Sinclair, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [P. H.] Warner, commanding my escort; Captain [J.] Hawley, inspector of cavalry; Captain [W. H.] Greenwood, engineer, and Lieutenant Hutchins, aide-de-camp, were in the cavalry charge at Shelbyville, and riding in the van, as they do always when sabers are ordered forward. Surgeon [L. A.] James, medical director; Lieutenant [W. C.] Arthur, acting commissary of subsistence, and Captain [C. C.] McCormick, provost-marshal, executed their respective functions in their usual quiet and effective way. Lieutenant [L. L.] Taylor was indefatigable and constant in his labors in my assistance, which at times were very severe. Lieutenants [W. M.] Wilson and Kinney were very serviceable to me.

A supplementary report will be made in mention of the officers and soldiers most distinguished.

Sergeant [Henry B.] Wilson, of my escort, deserves special mention for his gallantry at Shelbyville, capturing almost unaided 12 or 15 prisoners.

Please find accompanying reports of division and brigade commanders; also list of casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Salem, July 11, 1863-10.15.

GENERAL: I send you inclosed the reports of the operations of the cavalry up to the time of the exit of the rebels over the mountains.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.423.

---------------

