
I have had tribulation enough in getting them in, the excuse being no paper to write on. Some of the sub-reports are still back. These will be forwarded as soon as they can be procured. I received a dispatch from Colonel Galbraith last night at Fayetteville. The railroad to that place is complete. Colonel Galbraith has his own regiment and the Third Ohio. He is ordered to go on to Pulaski, and thence to Huntsville. Colonel Long, with four regiments, marched for Huntsville this morning. I will march to-morrow morning, sending Colonel Long to Athens. I will leave Colonel Watkins near Winchester with his brigade and our wagon train. He will have an aggregate of 3,000 men. Colonel Galbraith has information that there are two battalions of rebel cavalry on Cane Creek; he goes after them to-day. I think he is mistaken. Perhaps he has heard of Wilder being in there. I will try and finish up the business as soon as I can, consistently with keeping the horses in condition. I will communicate with headquarters so soon as I reach Huntsville.

In regard to the man tried by commission, I regret the commission was so tender-hearted. An execution would have had a beneficial effect upon this command.

I will write at more leisure of a matter I consider important to the efficiency of this command.

Your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

No. 61. Reports of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division.

NEAR CHRISTIANA, June 25, 1863. (Received 1.10 p.m.)

GENERAL: I left Triune at 8 a.m. June 28. Struck the enemy's picket one-half mile south of Eagleville. Steady skirmishing until we arrived within one-half mile of Rover, and there I met the enemy in force; formed a line of battle, and drove them one-fourth of a mile beyond the town. Here they opened a battery of six guns. They had a regiment and a battalion of infantry to support them. I drove them back to their rifle-pits, within a mile of Unionville. We killed 27 horses that we counted, and, I think, killed and wounded an equal number of men. We slept on the ground that night, and the next morning moved to Versailles at sunrise; there received orders from General Granger to attack Middleton and attack that place. We drove the enemy with a loss of from 50 to 60 horses. Many of them were left on the ground. I was compelled to burn part of the town. I drove the enemy 3 miles beyond the town, and then fell back in the direction of General Stanley's camp. We did not lose more than 20 killed and wounded.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS.

