HDQRS. FIRST. CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near Decherd, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to present report of the operations of this division from the time of the advance from their encampment at Triune on the 23rd ultimo.

On the morning of the 23rd of June, at 8.30 a.m., I left encampment at Triune with my division, consisting of the First and Second Brigades, commanded, respectively, by Colonel A. P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, and Colonel E. M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, and composed as follows: First Brigade, Second Michigan Cavalry, Major Godley; First East Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Brownlow; Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Jordan, and Fourth Kentucky, Major Gwynne. Second Brigade, Second Indiana Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart; Fourth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Platter; First Wisconsin Cavalry, Colonel La Grange; Second East Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Ray, and section of Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, Lieutenant Newell.

We proceeded without interruption, the First Brigade in advance, to Eagleville. Just outside of the town, on the southeast side, my flankers struck the outposts of the enemy, and, advancing rapidly, drove the enemy steadily, forcing him back upon his reserves, which were rapidly concentrated. The regiments of the First Brigade relieved each other from time to time as dismounted skirmishers, the weather being exceedingly hot and the ground advanced over being covered with thick undergrowth exceedingly difficult of penetration. This advance continued till the rebel encampment at Rover was reached, when the enemy made a short stand, but were soon driven from their position and their encampment and some few stores in it burned. They fell back to a strong elevated position, which we judged to be the picket line of the force at Unionville, where we ascertained a large force of infantry and artillery were posted, and made another stand, opening on our skirmishers with artillery. All of the First Brigade, the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, and six companies of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, of the Second Brigade, deployed with reserve as skirmishers, engaged the enemy, drawing their fire from their artillery, which was strongly posted, and supported by heavy bodies of infantry. At this time the enemy, using a road not down on our maps, and of which I had no information, attempted a flank movement on our right, bringing two pieces of artillery into action on this flank.

The Fourth Kentucky, which was advanced upon our extreme right, held the enemy in check, while the First East Tennessee and the six companies of the First Wisconsin, by a change of front under the flank fire of the enemy at short range, successfully repulsed this attack, driving the enemy again to the timber.

Lieutenant Newell's section of artillery, attached to the Second Brigade, performed good execution. His pieces were used by sparingly, but every shot told on the desired spot, effectually repressing any manifestation of the enemy to advance anywhere within the range of his guns.

The enemy having been driven to the support of the main force at Unionville, night having come on, and the men and horses of my division being almost exhausted in strength, I withdrew my force to a point about 1 mile north of Rover, bivouacking for the night.

The regiments actually engaged in this affair of the 23rd of June were (of the First Brigade) the Second Michigan Cavalry, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fourth Kentucky, and the First East Tennessee; (of the

