
Second Brigade) six companies of the First Wisconsin, part of the Fourth Indiana, and Lieutenant Newell's section of Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Our casualties were 1 man killed, 1 severely and 2 slightly wounded. Rebel loss, as ascertained from prisoners taken that day and subsequently, was 30 killed and wounded, 7 prisoners taken, and a large number of horses disabled.

The rebel forces engaged were, as far as could be ascertained, the Second and Fourth Georgia and Seventh Alabama Cavalry and the Fifty-first Alabama, with four pieces of artillery.

On the morning of the 24th, at daybreak, I started with my column for Versailles, halting there and awaiting the return of my couriers from Major-General Granger. They returned at 12 m., bringing orders from General Granger to proceed to Middleton. I left Versailles with my column about noon. Rain had fallen steadily and heavily since 1 a.m., and the road was in very bad condition. My skirmishers struck the enemy 1 mile from Middleton, on the northwest of the town.

The First Wisconsin deployed to the right of the Second Indiana on the left of the road as skirmishers, advanced, driving the enemy steadily before them into the town and to the heights beyond. The enemy's sharpshooters were lodged in strong log-houses in the town, greatly annoying our skirmishers. Being under orders from General Granger to await the arrival of an infantry column and co-operate with them, I did not consider it proper to show my whole force, and therefore brought up Newell's section, which, by a few well-directed shells, dislodged the enemy from the houses. Having become convinced that the wheaten or other cause had prevented the arrival of the infantry column, as expected, I ordered a charge, night approaching, and drove the enemy out of sight. The rebel loss was about 30 killed; the number of wounded unknown, but was stated by prisoners subsequently taken to be very large. About 60 horses of the enemy were killed. The rebel force engaged was the same as that of the day previous at Rover, with some re-enforcements. In accordance with orders received from department headquarters, I returned on the Salem road to rejoin Major-General Granger's column; but meeting Major-General Stanley, under his orders I bivouacked my command at the junction of the Christiana and Salem roads, moving the next morning (June 25) to Christiana, and remained in bivouac until the morning of the 27th, when, under orders from Major-General Granger, the division proceeded with Colonel Minty's brigade, the whole cavalry column being under the immediate command of Major-General Stanley, chief of cavalry, to Fosterville and Guy's Gap. Upon arrival at the base of the hill at the approach of the gap, the First East Tennessee Cavalry, being advanced as skirmishers, pressed the enemy closely, and, in obedience to orders, the whole command advanced in line, together with Colonel Minty's brigade of the Second Division, charging up and through the gap, the enemy flying in confusion, and closely pursued by Colonel Minty's brigade. My column was halted at Houston's Spring, by order of Major-General Granger, till Colonel Minty sending for support, I advanced rapidly with one section of the Eighteenth Ohio Battery, Captain Aleshire. Upon arriving in front of Shelbyville with the head of my column, I found Colonel Minty inside the works with his command, and about three-quarters of a mile from the town. I formed my brigade in the left of the road, and, after two well-directed shots from the artillery section, they were charged by squadron front into the town on the left, advancing to the lower bridge, Colonel Minty charging with his brigade up the main street of the town.

