
with Colonel Long's brigade, of the Second Division, the enemy was sharply engaged and driven with great loss, till darkness forced an abandonment of the pursuit, and the division bivouacked in line of battle.

At 3 a.m. of the 3rd instant, I moved with my command in rear of General Turchin's division, reaching here on the same afternoon.

I have said nothing of the state of the weather, which has in so great a degree prevented the entire success of the cavalry in harassing the enemy in his late disgraceful retreat from Tennessee. From early morning of the 24th ultimo, the rain has fallen almost constantly and very heavily, preventing any rapid march. Forage and subsistence has been very scarce and difficult to obtain. The men of my command have undergone toils, privations, and exposures almost unsurpassed in this war, and yet from no officer or soldier, from the highest to the lowest, has one word of complaining been heard. Every encounter with the enemy has demonstrated their ability and bravery; and their patient and cheerful endurance under hardships shows that opportunities given them for striking blows for our cause are ample recompenses for all sufferings.

The prisoners taken by my command have in many cases been turned over immediately upon capture to the provost-marshal at corps headquarters, especially in the affair at Shelbyville. We have lists of 158 prisoners taken, exclusive of those mentioned above.

Our casualties are 3 killed, 6 severely wounded, 2 slightly wounded, and 3 missing.*

I inclose herewith copies of the reports of my brigade commanders-Colonel A. P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, First Brigade, and Colonel E. M. McCook, Second Indiana, commanding Second Brigade. To them I owe great commendation for the able manner in which they have managed their respective commands, and for their continued and untiring endurance and exertions under great privations.

I am happy to say that with one single exception-that of an officer whose resignation has since been accepted for the good of the service-no officer or soldier of this command has done anything but what which entitles him to the highest praise.

I am greatly indebted to the following members of my staff for the able and efficient manner in which they discharged their whole duty, both on the battle-field and on the march: Captain John Pratt, assistant adjutant-general; Major [F. M.] Helveti, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant [J. K.] Rankin, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant [I.] Gannett, ordnance officer; Lieutenant [H. M.] Miller, acting commissary of musters; Captain [C. F.] Garrett, assistant quartermaster; Surg. Joel Vaile, medical director; Captain [E. A.] Hancock, provost-marshal; Captain G. E. Winters, acting commissary of subsistence, and H. Shanklin, volunteer aide-de-camp. They were ever ready and willing, and rendered me efficient aid, performing their many and arduous duties with promtitude and ability.

I have also to thank my orderlies (Sergeant [Henry D.] Gorham, Corporal [Rufus F.] Thorn, and Private [George] Faulds), Second Kansas Cavalry, for prompt and faithful performance of duty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Dept. of the Cumberland.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.423.

---------------

