
3, 1 private killed by falling from his horse. Fourth Kentucky Cavalry-June 23, at Rover, 1 private wounded severely.*

The number of prisoners taken at Shelbyville by this brigade cannot be accurately ascertained. Since that engagement we have taken 50 prisoners, including a few that I have paroled.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 63. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND CAV. Brigadier, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Decherd, Tenn., July 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with the order of the general commanding, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the cavalry operations of the division after leaving Triune, on the 23rd of June.

The division arrived at Rover on the evening of the 23rd, the First Brigade in advance. Encountered a large body of the enemy, and drove them from the town. One regiment of my brigade, the Fourth Indiana, was ordered to make a reconnaissance to the front. After advancing about 1 mile, a force of the enemy, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and three pieces of artillery, opened upon them. Other regiments of the division coming up, the enemy was driven off, after a spirited skirmish. Our only loss was 1 man wounded, Private Isaac Moles, Company I, Fourth Indiana, and two horses. Six companies of the First Wisconsin repulsed an attack made by the enemy on our right flank.

The next morning we marched on Middleton, by way of Versailles, my brigade having the advance. We found the enemy's pickets 1 1/2 miles from town; drove them in, and attacked the main body. They had occupied all the houses with dismounted sharpshooters. Their mounted line was driven back through the town by the First Wisconsin, Second Indiana, and Second Michigan Regiments. Wherever these troops opened fire they drove them, but finding it impossible to dislodge the force in the houses with small-arms, without unnecessary loss of life, General Mitchell ordered up Newell's section of artillery. A few shells accomplished the object, when four companies of the Second East Tennessee charged into the town, drove the enemy through, and captured part of their skirmishers. The casualties in this skirmish were: Private King, Second East Tennessee, wounded; Private Waldemar Nelson, First Wisconsin, wounded in right breast, and 3 horses killed and disabled.

Two days afterward we marched upon Shelbyville, where the enemy's cavalry suffered a total rout, with the loss of all their artillery and the entire destruction of two of their regiments. My brigade being in rear of the column, was not actively engaged in this the most gallant and successful cavalry affair of the war.

We afterward marched to Manchester, Tenn., and then in the direction of Winchester, to Elk River. On arriving at the main ford of that

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 423.

---------------

