
stream, on the Winchester stage road, found part of the Second Division that had been unable to effect a crossing. My brigade was ordered to cross at another ford, and did so.

In this connection I would specially mention the gallant conduct of Major Presdee, Sergt. John P. Eucking, Company A, and the other brave men of the Second Indiana Cavalry, who crossed the ford in the face of what they believed to be almost certain death, cut away the obstructions, and opened a passage for the other troops. As an instance of cool and determined courage, it has never been surpassed. The next day we marched into Decherd.

I feel called upon to mention in terms of commendation the conduct of all the officers and men of my command. Through fifteen days of continuous rain, short of rations, and their energies taxed to the utmost by the calls of duty, I have not heard a murmur. They have endured every hardship, every privation cheerfully, and weather that would probably have dampened the ardor and spirits of any other than cavalry soldiers seems only to have increased theirs.

Colonel Ray, Second East Tennessee; Colonel La Grange, First Wisconsin; Colonel Platter, Fourth Indiana, and Major Stewart, Second Indiana, the regimental commanders of my brigade, I thank for the promptitude and readiness with which they have executed every order. To the members of my staff I am equally indebted.

The number of prisoners captured by my brigade up to the day of our arrival at Decherd is 2 commissioned officers and 56 non-commissioned officers and privates.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 64. Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Decherd, Tenn., July 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the detachment under my command proceeded up the mountain to within 2 miles of the university building without meeting the enemy or discovering very recent traces. Learned by inquiry that the rear of Bragg's column passed over the mountain about 10 o'clock yesterday morning. His train was lightly loaded. On return, met General Negley's division marching up the mountain. Brought in all the cattle and sheep we could find. They are in the hands of the division commissary. Greenwood will report of roads.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Command.

