
ADDENDA.

Return of Casualties in the Third Brigade, First Cavalry Division, July 4, 1863.

[Compiled from nominal lists of casualties.]

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted

 	 men.	 	 men.

5th	 --	 --	 --	 6

Kentucky

6th	 1	 1 	 1	 4

Kentucky

Total 	 1	 1	 1	 10

Command.	 Enlisted men	 Aggregate	 Remarks

 captured or missing.

5th Kentucky	 1	 1	 7

6th Kentucky	 --	 --	 7

Total	 1	 1	 14

HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, In the Field, five miles from Winchester, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit, for the information of the general commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, the following synopsis of the movements of the Fifth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry from their departure from Franklin until their arrival at headquarters of First Cavalry Division

June 23, marched from Franklin to Triune, 16 miles.

June 24, marched to a point 6 miles from that place, where we bivouacked in the woods.

June 25, marched to Murfreesborough, the Sixth Kentucky making a reconnaissance, via Versailles and Middleton, under command of Lieutenant Colonel William P. Roper, capturing a sergeant and 3 privates, C. S. Army.

June 26, in camp at Murfreesborough.

June 27, in camp at Murfreesborough.

June 28, marched from Murfreesborough to Christiana (10 miles), and encamped with General Baird's division.

[June] 29, marched to a point 5 miles from Shelbyville, and encamped for the night.

[June] 30, entered Shelbyville, and, having made a reconnaissance on the Tullahoma road and crossed to Lewisburg pike, returned to Shelbyville, and encamped 1 mile east of town, having captured a lieutenant and 9 privates.

July 1, encamped at Shelbyville.

July 2, marched form Shelbyville to Tullahoma, and reported to Major-General Rosecrans, capturing on the road 3 privates, C. S. Army.

[July] 3, marched to Cowan, and reported to Major-General Sheridan, commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

[July] 4, made a reconnaissance toward University, 4 miles from which point met the enemy in considerable force, composed of cavalry and mounted infantry; engaged him, and drove him one-half a mile past University Depot, where, having fully accomplished the object aimed at, it was thought advisable to withdraw. In this action the loss of the Sixth Kentucky was 1 lieutenant and 1 private killed and 1 lieutenant and 4 privates wounded; also 16 horses killed and wounded. The loss of the Fifth Kentucky was 1 private killed and 9 enlisted men wounded, and 10 horses killed and wounded. Twenty-two prisoners

---------------

*Lieutenant William Murphy killed.

---------------

