
were captured from the enemy in this engagement. It has been subsequently ascertained that the loss of the enemy in killed and wounded was far greater than ours.

July 5, encamped at Cowan; made a reconnaissance to within 20 miles of Bridgeport; found no enemy.

[July] 6, encamped at Cowan.

[July] 7, marched from Cowan to headquarters First Cavalry Division, and reported to Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell commanding, leaving the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry attached to General Sheridan's division at Cowan.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 66. Report of Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry Division.

HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Salem, Tenn., July 10, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders from the chief of cavalry, on the 24th day of June, 1863, I moved from Murfreesborough, Tenn., to Cripple Creek, with Stokes' battery and the whole of my division, excepting the Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and the Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

The Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry, by a direct order from Major-General McCook to Colonel Harrison, commanding the regiment, was ordered to report to him for duty. I have not seen that regiment since; have received no reports from it, and do not know where it now is.

The Tenth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, by direct verbal order form the general commanding the department to Lieutenant-Colonel Haynes, commanding the regiment, was ordered to remain at Murfreesborough, and is still there.

When near Cripple Creek, I received orders from Major-General Stanley to send the First Brigade of my division, with three pieces of artillery, back to Murfreesborough at once, and with the remaining force, four regiments and four pieces of artillery, to co-operate with Major-General Crittenden, whose two divisions (General Palmer's and General Wood's) were to constitute the left column in the forward movement, and move to Manchester by Bradyville.

Sending the ammunition and baggage trains from Cripple Creek direct to Bradyville, I took the road through Readyville. At Bradyville I found General Palmer's division encamped. General Palmer having in the afternoon skirmished with some rebel cavalry in the gap beyond Bradyville, and the country being unfavorable for the action of cavalry, next morning, June 25, I directed Colonel Long, with two regiments of his brigade, to move from Bradyville, by Dickey's Ridge road, to the left and around the gap, pass the infantry, move forward through Hollow Springs, occupy Lumley's Stand, at the crossing of the McMinnville and Shelbyville road with the Bradyville and Manchester road,

