
who directed his gun in person right at the ford, under the fire of sharpshooters posted not more than 75 yards from the gun; Lieutenant Robinson, of Stokes' battery, who at the third shot dismounted one of the enemy's guns; Captain Adae, of the Fourth Ohio Cavalry, who chased the enemy's pickets into the river, and was wounded, and Lieutenant [W. W.] Shoemaker, of my escort, who was slightly wounded while reconnoitering the Shallow Ford. As a general thing, all officers, in clouding my staff, and the men behaved gallantly.

On the 3rd day of July, we moved to Decherd; thence, on the 6th, 5 miles beyond Winchester, and on the 10th to Salem, where we are now in camp.

The separate reports of Colonel Minty, commanding First Brigade; Colonel Long, commanding Second Brigade, and the commanding officers of different detached battalions, also return of casualties,* are herewith inclosed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Cavalry Division.

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Command.

Numbers 67. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp near Salem, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

SIR: At 6.30 a. m. on June 24, I marched from Murfreesborough to Cripple Creek, on the Woodbury pike, with my brigade, numbering 2,522 officers and men.

At 1 p. m. I was ordered to counter-march to Murfreesborough, and report to Major-General Stanley at that place. General Stanley directed me to move out on the Salem pike, and get within supporting distance of General Mitchell, who, with the First Cavalry Division, was supposed to be pressed somewhere near Middleton. I camped within 2 miles of General Mitchell that night.

June 25, crossed the country to Shelbyville pike, and camped at Christiana. A picket of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry was driven in by rebel cavalry. The Fourth Michigan and Fifth Iowa went out and drove the enemy through Fosterville to Guy's Gap.

June 26, remained in camp, with heavy pickets on front and right.

June 27, at 8 a. m., the entire cavalry force was ordered to move on Guy's Gap, the First Division in advance and my brigade in the rear (with the exception of the Fifth Iowa, which was left to guard the wagon trains.) On nearing the gap, General Stanley ordered me to the front. I found the enemy in position at the gap, with a strong force of skirmishers behind the fences on the face of the hill, and a column moving through the woods and threatening our right flank. I deployed the Fourth Regulars to the front, and General Stanley took the Seventh Pennsylvania, Fourth Michigan, and Third Indiana to the right, and drove the enemy from there, and then gave me permission to move for-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 423.

---------------

