
ward. The Fourth U. S. Cavalry advanced in line, while I moved up the road with the First Middle Tennessee, and ordered in the other regiments from the right. Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, with a dozen men, dashed forward and removed a barricade which the rebels had built across the road at the top of the hill, and then with his regiment charged the rebels, who were now rapidly falling back. I followed to his support with the Fourth Regulars for about 2 miles, when finding that his men were very much scattered, picking up prisoners, I formed line and waited their return.

In about twenty minutes after I halted, Colonel Galbraith sent me word that the enemy had rallied, and was now showing him fight. I immediately pushed forward with the Seventh Pennsylvania, Fourth Michigan, and Third Indiana, and found the enemy behind their entrenchments, about 3 miles from Shelbyville, with an abatis and an open space about a mile in width between them and us.

Captain Davis, Seventh Pennsylvania, took his battalion, dismounted, to the front, deployed as skirmishers, and engaged the enemy, who immediately opened on us with artillery.

I ordered Major Mix to take the Fourth Michigan to the right about three-quarters of a mile, push across the entrenchments, and take the enemy in flank. Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, with the Third Indiana, I sent to the left with the same directions. I at the same time dispatched a messenger to Captain McIntyre to bring up the Fourth Regulars; to General Mithchell, asking him to send forward a couple of pieces of artillery, and to General Stanley, informing him of the position of affairs.

Immediately after the arrival of the Fourth Regulars on the ground, I heard the Michigan rifles speaking on the right, and at once moved forward, Seventh Pennsylvania on the right of the road and Fourth Regulars on the left. Captain Davis at same time pushed forward with his skirmishers, and railed the planks which had been torn off a small bridge on the road.

Finding that the enemy was now giving way, I brought the Seventh Pennsylvania into the road in column of fours, and ordered them to charge, which they did most gallantly, led by Lieutenant Thompson (who was honorably mentioned for his conduct at McMinnville, on 21st of April last), and well supported by Fourth Regulars. At this point we made about 300 prisoners. Lieutenant O'Connell, Fourth Regulars (who distinguished himself so nobly at Middleton), was thrown from his horse and had his shoulder broken, and the Fourth Michigan had 1 officer and 7 men wounded while charging the breastworks.

When within quarter of a mile of Shelbyville, the rebels again opened on us with four pieces of artillery, well posted in the town. I again sent back to General Mitchell, requesting him to hurry forward a couple of guns; but finding that the enemy was getting our range, I formed for a charge, but before I could make it, Captain Aleshire reported to me with four pieces. I ordered two to the front, placed one on each side of the road at less than quarter of a mile from the rebel battery, and ordered one shell to be thrown from each gun. At the moment they were fired, the Seventh Pennsylvania, in column of fours, passed between the guns, and with a yell reached upon the enemy.

I had before ordering the charge sent Lieutenant Lawton, of the Fourth Michigan, to Captain McIntyre, directing him to take his regiment (Fourth Regulars) through the woods to the left and turn the enemy's right flank. This would have effectually cut off their retreat by Newsom's (or Skull Camp) Bridge. General Mitchell came up at the moment that Captain McIntryre received my order, and told him not

