
to go, but that he would send a fresh regiment from his division in that direction. The regiment sent by him was without a guide, mistook the direction, and got on to the ground about one minutes too late, and thus Generals Wheeler and Martin escaped capture.

The Seventh Pennsylvania was followed by one platoon of the Fourth Regulars, under Lieutenant McCafferty; the First Middle Tennessee, under Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, and the Fourth Regulars, under Captain McIntryre. There was one discharge from the rebel artillery as were charged down the narrow road, but fortunately did no further damage than killing 1 man and 2 horses.

At the railroad station a party in ambush poured a volley into the head of the column of the Seventh Pennsylvania, killing Lieutenant Roads and [Sergt. Francis W.] Reed and 2 men. On the hill directly in rear of the railroad buildings, the First Confederates attempted to rally, but in doing so they lost their colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and many officers and men taken prisoners.

As the Seventh Pennsylvania arrived at Skull Camp Brigade, the Third Indiana, who had kept well to the left after crossing the entrenchments, swept down the north bank of the river, driving a crowd of fugitives before them. The brigade being completely blocked, these men were driven into the river, where they perished by scores.

Major Sinclair kindly sent an orderly to General Stanley, informing him of our success, and that we had captured three pieces of artillery and many prisoners. General Mitchell came up immediately after. I rode forward with him a short distance, got my brigade together once more, and found that I had lost 2 officers and 4 men killed and 5 officers and 21 men wounded; but we had captured three pieces of artillery and 599 of the enemy, including 30 commissioned officers, while their killed and wounded could not have been less than 200, including those lost in the river.

It Lieutenant Newell's section of artillery had still formed a part of the brigade, I could have entered Shelbyville two hours earlier than I did.

Generals Wheeler and Martin had to take to the water, with the his horse to allow the two generals to take their dip before him, but his doing so threw him into the hands of the Third Indiana.

I bivouacked near the railroad station.

June 28, returned to within 2 miles of Guy's Gap.

June 29, reveille at 1 a. m.; marched to Fairfield, via Shelbyville. The Fifth Iowa and Third Indiana were detached and left with General Granger at Guy's Gap.

June 30, marched to within 4 miles of Manchester.

July 1, returned to Walker's Mill, within 3 miles of Fairfield.

July 2, reveille at 1 a. m.; waited four hours for First Division to move; marched to Elk River, where I rejoined the division. The enemy showed himself in considerable force. The Seventh Pennsylvania skirmished for a short time. Camped 1 mile south of the river, the Fourth Michigan remaining on north side, to guard Stokes' battery.

July 3, marched to Decherd, the Fourth Regulars making a dash into the place, but found that the rebels had vamoosed. Camped 1 1\2 miles from Decherd.

July 4, in camp. Fourth Michigan sent to Tallahoma for rations.

July 5, in camp. Third Indiana rejoined the brigade. For report of operations while detached, see Colonel Klein's report, inclosed herewith.

July 6, marched to within 5 miles of Salem, and went into camp.

July 7, in camp.

