
excellent condition of his animals and the jaded condition of our own, from Colonel Runkle's own report, I stopped the useless pursuit. I subsequently directed the colonel to move toward Lexington, in consequence of reports from Big Hill and the precipitate flight of Lieutenant-Colonel Miner from Richmond with 500 mounted men, a flight which at the time was firmly believed to have been from some good cause.

This order was obeyed by a forced and unnecessary night march of 27 miles to Paris; an easy march of the same distance, if commenced in strict accordance with the order, and continued in orders to have been given subsequently, would have placed Colonel Runkle's command the day after he started from Mount Sterling in a position where it was presumed it would be wanted, and near supplies.

The colonel received my order at Paris to pursue Cluke on the morning of February 28. He left on the morning of March 1, about 1 o'clock. How his men could have been without sleep and his horses without rest during the two days' halt at Paris, I cannot understand.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Major John M. Brown, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH KENTUCKY CAVALRY, Near Mount Sterling, Ky., March 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Tenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, under my command, on the night of 23rd February, 1863, skirmished with the enemy's outposts, successfully evading an attempt to ambush our force. Several of the enemy were killed and wounded, and their outposts fell back upon their main body at Mount Sterling, 7 miles distant.

The only casualty in my command was Sergt. John Beckett; of Company A, shot through the lungs, and it is feared mortally wounded. The other wounds received by members of the regiment were not sufficiently serious to call for the surgeon's services.

The rebels were a portion of Morgan's forces, and were commanded by Colonel Cluke. They numbered 800 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN MASON BROWN,

Major, Commanding Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

[Brigadier General] LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Augustus Norton, Seventh Ohio Cavalry.

HDQRS. 2nd BATTALION, 7TH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Lexington, Ky., March 16, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your request, I submit the following statement of the manner in which Colonel Runkle's command was marched

