
and men behaved in the most gallant manner, doing their whole duty. They picked up several men beyond the river in the pursuit toward Tullahoma.

While being detached from the brigade nothing worthy of note occurred, but capturing a drove of rebel beef-cattle from rear guard of the enemy, on the mountain, on road from Cowan Station to Bellefonte, on the 4th of July.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. KLEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Indiana Cavalry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 69. Report of Major Frank W. Mix, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Salem, Tenn., July 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fourth Michigan Cavalry from the time we left Murfreesborough to the capture of Shelbyville.

We struck and packed our tents on the morning of the 24th of June, and moved out on the Woodbury pike, in compliance with orders received the day before. About 2 miles out we joined the First Cavalry Brigade, Second Division, and moved on the Readyville. Here we halted for nearly an hour. We then returned to Murfreesborough with our brigade. Here I received orders to send two companies with the wagon train on the Shelbyville pike, and the followed the brigade with the rest of my command on the Salem pike. We continued on this pike down to the old Shelbyville dirt road; down this road to within a mile of the Shelbyville pike, where we went into camp for the night.

On the morning of the 25th, I was joined by Companies H and E, under Captain Abeel, whom I sent with the wagons the day before. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon a report came into camp that our pickets were being driven in on the Shelbyville pike. I was ordered to take my regiment and report to Colonel Patrick, of the Fifth Iowa Cavalry. The colonel ordered me to take my regiment on to the pike, and take the advance for a scout in the direction of Guy's Gap, followed by the Fifth Iowa. Two miles out we came upon the enemy's pickets. We drove them sharply for about a mile, when I was ordered to form my regiment in line on the right of the pike, the Fifth Iowa taking the left. In this manner we advanced 2 miles through a dense cedar thicket, over ditches and stones, almost impossible for our horses (and here let me say that nearly one-third of my horses were ruined by that afternoon's scout). We now came in sight of the gap. We found the enemy strongly posted, and they contested every foot of the ground. We skirmished with them for over an hour, and drove most of them through the gap, capturing 2 prisoners. Having accomplished what we were sent for, and it being nearly dark, we returned to camp, arriving there at 9 in the evening.

The 26th, it rained all day, and we remained in camp.

On the morning of the 27th, we were again in the saddle, and, with the First Division and First Brigade, Second Division, moved in the direction of Shelbyville. After passing Guy's Gap, we rode at a furious rate until we arrived to within a mile of the enemy's breastworks (about

