
in the inclosure were captured by the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan together.

I cannot close my report without mentioning Captains Pritchard and Hathaway, who, during the whole of the fight, stood the brunt of it, and furnished me much valuable information of the enemy's movements. More coolness and bravery is not often shown by any one than was exhibited by them during the whole engagement. Also Captains Grant and Robbins, commanding battalions. Captain Robbins, although having his horse shot from under him, was soon on another one, and in the thickest of the fight. Corporal Hofmaster, of Company L, charged into town, and selected a position where the enemy would have to pass him, and, with drawn saber, hewed away at them until he was disabled, receiving a wound in the left arm, also one in the right hand, nearly severing the grip of his saber, and cutting some of his fingers nearly off. A ball also hit his hat, cutting it entirely open on the top. Private Mason Brown, of Company I, having found a carbine, tried to fire it at the enemy, but, missing fire, he immediately changed ends with it and did good service among the rebels with whom he was in close contact.

The casualties in the Fourth were as follows: First Lieutenant Charles T. Hudson, who was acting adjutant. He is a brave and gallant soldier, and never were duties discharge more promptly than were his on that day. He was ever in the thickest of the fight, cheering on the men, and received a wound in his shoulder while charging into town. Sergeant [Charles W.] Fisk, of Company L, wounded in the leg; Corporal [Joseph] Hofmaster, Company L, wounded in the left arm and right hand; Sergt. Charles Carter, Company L, wounded in the leg; Private [Rezin] Wright, of Company A, in the breast; Private [Josiah R.] Lewis, of Company K, in leg; two privates of Companies F and G, names not known. I had 21 horses killed and wounded.

I had the prisoners in my charge until 1 o'clock in the morning of the 28th, when I received orders from General Stanley to turn the prisoners over to a lieutenant of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to take to the rear; but thinking that she had not sufficient force, I sent Captain Abeel, with Companies A and H, back with them, when I immediately moved on to Shelyville, arriving there at 3 o'clock in the morning, where I joined the brigade.

I have been delayed in making out my report for the reason that the regiment has been on the move all the time, and I did not have the conveniences for making it.

Accompanying this report please find Captain Abeels report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK, W. MIX,

Major, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 70. Report of Captain Alfred Abeel, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR SALEM, TENN. July 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit you the following report of the incidents that came under my observation at the entrance of our forces into Shelbyville, Tenn.:

After entering he fortifications, our battalion (the Third) formed on

