
the left, facing toward the Shelbyville pike, and charged the enemy, who were in considerable force in front and to the right of us. We routed and drove them across an open field, but they formed again in the edge of the woods, our line being very much broken, in consequence of the nature of the ground which we were obliged to pass over, so much so that we were compelled to halt and reform our line, which we did in the rear of some old buildings, the enemy keeping up a brisk fire during the mean time. As soon as we could form, we charged again, and drove the enemy toward and across the Shelbyville pike, a portion of them taking the pike into Shelbyville. The balance, which I followed, crossed the pike in an easterly direction. After pursuing them for some distance, I found myself separated from the other companies of the battalion, and with but a portion of my own command, the horses of the rest having given out. I halted my men, and from the stragglers from the various regiments of the brigade soon had a sufficient acquisition to give me about 60 men in all. With these I again started in pursuit, and followed on until we struck the Fairfield pike, about a half mile from where it terminates and is crossed by the road which leads to the Shelbyville pike. The rebels, who were at this time some distance in advance of me, which they had gained when I halted my men (but in sight), reached and took this road, but before we reached it a column of the enemy from toward Shelbyville was seen in full flight, approaching, with the evident intention of escaping by the same road, but had not as yet discovered us. The head of their column reached and crossed the pike before we could reach it, but we charged through them, cutting their column in two, and driving that portion of it that we had cut off from the main body into a high inclosure, from which it was impossible for them to escape, and capturing the entire force, together with their arms, horses, and equipments, amounting, I should say, to 160 or 170 men.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c., very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED ABEEL,

Captain Company H, Four Regiment Michigan Cavalry.

Major FRANK W. MIX,

Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 71. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Sipes, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR SALEM, TENN., July 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in brief, the active service performed by this regiment since the 24th day of June last.

On that day the regiment, in obedience to orders, struck camp, packed and stored all superfluous baggage, and marched from Murfreesborough, Tenn., well supplied with ammunition and rations. I shall reserve for a supplemental report a detail of the marches and ordinary duties performed by the regiment, and confine myself here to the most important events of the movement up to the present time.

On the morning of the 27th of June, the regiment marched, with the brigade, from a point on the Shelbyville turnpike, 10 miles from Murfreesborough, toward Shelbyville. Arriving at Guy's Gap, I was ordered by Major-General Stanley, commanding cavalry in this department, to

