
form my regiment in order of battle on the left of the Fourth Regulars, west of the turnpike, and observe a body of rebels skirmishing on our front. The order was obeyed, and Company A was thrown into an open wood on the left as skirmishers. I gradually advanced the line, and having passed the line of the Fourth Regulars, the officer commanding that regiment requested me top relieve his skirmishers, as he wished to recall them, he having no orders to advance on the enemy. I sent Companies F and C, under command, respectively, of Lieutenant Thompson and Captain Dartt, to relieve the Regulars, with instructions to move dismounted and keep the enemy in sight, without, however, going too far from the main body. These companies performed the duty assigned them well, and steadily drove the rebel skirmishers before them. While advancing, I received an order from Colonel Minty, commanding brigade, to return to the turnpike and advance with the command.

As soon as I could rally my skirmishers (a work of some difficulty, owing to the nature of the country), I reformed the regiment, and followed Colonel Minty toward Shelbyville. This movement threw my command in advance of the entire cavalry force, excepting only the First Middle Tennessee. We moved at a fast trot for 5 miles, when we came within range of the enemy's artillery, posted in their entrenchments, about 3 miles from Shelbyville. My regiment was then thrown in line to the left of the road, in an open field, where the enemy kept us under a continuous fire for some time, without, however, doing any damage.

Here I received an order from Colonel Minty to throw forward a dismounted force as skirmishers. I instructed Major Davis to take command of 50 men and move as well under cover as possible on both sides of the road toward the entrenchments.

The remaining portion of the regiment soon followed up the road, under orders to charge the rebels, who were being driven from the woods and entrenchments on the right by the Fourth Michigan Regiment, dismounted. Lieutenant Thompson has command of the advance, consisting of Companies A and F, and I directed him to charge through the entrenchments on the road, and then turn to the left, for the purpose of intercepting the enemy retiring in that direction. With the main body of the regiment, I went up the road, closing well upon the advance, and immediately engaged the rebel force. Leaving the road, which was covered by other regiments rapidly coming up, I went to the left, and instructed my force to pursue the enemy through the woods, where they were flying thick and fact. This movement proved very successful, my men having crowded a large number of the enemy into a field surrounded by a picket fence, where they captured them ad libitum. The effect of this charge in detail was most disastrous to the rebels. Many were killed and wounded. The number of prisoners taken was almost equal to the force I had engaged, and the field was literally strewn with arms, clothing, blankets, &amp;c.

The advance having come within range of the enemy's artillery in Shelbyville, I directed the prisoners to be take to the rear, and the regiment, which by this time was necessarily much scattered, to concentrate at a given point. The dismounted skirmishers, having rejoined their horses, came forward, under Major Davis, in good order, and I halted him on the road, there to remain until the regiment was reformed.

While passing along the road, gathering up my command, I was informed by Major Davis that he had been ordered by Colonel Minty to charge into Shelbyville. I at once went forward, saw Colonel Minty, and directed the command I had to prepare for the charge. Major

