
C.] Devers, [Thomas J.] Lane, [John] Williams, and [Henry W.] Wasson, and Privates [G. M. D.] Andress, [Louis S.] John, [Enoch] Watkins, Williams, [Havey] Benson, [Wm. H.] Longwell, Heller, and [George H.] Wilcox. Each one of these men distinguished himself by acts of colones and daring.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. SIPES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ROBERT BURNS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry.

Numbers 72. Report of Captain James B. McIntryre, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY, Camp near Salem, Tenn., July 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry since the advance from Murfreesborough:

Pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters, I left camp at 6 a. m., June 24, 1863, and proceeded on the Woodbury pike, following the First Middle Tennessee Cavalry. Later in the day I received orders to return to Murfreesborough and proceed forward on the Salem pike. That night I encamped about 5 miles from Middleton. The next day I moved to-ward the Shelbyville pike, and encamped about a mile to the right of it, and there remained until the morning of the 27th, when I received orders to proceed toward Shelbyville, on the pike road.

The regiment formed line of battle about three-quarters of a mile north of Guy's Gap, and there remained until ordered to advance and support the Fist Middle Tennessee Cavalry, who were ordered to charge through the gap, which they did, driving the enemy before them for nearly 3 miles. About 4 o'clock in the day, when in sight of the enemy's line of breastworks, I received orders from Colonel Minty, commanding brigade, to form my regiment in line to the right and left of the road and await orders. Shortly afterward I received orders from Colonel Minty to send a squadron to the left, to strike the Fairfield road, and cut off the enemy's retreat. Rendlebrock and Wirt Davis, who charge two regiments of rebel cavalry and completely routed them, taking between 200 and 300 prisoners, and brought them to the rear, with the assistance of detachments from the Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers Cavalry. I then received orders from Colonel Minty to move forward and support the Seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers Cavalry, to charge the rebel battery then in position in the town. Immediately after I received orders from General Mitchell to halt my command, as he would send a regiment with horses to the front; and had it not been for this delay of four or five minutes, I feel confident I could have captured all the rebel cavalry, who retrenched to have been there. Company A passed the Seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers Cavalry in town and took the piece of artillery on the bridge. A battle-flag of General Wheeler's command was also captured by Private William Sommers, of Company A. I followed the enemy nearly 2 miles after crossing the bridge, and, finding

