
no force, returned and encamped that night in town. The next day the regiment, with the remainder of the command, fell back to Guy's Gap and encamped.

The following-named officers and soldiers are worthy of special mention for their gallantry and soldierlike conduct: First Lieuts. W. H. Ingerton and W. O'Connell; Second Lieuts. Joseph Rendlebrock, N. J. McCafferty, and W. Davis; First Sergts. C. McMaster, Company I, James Callahan, Company D; Corps. William Tudhope and John Rankin, and Private William Sommers, Company A.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. McINTYRE,

Captain Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ROBERT BURNS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 73. Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, In the Field, five miles from Winchester, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of instructions received, I have the honor to forward the following as a report of the proceedings of the Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, in the forward movement from Murfreesborough, from the time of leaving there until present date. Accompanying the same are submitted the regimental reports and reports of detachments detailed from my command at different times.

The brigade marched out of its camp, on the Lebanon pike, at 6 o'clock, June 24, 1863. Moved out the Woodbury pike, in conjunction with the Chicago Board of Trade Battery and the First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, the latter being subsequently countermarched and separated from Brigadier-General Turchin's command, of which my brigade formed a part. At Readyville, 12 miles from Murfreesborough, I left the Woodbury pike, taking the Bradyville and Manchester road, having at Radyville joined to my command the Second Battalion of the Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. Camped near Bradyville that night, in close proximity to General Palmer's infantry division. Hard rain all day, and road heavy.

On the 25th, I marched out at 6 a. m., going by easy motion toward Manchester. Passed Hollow Springs and halted at Lumley's Stand, junction of Bradyville, of Manchester and Shelbyville, and of McMinnville roads. Three suspicious appearing persons were here taken, one of whom proved a notorious character, and I then sent parties to reconnoiter as far as Noah's Fork, 3 miles to the west, and Pocahontas, lying 6 miles eastward. Courier stations were found at each of these points, and 1 rebel courier captured at each, together with 3 other prisoners near the latter point. Left the Second Kentucky Cavalry on picket, and retired 2 1\2 miles to camp. Wet weather all day, and my train not up in consequence of difficult traveling.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted. See p. 423.

---------------

