
Moved at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 26th, having previously sent back to Bradyville nine companies of my command to assist in bringing forward the wagons. Made a halt again at Lumley's Stand, and bivouacked, remaining till 2 p. m. of the 27th, when I received orders to move to Pocahontas and camp.

Early on the morning of the 28th, moved my command, by order, to-ward Manchester, via Lumley's, and thence southwardly, over roads made by continued wet weather almost impassable even for cavalry. Arrived at Manchester at 10 a. m. From here sent one company of the Fourth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry back to Murfreesborough for train left there. Subsequently had orders to send two battalions to report to Major-General Thomas for outpost duty. Detail was made from Second Kentucky Regiment, and sent under charge of Colonel Nicholas, this leaving but one company of his regiment with me. On the same day two battalions of the Fourth Ohio were detached for outpost duty on General Brannan's front, Major Mathews commanding.

June 29, two battalions were detailed from the First Ohio to report to General Brannan for picket duty.

On June 30, one battalion was detached from the Third Ohio, also for picket duty with General Brannon, this making seven battalions detached from the brigade.

Remained in camp at Manchester till 10 p. m. July 1, when I marched toward Hillsborough, reaching there at 2 the following morning. Moved on the Pelham road and bivouacked.

In the saddle again at 5 a. m. July 2. Returned to Hillsborough, and thence taking the Winchester road. When within a mile of Morris' Ford of Elk River, my advance discovered a squad of rebel cavalry and gave chase, the remainder of their regiment (Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry) moving up brisk. Pursued them to the river, and drove them into the stream, when sharp musketry firing was opened on the advance from the woods on the opposite shore, and replied to by my men, who found the water too deep to ford readily. The enemy proved to be in considerable force, and additional companies were moved up to support the advance. One officer (Captain Adae) and 1 man of the Fourth Ohio were here wounded, and the firing becoming more heavy, I dismounted the remaining company of the Fourth, and sent them forward as skirmishers on the front and left. I then dismounted a part of the Third Ohio and deployed them in the woods on our right. The numbers of the enemy were augmented by re-enforcements form their rear, and they occupied a quite strong position, so that it was found difficult to dislodge them till two pieces of Captain Stokes' battery were brought forward, by order of General Turchin, and opened upon them . This silenced their fire for a while, but meantime they were re-enforced by a brigade of infantry and two pieces of artillery, the latter of which opened upon us a fierce fire with 6 and 12 pounder shells and canister. My main command (twelve companies altogether) was now forced back from the woods. Sharp firing was now kept up on both sides for some time, the rebel infantry toward Decherd, with the tow pieces of artillery. At about 2 p. m. a large force of our cavalry arrived, with Major-General Stanley, and I then, by order, moved forward across the river, the enemy having fallen back from the ford. Soon came up with his skirmishers, however, and immediately engaged them, the force proving to be one brigade of Wheeler's cavalry, under direct command of General [W. T.] Martin. I pressed them back slowly, having a heavy line of skirmishers thrown forward and extending some 300 yards to right and left of the road. My progress was stubbornly resisted till

