
toward sundown, when the enemy were put in full retreat, and we had full possession of the ground for the night.

My entire loss during the day was 1 officer and 10 men wounded. Two of the latter were mortally wounded, and died during the afternoon. The loss of the enemy could not be ascertained, their wounded being mostly carried off. A number of dead bodies were found on the field, and Colonel [James D.] Webb, of the Fifty-first Alabama, was found at a farm-house, mortally wounded.

July 3, I moved at 8.30 a. m., following the brigade of Colonel Minty. Passed through Decherd and went into camp near the town. In the evening, pursuant to orders, sent Colonel Eggleston, First Ohio, with the fragments of the First and Fourth Ohio and Second Kentucky, back to Manchester to bring forward to train of the Second Division.

July 4, two battalions of the First Ohio and one battalion of the Second Kentucky were returned to the command, and on the 5th two battalions of the Fourth Ohio returned.

On the 6th of July, I marched out from camp about 9 a. m., following the First Division, General Mitchell. Passed through Winchester, and proceeded on the Winchester and Huntsville road to a point 6 miles northeast of Salem, and went into camp.

The battalion of the Third Ohio returned to this camp and rejoined the brigade, this leaving my command short one battalion, Second Kentucky.

Remained at same camp during the 7th, the command being mostly employed in foraging during the day.

Respectfully submitted.

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 74. Report of Colonel Thomas P. Nicholas, Second Kentucky Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND KENTUCKY CAVALRY, Camp, July 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the First Battalion Second Kentucky Cavalry, from the time it was detached at Manchester till the time of rejoining this brigade:

Having reported to General Thomas, as ordered, it was directed to report to General Beatty, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, at Hillsborough. Having reconnoitered the country around that place Monday morning, and heard of two rebel regiments of cavalry on Winchester road, marched in the evening, acting as advance guard for General Beatty, to camp of Second Division at Bobo's Cross-Roads, having had a skirmish on the march, in which it lost 1 officer killed, 1 private slightly wounded, and 1 captured. Loss of the enemy (supposed to be Colonel [James W.] Starnes and body guard) unknown.

Next day marched in same order toward Winchester, and 5 miles out came upon the Third and Fourth Georgia rebel cavalry, supported by two pieces of artillery, and had three days' skirmish-fighting, which culmi-

