
nated on last day in a sharp exchange of volleys, the enemy being by this [time] supported by a regiment of infantry, which lasted for guarder of an hour, and by great good fortune had only 1 private wounded and a bugler captured or killed . Loss of enemy, if any, unknown. Captured, first and last, 20 or 30 prisoners. This battalion was ably supported the two last days by the First and Third Ohio.

Respectfully,

T. P. NICHOLAS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Kentucky Cavalry.

Captain WILLIAM E. CRANE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 75. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elijah S. Watts, Second Kentucky Cavalry.

HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION SECOND KENTUCKY CAVALRY, Camp, July 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 28th ultimo, in compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I report with this battalion to Major-General Sheridan, commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, then at Manchester. The following morning we were the advance of his column on the Manchester and Lynchburg road, and camped on Crumpton's Creek, 6 miles from Tullahoma. The day following, the battalion made reconnaissances in three different directions, in each case going about 3 1\2 miles, without meeting the enemy. The next day (July 1) the battalion was ordered on a reconnaissance toward Tullahoma. Having proceeded about 3 miles, a deserter from Tullahoma approached our advance, and, being questioned, assured me that the enemy had evacuated Tullahoma, and I thereupon sent him to General Sheridan, halting the battalion. An hour afterward an aide came up, with instructions to move forward, saying that I would be joined by Colonel Harrison, with a battalion of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry. Having been joined by Colonel Harrison, we moved forward, coming upon the enemy's pickets at a creek 3 miles from Tullahoma. They fled, after firing, and we saw them no more till entering the town. Having arrived within 1 1\2 miles of the town, General Sheridan ordered Company E, of the battalion, to gallop forward, which they did, and were followed by the remainder of the battalion, and soon after by Colonel Harrison. As we entered the town a large body of the enemy dashed out on the other side. The capture of 15 prisoners was the result. When we had been in town half an hour, the advance of General Brannan's column arrived. We next scouted toward Winchester, being one hour behind the enemy's column, picking up a great many stragglers of the enemy, and returned to Tullahomma to camp.

Being the advance on the Winchester road on the 2nd instant, we had a light skirmish with a body of the enemy at mount of Rock Creek, on Elk River, taking 7 prisoners. We had 4 horses killed there. Crossing Elk River at that point, we camped for the night. Being the advance next day, the 3rd instant, toward Winchester, we came on their pickets 1 mile from town. The general ordered a charge into town, the enemy being in line at the top of the hill. The battalion executed the order, leaving Colonel Harrison's command following. The enemy, 500 in number, after

