
firing one volley, dispersed and fled to the woods. Our men kept up the pursuit as well as the roads permitted, capturing 11 prisoners, horses, and arms, without loss.

Later in the day the battalion participated in a slight skirmish, with-out loss, Colonel Harrison having taken the lead, and lost 3 wounded and 7 horses killed. The same evening we marched to Cowan.

A reconnaissance with the Fifth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry Regiments, on the mountain, on the 4th, was the last duty we performed under General Sheridan. He ordered us to escort his prisoners to Winchester, and there General McCook ordered me to take them on to Tullahoma. In the effort to return to the brigade on the 6th, Elk River had risen past fording. The brigaded was completed last night, and I was enabled to report this morning.

Forage has been scarce, and the horses have been almost constantly moving, and they are consequently not in good condition.

In conjunction with Colonel Harrison, the battalion has performed its duty. The effective force, on reporting to General Sheridan, gave an aggregate of 163. Twenty-eight sent for horses this morning, and 135 yet with the battalion.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. S. WATTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Kentucky Cavalry.

Captain WILLIAM E. CRANE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 76. Report of Colonel Beroth B. Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO CAVALRY, July 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left Murfreesborough June 24, 1863; marched to Manchester, by way of Bradyville, when two battalions were detached, composed of Companies G, B, M, I, E, H, D, and K, and ordered to report to General Brannan on the 29th of June, 1863.

I marched from Manchester on the 1st of July, 1863, to Hillsborough; from thence, on the 2nd instant, to Elk river, where we met the enemy. Had a skirmish. My regiment lost 1 man, killed by a shell, member of Company F, named William M. Ball. We then marched to Decherd Station, and camped about 1 mile east of Decherd, where I received orders from Colonel Eli Long to return to Manchester and collect the trains of the First and Second Brigades and Second Division, and report them to Decherd as soon as possible. Whereupon I proceeded to Manchester, meeting the ambulance train at Elk River. I sent the ambulances containing the sick and wounded with an escort to Tullahoma, and the empty ambulances forward to report to brigade or division headquarters. On arriving at Manchester, I learned the trains had gone to Tullahoma. I followed as fast as possible. On arriving at Tullahoma, I found the trains. I at once showed my orders to Quartermaster [Thomas H.] Rickert, who said that Major Mix, of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, was there with orders from General Stanley, and that he was ready to go with him. I then said that General Stanley's orders superseded

