
mine, and that if Major Mix was under orders from General Stanley, I had nothing more to say. Whereupon Major Mix took command of the thais. I then proceeded to Elk River, and as soon as possible crossed, and have camped at this place.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

B. B. EGGLESTON,

Colonel First Ohio Volunteers Cavalry.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division of Cavalry.

Numbers 77. Report of Major Thomas J. Patten, First Ohio Cavalry

were detailed, by order of General Turchin, to report to General Brannan, 6 miles out on the Winchester road. The command started about 1 o'clock from camp at Manchester, and arrived at General Brannan's headquarters about 9 p. m., under command of Colonel Valentine Cupp. General Brannan directed Colonel Cupp to send four companies to report to General Steedman, on the road leading to Tullahoma, and distant 2 miles from General Brannan's headquarters. Colonel Cupp reported to General Steedman, and was ordered to go into camp until morning. At 7 a. m. on the morning of 30th, was ordered by General Steedman to deploy two companies on the right and left of his line of skirmisher, 150 paces in the rear of the skirmishers. This position was taken, and we moved forward about 2 1\2 miles. During the last mile we were subjected to a pretty sharp fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. On account of not being supported properly, the general was compelled to fall back a short distance, when we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of July 1, about 9 a. m., was ordered to deploy on the flanks of the line of the line of skirmishers, and moved forward to the opening in the timber in front of the fortifications, when we formed column and charged over an almost impassable abatis of half a mile in width, over a brush breastwork, and into the town of Tullahoma, which we found entirely deserted. Upon General Steedman coming up, he ordered me to report to General Brannan, which I did, and was ordered by General Brannan to report to General Sheridan, which I did, and was ordered to go into camp for the night.

On the morning of the 2nd, General Sheridan having moved out to the front, and left me no orders, I started across to the Manchester and Winchester road, and near Elk River came up with General Negley, and reported to him for duty. Was ordered into camp.

On the morning of the 3rd, moved forward on the Winchester road; crossed Elk River, and encamped for the night on the Pennington farm. Here, during the evening, received an order to report to the brigade, at Decherd, which was complied with on the morning of the 4th instant. Decherd, which was complied with on the morning of the 4th instant.

Colonel Cupp was taken sick on the morning of the 30th of June, and was so unwell as not to be able to resume command until July 3.

The officers and men under my command conducted themselves, during the time we were detached, in a very creditable manner.

