
We had 3 horses wounded during the two days we were skirmishing in Steedman's front.

Respectfully submitted.

T. J. PATTEN,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Captain WILLIAM E. CRANE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div. of Cavalry.

Numbers 78. Report of Major James N. Scott, First Ohio Cavalry.

CAMP OF FIRST OHIO CAVALRY, Near Winchester, Tenn., July 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the four companies, B, D, H, and K, detached from the brigade on the 30th of June.

I was ordered to report to General Brannan, on the Winchester road, and from him ordered to report to General Crook for picket duty. On the morning of 2nd of July, I was ordered to report to Major-General Negley. The general ordered me to call in my pickets, and to take position on the right of his advance. After marching 3 miles, I received an order for Company K to be sent Colonel Robie. My position on the march placed me in a dense thicket. We had more or less skirmishing all the way to Elk River. Late in the afternoon of July 2 the enemy fired on my extreme right from the brush. The three companies were immediately fronted into line, commanded, respectively, by Captain Kuhn, of Company B, Captain Erwin, of Company D, and Lieutenant Roush, of Company H, and commenced firing immediately, which lasted for about fifteen or twenty minutes, before the enemy's firing ceased. It is with regret that I have to announce the death of Private Jackson Hickman, of Company H, who was killed instantly while gallantly and faithfully performing his duty.

I had 2 horses killed and 10 wounded.

In conclusion, allow me to state that the officers and men conducted themselves with credit to the service.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES N. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding Detachment First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

P. S.-On the morning of July 4, I reported to the brigade.

Numbers 79. Report of Major Charles B. Seidel, Third Ohio Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY, Camp near Salem, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the Third Ohio Cavalry Regiment during the scout of the last ten days.

Colonel [J. W.] Paramore, commanding the First and Third Battalions, left camp at Murfreesborough the 27th of June, passing through Ready-

