
ville, where the regiment was joined by the Second Battalion, under my command. From here the whole brigade advanced into the Barren country, and after a tedious march of four days the regiment arrived at Manchester, where the brigade encamped until June 1. At Manchester Colonel Paramore was put under arrest, and I was ordered to take charge of the regiment. From here the regiment and a few companies of the Fourth Ohio, Second Kentucky, and First Ohio Cavalry, and two pieces of artillery, started for Elk River rod, on the Hillsborough and Winchester [road], where we encountered the enemy for the first time on our march. Here I was ordered by Colonel Long, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, to dismount the greater part of my men and fight on foot, the balance of the regiment to support the battery during the fight. Finding the enemy too strong, and my command too much exposed, I was ordered to fall back with the regiment until re-enforcement had arrived. At 1 p. m. Major-General Stanley arrived with re-enforcements, and, finding that the enemy had abandoned his strong position, my regiment was ordered to cross the river, which was immediately complied with, and encountered the enemy's pickets after a short advance. My regiment, marching on the right, up the road, encountered the Fifty-first Alabama Cavalry. I immediately sent two companies, under command of Major Howland, on the left, and one company, under command of Captain Gates, on the right, to outflank the enemy, which was so successfully done that the enemy, after a fight of ten minutes, fled in confusion, leaving his dead and wounded behind. Colonel Webb, commanding the Fifty-first Alabama, was severely wounded, and his since died. My regiment lost 1 killed and 4 severely wounded. I pursued the enemy about 1 mile farther, when, being very much fatigued, I was ordered to go into camp near the battle-field. The next day the regiment marched to Decherd, where we encamped until the 5th instant. Leaving camp on the 5th instant, we moved near Salem, where the regiment is encamped at the present time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. B. SEIDEL,

Major Third Ohio Cavalry.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 80. Report of Lieutenant Chauncey L. Cook, Third Ohio Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR MANCHESTER, July 1, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance to your orders to me, I beg leave to report the following:

Started out on the road leading to Hillsborough. Found the country mostly wooded and quite level. Found only five houses on the road, but found a number of roads leading off; think they are plantation roads. Found one wheat-field of ten or more across cut and in the shock. Found an old picket post three-fourths of a mile from town. Was informed the rebels had 3 or 4 men on post last night. Left 2 men at picket post; advanced with company to the town; formed men in line, and sent out 1 sergeant and 3 men. Found in one building, I should think, 100 bushels of corn, some old guns, some army clothing-Southern. Did not search

