
thoroughly. There is a reported force of rebels below town, but did not learn the number; think not much of a force.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. COOK,

Lieutenant.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 81. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver P. Robie, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY, Camp near Winchester, July 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry in the advance on the enemy from Murfreesborough:

We left camp on the morning of June 24, 1863, taking the Woodbury pike, which we left at Readyville, taking the Bradyville and Manchester road. We arrived at Manchester June 28, having had no engagement, and went into camp at 11 p. m. Same day eight companies were detached, by order of Major-General Thomas, for outpost duty.

On the morning of June 29, one company was sent to Murfreesborough, as guard for wagon train. Remained in camp 10 p. m. July 1, when I left with one squadron, and marched to Hillsborough.

On the morning of the 2nd [instant], took the road to Winchester, and when near Morris' Ford, on Elk River, came upon a small squad of rebels, to whom we gave chase as far as the river, when, finding the river too deep to ford quickly, and the enemy in considerable force on the opposite side, in obedience to orders I retired a short distance, and dismounted my men and advanced into the thicket skirting the river on the right of the road, where we remained within speaking distance of the enemy for nearly three hours, during which time the firing was very brisk. At 11 a. m. the enemy opened fire upon us from two guns with shell and canister, fearing a stampede of my forces, I returned to them, mounted my men, and retired about one-fourth of a mile and formed line. At 3 p. m., more force having arrived, we crossed the river, and soon engaged the enemy, who retreated as we advanced. We skirmished till dark and encamped. Our casualties before crossing the ford were as follows.*

After crossing the river we had no casualties.

On the morning of July 3, we moved for Decherd, where we arrived squadron, as guard for wagon train.

At Morris' Ford, July 4, I met two battalions of my regiment, of which I assumed command, sending Major Mathews, Fourth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry, with the squadron to Manchester. By order of Major-General Thomas, I reported to Major-General Rousseau. One battalion was detached with Brigadier-General Brannan, Major Rogers in command, and one battalion remained with General Rousseau, of which I took command.

At 4 p. m. July 5, I received orders from Major-General Thomas to

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, reports 1 officer and 3 men wounded.

---------------

