
report to my brigade commander, which I did, arriving at Decherd at 8 p. m. same day.

On the morning of the 6th, moved from Decherd, and arrived at this place about 3 p. m. same day.

I take pleasure instating that the officers and men under my command have in action, as well as when not engaged, done their duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. ROBIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry.

Numbers 82. Report of Major George W. Dobb, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

CAMP FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Near Winchester, July 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

At 11.30 p. m. [28th ultimo], when on duty as field officer of the day, was relieved by Major Mathews, and ordered to take command of a battalion of the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, consisting of Companies A, I, H, and B. One squadron was placed as picket on the McMinnville road, and one on the Hillsborough road, where they remained on duty until noon of the 29th, when I received orders from General Turchin to move as rapidly as possible with the battalion and report to General Brannon, on the road to Tullahoma. Reported to General Brannon, and was ordered by him to report for duty to Colonel Van Derveer, whose brigade was in the advance, skirmishing with the enemy. Remained with the advance until dark, and was then ordered to fall back and go into camp. Remained in camp until the morning of the 1st of July, when Major Rodgers assumed command. We accompanied General Brannon's division to Tullahoma, and to Elk River on the 2nd instant. Remained in camp on the 3rd. Lieutenant Colonel O. P. Robie assumed command and remained with my battalion until the evening of the 4th, when we were ordered to report to the brigade at Decherd.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DOBB,

Major Fourth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry.

Captain WILLIAM E. CRANE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 83. Report of Major Robert E. Rogers, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

--, - -, 1863.

SIR: Monday, June 29, 1863, while on picket near Manchester, I received orders to take the Second Battalion Ohio Volunteers Cavalry and report to General Brannen, on Winchester road. Did so, and was ordered to report to Colonel--, who put us on the outposts, where we skirmished until dark. Had 1 man wounded.

