
Tuesday, June 30, was relieved by one battalion of the First Ohio Volunteers Cavalry, and ordered to report to Major-General Thomas. Did so, and remained in camp near his headquarters all day. The First Battalion was now with me.

Wednesday, July 1, was ordered to report to General Steedman this morning, who put my two battalion on his right flank on the march into Tullahoma, where we arrived about 12 m. Found no enemy. Followed out 4 miles on the Winchester road. On arriving at Elk River went into camp with them.

Friday, July 3, owing to hard rains and the river being up, I remained in camp with them.

Saturday, July 4, was ordered to report to Major-General rousseau. He kept the First Battalion, and ordered me to report to General Branan with the Second Battalion, which I did. Remained in camp balance of day.

Sunday, July 5, at 3 p. m., received orders to report to brigade, near Decherd, where I arrived at 6 o'clock.

We left Manchester on Sunday, June 28, 1863, with three day's rations, and was with the infantry seven days, but they would not or could not furnish us with any rations, so had to depend on the country for supplies, which were very poor.

Yours, very respectfully,

ROBT. E. ROGERS,

Major, Commanding First and Second Battalions Fourth Ohio Vol. Cav.

Numbers 84. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Lamborn, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

ANDERSON CAVALRY, Manchester, June 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following of the expedition sent out this a. m. under my command in the direction of Tullahoma:

In accordance with the verbal direction of the commanding general, I left camp about 3 a. p., and took the road known as the Lynchburg road, leading direct to Tullahoma. I had with me portions of five companies of the Anderson Cavalry, numbering 90 men, and at the out-posts was joined by the cavalry reserve of the pickets, some 15 men, of the Second Kentucky, under Lieutenant Calder. Having obtained a negro guide from a farm-house, I proceeded cautiously, without meeting with any enemy until within 4 miles of Tullahoma. At this distance my advance guard discerned a picket post, and having been directed to charge at once, and endeavor to capture as many of the men as possible, they succeeded is securing two of the vedettes before they could discharge their pieces. The rest fled to the reserve, which numbered some 60 men. This formed rapidly in line of battle, but, on being vigorously charge by Captain Betts with the advance guard, broke and fled, after firing a few scattering shots. The advance was now joined by two addition companies, and the whole, under Captain Betts, pursued the enemy fully 2 miles, and until the extreme advance discovered a force

37 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

