
of the enemy, estimated at 300, ready to receive us. The advance was halted in line of battle, and a reconnoitering party sent out, who soon reported the enemy in force directly in front. This point was less than 2 miles from Tullahoma. As the long-roll was already heard beating through the camp, and the skirmishers of the enemy had opened fire on my vedettes, showing an endeavor to find my strength, and as prisoners reported a regiment and a half of Harrison's brigade, with Starnes' cavalry, on my left flank toward the railroad, with numerous roads leading directly to my rear, I deemed it advisable to return. This was accomplished without annoyance from the enemy, and I returned to camp, without loss.

We captured 15 prisoners, 13 belonging to the Third Confederate Cavalry, Colonel [W. N.] Estes, and 2 to General Bragg's escort, Captain [Guy] Dreux. They are all privates. We also captured 11 horses and equipments and 1 mule (a few of these horses ar serviceable, but most of them are worn out); also 3 Enfield rifles, 1 Colt's carbine, and 1 Colt's revolving rifle. The horses are retained for service in the regiment.

The Third Confederate (Cavalry) has been on picket for some time in vicinity of Beech Grove and Dug Hollow, which places they left on the advance of our army.

They fell back to Tullahoma on the 27th, and know little of what has transpired in that vicinity. The prisoners belonging to Bragg's escort state that General Bragg left Shelbyville at 6 a. m. June 27, and reached Tullahoma about noon June 27. He said the force at Shelbyville, but have returned to Tullahoma. A portion of General Wheeler's cavalry covered the retreat, and now lies between Tullahoma and Shelbyville.

On my return, I scoured the country between the Lynchburg road and Dark River, but discovered no signs of the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. LAMBORN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Anderson Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 85. Report of Captain James H. Stokes, Stokes' (Illinois) battery.

STOKES' BATTERY HORSE ARTILLERY, VOLUNTEERS, In Camp, five miles from Winchester, Tenn.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report operations of this battery, under my command, form Murfreesborough, Tenn., to this place.

This battery, of seven guns, moved from Murfreesborough, Tenn., at 6 a. m. June 24, on the Woodbury pike. When out about 6 miles, three guns, under Lieutenant Stevens, were detached to report to Major-General Stanley. The remaining four guns continued under my command 10 miles, to Cripple Creek; thence to the right, across to the Bradyville pike. Encamped that night at Bradyville.

June 25, marched from Bradyville at 6 a. m. When passing through Major-General Palmer's camp, at 6.30 a. m., ordered to stop and take position behind his artillery. Encamped 1 mile beyond Hollow Springs.

