
June 26, left camp at 9 a. m.; marched to Beech Crossing, and encamped.

June 27, left at 3 p. m.; marched to Pocahontas, toward Woodbury, and encamped.

June 28, left Pocahontas at 4 a. m.; marched back to crossing, and thence to Manchester, arriving there at 8 a. m. Encamped 1 mile north of town.

July 1, left Manchester at 10 p. m., arriving 1 mile beyond Hillsborough July 2, at 2 a. m., with one section of artillery, having been ordered to leave the other section and caissons at Manchester.

July 2, marched from 1 mile beyond Hillsborough, at 4.30 a. m., back to Hillsborough, and thence on the road to Decherd Station, via Morris' Ford on Elk River, reaching this ford at 9 a. m. The rebels met us on the north side of the river in large force; drove them to the river and across. The section of artillery advanced within 30 yards of the crossing, opening on the rebels on the opposite side with canister and shell, they being concealed behind a fence and by the thick bushes, driving them from the ford up the hill, which was very commanding on their side. Up to this time the rebels disclosed no artillery. Shortly after my artillery had ceased firing, the rebels opened on my guns across a strip of woods, by which they were entirely concealed, with a battery of four guns, throwing shot and shell with great precision into my section, injuring none of my command, although the shells burst every time in our midst; but having taken the precaution to remove my horses, none were injured. I immediately directed Lieutenant Robinson to move on gun out and take position by the side of a house on the first hill to the rear, thereby uncovering the enemy's battery. This gun moved across a corn-field into position under a plunging fire of four guns without loss, the plowed ground burying the shot, and went into action. At the third fire from this James rifle, we struck one of their guns, entirely disabling it, causing the rebels to limber up and change position. The citizens say that the shot from this gun went over the battery into their infantry, doing considerable damage and causing them to retreat; at all events, at this time they retreated. After the first gun had been placed into position, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Turnchin to remove both guns and take position on the second hill to the rear. At 2 p. m. I was ordered to limber up, preparatory to a move to the rear. Just as the movement had commenced to the rear, Major-General Stanley arrived with re-enforcements. An advance was then ordered, and the ford crossed, the artillery occupying its first position crossing the ford. The artillery remained on the north side-crossing the ford that night-having been joined by one gun, under Lieutenant Stevens.

July 3, crossed Elk River at Morris' Ford at 6 a. m., the ammunition, from the high water, being taken across in gunners' pouches by cannoneers on horses. Moved to Decherd Station, on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. Encamped 1 1\2 miles from Decherd.

July 4, fired Federal salute.

July 6, moved from 1 1\2 miles beyond Decherd toward Winchester, reaching present camp, 5 miles beyond Winchester.

No killed, no wounded, and no missing; no horses injured.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STOKES,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Colonel JAMES BARNETT,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.

