
Numbers 86. Report of Lieutenant Sylvanus H. Stevens, Stoke's (Illinois) battery.

STOKES' BATTERY, In the Field, five miles from Winchester, Tenn., July 8, 1863.

SIR: As per order received from you on the 24th ultimo, I reported to Colonel Minty, commanding the First Brigade of the Second Division of Cavalry, at Cripple Creek, 8 miles from Murfreesborough, Tenn., with three pieces of artillery. I was ordered to my position in column, and marched to Murfreesborough, and thence about 8 miles, by Salem turnpike and dirt road, and encamped.

June 25, marched to Shelbyville turnpike, 8 miles from Murfreesborough.

[June] 26, remained in camp.

[June] 27 ordered to report to Colonel Champion commanding Ninety-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, at bridge near baggage train, one-half mile in the rear of previous position. Reported, and was assigned a position by Colonel Champion.

[June] 28, remained in position.

[June] 29, ordered by Colonel Champion to report to Colonel Minty, at or near Shelbyville. Reported about 2 miles from the town; was ordered to a position in column, and returned about 4 miles toward Murfreesborough.

[June] 30, marched with brigade to Fairfield, by way of Shelbyville.

July 1, marched to near Manchester; countermarched, and halted 5 miles from that place.

[July] 2, marched to near Manchester; countermarched, and halted 5 miles from that place.

[July] 3, marched to Manchester. Ordered to leave all but one piece, limber of caisson, and extra team. Moved forward with one piece to ford on Elk River, near Decherd Station, when I was ordered by Major-General Stanley to report to Captain Hines, who was present.

S. H. STEVENS,

Junior First Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment' Artillery.

Captain JAMES H. STOKES,

Commanding Stokes' Battery.

Numbers 87. Reports of Brigadier General J. St. Clair Morton, U. S. Army, commanding Pioneer Brigade, Department of the Cumberland.

HEADQUARTERS PIONEER BRIGADE, Camp near Elk River, July 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since leaving Murfreesborough:

On the evening of the 23rd of June, parts of three battalions, consisting of four companies each, were detached to report to each of the following corps: Fourteenth Army Corps, Major-General Thomas; Twentieth Army Corps, Major-General McCook, and Twenty-first Army Corps, Major-General Crittenden.

The balance of the brigade of pioneers, with Bridge's battery of Illinois volunteers, left camp at Murfreesborough at 6 a. m. June 25, marching on Manchester pike to Big spring Creek, where we encamped about 6 p. m. same day.

