
On the 26th, broke camp at 2 p. m. and marched to the entrance of Hoover's Gap, where we encamped at 6.30.

Left camp on the morning of the 27th, at 5 o'clock. The roads being heavy and blocked up in various places with the transportation of the different corps, we made but slow progress with our pontoon train. Arriving at Garrison's Fork of Duck River, and leaving one company to repair the bridges, we proceeded as far as Noah's Fork, near the junction of the Fairfield and Manchester roads, where we encamped at 6 p. m. the same day.

Leaving camp at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 28th, detailing three companies, one in advance of each battalion, to repair the road through Matt's Hollow, Devil's Gap, and the Barrens, we arrived and encamped at Manchester on the same day at 3 p. m. This day's march was very severe on the pioneers, owing to the difficulty in getting the pontoon trains through.

On the 29th, one company was dispatched to repair the road back as far as Noah's Fork.

Remained encamped at Manchester June 29 and 30, with all baggage packed, and awaiting orders.

Left camp on the morning of July 1 at 4 o'clock, on the Winchester road, leaving the pontoons behind, by order of the commanding general, the roads being found in very bad condition, the whole force of pioneers repairing them, each battalion being assigned an equal part. Arriving at the Seminary road, 5 miles from Manchester, which we took to the left, passing Oak Hill Seminary, we encamped at Hill's Chapel, at the junction of the Pelham and Hillsborough roads at 6 p. m. of the same day.

Left camp at 6 a. m. July 2; marched on the Pelham and Tullahoma [road] to Bobo's Cross-Roads, taking the Winchester road to the left at that point, which was found in very bad condition, being badly cut up in places. I had companies detailed to repair it as we went along. We marched 3 miles on said road, and halted at a wood road, 6 miles distant from Tullahoma. Orders were received at this point to proceed to Elk River direct, pushing through as rapidly as possible. A wood road to the right was taken, at house of Washington Koran, distant 3 miles from Elk River. We encamped that night on the said road, near Allisona railroad depot, about 2 miles from Elk River.

Removed camp next morning, the 3rd, to near the railroad bridge at Elk River, where my command is now encamped, constructing the railroad bridge, the Winchester pike bridge, and preparing to repair two other intermediate bridges.

No casualties occurred on the march hither.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Pioneer Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland.

HEADQUARTERS PIONEER BRIGADE, Elk River, Tenn., July 10, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to the order of the general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my command since arriving at this place:

July 3, began to build bridge of railroad over Elk River (Nashville

