
and Chattanooga Railroad), and to rebuild, in great part, that over same by Winchester and Manchester road, and the two road bridges at Allisona.

July 4, Lieutenant Wiswell absent repairing Murfreesborough and Manchester road with one company; twelve companies absent with their respective corps; one company from Second Battalion at Allisona Bridge, and the rest of this battalion on Manchester and Winchester road bridge.

July 5, continued removing obstructions from under railroad bridge; continued to cut and hew timber for railroad bridge, for bents; cut poles for flooring of Winchester road bridge, and made foot bridge across Elk River below railroad bridge. Lieutenant Wiswell reported with company from repairing road in the rear.

July 6, violent rains and freshest carried away foot bridges and prevented work at railroad bridge. Set Third Battalion at work on Allisona Bridge, and the First Battalion on the sluice bridge.

July 7, continued work.

July 8, continued work; Second Battalion finished Winchester road bridge at 3 p. m.; the First Battalion finished the sluice bridge at 4 p. m., and the Third Battalion the Allisona Bridge at 5 p. m.

July 9, Second Battalion marched to a point near Tullahoma and Winchester road, and began repairing it and the road leading from it to Island Ford; one company from Third Battalion at work covering Winchester road bridge with brush and dirt; balance of the Third Battalion at work on railroad bridge, and the First Battalion employed in unloading cars in the afternoon.

July 10, Second Battalion at same place; First Battalion constructing commissary platforms at Allisona Depot, and Third Battalion cutting fuel for locomotives. Guard furnished each day for commissary stores at depot.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. ST. C. MORTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Pioneer Brigade.

Major WILLIAM McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Report of Colonel William P. Innes, First Michigan Engineers.

HDQRS. FIRST MICHIGAN ENGINEERS AND MECHANICS, Elk River Bridge, Tenn., July 13, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters by telegram this morning, I have the honor to make the following report concerning the operations and movements of this regiment since leaving Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Late in the evening of June 28, orders were received from the general commanding for the regiment to repair and open the railroad from Murfreesborough to Tullahoma, and, in conformity with these directions, the regiment marched from Murfreesborough June 29, at 10 a. m. Lieutenant Colonel K. A. Hunton, with a detachment, proceeded down the line of the

