
railroad, thorough examining the track to note any repairs that were needed. Between Bellbuckle and Wartrace they found 2 1\2 miles of iron had been taken up and carried off. Colonel Anderson having been ordered to replace the iron, the regiment proceeded to Duck River Crossing and commenced immediately to rebuild and repair the bridge at that point, 350 feet in length, which had been burned and chopped down by the enemy. A detachment was sent forward to Normandy, and rebuilt 150 feet of trestle which had been destroyed at that point. Having completed these bridges, the regiment moved toward Tullahoma, and a portion of the regiment chopped out and opened 1 1\2 miles of new road, leading into Tullahoma, a greater portion of which was covered with corduroy, rendered necessary to assist the wagon trains with supplies to proceed.

Lieutenant Colonel K. A. Hunton, with a detachment, marched near the vicinity of Concord, on the branch of the McMinnville Railroad, and rebuilt two bridges' trestle-work; the first 55 feet in length, and the second 120 feet in length.

The regiment went into camp at Tullahoma, Tenn., July 5, 1863.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, with high respect, your obedient servant,

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel, Commanding First Michigan Engineers and Mechanics.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 89. Report of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee.

TULLAHOMA, June 27, 1863. (Received at Richmond June 28.)

Yesterday the enemy in large force passed my right after skirmishing sharply along my whole front for two days. The line of Shelbyville being too long to be held successfully by my force, I to-day resumed my position in my entrenchments at this place to await the full developments.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General S. COOPER.

DECHERD, July 1, 1863. (Received at Richmond July 2.)

Finding my communication seriously endangered by movements of the enemy, I last night took up a more defensible position this side of Elk River (which now, by reason of heavy rains, is impassable except at the bridges), losing nothing of importance.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER.

