
mander that the enemy had suddenly advanced in force simultaneously on Liberty and Hoover's Gaps and had carried both positions.

On the morning of the 25th, in pursuance of orders, I advanced Wood's brigade to Bellbuckle. I found Liddell still guarding the approaches via Liberty Gap and New Fosterville. He was holding two wooded hills a mile south of Liberty Gap. On the evening of the 25th, Liddell, supposing the enemy retiring, advanced on the gap; but after some heavy fighting, in which he inflicted a considerable loss on the enemy and suffered little himself, he fell back to his former position. I was now satisfied the enemy was still in force at Liberty Gap; that he had at least a division of infantry, besides cavalry and artillery, so I ordered up three regiments of [Henry C.] Semple's battery to Liddell's support. One regiment of Woods' and one of Liddell's brigade, with the other section of Semple's battery, were guarding the approaches via New Fosterville.

On the morning of the 26th, this section of artillery and the two regiments rejoined their brigades in front of Liberty Gap,and were replaced by a regiment of Curchill's brigade, of my division, which arrived at Bellbuckle on the morning of the 26th. The remaining two regiments of Churchill's brigade I moved up as a reserve to the force in front of Liberty Gap. The enemy kept up a constant firing all day, the 26th, and advanced twice with double lines of skirmishers. They were driven back, and at night both parties held their former positions. I had no ammunition to spare, and did not reply to the continual fire of the enemy except with five Whitworth rifles, which appeared to do good service. Mounted men were struck at distances ranging from 700 to 1,300 yards. During the day the enemy, advancing in overwhelming force through Hoover's Gap, forced back Steward's division almost to Fairfield, thus threatening to cut me off from Wartrace.

At night I received orders to retreat on Tullahoma,via Schoefner's Bridge, at daylight on the 27th, which I did without any loss, although my men were much wearied by the watching and fighting in front of the gaps, for it rained during most of the time. The men had no changes of clothing, no tents, and could not even light fires to dry themselves. Many had no shoes, and others left their shoes buried in the deep mire of the roads.

My entire loss in the several fights amounted to 121.

I respectfully submit this general report of these engagements, for the details of which I refer you to the report of General Liddell and his regimental commanders, forwarded herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hill's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 92. Report of Brigadier General St. John R. Liddell, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, Chickamauga, Tenn., August 1, 1863.

MAJOR: On April 24 last, having been on outpost at Wartrace since January 9 previous, I was ordered thence to take post with my brigade

