
There were 10 men taken prisoners and paroled. One six-mule team was captured by the enemy. We burned 16 tents, a number of blankets, knapsacks, and clothing, about 18,000 rounds of cartridges, 6 Enfield rifles, about 1,000 pounds of bacon, 5 barrels of coffee, 5 barrels of sugar, 4 barrels of rice, 6 barrels of beans, 3,000 pounds of hard bread, some soap and candles. One hospital tent belonging to the Forty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and 1 guard tent belonging to the One hundredth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, were saved. About 80 head of cattle and some unserviceable horses and mules were left back, and are now in care of N. Jones, near Richmond. About 2,000 pounds of corn was left on the ground.

E. KAUFFMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post, Richmond, Ky.

General GILLMORE.

FEBRUARY 19, 1863.-Skirmish near Rover, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General E. C. Walthall, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S BRIGADE, On Triune Pike, February 19, 1863-11 p. m.

MAJOR: I learn from Lieutenant-Colonel [John S.] Prather, commanding cavalry in my front, that he had a skirmish with the enemy this evening near Rover, and that the enemy encamped at night in sight of his position. He reports that the enemy has two or the regiments of infantry and one cavalry, and also artillery-perhaps as many as four pieces, with wagons; number not stated. He desires me to move up to his support, and I shall move at 1 o'clock in the morning-at least to the neighborhood of Unionville or a little beyond, and, if deemed advisable under the circumstances, as far as Rover.

Should the lieutenant-general commanding deem this course inexpedient, the courier who bears this can roach me at any early hour to-morrow.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. C. WALTHALL,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 21, 1863.-Reconnaissance from Franklin, on the Lewisburg, Columbia, and Carter Creek Roads, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Franklin, Tenn., February 21, 1863.

SIR: At the suggestion of Colonel [Emerson] Opdycke, I made a reconnaissance at daybreak this morning on the roads leading from Franklin to Lewisburg, Columbia, and Carter Creek.

I divided my force into three parts: The first, under Major Griffith

