
requires to be properly directed to inflict always severe punishment upon the foe who challenges them.

Up to the hour of leaving, we were in position to throw solid shot from the Napoleon guns into the very defile of the gap, and during the two last days of our engagement we could hear firing southeast of us, which seemed to be gradually approaching Fairfield, in our rear.

This report, I am well aware, is lengthy, but as it involves a candid statement o the operations of three days, I trust its length will be overlooked.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General.

Major CALHOUN BENHAM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cleburne's Division, Army of Tennessee.

Return of Casualties in Liddell's brigade, Cleburne's division, in the skirmishers near Liberty Gap, Tenn., June 24-26, 1863.

[Compiled from nominal list.]

Captured

Killed. Wounded. or missing.

Comman	 Office	 Men	 Office	 Men 	 Office	 Men	 Aggre

d.	 rs	 	 rs	 	 rs	 	 gate

2nd	 1	 13	 1	 34	 ..	 10	 59

Arkans

as*

5th	 1	 4	 ..	 10	 ..	 7	 22

Arkans

as+

6th	 ..	 1	 1	 11	 .. 	 ..	 13

and

7th

Arkans

as

13th	 ..	 8	 1	 17	 ..	 ..	 26

and

15th

Arkans

as

Total	 2	 26	 3	 72	 ..	 17

 	 	 	 	 	 	 120

Numbers 93. Report of Colonel D. C. Govan, Second Arkansas Infantry.

CHATTANOOGA, July 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Arkansas Regiment in the late engagements near Liberty Gap:

In the afternoon of the 24th ultimo, my regiment was ordered from its encampment at Bellbuckle to the support of the Fifth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Arkansas Regiments, on picket duty at Liberty Gap. I arrived just before dark, and found the enemy in possession of the gap, and the Fifth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Arkansas Regiments occupying a position three-quarters of a mile this side, to far from the house of a Mr. Field. I was placed in position to resist the further progress of the enemy. After some skirmishing night intervened, and I was ordered back to Bellbuckle. Early in the morning of the 25th, my regiment was ordered forward and placed in position (near the house of a Mr. Suggs) on the crest of

---------------

*Lieutenant James C. Bays killed.

+Captain L. E. Frisk killed.

---------------

