
enemy for four or five hours, and succeeded three times in driving the enemy's skirmishers from the hill-top and across the field, but was forced therefrom as often by his superior numbers. I drove him from the top with skirmishers; it required his battle lines to drive me. The last time that my skirmishers were driven from the crest of the hill-top I was relieved by a fresh line of skirmishers commanded by Colonel Josey. On his skirmishers coming into action, I suffered mine to return to obtain ammunition, of which at that time they were nearly destitute. And so ended the second and last day's engagement of my regiment.

I lost in this engagement 18 men out of 75 engaged. Total los in both days' fight, 22. Among the killed was Captain L. R. Frisk, Company B, a Swede by birth and education; a most worthy man and a gallant officer. His loss is very much regretted in his regiment and brigade.

On the 26th, I remained in line with the brigade and occupied it in the retreat to this place. My command throughout this entire engagement exhibited courage and endurance such as any officer may be proud of. I was with them in the hottest of their fighting; not one skulked from the field. I never commanded forward but that they moved with promptness. They were careful of their ammunition and cool under fire. Privates J. D. Edgar, Company A, and L. Parrott, Company D, were always foremost during the hottest of the fire. Both of these two were severely wounded and brought off the field. There were many others, whose names I cannot-soldiers worthy of confidence.

Respectfully submitted.

L. FEATHERSTON,

Colonel Fifth Arkansas Regiment.

Captain G. A. WILLIAMS.

Numbers 95. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Snyder, Sixth Arkansas Infantry, commanding Sixth and Seventh Arkansas.

JULY 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments in the skirmishers near Liberty Gap on June 24, 25, 26:

On the 24th, about 2 p. m., I was notified that the enemy had attacked and gained partial possession of gap, distant some 5 miles to the northeast of Bellbuckle Station, where my command was then encamped. I received orders from General Liddell to move up immediately to the k assistance of the Fifth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Arkansas Regiments, then engaged with the enemy. It had been raining hard during the day, the road was in bad condition, and the creeks much swollen, so that it was impossible to move in double-quick. When I arrived at the scene of action, I found the Second, Fifth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Regiments about 1 mile distant from the gap, engaged in brisk skirmish and gradually retiring before largely superior numbers. I immediately formed line on the right of the Fifth Regiment, which was on the extreme left, and threw forward Company H as skirmishers, under command of Captain [A. J.] Griggs, but only remained in position a short time when orders were received to retire en echelon from the right, as the enemy was flanking us with a large force in that direction. The

