
regiment fell back slowly and in good order. The enemy shelled us rapidly and with much accuracy, one shell bursting in the ranks, killing 1 man and wounding several others. In the mean time night came on, the firing ceased, and, in compliance with orders, we quietly withdrew to our camp at Bellbuckle, then 3 miles distant.

On the morning of the 25th, I was ordered out about daybreak, and took position about one-half mile to the right of Suggs' farm, some 2 miles from Bellbuckle, and after throwing forward the right and left companies (under Lieutenant [J. A.] Reeves and Captain [M. M.] Duffie) to act as skirmishers and vedettes on the extreme right, remained inactive until 5 p. m. (the rain falling in torrents during the entire morning), when I was ordered forward at a double-quick to support Colonel Govan, of the Second Regiment, about one-half mile in front, the Fifth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Regiments being engaged on the left of the road. When I arrived in position, I found that the Second Regiment had entirely exhausted its ammunition, and was compelled to fall back immediately, leaving me to hold the enemy in check. My men rushed into action, loading as they went, and with much eagerness engaged the enemy from a hillside under cover of heavy timber, they charging my position from an open field in front with a vastly superior force. Both officers and men acted gallantly. The enemy were driven back in three different charges, when orders were received from General Liddell (who was close to my line) to fall back, as the enemy were about to flank us. The Sixth and Seventh were engaged in line fight about twenty minutes, with a loss of 10 wounded (1 being left on the field), and fell back in good order to the rear of General [S. A. M.] Wood's brigade, which had arrived about the time we were ordered to fall back, and formed on the same position we had occupied during the morning. Night coming on, I was ordered by Major-General Cleburne to fall back to my camps at Bellbuckle.

Early on the morning of the 26th, I was again ordered out, and took position on a line of hills to the left of the road in front of Suggs' farm. Skirmish companies were again thrown forward, and an irregular firing kept up during the day, the enemy not seeming disposed to press our position. It rained hard during the morning. About 10 o'clock at night were ordered to retire to Bellbuckle, and early next morning took up our line of march for Tullahoma.

Officers and men acted well, and endured rain, exposure, and hunger without complaint, being ever ready and anxious to engage the enemy, and, if possible, drive them back from the gap.

The above report is respectfully submitted.

PETER SNYDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 96. Report of Colonel J. H. Kelly, Eighth Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP NEAR CHICKAMAUGA, July 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report as the part taken by my regiment during the skirmishers in front of Bellbuckle on the 24th, 25th, and 26th ultimo:

At about 3 p. m. on the 24th ultimo, I was ordered to hold my regiment

