
August 1, 1863.-Expedition from Columbus to Hickman, Ky.

3-8, 1863.-The Ninth Army Corps re-embarks at Haynes' Bluff, Miss., for service in Kentucky, etc.*

4-5, 1863.-Reconnaissance to Rock Island Ferry, Tenn.

9, 1863.-Skirmish at Sparta, Tenn.

GENERAL REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Henry W. Halleck, Genera-in-Chief, U. S. Army, of operations in the Departments of the Ohio and of the Cumberland, February 3-July 26, 1863.

Numbers 2.-Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio, of operations March 5-August 10, 1863.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Henry W. Halleck, General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, of operations in the Departments of the Ohio and of the Cumberland, February 3-July 26, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 15, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your orders, I submit the following summary of military operations since my last annual report:

* * * *

DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO.

On March 30, Brigadier-General Gillmore engaged and defeated a large rebel force, under General [John] Pegram, near Somerset, Ky. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing was only 30; that of the enemy estimated at 500.

In June the rebels attempted a raid into Harrison County, Indiana, but were driven back with the loss of 53 prisoners.

About the same time Colonel Sanders, with two pieces of artillery, the First Tennessee Cavalry, and some detachments from General Carter's command, destroyed the railroad near Knoxville, and the bridges at Slate Creek, Strawberry Plains, and Mossy Creek; captured ten pieces of artillery, one thousand stand of arms, and 500 prisoners. Our loss was 1 killed, 2 wounded, and a few stragglers.

About the time of Lee's invasion of Pennsylvania, the rebel General John H. Morgan, with a large guerrilla band, attempted a raid into Indiana and Ohio, intending, probably, to recross the Ohio River into West Virginia or Pennsylvania, and join Lee's army. His force consisted of six pieces of artillery and some 3,000 cavalry. This band of robbers and murderers destroyed much public and private property, they passed, but was finally completely destroyed, nearly every man being killed or taken prisoner.

* * * *

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

* * * *

After the battle of Murfreesborough, or Stone's River, the enemy took position at Shelbyville and Tullahoma, and the winter and spring were passed in raids and unimportant skirmishes.

---------------

*The First Division arrived at Cincinnati August 12; the Second Division August 20.

---------------

