
Numbers 98. Report of Captain Charles Swett, Warren Light Artillery.

CHICKAMAUGA, TENN., July 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your order of yesterday's date, the following is a report of the part taken by the Warren Light Artillery Company, under my command, in the skirmishing at Liberty Gap, Tenn., of the 24th, and 26th of last month:

On July [June] 24, at about 3 p. m., while in camp at Belluckle, an order was received from brigade headquarters to get the company in readiness to move toward Liberty Gap, where a portion of the brigade was then on duty, and also a section of the Warren Light Artillery. Lieutenant [H.] Shannon was at once sent forward, I following immediately with the right section of the battery. On reaching a point within a mile of the gap, found the section that was at the gap, under command of Lieutenant [W. P.] McDonald, on the right of the road and in a commanding position. The Napoleon gun was taken from that place by Lieutenant Shannon to a point directly opposite, and on the left of the road. Both guns were brought into action from the positions they at this time occupied. On reaching the ground edith the right section was ordered to move to the rear with it, select a position near Suggs' house and go into battery, in order to command the road, which was done. At dark the command fell back to this point, and the battery was ordered to Bellbuckle.

On the morning of the 25th, the battery was again ordered to the front, and halted at the position occupied on the previous evening. After remaining in this position till 3 p. m. was ordered to shell the woods in front, which was continued from time to time during the afternoon. At about 6 o'clock was ordered to move with a section to the front and right of my position, across a wheat-field to a hill occupied by the Second Arkansas, but on nearing the point designated was ordered back, in being impossible to get the battery into position in consequence of the character of the ground. At dark the command returned to camp, the artillery accomapnying it.

No one injured the battery. Number of rounds fired, 136.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. SWETT,

Captain, Warren Light Artillery, Liddells Brigade, &amp;c.

Captain G. A. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 99. Report of Brigadier General Bushrod R. Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, Stewart's division, Hardee's corps.
HDQRS. JOHNSON'S BRIGADE, STEWART'S DIVISION,Loundon, Tenn., July 12, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 21, dated headquarters Stewart's division, July 8, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operation of this brigade at Hoovers' Gap, and during the movement from that point to the vicinity of Chattanooga, embracing the period from June 24to July 6:

My brigade consists of the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, Colonel John S. Fulton; Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment, Colonel J. M. Hughs;

