
Major [J. G.] Lowe, of the Twenty-third, is also named for his attention, zeal, courage, and watchful foresight.

The movements of my brigade were all made under fire, and were performed neatly, without straggling, and with promptness and precision alike creditable to the officers and men. Captain Darden's battery frequently fired on the enemy's skirmishers after it retired to the eminence indicated.

After 3 p. m. June 26, only a few shots were fired by sharpshooters, and at 3.30 a. m. on the 27th, the enemy again commenced picket firing. At daylight I received orders to move via Fairfield, Wartrace, Roseville, and Normandy to Taullahoma. As my brigade was moving off, Captain Darden's battery fired several rounds at a small squad of cavalry which appeared at about 1,000 yards distant, and then joined our movement, having fire at Hoover's Gap and vicinity 147 rounds of fixed ammunition, viz, 132 of shell and 15 of round shot. My brigade, preceded by the Twentieth Tennessee Regiment, attached to it for the time, moved deliberately and quietly in rear of the division, and arrived at Tullahoma, without any further skirmishing with the enemy, at 7 p. m. June 27.

On the 28th, 29th, and until about 4 p. m. on June 30, my brigade remained at Tullahoma. The last two days it was formed in line of battler on the right of the McMinnville road and in rear of General Brown's brigade, and had heavy details engaged in working on the defenses at that place.

At about 4 p. m. on June 30, my brigade, by order of Lieutenant-General Hardee, and guided by Captain [G. M.] Helm, of the Engineers, took position to the right and rear of our defenses, about 5 miles southeast of Tullahoma, at the junction of the Manchester and Winchester road with a road approaching the Chattanooga Railroad from direction of Hillsborough. I found here at duck in the evening Brigadier-General Martin with a cavalry force, who informed me that a regiment of Federal infantry had passed toward Manchester about one hour before my arrival. The road furnished indications that infantry had been passing, and information to that effect was gathered from citizens. My brigade rested in line of battle across the Manchester and in rear of the Hillsborough road, with cavalry pickets from Brigadier-General Wharton's command in my front and on my flanks. Generals Wharton and Martin rested in my vicinity during the night.

At dawn on the morning of July 1, my brigade, under orders, through Captain Helm, from Lieutenant-General Hardee, left the cavalry in its rear and moved toward Decherd. It crossed elk River by the Bethpage Bridge, and rester about 1 miles south, near the house of Mr. Corn, from 8 a. m. until about 4 p. m.; then it moved across the Bethpage Bridge, and was place in line of battle about 1 1\2 miles in front of it, to support, under command of Major-General Cleburne, Brigadier-General Churchill's brigade. The enemy fired a few shots from their artillery, which passed over my command. My brigade then moved to the left en echelon to Brigadier-General Churchill's brigade. At dark my brigade again crossed the Bethpage Bridge, received order to reduce the baggage at Decherd to 800 pounds per wagon, and rested during the night near Mr. Corn's, about 6 miles from Decherd.

On Thursday morning (July 2), my brigade moved back to the Bethpage Bridge, and passed up to the intersection of the Hillsborough and the Bethpage and Brakefield Point roads, about 3 miles from the bridge. After placing my brigade in position across the former road, I sent, by order of Major-General Stewart, the Twenty-fifth Tennessee to join the Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment, of General Bate's command, and to

