
support of cavalry under General Martin at Morri's Ford, on the Hillsborough road. The Twenty-fifth was detached about two hours and a half, and occupied two positions near the ford, both out of line of the enemy's fire. A section of Darden's battery was moved up to Morri's Ford at the same time with the Twenty-fifth, and took position 250 or 300 yards on the left of the Hillsborough road, on the bank of the river. The opposite bank, as far as could be seen along the river and for 200 yards back from the steam, was covered with woods, in which the enemy's cavalry and perhaps a section of artillery were posted. Brigadier-General Martin's cavalry brigade were stretched along the southern bank of the steam and were skirmishing with the enemy, exposed to occasional discharges of canister, shell, and shot. The section of Darden's battery opened on the enemy at from 250 or 300 yards. It fired first at the position of the enemy's artillery pointed out by General Martin, and then shelled the woods. The enemy commenced falling back at the first shot, and by the time the sixth shot was fired their cavalry had gained the lane bordered by wide fields beyond the woods, along which they moved in column presenting na admirable mark for our artillery, and one upon which every shell seemed to take effect. They were thrown into great confusion, and many loose horses were seen running away without their riders. The artillery retired through the fields under cover.

Far up the lane a wagon train was seen, extending into the woods beyond. They may have been ambulances of a pontoon train. Drivers attempted to turn and move off, but one or two shells exploded among them and produced the wildest confusion. The fleeing cavalry and teams became all mingled together. Gradually the lane was, however, cleared.

The loss of the enemy here is supposed to have been quite large, and recent reports, through Northern papers, confirm this impression. Captain Darden here fired 48 rounds of shell, making a total of 195 rounds fired at Hoover's Gap and [during] the evacuation of Middle Tennessee.

Under General Stewart's immediate order, the brigade, with the Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment, under Colonel [John M.] Lillard, moved about 11 a. m. from this position nearly up to Brakefield Point. About 2 p. m. I was ordered to move back my brigade, with the Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment, to the intersection of Hillsborough with the Bethpage and Brakefield Point road, and to detain in position the Twentieth Tennessee Regiment, which had been left on the road worth of Bethpage Bridge. The Twentieth Tennessee Regiment arrived just at the moment I started to comply with this order, and upon application of the colonel (T. B. Smith) it was suffered by Major-General Stewart to remain behind, with the orders to move in case of any action on the part of my command.

Upon my advance, I found General Martin's cavalry had fallen back to the intersection of the roads which I was ordered to occupy, and I formed my command about 1 miles in rear, across the Brakefield road, and threw forward the Seventeenth tennessee Regiment and a section of Darden's battery to within about 1,000 yards of the intersection of the roads. We remained in this position perhaps one hour, during which the skirmishing of our cavalry at the intersection of the roads grew pretty warm, and Brigadier-General Wharton came up from toward Cowan with a large re-enforcement of cavalry, with which I had requested him to occupy the ground on that side. I received orders to retire just as Major-General Wheeler came upon the field. My command, including the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiments, moved,

39 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

