
FEBRUARY 22, 1863.-Skirmish on the Manchester Pike, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Captain Robert E. Cain, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant David R. Snelling, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Murfreesborough, February 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the picket on the Manchester pike was attacked this morning by about 400 rebel cavalry. The reliefs for the roads picketed by Colonel Minty's brigade, consisting of about 90 men, arrived at the reserve of the picket on this pike at the moment they were attacked, and repulsed them. They (the enemy) captured 2 of our vedettes, belonging to the First Middle Tennessee. Our cavalry pursued them 2 miles beyond our outpost, and citizens reported 1 lieutenant and 4 men wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

CAMP NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., February 27, 1863.

SIR: Having investigated the circumstances attending the attack on the pickets on the Manchester road, on the morning of the 22nd instant, I have to report as follows:A picket of 30 men of the First [Middle] Tennessee Cavalry, under command of First Lieutenant [D. R.] Snelling, of same regiment, had just been relieved by 30 men of the Fourth Michigan, under Second Lieutenant [J. P.] Rexford, of that regiment. Both pickets were in line, and in a position where they could see the road for fully a quarter of a mile to their front. At this moment a few shots were fired, and the vedettes galloped in, closely followed by the enemy. Lieutenant Snelling directed Lieutenant Rexford to fall a short distance to the rear and dismount his men, while he would form the First [Middle] Tennessee across the road a little farther to the front. As the Fourth Michigan were moving across the road, the First [Middle] Tennessee, with Lieuten-

