
supporting distance, I removed the artillery then engaged on the left to a line of hills immediately in our rear and in front of William Johnson's house, which admirably overlooked the entire battle-ground, as well as a considerable space to the right and left. The artillery being placed in position on these commanding heights, my entire force present, excepting that guarding the east exit from the gap and the Manchester pike, was quickly and advantageously placed in such position as gave protection to both flanks, and ability to succeessfully repel any assault from the front. This position being secured, we held the enemy at bay with little effort and comparative security.

At this juncture, an hour by sun, Lieutenant Colonel Bush. Jones, with the Ninth Alabama Battalion, arrived upon the field, under a heavy artillery fire, and was placed in position on the extreme left. Soon there-after Colonel Tyler, with the Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee consolidated, arrived and occupied the ground from which the enemy had been driven in the early part of the action. Major-General Stewart arrived with re-enforcements about sundown, and assumed command. My command-having lost in killed and wounded nearly twenty-five per cent. of the number engaged, being wet from the drenching rain, and exhausted from the fight-was relieved by the re-enforcements, except the Twentieth Tennessee and Eufaula Light Artillery, which remained without intermission in line of battle. Thus closed with the day a most spirited and sanguinary conflict, in which less than 700 men (about one-half of my brigade) successfully fought and drove back into Hoover's Gap and held at bay until nightfall the battalions of the advancing foe. It was a bright day for the glory of our arms, but a sad one when we consider the loss of the many gallant spirits who sealed with their blood their devotion to our cause.

Among the officers who fell in this day's action we have to lament that of Major Fred. Claybrooke, of the Twentieth Tennessee, one of the youngest but most gallant field officers known to the service. Captain [J. A.] Pettigrew and Adjutant [James W.] Thomas, of the same regiment, were dangerously wounded and have not yet recovered. Captain [W. M.] Carter and Adjt. John R. Yourie, of Major Caswell's battalion, were severely wounded early in the action. Also Captain [W. A.] Quinn, Lieutenant [William] Hutchinson, and Lieutenant [John W.] Murphrey, of the Thirty-seventh Georgia.

Our list of the killed and wounded of the 650 engaged was 146, which list has been previously transmitted to you.

Colonel T. B. Smith, commanding Twentieth Tennessee Regiment; Colonel A. F. Rudler, commanding Thirty-seventh Georgia, and his lieutenant-colonel, [J. T.] Smith; Major T. D. Caswell, commanding battalion of sharpshooters, and Second Lieutenant McKenzie, commanding eufaula Light Artillery, together with the officers and men under their commands, have interwoven with new laurels the wreaths they had won on other battle-fields.

I am pleased to make my acknowledgments to Colonels Tyler and Jones for the prompt manner in which they obeyed every order given them, and for the rapidity with which they brought their commands on the field when relieved from the posts assigned them. My acknowledgements are likewise due and most cordially rendered for their gallant bearing and efficiency to Major G. W. Winchester, Captain W. C. Yancey, Lieutenant Thomas E. Blanchard, Lieutenant James H. Bate, members of my staff, and Captain J. E. Rice, ordnance officer, who brought up and supervised in person the distribution of ammunition under the severest fire. Lieutenant Aaron S. Bate, a young man of seventeen years of age, and my

