
volunteer aide, did well his part. I regret his death, which resulted from the exposure and exhaustion of that day.

Major William Clare, assistant inspector on General Bragg's staff, was making an inspection of my brigade when the order from General Stewart was received. He volunteered to accompany and serve me during the fight. His gallantry was marked, and his services of such an efficient character as to merit my special and most favorable comment.

The morrow renewed our association with the line of battle, under the leadership of Major-General Stewart. The Twentieth Tennessee and Maney's battery, under command of Lieutenant [H. M.] McAdoo, which had previously been held in reserve, were transferred by order of General Stewart, and placed under command of Brigadier-General Johnson. The Eufaula Light Artillery was retained on the heights it has occupied the evening previous, and was under command of Brigadier-General Johnson. The Thirty-seventh Georgia and Caswell's battalion of sharpshooters were held in reserve during the 25th, except two companies of the former, commanded by Captain [D. L.] Gholston and Lieutenant [James A.] Sanders, which were ordered to report to Brigadier-General Clayton as skirmishers. Colonel Tyler and Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, with their commands, were held in line on our center, subject to severe shelling during the entire day.

The next day's retreat was conducted in fine styler, free from undue excitement and straggling. My brigade was handsomely covered by Caswell's sharpshooters and two companies of skirmishers from Colonel Tyler's command. At one time they concealed themselves in a skirt of wood until the enemy's skirmishers had passed their right; they then opened such a deadly fire upon their flank as to precipitate them back in great confusion. This incident had much to do with the caution which afterward characterized our pursuit.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BATE,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. A HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Return of Casualties in Bate's brigade, Stewart's division, in the skirmishes at Hoover's Gap, June 24-26, 1863.

[Compiled from animal list of casualties.]

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Aggregat

 	 men.	 	 men.	 e.

9th	 .........	 .........	 .........	 5	 5

Alabama

1st	 .........	 3	 3	 42 	 48

[37th]

Georgia

15th and	 .........	 1	 .........	 5	 6

37th

Tennesse

e

20th	 3	 6	 1 	 23 	 33

Tennesse

e

Caswell'	 1	 3	 1	 38	 43

s

battalio

n

Eufaula	 .........	 2	 .........	 6	 8

Battery

Maney's	 .........	 .........	 .........	 2	 2

battery

Total	 4 	 15 	 5	 121 	 145

OFFICERS REPORTED KILLED.- Caswell's battalion, Adjt. J. R. Yourie; Twentieth Tennessee, Major F. Claybrooke (died of wounds), Captain J. A. Pettigrew, and Adjt. James W. Thomas.

