
from its present position to Tullahoma by the Flat Creek road. Let the movement be commenced at the earliest hour possible to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Saturday, June 27, 1863, at 6 a. m., the general received the following note:
HEADQUARTERS, June 27, 1863-5.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that it is of the utmost importance that your troops should be put in motion at once. If you think the cavalry is not enough to protect your wagon train, leave a brigade of infantry. The enemy is pushing to get ahead of us.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,DAVID URQUHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

And issued the following order:

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

June 27, 1863-5.30 a. m.

Division commanders will detail a brigade each of their infantry to guard their wagon trains, and will at once put their infantry and artillery in motion and press forward.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Cheatham marched by the Schoefner Bridge road and Withers and Flat Creek road. At 8 a. m. Colonel [O. F.] Strahl, with the last of Cheatham's command, passed out of the town, and the general and staff followed, leaving a few wagons to bring off the remnant of commissary and quartermaster's stores. At 1 p. m., having reached Schoefner's Bridge, the general found Cleburne's division, of Hardee's corps, had cut into the line. Halted him until the whole of Cheatham's division had passed. At 3 p. m., having reached the junction of the Wartrace and Tullahoma and Shelbyville and Tullahoma roads near Rowesville, and hearing the enemy were pressing our cavalry at Wartrace, 5 miles off, the general, to portent his flank and rear, ordered Wright's brigade to be posted at Rowesville, in position to hold the road, and with the balance of the command pushed on and encamped 7 miles from Tullahoma.

Sunday, June 28, 1863, at 2 a. m., the general received the following order:

TULLAHOMA, July 27, 1863-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Near General Cheatham's:

GENERAL: I inclose you a letter from General Cleburne, and General Bragg firmly and positively orders you to see that your baggage wagons move on, and that those that break down be removed instantly, as is the custom, from the road, so that the troops and trains of Cleburne's may pass. His safety is now endangered by this unjustifiable course of your officer, and with it that of the army.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

Lieutenant-General POLK [HARDEE]:

GENERAL: This road in my front is taken up with trains and troops of the commands. I am making but slow progress at this moment-6.45 p. m. My rear is but 1 1\2 miles south of Schoefner's Bridge. Some of General Polk's officers (Colonel [D. M.] Donald [Donnell] for one) stop his command, and, in consequence, everything in rear of him,

