
ant Snelling, broke and dashed through them, when all galloped to the rear in confusion. Corporal Ketchum, of Company A, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, called to the men to follow him. He was followed by 4 men of his own regiment and 2 of the First [Middle] Tennessee. These men checked and finally drove the enemy off the ground, following them up to beyond the position occupied by the advanced vedettes. Before the attack was made, Lieutenant Snelling rode to the front once, fired his pistol, and galloped back, calling to the men in the rear to advance.

Captain Cain does not appear to have been on the ground until after the retreat of the rebels. He was going out to relieve the picket on the Wartrace road, when, hearing the firing to his front, he went out to inquire the cause of it. I have ordered that Corporal Ketchum be promoted to the first vacancy in his company, and I have called for the names and companies of the 6 men who supported him so nobly.

Inclosed I hand you reports of Captain Cain and Lieutenants Snelling and Rexford.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Captain SINCLAIR, Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Robert E. Cain, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry (Union).

FEBRUARY 25, 1863.

COLONEL: Being ordered, on the morning of the 22nd of February, to relieve the pickets on the Wartrace road, I started for that post, intending to go to the reserve on the Manchester pike, and then through the woods, having been informed that it was the best route. When I had arrived near the reserve, I saw the guard advancing toward me in considerable disorder, being driven in by the enemy, Lieutenant [D. R.] Snelling and another officer (name not known by me) trying to rally the men. I attempted to throw my squad into line, but could not, owing to the former pickets breaking though the line and causing disorder. Lieutenant Snelling and the unknown officer in the mean time had rallied some few men, and turned on the advance of the enemy, driving them back. I came to his support as quickly as possible with a few men. Having driven the advance in, we could plainly see that the enemy was in too great force, when we fell back some little distance, and formed a line of battle, intending to fight them as best we could. We remained in this position for a short time, when we were informed by our advance skirmishers that the enemy had retreated. We then moved up and occupied the ground where the reserve was usually posted, where we remained until we received re-enforcements from the Fourth Michigan. I then drew my men off, and went to my post. I understand that one of our men was captured. I also heard through negro sources that the enemy had 1 captain and 2 privates wounded, who have since died. I give the latter information for what it is worth.

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT E. CAIN,

Captain, Commanding Company G, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry.

Colonel [R. H. G.] MINTY.

---------------

*Rexford's report not found.

---------------

