
and men, being exhausted for want of food, would be unfitted for resistance, and his whole wagon train, including ordnance and his artillery, would fall a prey to the enemy. It was doubtful also in such a case if he could get the army itself across the river. But supposing he succeeded in this last, he would find himself in the hills of North Alabama without food, and his army would be forced to disperse to avoid starvation. In the mean time the enemy would pass over the maintain, take possession of Chattanooga, and march without interruption into Georgia and the Carolinas, taking possession of the heart of the Confederacy. To avoid all these results, his opinion was, he should fall back in the direction of his base, so as to keep the line connecting him with it all the time covered. He said, "That is all very well, but what to you distinctly propose to have done?" General Polk replied he should fall back or retreat immediately, as he did not think there was a moment to spare. "Then," said General Bragg," you propose that we shall retreat." General Polk said, "I do, and that is my counsel." General Hardee was then asked what he thought. He replied that General Polk's views carried great weight with them, but he was not prepared to advise a retreat. He thought is would be well to have some infantry sent along the line to support the cavalry and to wait for further developments. It was agreed that this should be done, and that the infantry should be ordered back upon the line. This closed the conference.

During the forenoon the following orders were issued:
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, June 29, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM and WITHERS:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you furnish the necessary details from your division to Captain [W. J.] Morris, to throw up breastworks along your line where none exist.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Tullahoma, June 29, 1863.

Captain [EDWARD B.] SAYERS:

CAPTAIN: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you throw up breast-works along our line where none exist; you will avail yourself of all necessary tools for the work. Major-Generals Cheatham and Withers have been instructed to furnish you with all necessary details.

Respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The men remained in line all day and all night. Raining all day and night.

Tuesday, June 30, 1863, at 11 a. m., the general received the following:

JUNE 30, 1863-11 a. m.

General POLK:

The enemy reported pressing back our troops on Manchester and on Hillsborough roads.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

Raining in heavy showers throughout the day. At 3 p. m. the general received the following order:

TULLAHOMA, June 30, 1863.

General POLK:

Have your wagon train ready to move on Allisona by the road south of the rail so

