
Fourth Missouri Cavalry, arrived this morning at 4 o'clock from Fort Heiman, and make the following preliminary report:

On June 29, a. m., a force under command of Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, consisting of 8 officers and 85 men of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and 8 officers and 160 men of the Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, left Spring Creek to scout toward Lexington. When within 6 miles of Lexington, information was gained of a large rebel force in that place, said to be 1,500 strong, and that another force of about 500 men was moving from Jackson to attack us in the rear. Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich concluded to fall back to Spring Creek to avid being cut off. On the march back, we were attacked by a force of about 2,000 rebels at 2 p. m., lying in ambush, who were not discovered until they fired upon our advance guard. Being closely pressed and pursued, and not being able to reach Columbus, an attempt was made to reach Fort Heiman, which was but partially successful.

Lieutenant Grebe returned with 5 officers and 57 men of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, but cannot state the exact loss of the Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry. He left at Fort Heiman but 2 officers and about 45 men of that regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich and Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, are both missing.

It was reported to Lieutenant Grebe that the rebel force engaged is of Forrest's division, under immediate command of General [R. V.] Richardson, under whom are Colonels [Jacob B.] Bifle [James U.] Green, and [John F.] Newsom.

Please refer to my communication of 24th ultimo, inclosing a copy of my instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel von Helmrich, dated 23rd ultimo. As soon as Lieutenant Grebe can make out his detailed report, a copy will be forwarded.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Asst. Adjt. General, 16th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., August 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I beg to inclose, in addition to my report of July 3, the official report of Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and Major Wiley Waller, Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, of the action near Lexington, Tenn., on June 29, 1863, with lists of the killed, wounded, and missing.

The loss may be stated as follows: Fourth Missouri Cavalry-commissioned officers missing, 2; enlisted men missing, 26. Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry-commissioned officers missing, 5; enlisted men missing, 17; enlisted men killed, 1; enlisted men paroled and returned, 7; enlisted men paroled and not returned, 4. Total officers and men, 62.

The men reporting themselves paroled have been ordered to duty.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Asst. Adjt. General, 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant M. M. R. William Grebe, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

FORT HEIMAN, July 7, 1863.

I arrived here last night with 2 officers and about 40 men of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry Regiment and 10 men of the Fifteenth Ken-

