
Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant David R. Snelling, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry (Union).

FEBRUARY 17-21, 1863.

Road picketed, Manchester. Strength of picket, 30 men. Distance from infantry picket, 2 miles. Where posted: On right and left of Manchester pike, 5 miles from Murfreesborough.

On the 19th, the vedettes on the pike were attacked by 12 rebels (all wearing our uniform), but they fled when fired upon. Fourteen refugees came in on the same day. On the 22nd, just as the relief arrived, we were attacked by a force of rebel cavalry, supposed to be about 200 strong (many of them wearing the Federal uniform). The pickets were driven in to the reserve. The enemy pursued and captured 1 man. I am sorry to state that out of a force of 75 or 80 men, there being 30 under my command on duty at the post, and 30 under the command of a lieutenant of the Fourth Michigan, and 25 or 30 under the command of Captain Cain, of the First Middle Tennessee, on the ground, only 15 or 20 made any resistance; the remaining 70 or 75 escaped out of danger, and the officers commanding did not act bravely.

DAVID R. SNELLING,

First Lieutenant Company D, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, February 25, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Minty, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, for investigation and report, so far as relates to the conduct of the lieutenant in charge of picket from Fourth Michigan Cavalry, and Captain Cain, First Middle Tennessee Cavalry.

By command of Brigadier-General Stanley:

WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 22, 1863.-Attack on Tuscumbia, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Charles S. Hamilton, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding District of Corinth.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Charles S. Hamilton, U. S. Army.

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 25, 1863.

GENERAL: The cavalry of General Dodge, under command of Colonel [F. M.] Cornyn, attacked Tuscumbia and rear of Van Dorn's column of Sunday, the 22nd instant, at 4 a. m.; captured one piece of

