
JULY 22, 1863.

GENERAL: General Shackelford is in close pursuit of the remainder of Morgan's force, not far from 400 men. There is a fair prospect of capturing them. It is now thought that Morgan has deserted his men, leaving this force under command of Colonel [R. S.] Cluke. We have all his other colonels, including Duke, who has been the managing man of all Morgan's raids; 2,321 prisoners thus far captured, with all the artillery, transportation, camp equipage, horses, small arms, and equipments, and all on their way to their city. The number of killed and wounded by gunboats and our own force will not fall short of 150. Morgan's force when he entered Indiana did not vary far from 3,000 men, so that his band is completely destroyed, and the circumstances under which he left his command have ruined his reputation as a leader.

It is with deep sorrow that I have to announce the death of Major Daniel McCook, paymaster U. S. Army, whose gallantry and devotion to the cause have been so conspicuous from the commencement of the rebellion. He fell, mortally wounded, whilst reconnoitering the enemy's force at Buffington Island.

I shall in a few days take pleasure in sending you a more detailed report of the endurance and gallantry of these pursuers and conquerors of Morgan's band, as well as acknowledgement of the efficient service of the gunboats.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 26, 1863.

The following dispatches just received from Major Way, Ninth Michigan Cavalry:

SALINEVILLE.

After a forced march yesterday and last night, with almost continual skirmishing, we succeeded this morning about 8 o'clock in forcing Morgan to an engagement about 1 1\2 miles from this town. After more than an hour of severe fighting, we scattered his force in all directions. The following is the result of our engagement: From 20 to 30 killed, about 50 wounded, 200 prisoners, and 150 horses. Our loss is slight. Our horses are very much jaded, but I shall follow as rapidly as possible. My command was 250 strong.

SALINEVILLE.

We have just captured 55 more prisoners.

It is more than likely that the fight has broken up the remnant of Morgan's forces.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

(Same to Governor Tod.)

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 26, 1863-2 p. m.

Morgan was attacked, with the remnant of his command, at 8 o'clock this morning at Salineville, by Major Way, of the Ninth Michigan, who,

