HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTY-THIRD A. C.,Russellville, Ky., August 1, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the pursuit and capture of General John H. Morgan and his command:

In pursuance of orders from Major-General Hartsuff, on the 27th of June, 1863, I moved my brigade, with the exception of the Sixty-fifth Indiana and two battalions of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, from Russellville to Glasgow, Ky.

On the 30th of June, we moved from Glasgow to Ray's Cross-Roads. At 5 p. m. the 1st day of July, a dispatch from General Hobson, then at Marrowbone, stated that 300 of his cavalry had been in motion, and marched to Marrowbone, a distance of 12 miles, by 10 o'clock that evening. General Hobson being the senior officer, I reported to him for orders.

On the 2nd day of July, I asked to be permitted to make a reconnaissance with my brigade in the direction of Burkesville. My request was readily granted by General Hobson, he concurring with and in the opinion that the enemy had not concentrated his forces, a part having crossed at Burkensville, a part above, and a part at Turkey Neck Bend, below. The extreme advance was given to Lieutenant-Colonel Holloway, with a detachment of the Eighth and Third Kentucky Cavalry; Colonel B. H. Bristwo, with the Eighth Kentucky Cavalry, followed, and then the Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Hoskins; the Ninety-first Indiana Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Mehringer; the Twenty-second Indiana Battery, Captain Denning, and a section of artillery, Captain Hammond, and Company K, Sixty-fifth Indiana Regiment. We had proceeded 3 mile with the infantry and artillery, when orders came from General Judah for me to halt my command. I halted the infantry and artillery, and sent a messenger forward to halt the cavalry. Within a few minutes I received orders to march my command back to Marrowbone. The infantry and artillery were marched back, and couriers sent forward for the cavalry to return, but it having failed to receive the order to halt, had gone on beyond the Burkensville and Columbia road, on which the main force of the enemy had gone. The Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Jacob, was sent forward to guard the road, to prevent the enemy falling back and cutting off Colonel Bristwo. Colonel Jacob proceeded down the road until he cam up with Colonel Bristwo, and they were making arrangements to cut off and capture a rebel regiment, when General Judah's orders to march back to Marrowbone reached them. The Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry was then attached to my brigade, and I was ordered to proceed to Columbia via Edmonton. I reached Columbia on Sabbath morning, the 5th of July, and learned of the fight at that place between Captain Carter, of the First Kentucky Cavalry, with a detachment of his regiment, and the enemy; the death of that gallant officer, and also of the gallant defense made by Colonel Moore and his little band of veterans at Green River Bridge.

At Columbia I learned that I would be re-enforced with 1,500 cavalry at Campbellsville. We reached Campbellsville on Sabbath evening, with the cavalry and Captain Hammond's section of artillery. I there heard of the noble defense of Lebanon by Colonel Hanson and his regiment, and his surrender to the overwhelming numbers of the enemy. General Hobson, then at Greensburg, was dispatched to send forward his cavalry or come forward with it. He reached Campbellsville at daylight on the morning of the 6th with the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry,

