
artillery, 100 prisoners, 200 horses, a large amount of stores, including a train of cars and 100 bales of C. S. Army cotton, considerable money, and a large number of mules.

Colonel Cornyn and his command have swum creeks and rivers; have operated during all these terrible storms, and are now following the enemy into the mountains; officers and men behaved splendidly, and all are entitled to warmest praise for perseverance and daring gallantry.

Scouts have arrived from the interior of Mississippi during the last twenty-four hours, and all report the enemy rapidly evacuating Vicksburg. He is moving everything to the eastward, and the talk is that all are going to re-enforce the army opposed to Rosecrans, now commanded by Joseph [E.] Johnston, Bragg having been removed. Price's forces are on the east side of the Black River.

* * * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Major-General.

Major-General HURLBUT, &amp;c.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding District of Corinth.

CORINTH, February 23, 1863.

The gunboats got to Florence and above yesterday. Van Dorn had succeeded in crossing before they reached there. My cavalry have got to the river above Florence, and are on their way to Decatur. The gunboats have several families of refugees and some 60 prisoners. If we had been able to have got the gunboats up when I first reported, we should have done much more damage. Van Dorn, Wheeler, Forrest, and Roddey are at Columbia, Tenn., and Van Dorn's force that he crossed amounts to about 6,000 men and the batteries. Van Dorn crossed a portion of his force above Muscle Shoals.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

CORINTH, February 27, 1863.

There were about 1,000 troops in the valley. We attacked them on the 22nd instant; took Tuscumbia, 200 prisoners, all their stores, horses, one piece of artillery, and one of Van Dorn's trains. They scattered, and y force is still after them. Large quantities of forage have been taken to the mountains. A large quantity remains in the valley. A good deal of it has been contracted for by the C. S. Army, but had not been taken out, and cannot be now. It is reported to-day that the engine crossing at Decatur has been taken back.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

