
his brigade. He had not proceeded more than 100 yards when a courier came from my rear and announced that the enemy had attacked it. Colonel Wolford was ordered to halt his collum, leave the Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry to hold the road, and follow immediately with the First Kentucky Cavalry and Forty-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry. I at once reversed my collum, and, on arriving at the point near Bachum Church, I found the enemy in force. He occupied a dense woods, and old field, and the mouth of a lane through which the road ran.

Our lines were formed promptly; the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Jacob, on the extreme right; the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Crittenden, on the extreme left; the First, Third, and Eighth Kentucky Cavalry in the center; the Forty-fifth Ohio held as a reserve. After fighting about an hour, the First, Third, and Eighth Kentucky Cavalry were ordered to charge the enemy. With drawn sabers gleaming in the bright sunlight, and a yell that filled the foe with terror, they rushed upon him, and he fled at their approach. The charge was led by Lieutenant-Colonel Holloway, with the Eighth Kentucky, followed by Major Wolfley, of the Third, with his battalion, and Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, of the First, with his regiment (Colonel Bristwo, of the Eighth Kentucky, having been sent from Batalia, under orders, upon indispensable business). I do but simple justice to these brave and gallant officers and the veteran soldiers that followed them in that charge when I say that not in this or any other war have officers and men acquitted themselves with more credit or manifested more determination and valor. The charge caused the enemy to fly in wild consternation, and immediately a flag of truce came from Colonel Dick [R. C.] Morgan, which was met by the officers of the Eighth and Third Kentucky Cavalry, proposing to surrender. They were apprised that no terms but an immediate and unconditional surrender would be considered, and Colonels Morgan, [W. W.] Ward, [D. H.] Smith, and their commands marched within our lines.

The casualties were inconsiderable on either side, the enemy losing nearly all the killed and wounded. The number of prisoners captured by my command on that day amounted to about 700, including their horses, arms, &amp;c. Colonel Holloway was ordered, with his regiment and the battalion of the Third Kentucky, to take the prisoners, horse, arms, &c., to the river. The command was then moved a distance of 15 miles to Tupper's Plains, up the river. On reaching the Plains, the enemy was reported posted in a dense woods at the head of a deep ravine, between the forces of General Judah and Hobson and my own. The First Kentucky Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, and a part of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry [Infantry], under Captain Ham, had been ordered to pursue detachments of the enemy. Colonel Adams captured 80 and Colonel [Captain] Ham over 100. We had but about 600 men up, with four pieces of artillery. In company with Colonel Wolford, citizen, we made a reconnaissance to within a few hundred yards of the alry was totally impracticable, and that it would be with great difficulty that he could be reached by the men on foot, but that Generals Judah and Hobson could move up the river upon him. We occupied the only road upon which he could retreat, unless he went directly to the river, which was strongly guard. I communicated these facts to General Hobson, but it was late in the evening, and I cam satisfied that he did not get them in time to make the move. He ordered Colonel Kautz to report to me that night with his brigade. During that night the enemy

41 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

