
passed out by a path, and in the morning he was reported 4 miles in my advance, and moving in the direction of Eight-mile Island. We at once gave him chase, and ran him 57 miles. The Forty-fifth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, having the advance, skirmished with him 6 or 7 miles, and brought him to a stand at 3 p. m. on the 20th, at Kuger Creek; a fight ensued which lasted an hour. Colonel Adams, with the First Kentucky, and Captain Ward, with a company of the Third Kentucky, were ordered to make a flank movement and take possession of the only road on which the enemy could retreat. This movement was accomplished with great rapidity and effectiveness, they having taken possession of the road after a severe skirmish.

The enemy, finding his way of retreat cut off, and being hotly pressed from the front, fled to an immense bluff for refuge. A flag of truce was sent up, demanding an immediate and unconditional surrender of Morgan and his command. The flag was met by Lieutenant-Colonel [Cicero] Coleman and other rebel officers with another flag. They came down and desired a personal interview with me. They asked for one hour for consultation among their officers. I granted forty minutes, within which time the whole command, excepting General Morgan, with a detachment of about 600 officers and men, who deserted the command, surrendered. It was my understanding, and, as I learned, the understanding of many of the rebel officers and men, that Morgan himself had surrendered. The number of prisoners captured by my command on that day was between 1,200 and 1,300, with their horses, arms, &amp;c.

On the morning of the 20th, I called for 1,000 volunteers with the best horses, who would stay in their saddles as long as I would, without easing or sleeping until we captured Morgan. The entire command would have volunteered but for the want of horses. We could find, but about 500 horses in the command fit for service. Colonel Capron, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, who had reported to me with his regiment on the night of the 20th, volunteered with 157 of his regiment; Colonel Wolford, with detachments of the First Kentucky, Second East Tennessee, Forty-fifth and Second Ohio. We also had small detachments from the other regiments in the command. Colonel Jacob was left in command of the forces and prisoners. With 500 men, on the morning of the 21st, we resumed the chase. Traveling day and nigh, we came up with the enemy on Friday morning, the 24th, at Washington. Captain Ward, of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, with his own company and a detachment of the First Kentucky Cavalry, under Adjutant Carpenter, had command of the advance. He drove in the rebel pickets, and, by a flank movement, dove the entire rebel force our of the town of Washington, killing and wounding several of the enemy. One mile east of Washington the enemy made a stand, in a dense wood. We formed a line of battle, and soon drove him from his position. He fell back 2 miles, tore up a bridge over a rugged stream, and took a position in the woods on a high hill just beyond the bridge. The advance moved upon his left flank, while a portion of the Fourteenth Illinois crossed the stream just above the ridge, and moved up the hill in the face of a heavy fire from the enemy; steadily they moved up and drove him before them. Late Friday evening he burned two bridges over Still water, causing considerable delay. We succeeded in crossing, and pressed on all night.

At daylight on Saturday morning, the 25th, we came up with the enemy 1 mile from Athens, marching on a parallel road one-quarter of a mile from ours. One-half mile in advance the roads formed a junction. We pressed forward to it in time to see the enemy reversing his column and flying to the woods. We shelled him for thirty minutes.

