
Major Way, of the Michigan cavalry, with detachments of the Eighth Michigan and his own regiment, and Major Rue, of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, with detachments of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, and other regiments, with fresh horses, had been sent forward by Major-General Burnside. After dispatching these troops, he issued an order placing me in command of all the troops in pursuit of Morgan. On Saturday, the 25th, Major Way had heavy skirmishing with the enemy, driving them before him. At dark on the 25th, the main column reached Richmond. Major Way was 2 1\2 miles in my advance in the direction of Springfield. At 10 o'clock that night I received a note from him, stating that the enemy was moving from Spring-field to Hammersville, and that I could save 5 miles by marching directly from Richmond to that place, and that he would follow the enemy up. The column wa at once put in motion on the Hammersville road, almost midway between Richmond and Hammersville.

At 12 o'clock on the night of the 26th, I met Major Rue, feeding. He was traveling in the direction of Richmond. He at once reported to me for orders, remarking that he had about 375 fresh men and horses and three pieces of artillery; that he hoped I would give him the advance. I ordered him to finish feeding, reverse his column, and follow up immediately; that I would give himan opportunity. We reached Hammersville at daylight on Sabbath morning, the 26th. We could hear nothing of the enemy. I sent scouts on every road, but without awaitvance with the detachment, and also with a part of the Third Kentucky and First Kentucky, under Captain Ward and Adjutant Carpenter. We proceeded 5 miles in the direction of Salineville, when a courier rushed up from Hammondsville, stating that the enemy was moving upon that place. I ordered Major Rue to send a company of his command on the best horses back to ascertain the truth of the report. Within a few minutes an officer came up and announced the enemy at Salineville. We pressed on for that point. Before reaching there, I learned of the fight between Major Way and the enemy, resulting in the capture of 230 additional of the enemy. My advance, under Major Rue and Captain Ward, went into Salineville.

Learning that Morgan, with about 400 men, had crossed the railroad and was going in the direction of Smith's Ford, I ordered Major Rue to return, with the advance, to the head of the column, then on the New Lisbon road. We had gone about 7 miles when a courier from Major Rue announced that Morgan had run into the New Lisbon road ahead of him. Within a few minutes a second courier came from Major Rue, stating that he had come up with the enemy, and wished me to send forward re-enforcements immediately. The whole column was thrown forward at the utmost speed of the horses. We came to where the roads forked. The enemy had gone to the left, and was between the two roads. My advance had taken the right-hand road. I moved the column on the road the enemy had gone. On our approach, several of the enemy started to run. They were ordered to halt, and refusing to do so, were fired upon. Just at this moment a flag came from the enemy, the bearer stating that General Morgan wanted a personal interview with me. I caused the firing to cease, and moved around to where Morgan surrendered to a militia captain. Major Rue had very property refused to take any action in the premises until I came up. I ordered Morgan and staff to ride forward with Colonel Wolford and myself, and ordered Major Rue to take charge of the balance of the prisoners. Morgan

