
stated to me, in the presence of Colonel Wolford and other officers, that he had become thoroughly satisfied that escape from me was impossible; that he himself might have escaped by deserting his men, but that he would not do so. He also stated, in the same conversation, that he did not care for the militia; that he could, with the command he then had, whip all the militia in Ohio; yet he said that since crossing the Ohio he had found every man, woman, and child his enemy; that every hill-top was a telegraph and every bush an ambush. After traveling back 2 miles, we halted,to have the prisoners dismounted and disarmed. General Morgan then desired a private interview. He called three or four of his staff and Colonel Cluke. I asked Colonel Wolford to attend the interview. He claimed that he had surrendered to a militia captain, and that the captain had agreed to parole him, his officers and men. I stated that we had followed him thirty days and nights; that we had met and defeated him a number of times; we had captured nearly all of his command; that he had acknowledged, in the presence of Colonel Wolford, that he knew I would capture him; that he himself might have escaped by deserting his men, but that he could not do so; that we were on the field; that Major Rue had gone to his right and Captain Ward to his left, and the main column was moving rapidly upon his rear; that he had acknowledged that the militia captain was no impediment in his way, showing, by his won statement, that he could, with the force he then had, whip all the militia in Ohio; that I regarded his surrender to the militia captain, under such circumstances, as not only absurd and ridiculous, but unfair and illegal, and that I would not recognize it at all. He then demanded to be placed back upon the field as I found him. I stated to him that his demand would not be considered for a moment; that he, together with his officers and men, would be delivered to Major-General Burnside, at Cincinnati, Ohio, and that he would take such action in the premises as he might think proper. The number of prisoners captured with Morgan was about 350.

Colonel W. C. Lemert, of the Eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, reported to me near the Muskingum River with his regiment; Colonel Wallace, with some militia, a small detachment of the Third Ohio Cavalry, and three pieces of artillery, reported at Washington. Colonel Wallace was sent to the river to prevent Morgan crossing; Colonel Lemert continued in the pursuit until the capture.

It is difficult for me to speak of individual officers or men without doing injustice to others. I unhesitatingly bear testimony to the uniformly good conduct and gallant bearing of the whole command, yet I cannot forbear mentioning the names of some of the officers. The noble, true, and gallant Wolford, who was in the entire pursuit, is one of the coolest, bravest, and most efficient officers in army, and has fairly won, by his untiring energy and gallantry on the field, promotion at the hands of his Government. Colonel Kautz, who commanded the Seventh and Second Ohio; Colonel Jacob, of the Ninth Kentucky; Colonel Crittenden and Major Delfosse, of the Twelfth Kentucky [Cavalry; Colonel Bristwon, Lieutenant-Colonel Holloway, and Major Starling, of the Eighth Kentucky; Major Wolfley, of the Third Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, of the First Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Melton,of the Second East Tennessee [Infantry]; Major Carpenter, Second East Tennessee [Infantry]; Colonel Capron, of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, of the Forty-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry; Captain Powers and Lieutenant Longfellow, of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry; Captain [Albert B.] Dod, Fifteenth Regiment Infantry,

