
commanding company Third Ohio Cavalry; Captain Kinney, of the Third Ohio; Captain Ward, of the Third Kentucky, and Adjutant Carpenter, of the First Kentucky Cavalry, deserve the gratitude of the whole country for their energy and gallantry.

To my personal staff, Captain J. E. Hoffman, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. H. Morton, assistant quartermaster; Dr. [W. M.] Mullins, brigade surgeon; Lieutenant [Ernest] Venillot, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Leavy, aide-de-camp; Captain Frederick Pentecost, volunteer aide-de-camp; and my faithful orderlies, W. H. McDonald, Thomas Blakey, and James Richardson, of the Eighth Kentucky Cavalry, I tender my deep-felt gratitude, for their fidelity, indomitable energy, and valor.

Our pursuit was much retarded by the enemy's burning all the bridges in our front. He had every advantage. His system of horse-stealing was perfect. He would dispatch men from the head of each regiment, on each side of the road, to go 5 miles into the country, seizing every horse, and then fall in at the rear of the column. In this way he swept the country for 10 miles of all the horses.

His depredations on the property of citizens, his recklessness of the rights and lives of the people, while traveling in these two States, is without parallel in the war. In order to accomplish the capture of Morgan, it was indispensable that my command should have horses. We had orders to press the horses, giving receipts for them, to be settled by the Government; yet, in many instances, horses were taken when it was impossible to give receipts for them or leave with the owner any evidence of indebtedness on the part of the Government. In many other instances soldiers not authorized to take horses, whose horses had given out, yet, anxious to continue the pursuit, took horses. In this way, unless commissioners should be appointed to adjust these claims, great injustice will have been done to a great number of citizens.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Orlando H. Moore, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry (District of Kentucky), of engagement at Green River Bridge, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Battle-field of Tebb's Bend, Green River, July 4, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have had a fight with the rebel General John [H.] Morgan.

I dod not move my command from where it was encamped on the north side of the river until Morgan's advance had entered Columbia. I then moved forward to occupy the ground I had previously selected, and had the night before prepared for the fight, which was 1 1\2 miles in advance, on the Columbia road, south side of the river. I did not at any time occupy the stockade, which was far in my rear, but gave battle on the narrows entering the bend.

I engaged the enemy's forces this morning at 3.30 o'clock. Early in the engagement he opened on our breastworks with a battery, and after

