
firing a shot, disabling 2 of my men, he sent a flag of truce with the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,In the Field, in front of Green River Stockade, July 4, 1863.

To the Officer commanding the Federal Forces at Stockade, near Green River Bridge, Ky.:

SIR: In the name of the Confederate States Government, I demand and immediate and unconditional surrender of the entire force under your command, together with the stockade.

I am, very respectfully, sir,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Division of Cavalry, C. S. Army.

I sent a reply to General John [H.] Morgan that the Fourth of July was no day for me to entertain such a proposition. After receiving the reply, he opened fire with his artillery and musketry. My forces, which occupied the open field, were withdrawn to the woods, where they engaged the enemy with a determination not to be defeated. The battle raged for three and a half hours, when the enemy retreated, with a loss of over 50 killed and 200 wounded.

Among the killed were Colonel [D. W.] Chenault, Major [Thomas Y.] Brent, jr., another major, and 5 captains and 6 lieutenants, as near as can be estimated.

The conflict was fierce and bloody. At times the enemy occupied one side of the fallen timber, while my men held the other, in almost a hand to-hand fight. The enemy's force consisted of the greater part of Morgan's division. My force was a fraction of my regiment, consisting of 200 men, who fought gallantly. I cannot say too much in their praise.

Our loss was 6 killed and 23 wounded.

After the battle, I received, under a flag of truce, a dispatch asking permission to bury their dead, which request I granted, proposing to deliver them in front of our lines.

The detachment of 40 men under command of Lieutenant M. A. Hogan, Eighth Michigan Infantry, held the river at the ford near the bridge, and repulsed a cavalry charge, made by the enemy, in a very creditable and gallant manner.

The gallantry of my officers and men in the action was such that I cannot individualize. They all did duty nobly, and the wounded were treated with the greatest care and attention by Asst. Surg. J. N. Gregg, of my regiment, whose fine abilities as a surgeon are highly appreciated.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLANDO H. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington, Ky.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 25TH MICHIGAN INFANTRY.

Numbers 42. Battle-field, Tebb's Bend, Green River, July 4, 1863.

My brave, my noble me! It is with pride and pleasure that I congratulate you upon the great victory won to-day. While you numbered but 200 men, the enemy numbered thousands. Being advised of their strength, and of their advantage in having artillery bearing upon us, their demand for a surrender was answered with a response that echoed the feelings of the gallant little band of the Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, that was about to engage them.

The engagement was long and bloody; charge after charge was suc-

