
cessfully repelled, and, after three and a half hours' hard fighting, the enemy was defeated and victory crowned our efforts. Our brave companions who fell, fell gallantry fighting for their country and in defense of the starry flag; their names, deeply inscribed on the pages of memory, will be wreathed ever in bright laurels of fame, and though 'this hard to part with our noble dead, we know 'this sweet in the cause of our country to die. Although no marble-slab have we placed o'er their heads to mark their last resting-place, although no monumental pile have we erected o'er their graves, yet in the hearts of the people of our own peninsula State will be erected a monument that will perpetuate their names to all eternity.

By order of Colonel O. H. Moore:

ED. M. PRUTZMAN,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

CINCINNATI, July 10, 1863.

Colonel MOORE, Lebanon, Ky.:

I desire to thank you and your command for your gallant fight on Green River. I intrust to you the holding of your present position with your force and the mounted men now with you. Have you any artillery? Your position may be changed by orders from General Boyle.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Hanson, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, of skirmish at Lebanon, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Nelson, Ky., July 30, 1863.

SIR: As commander of the United States forces at Lebanon, Ky., on the 5th of July, 1863, I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the engagement with the enemy there on that day:

On the morning of the 4th instant, I received reliable information that a force, 5,000 strong, with six pieces of artillery, under the command of Brigadier General John H. Morgan, was approaching on the Columbia road, and that the advance was within 8 miles of town.

My force consisted of the Twentieth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, 360 in number, officers and men, a few recruits, under Colonel B. J. Spaulding, and some other soldiers, who were accidentally present, aggregating about 380, and not artillery. Being without cavalry, I immediately pressed horses from the citizens, and sent out scouting parties under the command of Colonel Spaulding and Captains Glenn and Wolcott, with orders to reconnoiter all the roads in the direction of the enemy.

The enemy's scouts were soon engaged and gallantry driven back. Subsequently three other scouting parties were sent out, under Captain Glenn, Lieutenant Hale, and Sergeant [Nimrod] Herrill, of Company C, and remained out during the night. Lieutenant Hale came upon the enemy's scouts on the Columbia road and drove them back to Mulleading from the Columbia road to the railroad, and made a desperate resistance, but being overpowered, slowly fell back to the outpost pickets, where he kept the enemy in check till morning. Sergeant Herrill found the enemy's scouts on the road between the Columbia road and the

