
MARCH 1, 1863.-Skirmish at Bradyville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 3.-Colonel James W. Paramore, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Captain William M. Flanagan, Third Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel John F. Miller, Twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., March 2, 1863-2 p. m.

General Stanley reports from his expedition to Bradyville: We fared badly for forage. The rebels of Morgan's and Wharton's commands made a stand in Bradyville. Colonels Paramore and Long went in with sabers drawn, and whipped them in about three minutes. Stokes' cavalry advanced bravely with carbines. We took 70 prisoners, including 8 officers, their camp equipage, tents, saddles, and some 70 horses, and Basil [W.] Duke's regimental papers. Major [James] Murphy did good service. We lost 1 man killed and 1 captain and 7 men wounded. We found 4 of their dead.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland.

HDQRS. CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Murfreesborough, March 5, 1863.

GENERAL: On Sunday, the 1st of March, I conducted a foraging train of 400 wagons on the Bradyville pike as far as the village of Bradyville. The escort consisted of a part of the three brigades of cavalry at this place and one brigade (Miller's) of infantry. The advance was composed of the First Middle Tennessee Cavalry and the Third and Fourth Ohio Cavalry. I directed the advance myself, placing the infantry in the center, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry on the exposed flank of the train, and Colonel Minty's command as rear guard. Two miles from the village we drove the enemy's pickets in, and, pressing upon them, soon found them disposed to make a stout resistance. The Tennessee regiment soon became engaged, and were on the point of falling back, when the two Ohio regiments coming up, immediately charged the enemy in front and flank, routing him, and sending his men and horses flying in all directions over the rugged hills.

5 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

