
the gallant conduct of the officers and men under my command on that trying occasion.

Major T. B. Waller, who has been for some time past in command of the Twentieth Kentucky, deserves great credit for his prompt and faithful execution of orders, and his officer like and skillful management of the men under his command has added new laurels to those already won upon other fields of battle.

I would also commend Captain Parrish, of Company A; Lieutenant Denny, commanding Company B (Captain Trebein being absent under orders); Captain Musselman, of Company D; Captain Brennan, of Company E; Captain Dunn, of Company F; Captain Gapen, of Company G; Captain Glenn, of Company H, Captain Mcleod, of Company I; Captain West, of Company K, and Lieutenants Attersall, Northcutt, Cole, Thornbrough, and Sternberg, all of the Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, for their soldierly conduct. They were constantly at their posts, calmly directing and controlling their men, and by their examples of courage and daring stimulated them to deeds of desperate heroism. Captain Wolcott, Lieutenants Hale and Young, of the Twentieth Kentucky, and Lieutenant Bratton, of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, who defended a portion of the town; Lieutenant [D. T.] Buckner, acting quartermaster, and who acted as my aide on the occasion, and Lieutenant Lloyd, in charge of a scouting party, acted nobly, and gave another proof that they could be trusted as soldiers under the severest ordeal. Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, of the Thirty-seventh Kentucky; Captain [J. F.] Huber, commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Hammer, of the Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, voluntarily entered the conflict, fought gallantry, and shared the fate of the little garrison.

I am under obligations to Adjutant McCampbell, acting post adjutant, for his valuable assistance and gallant conduct. For twenty hours previous to the engagement he was almost constantly in his saddle, and discharged the arduous duties of his position with fearless bravery and an intelligence that shows him an officer of high merit, and destined to gain honor and distinction with his countrymen.

Dr. [John C.] Welch, surgeon, and Dr. [Prior N.] Norton, assistant surgeon, of the Twentieth Kentucky, not only discharged the duties of their positions, but also rendered great assistance to me by fearlessly bearing orders over the field, exposing themselves without hesitation in the thickest of the fight. But while credit is due to the officers, the non-commissioned officers and privates deserve greater praise for their meritorious behavior throughout the engagement. The position of the private soldier upon the field of battle is one of greatest danger, with far less assurance of reward; and the display of such obstinate courage and daring is truly an evidence of real bravery and the highest patriotism. That less than 400 men, seeing a desperate and cruel enemy advancing upon them with more than ten times their number, should have awaited the attack, and with such calmness for seven hours resisted the serried host, with such obstinate determination never to yield, is an exhibition of heroism rarely equaled and never surpassed in the world's history. To them especially do I tender my thanks for their chivalrous conduct and my sympathy for the loss and sufferings of their brave comrades who fell in that trying conflict or were cowardly murdered after the surrender.

Be of good cheer, brave soldiers! a great and just people will surely reward you, and upon other fields the remembrance of Lebanon will encourage you to even greater deeds of valor. After this little force had held out so long against such overwhelming numbers, and so richly deserved to be relieved and saved the humiliation of surrendering to a

