
citizens (secessionists even crying "Shame! shame!" I had scarcely arrived at the stables, however, ere flag of truce was sent me demanding an unconditional surrender. I told the bearer of the flag I had laid down my arms; General Morgan could treat me as a prisoner of war or satisfy his thirst for slaughter, just as he chose. Colonel [R. C.] Morgan them told me I should be treated as a prisoner of war, althrought I did not deserve it on account of my foolish and stubborn resistance. This promise was fulfilled by taking the hats and boots of my men while following the body of their dead comrade to the grave, and making prisoners of Lieutenants Watts and Hines, after being properly paroled. Even my own belt was demanded of me by Morgen's assistant adjutant-general, Captain J. H. Green.

The gallant Lieutenant Hines is yet in the hands of the enemy, who threaten to hand him, his only offense being devotedly attached to the Union, and having acted in the capacity of a grand muzzle for loudmouthed secessionists in and above Bardstown, his home.

To the loyal ladies and gentleman of Bardstown I am under a great many obligation for their kindness to my jaded and worn-out soldiers. The presence of rebel hordes could not keep them from waning their handkerchiefs at my brave fellows in appreciation of their long resistance, and the latter, particularly Drs. Newman and McCown, furnished me by signs with all the information it was possible to convey.

As for my men, all I have to say it that having myself menthe Confederate forces in eight fields, never did I witness such excellent dash in the field, such coolness under fire, nor such patience during the weary twenty-four hours that every man of my little band displayed while cooper up in that stable, surrounded, they were by yelling hosts of rebels. Even the marauding chief himself (Morgan) could not help complimenting the 25 "damned Yankees", who detained him twenty-four hours.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SULLIVAN,

Lieutenant Fort U. S. Cavalry, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

Numbers 6. Report of Major Israel N. Stiles, Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, of skirmish at Shepherdsville, Ky.

STOCKADE AT SALT RIVER BRIDGE,

Shepherdsville, Ky., July 20, 1863.

SIR: I deem it proper to submit the following report:

On the 6th instant the enemy in force, under John [H.] Norgan, appeared at Bardstown, moving in the direction of this place. Having no doubt of his intention to attempt the destruction of the brigade over Salt River at this place, and desiring to make every arrangement possible for a successful defense of the same, and having no means of communicating with the necessary time with lieutenant-colonel commanding the regiment, who was at New Haven, I applied by telegraph directly to General Boyle fort artillerists enough to work the 12 pounder gun here, and also for leave to order Captain [d.] Morris, with his company, which

