
was at the stockade above, to join me at once. General Boyle responded to my request by sending Lieutenant [W. H.] Brown, Sixth Michigan Battery, with 10 men, to work the artillery, and by ordering Captain Morris by telegraph to join me immediately, which he did with one half his company, the other half, under command of Lieutenant [W. F.] Henderson, being at another stockade, some 3 miles above. Captain Morris was closely followed by the enemy, and kept up a running field He reached me about dark, with a loss of 2 men taken prisoners. This force, added to that already with me, gave me about 115 men and 4 commissioned officers. With this force, and the advantage of my position, I field confident of my ability to at least occupy the attention of the enemy sufficient long for our forces, which I field sure must be close upon his rear, to engaged him. During the night he was near enough for us hear the shouts of his men. Morning found General Hobson's force so close upon his rear that he left precipitately in the direction of Brandenburg without making at attack upon us.

In the mean time Lieutenant Handersom placed his men on the train on his way to join me near Bardstown Junction. The train was surrounded and stopped by the enemy, and a general system of plundering and pillage commenced. Lieutenant Henderson formed his little band (about 30 men) in line of battle, and boldly charged thought the enemy's ranks, killing 2 (whose bodies have since been found), wounding several, and reached me the next morning, with a loss of only 3 men prisoners Several officers, passengers on the train, failed to make their escape and were taken prisoners.

I deem the conduct of Lieutenant Henderson and his men on this occasion as very praiseworthy, and that of the lieutenant especially as worthy of special mention, as a brave boy and good officer. The conduct of Lieutenant Brown, and the other officers and men under my command, was such as gave me confidence in my ability to do what you expected me to do, to defend the brigade "though attacked by Morgan's whole force,"

Very respectfully,

I. N. STILES,

Major Sixty-third Indiana, Commanding Salt River Brigade.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Judah, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.
HDQRS. JUDAH'S (3RD) DIVISION, 32nd ARMY CORPS,Glasgow, Ky., July 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith, direct, a copy of my official report of the operations of the forces under my immediate command, recently opposed to these under the rebel General John H. Morgan.

I send this copy direct, as the major-general commanding the department desired me to forward it as expeditiously as possible. I also transmit

