
by same mail the original report, through the proper channel, corps headquarters.

Having been maliciously and falsely charged with neglect of duty by some writer, in an article with appeared in a Louisville newspaper, I respectfully request permission to place my report in the hands of the journal referred to, for publication, whenever the major-general Commanding the department can accord me the privilege.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

h. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. JUDAH'S (3RD) DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS,Glasgow, Ky., July 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division, and a portion of it under my immediate personal command, resulting in the defeat, dispersion, and capture of the rebel forces under Major General John H. Morgan:

Learning of the 22nd of June that the enemy was approaching Charthage, Tenn. (the United States forces at that point constituting a portion of my command), I moved from Glasgow, Ky., with the First Brigade of my division, to Scottsville, for the purpose of checking his advance into Kentucky, or of attacking him, if he afforded me an opportunity, in the vicinity of Carthage or Gallatin. The enemy suddenly fell back, and from the best information I could derive, was moving toward Celina and Burkesville. I immediately moved my First Brigade to Tompkinsville, and my Second Brigade to Marrowgone, two points which effectually covered all the approaches into any portion of Kentucky lying south and west of Columbia. General Shackelford's brigade, which had reported to me by your orders, I posted at Ray's Cross-Roads or Paces, appoint from which it could readily re-enforce either of the brigades of my division, as might to necessary. The road to Columbia was necessarily left to other forces to protect, as I advised you by telegraph, and my dispositions were approved by yourself.

On the 3rd instant a portion of general Morgan's forces attempted to force the position at Marrowbone, held by my Second Brigade, under Brigade-General Hobson, and were handsomely repulsed. I reached that point early on the succeeding day, and determined to attack the enemy at Burkesville with my entire division on the succeeding morning, moving up my First Brigade, under-General Manson, during the night for that purpose. Before the necessary orders could be given, word was received from the front that the enemy had disappeared and taken the Columbia road. Although I had every reason to apprehend resistance to his advance at Columbia, from other United States forces from Jamestown or other points, I dispatched General Shackelford with his brigade within half an hour in the direction of Columbia, having previously re-enforced him by the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry from my division.

On the ensuing morning, ad as soon as it could possibly move, I started General hobson's brigade in the same direction, with discretion to move according to circumstances. From this period these two forces were merged into an in dependent command under Brigadier General E. H. Hobson, whose report will cover its operations up to the 19th instant.

Before leaving Marrowhone, I ordered the First Brigade, under Brigadier-General Manson, from Tompkinsville to Glasgow, proceeding there

