
Kise, [D. W. H.] Day, and [John E.] McGowan; Lieutenant [Henry T.] Bissell and Price,and medical director, Sugeon [John T.] Kimbly, of my regular staff, were al active in the performance of their appropriate staff duties.

I cannot close this report without adverting to the gallant conduct of the Home Guards of Major Country, under Captains Smith and Hoston. They persistently annoyed the enemy for a distance of from 8 to 10 miles by a desultory fire, which harassed him much and materially interfered with his procurement of supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, &amp;c.

GREENSBURG, September -, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the pursuit and capture of the rebel forces under command of Brigadier General John [H.] Morgan:

on the 6th day of July, at 1.30 p. m., I arrived at Lebanon, Ky., with my command, the Ninth and Twelfth Regiments of Kentucky Cavalry; also the command of Brigadier-General Shackelford, consisting of the Eighth Regiment and a battalion of the Third Kentucky Cavalry and one section of the Twenty-second Indiana Battery. Soon after my arrival, the First Kentucky Cavalry, Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Second Ohio cavalry, Seventh Ohio Mounted Infantry, and a battery of four mountain howitzers, under the command of Colonel F. Wolford, entered the place, having marched from Somerset.

Immediately after my arrival, I received the following dispatch:

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 6-4.30 p. m.

General HOBSON:

It is reported that a small portion of Morgan's command was at Harrodsburg this morning, but the main body went from Springfield in the direction of Bardstown. Your will combine the commands of General Sheckelford and Colonel Wolford, and after ascertain as near as possible the direction of General Morgan's route, you will endeavor to overtake him or cut him off. Please telegraph at once composition of your own brigade, and also that of Shackelford and Wolford. You are authorized to subsist your command upon the country, and impress the necessary horses to replace the broken-down ones. This should be done in a regular way. Morgan ought to be broken to pieces before he gets out to the State. Answer at once.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

in compliance with the above ordered, I assumed command of all the forces, numbering about 2,500 men. The rebels, after destroying the depot and m,any other public and private buildings, left in the direction of Bardstown on the evening of the 5th instant. I left in pursuit at 5 p. m. of the 6th, reaching Bardstown about 7 a. m. of the 7th. From Bardstown the enemy took the Shepherdsville road. I followed

