
without halting. At Brown's tan-yard, I ascertained that Morgan had gone to Bardstown Junction, on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. I took a road leading to the place, arriving about 5 p. m. Here I was obliged to halt for the purpose of obtaining rations for my command, as it was impossible to find subsistence in the country. During the night a train was sent from Louisville with supplies. At this place the enemy captured a train of cars, destroying the united States mail and robbing the express company's safe, after which the train was allowed to return to Elizabethtown. They also attempted to destroyed a brigade over a small steam, but were unsuccessful. From this point I communicated with Brigadier-General Boyle, commanding District of Kentucky, advising him of the move Morgan toward Brandenburg,and requested that a gunboat be sent to that place to prevent him crossing the river into indiana. As soon as rations were issued, the pursuit was continued.

About 7 p. m. of the 8th, I received information that Morgan had captured two boats, and was crossing his command into Indiana; also that a gunboat and transports with troops were at Rock Haven. I halted my command at the forks of the road landing to Branburg and Rock Haven, 12 miles distant from the formed and 3 miles from the latter, and went to Rock haven to communicate with the officer in command, intending, if I could received the co-operation of the gunboat and troops to make a night attack upon the enemy; but upon my arrival found that the boats had gone to the month of Salt River, distant 20 miles. The night being very dark, and my troops very much fatigued, I did not deem it prudent to attack the enemy with my forces alone, as this point is capable of defense by a small force against vastly superior numbers. At an early hour of the morning, I moved forward, entering the place about 7 o'clock, the enemy having succeeded in crossing the river the night before. I found the steamer John T. McCombs, which I immediately dispatched to Louisville for transports. The steamer Alkice dean was upon eh opposite side, in flames, having been fired by the enemy. In the evening transports arrived, and I succeeded in crossing my command by 2 o'clock Friday morning, the 10th instant. At daylight I followed in the direction of Corydon. On the way i passed the ruins of a farmhouse and flouring-mill, which were burned by the rebels. Passing Corydon, I arrived at Salem ont he morning of Saturday, July 11. After destroying the railroad depot and robbing the stores, the enemy left, moving toward Madison, via Lexington, which latter place my advance reached about 8 o'clock in the evening. Here he again changed his course, moving north toward Vernon. Upon consultation with the brigade commandeers, it was deemed best to halt for the night or feed send rest. The enemy,leaning of the Federal force at Vernon, threatened the place with a small portion of his command, while the balance were moving of Versailles. On Sunday, I moved to within a mile of Versailles, and halted to feed. From Versailles I marched to Harrison, on the State line between Indiana and Ohio, my advance arriving about dark, The enemy crossed the Whitewater River at this place, burning the bridge, about an hour before my advance arrived. The rear of my command did not arrive until morning, being detained in getting the artillery over the hills and fording the river. I pushed forward the next morning, arriving at Glendale about noon, where I received an other from headquartersto await further orders at that place. About 3 p. m. I received an order move forward. The column was immediately put in motion, halting for the night at Newberry, to feed and rest.

Early in the morning to Batavia, entering the town about 9 a. m. Through the ignorance of my guide, I was taken 5 miles out of

