
The result of the affair was the killing of 4 of the enemy-as nearly as I could ascertain, not less than 20 were wounded-and the taking of 83 prisoners. We captured two wagon-loads of saddles of a rough pattern (all new), one wagon-load of picket rope, some bacon, corn, and meal, and in all 70 horses and mules. The animals were poor.

The inclosed reports of Colonels Paramore and Long will give you the particulars; also the lists of killed and wounded. See also the report of Captain Flanagan. Major Murphy, First Middle Tennessee, is absent; his report has not been received. He behaved very gallantly, and had a bullet cut the hair of his head. Captain [R. P.] Rifenberrick, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, is highly commended for his bravery. I am sorry to say this valuable officer received a painful and, it is feared, dangerous wound. All these officers, and, indeed, others not mentioned, who engaged in the fight, are commended to the commanding general. These little affairs, though not important in results, often show the character of officers and troops more than great battles.

The promptness with which Colonels Paramore and Long drew pistols and sabers and rushed upon an enemy sheltered behind houses, trees, and rocks, an enemy outnumbering the troops on our side engaged, or which the enemy could see, illustrates more strongly than any remarks I can add to their soldierly qualities.

The report of Major Murphy and the list (4) of wounded in the First Middle Tennessee Regiment will be sent when received.

Your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The enemy's force was part of the brigades of Morgan and Wharton. The regimental papers, as well as their possessor, the adjutant of Duke's rebel regiment, were captured.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel James W. Paramore, Third Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

CAMP STANLEY, NEAR MURFREESBOROUGH, March 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement at Bradyville, Tenn., on the 1st instant, between the cavalry under my command, consisting of a portion of the First [Middle] Tennessee, and a detachment of the Second Brigade, consisting of about 100 men from the Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, under command of Captain W. M. Flanagan, and 150 men of the Fourth Ohio, under command of Colonel Eli Long, and the rebel force at that place, consisting of Colonel Duke's Second Kentucky Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [James W.] Bowles, and the Fourteenth Alabama [Battalion], belonging to Wharton's brigade, and commanded by Major [James C.] Malone, jr.:About 2 miles this side of Bradyville, the First [Middle] Tennessee, under command of Major Murphy, being in advance, encountered the rebel pickets and drove them in. When near the village, they found the enemy strongly posted behind the houses in the village and a high piece of ground. After a short skirmish, they (the First Tennessee) were driven

