
my way. From Batavia the enemy took the road leading to Portsmouth, but changed his direction toward Piketon.

July 14, Colonel Sanders, commanding brigade, composed of parts of the Eight and Ninth Michigan Cavalry and one section of the Eleventh Michigan Battery, report to me. As I found great difficulty in bringing my artillery forward, owing to the horses broke down, an the impossibility of procuring fresh ones on the road, I separated my command, ordering Colonel Kautz to move forward with his brigade, composed of the Second and Seventh Ohio Regiments, and to make every endeavor to overtake Morgan, attack, and compel him to make a stand, and I would support him with Colonel Sanders' brigade, while the balance of my command would follow as fast as their jaded condition would permit. In some places the rebel had been partially obstructed but not so as to cause the enemy any serious delay. At Jasper, Morgan burned the bridge over the canal, causing some delay to my advance, but it was speedily rebuilt, under the direction of Colonel Kautz.

On the night of the 17th instant, I halted my command at Jackson. The enemy, after burning the railroad depot here, moved toward Pomeroy.

At 3 a. m. July 18, I continued the pursuit. I soon ascertained that Morgan had changed course, moving toward Buffington Island. About 5 p. m. received the following dispatch from Colonel Kautz;

RUTLAND, OHIO-4.30 p. m.

General HOBSON;

The rebels to force an entrance into Pomeroy, and have been repulsed. Captain Higley, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, left Morgan's rear an hour ago on Chester road, between 7 and 10 miles from here. They are supposed to be marching for Buffington Island, about 25 miles from here, where will try ford the river. It is too high, however, and the gunboats are on the alert. General Scammon Commanded at Pomeroy. No serious damage done. I have stopped to feed and rest, and shall push on to-night. An intelligent lady, at whose house Morgan was this afternoon, thinks they consider their case hopeless unless they can cross at Buffington Island to-night.

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Colonel Second Ohio Cavalry.

P. S.-I have had no communication with General Judah, but the country people saw him to-day marching on Pomeroy. He could have in Morgan's front to-day (this morning) by marching about 25 miles last night. The rebels are bent on crossing to-night, but they cannot do it.

I sent the above dispatch to General Shackelford and Colonel Wolford, with orders for them to feed and move forward that night. The advance, under Colonel Kautz, drove in the pickets of the enemy about 5 a. m. July 19. It some became evident that the enemy would not make a stand, but were retreating up the river bank. I had been informed by citizens that there was no road up the river, and that the hills were impassable, and I supposed that General Judah was on the river road below. As soon as I found the enemy were retreating up the river, I dispatched my aide to General Shackelford, who was about 5 miles in the rear, with orders for him to halt his and Wolgford's brigade at forks of road, 3 miles from Buffington, to intercept and prevent Morgan from getting to my rear, a more I had for several days believed that he would attempt as soon as I could get an opportunity to attack him. Soon after General Shackelford had taken position, as ordered, the rebel Colonels [W. W.] Ward and [R. C.] Morgan surrendered their commands, numbering about 400 men and officers, to Lieutenant-Colonel Holloway, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry. Colonels Sanders and kautz and Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, First Kentucky cavalry, were ordered to

