
pursue the enemy up the river, and that means drive them toward General Sheckelford and Colonel Wolford.

Soon after making the disposition of my forces as above stated, I received a dispatch from general Shackelford, asking for re-enforcements. In compliance, i directed Colonel Kautz to report, with his brigade, to him. Learning from one of my orderlies that a column of cavalry was coming up the river, to my right and rear, I immediately sent order for Colonel Sander to return to the place of attack with his brigade. As there had been no communication between General Judah and myself, I deemed it prudent to find out whether the force approaching did not belong to his command. This I found to be the case. General Judah immediately assumed command of the whole force, I protesting against it. I told him it was true he was my superior officers, and could do so, but that I had been placed in command at Lebanon, Ky., by special order from General Burnside, and, from the disposition of my forces, it was impossible to give him my plans, and the matter should be referred for adjustment to department headquarters; that, fortunately for the country, but a small portion of my command was here; that of it was following Morgan, under orders from me. Thus I became separated from my command, which had gone in pursuit of the fleeing rebels, I with my staff, being detained awaiting orders from general Judah. About 12 m. Colonel Basil [W.] Duke and command were brought in, having surrendered to Sergeant [Charles F.] Doke, of the Ninth Michigan Cavalry. Soon after, Colonels [D. H.] Smith, [R. C.] Morgan, [J. M.] Huffman, and many other officers, together with a large number of enlisted, were brought in having surrendered to different officers of my command.

Not having received a report front hat brigade commanders, it is impossible for me to give the exact number of prisoners taken or the amount of stores captured. The casualties in my command did not exceed 5 or 6, while the enemy lost in killed (according to a report made to me by Dr. D. K. Scriver, of the Ohio militia) 57, with quite a large number of wounded. The rout was complete; the enemy abandoned everything, and field in the wildest confusion. I take this opportunity to report my thanks to General Shackelford, Colonels Wolford, Kautz, Jacob, and Sanders for their kind and valuable assistance and prompt obedience to orders at all times, and to all officers of my command I am indebted for their courtesy and officer like bearing through the entire pursuit. Lieutenant George Holbrook, First Michigan Battery, and Lieutenant Weaver, Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteers, as my aides, rendered wiling and valuable aid carrying orders, and deserve the warmest praise. James May, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, George Harrison, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, and Thomas Parmer, Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry, my orderlies especial mention for their prompt and intelligent obedience to orders; and to the enlisted men of the command am I especially under obligation for their untiring energy and cheerfulness during the long tedious march of over 800 miles, being in the saddle most of the time for twenty-one days and night, deprived of sleep, and often on short rations, yet they were ever eager to be moving. They will deserve and will receive the thanks of a grateful people. And to the citizens of Indiana and Ohio who so nobly came to our assistance, and so generously provided for our wants, I return my thanks, and i assure them they will ever be held in grateful remembrance by all the command.

I would respectfully call your attention to the accompanying report of Colonel Hixon, commanding Ohio militia, who rendered great assistance

