
to the river. The necessity of rest and refreshment prevented immediate pursuit by my command.

If the afternoon I was directed to report to General Shackelford, who had moved to intercept Morgan, but did not reach his command until the next evening, near Cheshire, about 60 miles distant by the route we traveled, just as the main body of General Morgan's forces were surrounding. Here the pursuit with my command closed, except about 40 men of the Second, under Captain Ulrey, that were present in the pursuit and capture of General Morgan Himself, a week later.

The particular work accomplished by my command in this affair was the continuous march from Jackson to Portland, a distance of nearly 70 miles, in less than hours, and coming upon eh enemy in time to prevent his orderly retreat front the river if molested by other forces, and the spirited attack of the men that induced the enemy to believe that General Hobson's entire force was at hand, thus causing in a great measure their disorderly retreat.

Colonel Sanders will make a report direct to you of his spirited pursuit of the rebels and the capture of their artillery.

Colonel Garrard commanded the Seventh and Lieutenant-Colonel Purington command the Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. The conduct of both these officers was without reproach, and they aided me materially by their advice.

Lieutenant Long, of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, performed valuable service by blockading the Hocking River roads, which compelled Morgan to turn back toward Cheshire. He had been dispatched on the 16th with some men to Chillicothe to take the railroad and get in advance of the raiders.

Our loss was 1 man killed, accidentally, by the only militiaman present with my command, and another severally wounded, both of the Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

The enemy made no opposition or defense, except a few shots from skirmishers, but field precipitately when the artillery opened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Colonel Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry,

Commanding First Cav. Brigadier, Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

Lieutenant BUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel William p. Sanders, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Provisional Cavalry Brigade.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth and Ninth Michigan Cavalry and the Eleventh Michigan Battery, under my command, during the late pursuit of he rebels, under General John H. Morgan:

In obedience to instructions, I assumed command of the Eighth and Ninth [Regiment] and Eleventh Michigan Battery, at Danville, Ky., on the evening of the 6th of July, and marched the same night toward Lawrenceburg and Frankfort, to prevent the enemy from crossing the

