
Kentucky River in that vicinity. Reports os small parties of rebels reached me at various points, but I could learn nothing of any force until, the 8th, I learned that a party of some 200 were moving toward Cumming's Ferry. I immediately sent a detachment, under Major [M. F.] Gallagher, in pursuit, and under Major Way, across the river below to intercept any that might cross. Major Gallagher overtook and round the enemy near Comming's Ferry, captured 20 prisoners, 40 horses, a number of arms, equipments, &amp;c., and followed them beyond Harrodsburg, and until they were divided in small parties.

On the 9th, I marched, in obedience to the orders of he general commanding department, to Eminence, on the Lexington and Louisville Railroad, reaching there 8 a. m. on the 10th; and on the same day marched to Westport, on the Ohio River, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Boyle, whose orders I had been instructed to obey.

I reached Westport before daylight on the 11th. The distance from Lawrenceburg to Westport is about 55 miles. I was to put my command on transports at this place and proceed up the river to Medison, or to such other point as I should select, and to report to General Manson, if I should find him. I reported to General Manson near Vevay, Ind., and, under his instructions, proceeded to Cincinnati Ohio, where I was directed to send out scouting parties toward Camp Dennison, and to move my command to Avoidable; and on the same day (13th) I was ordered with all the command to join General Hobson's force and aid in the pursuit of he enemy. I reported to General Hobson on the morning of the 14th, and remained with his command until after the capture of Morgan's command.

In the skirmish at Buffington Island, my command (one battalion of the Ninth, two companies of the Eighth, and four guns of the battery had been left at Westport, for the want of transportation, and on duty an Cincinnati) was next to the advance, under Colonel Kautz. On arriving on the field, Colonel kautz's command was deployed on foot as skirmishers. I found the enemy were retreating soon after my artillery opened, and followed with the Eight and Ninth. These were the first regiments in the pursuit, and, after a short skirmish with the rear guard, it became a race. The enemy left three guns, all their wagons, &c., which were first captured by my command. We followed that portion of the rebels that took up a ravine to the left, leading back toward the road we had followed during the night. We captured between 200 and 300 prisoners and horses. Colonel [R. C.] Morgan's regiments and Colonel Basil [W.] Duke surrendered to my command. Colonel Morgan himself and a portion of his regiment fell into the hands of a part of our forces that had been sent back on the road to intercept them.

My command was shelled by the gunboats, so that I had to send a portion of it into ravine for protection. I had little fighting, but the officers and men showed the greatest willingness to engage the enemy, and underwent the fatigue and hardships of a long and forced march with the utmost cheerfulness, and were at all times ready to march or for any emergency.

Loss, 3 wounded,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel, Commanding Eight and Ninth Michigan.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Corps.

