
Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Grover S. Wormer, Eight Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,In the Field, July 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the marches, &amp;c., of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, under my command, since leaving Hickman Brigade, Ky., July 4, 1863, to this time:

Received orders on the evening of July 4 to make a forced march with my command to Lebanon, Ky., and there support the garrison threatened by John [H.] Morgan, I broke camp at 9 o'clock, pursuant to said orders. I ordered all tents and baggage left behind, and but two day's rations int he men's haversacks.

At 2 a. m. of the 5th, I halted my command for two hours, 4 miles beyond Danville, having marched 24 miles. At this place I fell in with the Eleventh Michigan Battery and Ninth Michigan Cavalry, in command of Colonel James I. David, and he being the senior officers I came under his orders. At Parksville I halted for feed and water, and water, and was here ordered to follow the Ninth Cavalry and Eleventh Battery, which I did. We reached Lebanon at 2 p. m. the enemy, then leaving town mediately opened upon the rear guard of the enemy, then leaving town on the Lexington pike. My desire to charge into town or cut off the enemy by a cross road, not being concurred in Colonel David, they were permitted to escape without molestation, much to the disappointment of my whole command. The Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Hanson, had surrendered an hour before our arrival, after a most gallant fight against superior numbers. The enemy had burned the railroad depot and station-house, with several private dwellings, and pillaged the principal stores in the town. At 8 o'clock the same day I was ordered to countermarch with the Ninth Cavalry and the Eleventh Battery to Danville, which place, we reached at 4 p. m. of the 6th, making the march without halt, except for feed and water. At Danville, Colonel W. P. Sanders, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, took command of the whole force constitution the Eighth and Ninth Michigan Cavalry Brigade.

At 12.30 a. m. of the 7th, we took up our line of march for Lawrenceburg, Ky., 43 miles distant from Danville. Halting at Harrodsburg for breakfast, feed, and water, we pushed on, reaching Lawrenceburg at 4 p. m. From Lawrenceburg I sent out Lieutenant J. E. Babbitt, with 50 men, to scout between the Kentucky and Salt Rivers. On the Salt River, near Salvisa, Lieutenant Babbitt came upon Captain [G. S.] Alexander's company, of Morgan's division,and captured 30, killing 14.

The command remained at Lawrenceburg awaiting orders until 9 p. m. on the 11th instant when we took up our line of march for Westport, via Eminence and La Grange, reaching Westport at 12 midnight, having marched 73 miles over a very thought and hilly road, with but four hours' halt at Eminence for rest, feed, and water.

At Westport, Chales Laturner, private Company G, was accidentally shot through the body, and was left palce, under proper care.

Morgan having crossed the Ohio River in to indiana, we took transports on Sunday morning, the 12th instant, for Madison, Ind., in order to cut him off, leaving behind Company I, of my command, a portion of the Ninth, with all our extra baggage, wagons, &c., in command of Colonel David, not having transportation sufficient for the entire command.

