
At medison we found Morgan had got ahead of us; so we moved on to Lawrenceburg, Ind., where Major Mix was sent out to reconnoiter the enemy, learn his force, &amp;c. He proceeded to Guilford. 10 miles, and reported again in three hours, to the entire satisfaction of General Manson, commanding forces on transports.

From Lawrenceburg we moved on to Cincinnati, reaching that city at 5.30 p. m. on the 13th instant.

At Cincinnati, Major Edgerly was sent out with his battalion, by Colonel Sanders, on a scout, joining at Batavia, Ohio, on the 15th having accomplished his mission with success. Lieutenant Babbitt was also sent out 2 miles from the city to guard a bridge. I hare not heard from him since that time.

At 4 p. m. the 14th, Colonel Sanders, with the balance of his command, moved out to Evendale, 3 miles from the city, remaining there until 3.30 of the same day, when he received orders to join Brigadier-General Hobson's commands, in pursuit of Morgan, which command we reached 16 miles north of Cincinnati.

From this time we continued the pursuit, with but short halts for feed and rest for our horses, until Sunday morning, the 19th instant. After marching all the previous night, we came upon the enemy at Buffington Island Ford, near Portland, Ohio, some 250 miles east of Cincinnati.

In comming upon the enemy, the Second and Seventh Ohio Cavalry being in our front, were dismounted and deployed as skirmishers. Our brigade then came up, when Colonel Sanders ordered the Eleventh Michigan Battery to open upon the rebels and the Eighth and Ninth to charge. This was done with alacrity, when the enemy, already slowly retiring, took to fight in great disorder, strewing the ground over which they fled with the plunder which they had accumulated all along their of march. On reaching the woods, I deployed major Edgerly, with his battalion, to the right, and Major Mix to the left. The pursuit was continued until I had driven them into a cot-hole in the woods and surrounded them with my regiment, when Colonel G. Springer[?], of Morgan's command, surrendered 573 prisoners, with their horses and equipments, which I turned over to the provost-marshal at Buffington Island Ford.

Not any of my command were killed, and but 2 wounded, namely, E. A. Kesler, sergeant Company A, and James Reed, corporal Company A. First Sergt. G. Warner, Company A, received a severe wound in the leg by the accidental discharge of his pistol while on the march.

I cannot speak in terms of too strong praise of my command since breaking camp at Hickman. During the long, tedious march of 578 miles, which took sixteen days, much of the time and day, and that with short rations, they have endured it as Michigan soldiers thought this ungodly war have done, without complained. With cheerfulness and alacrity have my orders been responded to by both officers and men. I was obliged to leave several along the line of march, either sick or own out; some on account of their horses giving out, with no fresh ones to be procured at that time. Our arms (the Spencer rifles) proved, as before, a terror to the rebels. They thought us in much stronger force than we were, when each man could pour seven shots into them so rapidly. This is the first instance during the war, I think, where the portion of killed was greater than the wounded. As far as reports have come, in it is at least 3 killed to 1 wounded, and this fact is owing to the terrible execution of our rifles.

We remain here a short time to gather up captured property, arms, &c., and then expect to be ordered back to Hickman. Captain S. Wells,

