
Lieutenant Tubbs, and Lieutenant W. b. Smith represent my command on Colonel Sanders' staff.

With much respect,

G. S. WORMER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Michigan Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN STOCKTON,

Eighth Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 12. Reports of Major George W. Rue. Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.

SALINEVILLE, OHIO, July 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to give you the following report:

I carried out your order to the letter last night-fed my horses at Knoxville. General Shackelford came up; agreed go with him provided he would give me the advance to intercept Morgan, who was moving north. i joined General Shackelford at Hammondsville at 7 a. m. We learned that Morgan was going in the direction of Salineville. His forces were turned here this morning, and then took a northeastern direction, making toward Smith's Ferry. I was ordered forward by General Shackelford to intercept him, leading down the North Fork of Little Beaver, where I captured him about 8 miles east of Salineville and 4 miles south of New Lisbon, at about 2 o'clock this p. m.; took him with the force I left Gallagher with, no other forces nearer than 2 miles. I demanded an unconditional surrender, and held him until General Shackelford came up, which was thirty minutes after Morgan's surrender, with 336 prisoners, including officers, and 400 horses.

G. W. RUE,

Major Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.

Major General W. T. BROOKS, Wellsville, Ohio.

CINCINNATI, July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the evening of Thursday, the 23rd instant, by your ordered, I left barracks at Covington, Ky., at 7 p. m., witch a command of 375 cavalrymen, being detachments from different regiments, as follows: One hundred and twenty from the Eleventh Kentucky cavalry, under major Graham; 75 from the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry; 50 from the Eighth Michigan Cavalry; also small detachments from the First and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, and a number of men from various other regiments left behind from different commands; also three pieces of artillery from the Fifteenth Indiana Battery, under Lieutenant Torr.

The command left the Little Miami Railroad Depot, in Cincinnati, at 10 p. m., for Bellaire, via Columbus, the train losing no time on the transit, and arrived at that point at 1 p. m. of friday, the 24th instant. I disembarked the horses and men, and encamped at Bellaire for the remainder of the night.

On the following day we patrolled both up and down the bank of the Ohio River for a considerable distance. At 1 p. m. of that day I was

