
notified by Major-General Brooks to load my force upon the cars, and process with the greatest possible haste Steubeville. However, I did not stop at that point, but passed on to Shanghai, when I again disembarked my command at 7 p. m. Saturday. From thence I proceeded by road to Knoxville, 5 miles westwardly, arriving at 12 p. m. I there learned that Morgan had already passed through Richmond (west of Knoxville), heading northeast,, at 4 a. m. that day (25th instant). I left Knoxville at 4 a. m. Sunday morning going northwardly, and joined General Shackelford at 8 a. m. at Hammondsville. From thence we left for Salineville, my command taking the advance. At that place we ascertained that Morgan had been last seen at Monroeville, going eastwardly (toward Smith's Ford upon the Ohio River), upon the Beaver Creek road. I was sent in the advance by General Shackelford to intercept Morgan, if possible, at the junction of the roads. I started forward at the rate of 7 miles an hour; with my command, which was then reduced to 300 men, by detachments going off to their respective regiments, On coming with half a mile of the junction of the Beaver Creek road, I was surprised to find that Morgan was already passing the intersection of the roads on a gallop. I considered the chances of getting up with Morgan at that moment rather desperate, but learned from the citizens that a private road led off tho the right from the road upon which we were moving, and intersected the Braver Creek road at a distance of something over a mile, while Morgan would have a couple of miles to go upon the main road to reach the same point. As Morgan had half mile the start, we had about equal chances as to distance. Finding that by letting down some fences the road was practicable (though rater a rough road for the purpose), I ordered my command to move forward on the double-quick, and carried out the order vigorously, going at the highest possible speed. I took the advance, accompanied by Captain Pond and Adjutant Piece, with about 20 men from Company A, Eleventh kentucky Cavalry. We dashed forward over a rough, hilly road, the advance reaching the Beaver Creek road about 150 yards in advance of the rebels, where I formed them in line across the road. Major Graham rapidly closed up the columns, threw down the intervening fences, and a line of battle was soon formed and ready for action of the enemy's front and flank. I had previously ordered Lieutenant Burton, of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, with 30 men, to annoy the rear of the enemy by following him upon the main road, and if possible prevent him from retreating that way. He was thus completely surrounded. Morgan promptly dispatch a flag of truce, which met me in the advance, with the demand that I should surrender my force to him. I told the bearer to return at once to his commander and notify him that I demanded the instant and unconditional surrender of his entire or I would forthwith open fire upon them. The rebel bearing the flag of truce left with this demand, and in a few minutes major [Theophilus] Steele, of the Confederate cavalry, was brought to me by captain [John L.] Neal, of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, who informed me that Morgan had already surrendered. I them rode forward to Morgan, and notified him that matters must remain as they were until General Shackelford arrived. It was soon after observed by some one that the surrender of Morgan had been first made to a Cap special understanding with that officer. Morgan had simply stated the fact that he had surrendered, but did not say anything about terms, nor to whom he considered the surrender made. I was then informed on inquiry that Captain Burbick was a militia officer, a prisoner in the hands

