
back in some confusion. I then brought up the Third and Fourth Ohio, and formed them in line, the Fourth occupying the right and the Third the left. I also went a squadron of the Fourth Ohio, under command of Major [P.] Mathews, around to the extreme left of the rebel line, and a portion of the Third around to their right. I then stationed the First [Middle] Tennessee as a reserve, and advanced the remainder of the Third and Fourth Ohio to engage the enemy in front, when we found them strongly posted in a piece of woods, about one-fourth of a mile beyond the village, where they were dismounted and sheltered behind rocks and trees, and gave us stubborn resistance for about fifteen or twenty minutes, when the detachments I had sent around to their right and left flanks arrived in position and opened an enfilading fire on both flanks. The enemy gave way in confusion, when a charge was ordered with sabers and pistols. We pursued them for about 3 miles, during which we took about 100 prisoners, with their horses, arms, and equipments; wounded from 20 to 30, and found 5 dead bodies on the field; also a large quantity of commissary and quartermaster's stores fell into our hands. Their rout was complete, and they fled in great consternation, throwing away their guns, overcoats, blankets, and everything that would impede their progress.

Among the prisoners were 8 commissioned officers, including the adjutant of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, with all his books, papers, reports, &amp;c., of the regiment. The enemy's force has been variously estimated at from 600 to 1,000, while our force, actually engaged, did not exceed 250, and, considering the disparity of numbers and the advantage of the rebel forces in position, I think it may be considered one of the most daring and brilliant feats of the war.

When all, both officers and men, behaved with such determined bravery, it would be almost an act of injustice to mention any names in particular. I will, therefore, send you the names of all the commissioned officers of the Third and Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. I do not know the officers of the First [Middle] Tennessee, except Major Murphy. Capts. C. W. Skinner and H. H. Hamilton, of my staff, were very vigilant and efficient.

Officers of the Fourth Ohio were Colonel Eli Long, commanding regiment; Major P. Mathews; Capts. G. A. Ross, commanding Company F; R. E. Rogers, commanding Company G; R. P. Rifenberrick, commanding Company I; C. A. G. Adae, commanding Company K; and Lieutenants [E. S.] Wood, commanding Company L, and [A. R.] Megrue, commanding Company M.

Officers of the Third Ohio: Capts. William M. Flanagan, commanding regiment; H. C. Miner, commanding First Battalion; J. B. Luckey, commanding Squadrons I and K, Third Battalion; Lieuts. E. A. Haines, commanding Company H; Norman Brewster, commanding Company L; [J. W.] Likens, commanding Company K; F. Brainard, commanding Company I; and J. R. Hall, commanding Company K.

Casualties as follows:*

We bivouacked for the night about 1 mile beyond the village. Nothing occurred during the night worthy of record.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. W. PARAMORE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Captain W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 killed and 6 wounded.

---------------

