
he marched his command to Ewington, arriving there on the night of the 20th, where he encamped.

On the morning of the 21st, aport of John [H.] Morgan's force entered Ewington, and Colonel Sontag not having any pickets out, was taken by surprise, and surrendered his force without making the least resistance. He further informed Morgan where the detachment under Major Slane was posted, and that also was surrendered to Morgan. From the evidence of some of Morgan's men, who surrendered themselves at Ewington, it appears that but a small part of Morgan's command was armed, and they had two rounds of cartridges. If Colonel Sontag had made a stand, its very likely enemy would have retreated. Charges have been preferred against Colonel Sontag and Major Slane, and forwarded to Adjutant-General Hill.

Morgan paroled the officers and men,a nd captured 395 French rifled muskets, with 15,000 rounds of ammunition. Our men did not sign the parole, which I presume renders it worthless.

On the 22nd, by order of the Governor, I ordered the camp to be broken up, and sent the militia to the homes.

I would avail myself of this opportunity to express my thanks to Colonel [J. J] Kelly, of General Manson's brigaded, and also Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Verner, of the Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, for their valuable assistance and advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. KINNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Major General William T. H. Brooks, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Monongahela.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MONONGAHELA,Pittsburg, Pa., August 2, 1863.

SIR: While acting inspecting a camp of cavalry at Connellsville, on the 23rd ultimo, a dispatch was received from general Burnside announcing that Morgan had crosses the Miskingum, moving east. I had three regiments of Pennsylvania militia prepared, and proceeded myself on Friday, 24th, to Steunbenville, Ohio, where the regiments overtook me. Morgan at this time was reported advancing thought Guernsey Country, Ohio, toward Cadiz.

Soon after my arrival at Steubenville, Major Rue, [Ninth] Kentucky Cavalry, report his arrival at Mingo, by rail from Cincinnati, with about 375 cavalry and artillery. I ordered him to Bellaire, as the most convenient place for unloading, his horses not having been fed or watered for twenty-for hours. in the mean time I had put a regiment of infantry (Colonel Porter's Pennsylvania militia.*) at Portland, opposite Warrenton; Colonel Bemus' regiment at La Grange,* opposite Wellsburg,

---------------

* Five regiments of Pennsylvania ninety-days militia were on duty in Department of the Monongahela at this time, viz: Fifty-fourth, Colonel Thomas F. Gallagher; Fifty-fifth, Colonel R. B. McComb; Fifty-sixty, Colonel Samuel B. Dick; Fifty-seventh, Colonel James R. porter; Fifty-eight, Colonel George H. Bemus.

43 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

---------------

