
and Gallangere, with his regiment, at Rush Run, 2 miles above Porter's These were points here road led out from the river the interior, and at time the water is shoal enough to be forded. Brigadier-General [James S.] Wheat was at Bridgeport with 1,000 men (Western Virginia militia), covering was reported moving southeast, as if to strike the river between Wheeling and Steubenville. Major Rue was ordered up to Martinsville, 3 miles above Wheeling. Major Way arrived at Mingo the same morning by rail from Cincinnati, with command of cavalry and artillery, about the same number as Major Rue. Colonel Collier, with 500 Minute-men, of Steubenville, was ordered to Mingo. Also, as La Grange appeared to be a point selected by Morgan, Major Way was ordered to send his artillery there by rail, and march his cavalry, that had been ordered to unload, by the common road. He had hardly got under way when information was received that Morgan had turned north, crossing the Steubenville and Indiana Railroad near New Alexandria. Collier's men were speedily brought up to Steubenville and put out on the road leading to Cadiz. Way was ordered to return with his cavalry, and took a road that intercepted Morgan's route on the way from Alexandria to Wintersville. His artillery was ordered up and unloaded at Steubenville, as also Bemus' regiment of Pennsylvania militia. Way soon overtook Morgan's rear, skirmishing with Collier's advance. From Wintersville Morgan took the road to Richmond. way's artillery was delayed by getting on the wrong road; nevertheless he followed Morgan till late the night. Rue was now ordered up from Martinsville, and unloaded from the cars at McCoy's Station, on the Pittsburg and Wheeling Railroad, and went to Knoxville. Porter's regiment was ordered to island Creek Station. bemus' regiment was put on the cars again and sent to Hammondsville, on the Cleveland and Pittsburg Railroad. My own headquarters were moved to Wellsville. Gallagher with regiment was ordered to Salineville, where he arrived at 6 o'clock Sunday morning, just in time to stop Morgan's advance thought that town and hold him in check until Way came up and engaged him, killing and wounding some, capturing over 200, and dispersing the balance. This balance Morgan collected together, and took the road toward Hanover, crossing the Cleveland and Pittsburg Railroad at Coon's Ford, on West Fork of Beaver, striking the road from hanover to West Point, down Fork of Beaver. Rue went from Knoxville thought Hammondsville, taking the road to New Lisbon, and, after crossing Beaver, discovered Morgan's band in time to turn to the right thought some fields and get in front of him, while Shackelford was pressing him behind. In the mean time Morgan had passed a company of citizens from New Lisbon, and agreed not to fire upon them if they would not fire upon him. He had taken two or three of their men prisoners, and was using them as guides. Among them was a Mr. Burbick, of New Libanon, who had gone out the head of a small squad of mounted men. When Morgan saw that his advance was about to be cut off by Major Rue, he said to this Captain Burbick, " I would prefer to surrender to the militia rather to United States troops. I will surrender to you if you will agree to respect private property and parole the officers and men as soon we get to Cincinnati." burbick replied he knew nothing about this business. Morgan said," Give me an answer, yes or on." Burbick, evidently in confusion, said, "Yes." Morgan then sent a flag to troops in front and to the rear, and claimed of Major Rue that he had surrendered to burbick. It is proper

