
Report of Brigadier General E. Parker Seammon, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Eighth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 8TH A. C., Charleston, W. Va., July 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, after driving the enemy from his works on Piney River and destroying his ammunition, &amp;c., I dispatched Colonels Toland and Powell, with two mounted regiments (Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteers Infantry and Second Virginia Volunteers cavalry), and Captain Delaney's and Gillmore's companies, First Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, to the railroad. The result has been forwarded by telegraph. With the Twenty Twelfth and Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers Infantry, Thirteenth and Ninth Virginia Volunteers Infantry, and McMullin's battery of 6-pounders, I returned to Fayetteville. Hearing of Morgan's raid in Ohio, I left the Ninth Virginia Volunteer Infantry at Fayetteville, and the Fifth Virginia Volunteer Infantry at Charleston, and moved with the Twelfth, Twenty-third, and Ninety-first Ohio, and Thirteenth Virginia Volunteer Infantry, and McMullin's battery, immediately to Gallipolish by steamboat. Leaving that place amply protected by a small detachment of the Twenty-third Ohio, under Captain Hunter, and some 2,500 militia, also placed under his command, I moved up the river. After slight skirmish, the enemy hastily retreated up the river. We had 1 man wounded. Enemy lost 1 killed and 16 wounded, left on the field. The troops were immediately re-embarked, and steamed up the river to Buffington Island, where the enemy again attempted to cross, but were defeated by the cavalry under general Judah, and gunboats under Captain Fitch.

On the 19th instant, my command moved up to Hockingport. The Twenty-third Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Comly, scouted the woods in pursuit of the enemy, and captured a considerable number of prisoners and horses. During the night, Colonel Heyes' brigade (Twenty-third Ohio and Thirteenth Virginia Volunteer Infantry) were deployed on the Virginia shore for a distance of 5 miles,t o prevent the enemy from crossing. It is believed that no rebels crossed the river during the night, although attempts were made. The Second Brigade, under Colonel White, was also deployed in guarding the passage of the river, and did it effectually.

My command arrived at this place at 10 a. m. on the 22nd instant. The First Brigade, under Colonel Hayes, reported 208 prisoners, including 6 commissioned officers, and upward of 50 horses captured; also a quantity of arms and cavalry equipments.

The reports of Colonels White and Hayes are herewith inclosed.* On my return, hearing from Brigadier-General White that a remnant of the enemy threatened to recross at Guyandotte, I sent Colonel Turley with the Ninth-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry to assist General White's command. He has returned to me this morning the capture of 2 lieutenants and 30 privates, with horses and equipments.

In the expedition to the front, as well as to the Ohio, I was accompanied service, as well in his own department as in aiding me in the movement of troops on the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain T. MELVIN, Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of West Virginia.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

