
captures were made up to the time when we entered the Kanawha, on our return, all of which are properly accounted for elsewhere. Arrived in camp at 9.30 a. m Wednesday, July 22, 1863.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. COMLY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Regiment.

Captain MARTIN P. AVERY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 8th Army corps.

Numbers 20. Miscellaneous report, orders, &amp;c., of the several commanding and other officer (Union), in connection with the morgan raid.

LEXINGTON, July 1, 1863-6.55 p. m.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

General BURNSIDE:

Just received dispatch from Judah, who is at Tompkinsville. The enemy is nearly opposite Burkesville, from 5,000 to 7,000. They probably intend advancing by two routes. The present disposition of his force is better than at Burkesville, which if occupied, must be with his entire division, leading enemy free to cross anywhere after river falls. His supplies are ample, and he can keep them up. He would like to have an iron-clad gunboats come to Burnsville; it could shell the enemy's Captain I sent you in full this morning the position of the troops. I shall order Colonel Chapin, of the Twenty-thirty Michigan, to Carthage, to command. Would like, if possible, reply to questions whether you can give two regiment.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF.

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 2, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

There is no doubt but that we should move over and attack Morgan. Has Carter enough pontoons to build a brigade at Waitsborough? It is impossible to send the two regiment now, but will try to send one or two the forepart of next week. I am anxiously waiting report from the Eighth and Fifty Tennessee Regiments; also the Tennesseeans at Lebanon. All the men at Hickman Bridge should be armed at once. Now are the Michigan regiments doing? I shell be down in a day or two, and make arrangements for a very important movement.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MARROWBONE, July 3, 1863-12.30 p. m.

(Via Glasgow, July 4-1.45 p. m .)

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

At attempt to force General Hobson's position was made yesterday but two commands of cavalry, one consisting of four regiments, about 1,500 to 1,800 in the aggregate, on the flanks; the other counted 970 strong, following up the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry on the direct road

