
from Burkesville, and charging it up to the main camp. Our loss, 20 killed, wounded, and missing; that of the enemy not known. A rebel wounded lieutenant died this morning. From evidence, consisting of empty saddles, his loss was probably greater than our own. The narrow road preventing the display of a front greater than its width, neutralized the disparity of the forces engaged, which were greatly in favor of the enemy. A strong reconnoitering party is now out, and my movements are dependent on their report. It is certain that the enemy on this side of the river is 3,000 strong. It is probable that he is more than 4,000 strong from other evidences deemed reliable but not positive. The approaches to Columbia, which are more numerous than designated upon the map, should be guarded at once. Unless I am enabled to withdraw my forces, or a portion of it, from Tompkinsville (which with the enemy's planks still undeveloped, I dare not do), I can do [no] more with the enemy [than] hold this position. The enemy can reach Columbia without being encountered by my scouting parties. The gunboat would be useful now. The enemy crossed on flat any ferry boats. These the gunboat could destroy, and place his force on this side in a cricital situation. An advance of both my brigades and attack on Burkesville may recommend itself. If adopted, it will be intelligently.

H. M. JUDAN,

[Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army corps.]

(Forward to Burnside.)

LEXINGTON, Ky., July 3, 1863-11.45 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

There hundred of General Hobson's cavalry, from Marrowbone, went within 2 miles of Burkesville, skirmishing all the way. They were then driven back, by 800 or 1,000 of the enemy, to the main body, which then advanced. There is skirmishing on all the roads leading to Burkesville. Hobson's loss, 20 killed, wounded, and missing. Rebel loss supposed to be greater. Judah has gone to the front, and Shackelford's brigade is moving up from Paces. I don't know whether this is a party which go caught this side by high water or whether it is the advance of the main force. If the former, we will catch them all. If the latter, I think we can mange them. Party of Wolford's men from Jamestown captured 7 men Burkesville, and report that the rebels have nine regiments opposite Burkensville, Morgan being there in person. Please reply about Sanders Commanding Carter's brigade. Carter wants two brigades to be made out of it, to be commanded by Colonels Byrn and Carter. I prefer the other arrangement decidedly, and want only to know whether Sanders belongs to me.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

[Major-General, Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps.]

JULY 3, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

It will not do to put Sanders in command of a brigade. He does not properly belong to us, and if we should place him in command we would lose him. Let me her often from the front.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

