
Our men had occupied the court-house, and, at last accounts, were engaged with the enemy. Re-enforcements from Colonel Wolford were close at hand. Captain Carter was severely wounded and several men lost. The train on its way from Lebanon was attacked near. Newsville [?]. Captain [J. P.] Higley, of Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanded the escort of 30 men. He repulsed the rebels, killed 2 wounded 2 and captured, 3, without any loss on our part. Rebel prisoners state that Morgan's whole force, amounting to ten regiments, crossed at Burkesville.

CARTER,

Brigadier General, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 23rd Army Corps.

SOMERSET, July 4, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Have just heard from Colonel Wolford at Jamestown. He reports his force had returned from Columbia with, loss of 2 killed and 6 slightly wounded. Captain Carter's wounded mortal. Six rebels were killed and some 15 wounded. Morgan, with 3,000 to 4,000 men, and six pieces, passed thought Columbia last night, going in direction of Lebanon. Colonel Wolford will pursue to-night. I have had no news from Lexington since 8.30 a. m., and nothing north of Columbia in regard to rebel movements.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General.

LEBANON, July 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAKE,

Railroad bridge over Harding's Creek, 3 miles from here, burned at 8 o'clock this morning. Rebels, about 50 in number, left in direction of New Market.

CHARLES S. HANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

LEBANON, July 4, 1863-3 p. m.

General HARTSUFF:

Fighting this morning at Green River at 8 o'clock, and afterward a few rebels Campbellsville. Morgan's force is at Columbia, and have probably captured the Twenty-fifth Michigan Regiment by this time. Have sent out scouts, and will send out some more. Can we be reenforced? Without orders, I will hold to the last.

CHARLES S. HANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

LEBANON, July 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAKE:

Telegraph line to Columbia and to Louisville cut. Between 50 and 100 cavalry, supposed to rebels, were at New Market, 6 miles from here, at 3 o'clock last night, and turned off near there, going in the

