
direction of the railroad. Heard, from reliable source, that squads of them were within 2 miles of town last night, and it is rumored that they have destroyed the railroad bridge some 3 miles from this place. I sent all the Government horses to Hickman Bridge, and not able to mount more than 4 men, and I have sent them as scouts, one to Columbia and the others on different routes in direction of enemy. I think that they are trying to capture train to-day. Better have guard sent with it. Cannot you send me 50 horses?

CHARLES S. HANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

LEBANON, July 4, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

My scouts returned. No enemy on the Bradfordsville road or along the railroad, but found them on the top of Muldraugh's Hill, on Campbellsville road (about 60), and they drove back 8 of our scouts. I t is reported that Morgan has a large force at and this side of Campbellsville. They say 5,000; I guess not more than a few hundred. We will fight on, and trust to relief coming before it is too late.

HANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

EN ROUTE, 13 MILES FROM GLASGOW,

Via Glasgow, July 4, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Enemy had no infantry; six pieces of artillery. Had moved into small tributaries of the Cumberland most of his boats; two large ones left at Burkesville. A gunboats could protect itself, and might be in season to prevent enemy from receiving, of least delay him till a pursuing force could come up. I hope enemy had advance a little beyond Columbia before our forces came up. Its possession gives him too many avenues of escape. Hobson alone at Columbia could cut him off in that direction. I can don thing more till more fully informed.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Glasgow, via Cave city and Munfordville, [Jul;y 4, 1863]-6 p. m.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Your dispatch of 3.30 a. m. to day received. I arrived here an hour ago, pretty well fagged. The 1,000 cavalry, also Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, are in. Manson [will] be in with whole brigade some time tonight. Can you give me any position items from Columbia? Shackelford must have reached there this morning. Hobson will be to-night by some route. I propose to leave to-night or by daylight, and push on to Greensburg with cavalry here, but shall try to get a citizen scout thought to hobson or Shackelford and back, if possible. I will start Manson's force to Munfordville in the morning. If Moore fights at Green River Brigade or destroys it, it will check the enemy till Shackelford or Hobson comes up. I feel bad at Morgan's reaching Columbia, but I could not help it. I did all I contracted to do, and from enemy's

