
effort to force Hobson out of position believe it was his intended route. It had great advantage over his present one. Please reply soon as possible, if you can enlighten me as to the enemy's movement, as I may leave before morning.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GLASGOW, [July] 4,[1863]-8 p. m.

Brigadier General G. L. HARTSUFF:

General Shackelford reports, per courier, as follows:

EAST FORK, LITTLE BARREN RIVER,

Fifteen miles from Columbia, July 4-1.30 p. m.

Morgan's forces commanded passing thought Columbia late last evening. Camped near Columbia, on Lebanon pike. Left this morning in direction of Lebanon. I shall go to Columbia this evening, and, unless otherwise order, continue to pursue the enemy. A portion of Carter's force, 200 in number, engaged Morgan's advance yesterday evening. Major [Captain] Carter, of Wolford's regiment, was killed, &amp;c.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Is it not possible for you to order the recall of the cavalry force from Stanford from going in the direction of Columbia, and order it to Lebanon? I still intend to start, soon as animals are able to, for Greensburg. General Habson started for Greensburg this afternoon from Edmonton.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. JUDAH'S (3RD) DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS,Glasgow, Ky., July 4, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General BOYLE,

Commanding Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: Just back from Marrowbone. Morgan tried to force Hobson's position day before yesterday, but was repulsed. My troops were in Burkesville before they left. Morgan took up [road] now for Columbia. I was not charged with its protection. I held Tompkinsville and Marrowbone, which protected region south and west of Columbia. Shackelford is twelve hours behind Morgan, with 1,800 men. Hobson will be at Greensburg to-night with his infantry and Ninth Kentucky Cavalry. I will be there in pursuit of Morgan to-morrow with 1,200 cavalry. Two thousand cavalry from Stanford were sent to Columbia. I am endeavoring to have them stopped and directed up Lebanon. Manson's infantry goes to-morrow to Munfordville. I shall follow up Morgan, besides keeping in readiness to intercept him if he comes to rest [this] side of railroad.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bowling Green, july 4, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Forces for Glasgow left at 5 o'clock this morning. Had to wait for car.

CICERO MAXWELL,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky.

