
louisville, July 4, 1863.

Colonel PENNEBARKER, Munfordville:

General Judah telegraphs that Morgan's whole force is advancing toward Columbia, evidently with the intention of striking the railroad at or near Bacon Creek. Will send you re-enforcements, if possible. Have you stores in such condition that they can be destroyed, if it becomes necessary to leave your position. General Judah is rapidly following Morgan, and will doubtless intercept him at Greensburg, or in that vicinity.

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 4, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville:

I am prepared for the work. Where is he, and in what direction is he going?

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

POST SANDERS, KY., Jul;y 5, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

I understand from Mr. Green, who is just from Stanford to give me information, that the wildest excitement prevails among citizens, and the rebels are moving on the place from the direction of Liberty, and that they are also moving on Lebanon. The 500 sent out under Major Ellis went by way of Danville. I think there is an undue amount of excitement, but have no means of learning the facts. I send 15 men to Stanford to-night, to learn, if possible, what is going on.

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP SANDERS, KY., July 5, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

I have about 800 men, who are not in condition to make much resistance. Had we not better fall back to Dick Robinson, with our wagons and horses, where we can meet our arms, horses, and ammunition?

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, JULY 5, 1863-11.15.

General BURNSIDE:

I sent the mounted force at Jamestown to Columbia, with orders to co-operate with Shackelford's force in rapid pursuit of the enemy. Shackelford should have been in Columbia before the enemy. Have not heard from either force. Have been constantly expecting that they would overtake Morgan. Can't understand reasons for not doing so. I sent you one of my orders to Judah to cling closely and persistently to Morgan. I again sent him this a. m. that the enemy must be overtaken and halted at every hazard. The cavalry of Manson's brigade at 8.30 to-day had been ten hours from Glasgow on the way to Greensburg. Judah was about following. My orders have constantly been

44 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

