
I am highly gratified and pleased with the conduct of both officers and men during the skirmish.

The following is a list of the casualties among men* and horses, captures, &amp;c.

Captured 18 men and horses fully armed and equipped.

The wounded were at once conveyed to camp, and properly cared for by Surg. M. C. Cuykendall.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. M. FLANAGAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. M. HEFLEBOWER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Camp near Murfreesborough, March 3, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Second Cavalry Brigade, Department of the Cumberland, dated March 3, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry in the fight at Bradyville on the 1st instant:On approaching the village, the enemy was discovered plainly in sight, occupying the village. My regiment was about 400 yards in the rear of the First Middle Tennessee Cavalry. I was ordered to form my regiment in line on the right of the road, just without the range of the enemy's fire, which I did. I also at this time, pursuant to orders from the brigade commander, detailed Major Mathews to take the rear squadron and move to the right of a small hill, and then to move forward. Shortly after I had formed my line, I was ordered to move forward, which I did, giving the enemy my fire for a few minutes after getting within range. We then charged and drove the enemy before us, and pursued them on the road some 3 1/2 miles, capturing, as near as I could judge, about 55 or 60 prisoners. Major Mathews, after passing to the right of the hall, was out of sight, but I am satisfied from the report of his pieces, and the effect produced upon the enemy, that his squadron was handled with marked ability, and did credit to its immediate commander. I saw no killed of the enemy, but 8 or 10 wounded, several with sabers.

My officers and men all fully sustained their former good reputation for gallantry, and I dislike to make any distinction, but I cannot refrain from mentioning, with all the praise due to a gallant and zealous officer, Captain Richard P. Rifenberrick, commanding Company I, the speed of whose horse enabled him to keep at the head of his regiment, in which position he was severely wounded.

My casualties are as follows:*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. M. HEFLEBOWER,

A. A. A. G., Second Cavalry Brigadier, Dept. of the Cumberland.

---------------

*Omitted; included in Colonel Paramore's report, pp. 66, 67.

---------------

