
to fasten on the enemy and delay him. He is now ahead of all our force The regiment from Carter's command is on the way from Somerset, via Liberty, to Lebanon. Byrd sent 500 men to-day to Lebanon. He had 800 left; none effective. I ordered them to Camp Nelson. Most of the mounted of Gilbert's command, which was at London and Manchester, are now on the way to Danville. All the infantry from the from is on its way to Stanford and Danville. The Twenty-first Massachusetts and there companies of the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, from Mount Starlight, are on their way hare. The force at Paris is ordered in readiness to march here. It could make no resistance there not determined what to do with force at Cynthiana. I have the ford at Salvisa watched, so as to give warning of an approach from that direction. I intended to direct the destruction of the brigades at Frankfort. If they come, do you approve of that? I have been watchful and careful as possible. Have given ample directions, and in time, if they had been executed, to have defeated the enemy. Bad working of telegraph lines accounts for some of the delay, for the rest, I cannot account.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, July 5, 1863-12 m. (Received 5.30 p. m.)

General BURNSIDE:

Dispatch from Judah last night and this morning indicate that our cavalry is nearly a day behind Morgan, who arrived at Lebanon and commenced fighting at 3 o'clock this morning. I sent to Judah that everything depended on his bringing Morgan to bay, and delaying him if only for one day. The Eighth and Ninth, Michigan encamped 3 miles beyond Danville last nigh, and will reach Lebanon to-day. Only a small number of Byrd's force is ready for duty. Lieutenant Symonds, quartermaster of the expatiation, went to Cincinnati to get saddles and equipments. Ought to have returned, but has not. Will you please give instructions to hasten his returned with everything he went for? The Fifth Tennessee Cavalry have no sabers or pistols. Can they be sent immediately, about 300 of each? I have ordered the troops from Mount Vernon to Danville. It is impossible to tell what direction Morgan intends to take from Lebanon. Any way is open for him-that to Louisville, to the railroad at any point thought Frankfort, to Paris or Cynthiana, or thought this place. The movements of our troops have been as prompt and their disposition as good, I think, as possible under the circumstances; but the enemy once ahead, and his course not known, it is very difficult to move a sufficient force to obstruct him. Is it not possible to send a couple of regiments here to move according to circumstances-to Frankfort, to Hickman, or to remain here? There is not force enough here or at Frankfort to obstruct the enemy at all. it is the strength of his force which makes it so embarrassing to meet him.

Please reply as possible.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

JULY 5, 1863-5.30 p. m.

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

Your dispatch of 12 m. is this moment received. It will be impossible to send any more troops. Those in Willcox's district have been sent to

