
LOUISVILLE, July 5, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Morgan left Lebanon for Springfield. He will to Bardstown and if he does not venture here he will go out by Elizabethtown, keeping west of railroad, or he may go out by New Haven and the road toward Glasgow, pushing out behind our forces. Troops at Lebanon are on pursuing him. It seems to me they ought to pursue.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 5, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville:

I have ordered the Eighth and Ninth Michigan Cavalry from Hickman Brigade and Stanford to Lebanon. The Second East Tennessee is also moving from Somerest, via Liberty, to Lebanon. When Morgan started from Burkesville, toward Columbia, Shackelford started also with 1,800 cavalry by a nearer road, and 1,400 from Jamestown was also ordered there at once. Eight hundred cavalry started for Creensburg, if being supposed that Morgan would strike for the railroad above Munfordville. Supposing is certain that our cavalry would reach Columbia first, I left the Twenty-fifth it certain that our cavalry would reach Columbia first, I left the Twenty-fifth Michigan where it was, as it would be protected, and add to our strength.

A person has just been brought to me, in custody of a scout, who has a pass to carry mails in and out of our lines. He is accurately described under the fictitious name of G. a. Murphy; pass signed by Colonel Mundy. He gave me his real name, which Colonel Mundy also knows. Is it all right? What is his name?

Reply immediately.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 5, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

Following just received:

Rebels attacked this post about 7 a. m. Colonel Hanson, commanding post, fought them six hours. Most of his command taken prisoners, 5 killed on our side. Reenforcements arrived about 2 o'clock, and rebels left as soon as they arrived, taking road to Springfield. Colonel Hanson was paroled. Rebels destroyed depot, telegraph office, and about ten private dwellings, robbed sobbed stores, and killed one woman: Morgan's command consisting of two brigades and two full batteries. Have sent to Colonel David, commanding, that telegraph communication was opened.

OPERATOR.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LEBANON, KY., July 5, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I was attacked about 7 o'clock this morning by General Morgan, with 4,000 men and six pieces of artillery. I had only 350 men. I held out until 1 o'clock, when our ammunition became exhausted, and the rebels commenced burning the town, and my men wearied, quite a number wounded, and despairing of a receiving re-enforcements, I deemed it wise to give up. "This regarded as a good fight on my part."

CHARLES S. HANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

