
LEBANON, July 5, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Thus far we have heard of 5 killed and 14 wounded. Probabilities are there are others, which we will learn of hereafter.

HANSON,

Colonel.

Loss of enemy by their statement, killed and wounded, between 50 and 100. I was confined until nearly night. Had no opportunity of learning the facts. I would respectfully ask if is proper for me to give information as to the direction he took.

HANSON.

LEBANON, July 5, 1863-5 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

I have just arrived with three regiments cavalry and section artillery. Colonel Wolford has five regiments cavalry. Morgan has gone in direction of Bardstown; the cavalry will pursue. General Judah is on his way with 1,200 cavalry, which I think should return down lexington road or go in direction of Elizabethtown and Hodgensville.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

(Repeated to General Hartsuff at camp Nelson.)

MUNFORDVILLE, July 5, 1863.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville:

General Judah was in Glasgow yesterday evening, but would start this morning for Greensburg, with 1,000 cavalry. Shackelford was to have arrived at Columbia yesterday afternoon, and Hobson last night Manson was to have left Glasgow for this place this morning. General Judah has not communicated anything to me direct, but I learned these facts from other sources. My scouts in from the direction of Green and La Rue Counties this a. m. No intelligence of the enemy in that quarter.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain A. S. SEMPLE, Louisville:

I have 70,000 rations within lines. Can't well secure more there. Stopped moving stores from depot, unless otherwise ordered by you. Scout returned from Burnt and Hammonville. No information. What have you of location and force of enemy?

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

JULY 6, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Camp Nelson, Ky.:

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

General HOBSON, Lebanon, Ky.:

Is reported that a small portion of Morgan's command was at Harrodsburg this morning, but that the main body went from Springfield

