
in the direction of Bardstown. You will combine the command of General Shackelford and Colonel Wolford, and after ascertaining as near as possible the direction of General Morgan's route, you will endeavor to overtake him or cut him off. Please telegraph at once the composition of your own brigade, and also that of Shackelford and Wolford. You are authorized to subsist your commands upon the country and impress the necessary horses to replace the broken-down ones. This should all be done in a regular way. Morgan ought to be broken to piece before he gets of the State. Answer at once.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, July 6, 1863-1.20 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

I have just sent the following dispatch to Colonel David;

You will immediately pursue the enemy, and retard his march in every way as much as you possible can. Re-enforcements should reach you by way of Columbia very soon. The duty are charged requires great skill and prude. Be very careful to avoid capture, and be sure and retard the enemy. Have they a train with them? Leave word at Lebanon for any re-enforcements that arrive from any direction to follow you up rapidly and persistently, and keep the enemy constantly in sight and sent frequent word to rear for me.

I do not understand it. I received a dispatch from Colonel David less than an hour ago. As you are in direct communication with the operator, would it not be well for you to direct to send some mounted men after him with my instructions?

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CAMP NELSON, july 6, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

Just received the following dispatch per courier:

DANSVILLE, 6TH-6 A. M.

Colonel MOTT:

John [H.] Morgan is with 15 miles of this place. He has taken the pike from Lebanon to Springfield this morning with eleven regiments, numbering about 4,000 men. The Twentieth kentucky surrendered about 3 p. m. yesterday. Prisoners think that he is making for Lexington or Louisville. I think he is making for Harrodsburg. The Eighth and Ninth Michigan and Colonel Byrd's forces into town now.

S. MILLS,

Captain.

S. R. MOTT.

LEXINGTON, July 6, 1863-9 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

The Eighth and Ninth Michigan are at Danville, having returned there last night. Colonel Byrd started at 2 o'clock last night for Hickman; about 800 must be there now or soon. The sheriff of Woodford brings intelligence that the enemy drove in some pickets they had stationed in front of Lawrenceburg at 11 last night. This seems to indicate an advance in this direction. I am astonished and disgusted with the conduct of the Michigan regiments, and am in doubt now whether

