
on the way. I must supply the battery with fresh horses, if I do anything some. I have with me Captain Cozatt and Captain Curd, of the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry, as guides.

JAS, I. DAVID.

Colonel Eight and Ninth Michigan.

I have no idea where Judah can be. He ought to have been in Lebanon before now. Sanders starts in ten minutes, and will assume command of both regiments.

GEO. LK. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 6, [1863.]

General HARTSUFF:

General Habson and Shackelford and Colonel Wolford have all arrived at Lebanon. Have ordered Hobson to combine the command of Shackelford.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JULY 6, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Camp Nelson:

The following just received from Boyle [6.55 p. m.]:

I have ordered General Hobson, with his, Shackelford's, and Wolford's commands, to press pursuit of Morgan to utmost extremity of endurance of men and horses. Part only of Morgan's men moved toward Shepherdsville; part of them were at Bloomfield to-day, and center moved on the pike toward this city, and will, no doubt, be at Satl River to-night, ready to move here or toward Elizabethtown, or through Taylorsville toward Lawrenceburg. They captured my scouts at Bardstown last night, belonging to Fourth Regulars. Morgan cannot be near the railroad, as the telegraph is not interrupted.

Have sanders send his forces in direction of Lawrenceburg and Frankfort. Carter had better concentrate his mounted forces at Stanford, ready for a rapid movement in any direction.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 6, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

The following just received from Hobson:

I move. Not safe to give particulars. General Judah is in the right place; he could not get up with me. I have advised as to proper disposition os forces.

E. H. HOBSON.

And this:

I have just arrived with three regiments cavalry and section artillery. Colonel Wolford has five regiments cavalry. Morgan has gone in direction of Bardstown; the cavalry will pursue. General Judah is on his way with 1,200 cavalry, which, I think, should return down the Nashville road, of go in direction of Elizabethtown and Hodgensville.

E. H.. JOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

[A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.]

