
LEBANON, July 6, 1863-4 p. m.

General HARTSUFF:

General Judah can't cross Green River; it has risen 10 feet. He will cross on ferry-boat at Vaughes' [Vaughn's?] Ferry with Eleventh, Fifth, and Fourteenth Cavalry, and be in readiness to move in direction of Elizabethtown and operate against Morgan west of railroad, should he go in that direction. Morgan has passed through Springfield. We will pursue him with eight regiments of cavalry now at this place. The infantry stopped in vicinity of Voughn's ferry. We will endeavor to drive Morgan to General Judah.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, July 6, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

Three companies of my regiment are still in the mountains. Shall I ordered them to remain at Mount Sterling when they come in/ There ia a large amount of stores at that point. They can protect them at present.

R. R. MALTBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 6, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

General Judah is at Vaughn's Ferry 8 a. m. Regiments crossing in ferry-boats. he says Hobson and Sheckelford have gone to Muldraugh's Hill. General Judah will follow to same place, unless he gets information that rebels are moving in different direction. Colonel Moore, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, beat off Morgan's whole force at Green River Brigade, killing 34 mounding a proportionate number. Morgan went around him. Judah has 1,200 cavalry with him. He has ordered the infantry of Hobson's brigade to Bardstown pike, on the south side of Green River. Telegraph operator at Glasgow says that Colonel Harney's men are skirmishing with enemy a mile out of town.

I don's believe it true.

MAHLON D. MANSON.

LEBANON, KY., July 6, 1863-4.40 a. m.

General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

Colonel David arrived hare yesterday, soon after Morgan left, and could not purpose Morgan on account of his horses being used up. From information he obtained here, Morgan had started for Danville, via Springfield and Harrodsburg, with part of his force, the balance going to Columbia. From Danville he was going to Hickman Bridge. After destroying Government stores there, he was going with his whole command to Louisville. We started out immediately on the return to Danville. The courier overtook us about 10 miles from here, where we are now halted, awaiting orders whether to go Springfield or proceed to Danville. general Davis has sent a courier to Dansville with dispatches for Colonel Mott.

ELISHA MIX,

Major Eight Michigan Cavalry.

