
Numbers 6. Report of Colonel John F. Miller, Twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

MURFREESBOROUGH, March 2, 1863.

SIR: The troops ordered to report to me on yesterday for forage expedition assembled at the time and place indicated in the order, and, in addition to these forces, Major [A. B.] Bonnaffon reported, with 200 men from the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, for the same duty. The train consisted of 300 wagons, and started for Bradyville at 7 a. m. Brigadier-General Stanely assumed command of the expedition. The cavalry in advance of my command attacked and routed the enemy posted in and around Bradyville, capturing about 70 prisones. The infantry and artillery force was in supporting distance, but was not engaged. About 40 wagons were loaded with forage. This was all that cold be obtained in the region of Bradyville. General Stanley ordered the train back yesterday evening, and I sent up, by his order, the Third Tennessee and Thirty-seventh Indiana as escort for the train. The prisoners were sent in under guard of the Thirty-seventh Indiana. The remainder of the force bivouacked in and about Bradyville for the night, expecting an attack this morning, but the enemy made no attack.

At about 8 a. m. to-day I commenced the march to camp, and arrived in camp at 2 p. m.

There is no forage on or near the Bradyville road.

The conduct of the troops was good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. MILLER,

Colonel Twenty-ninth Indiana, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 1, 1863.-Skirmish near Woodbury, Tenn.

Report of Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps.

CAMP AT READYVILLE, March 2, 1863-12 m.

CAPTAIN: There are various rumors of considerable re-enforcements having been sent to Woodbury. The officers I sent in yesterday are from Duke's Second Kentucky Regiment, which yesterday morning went from near Bradyville to Woodbury. We laos have a prisoners form Smith's Fourth [Eighth] Tennessee Regiment, which, he says, is at Woodbury, having gone there yesterday. Everybody brought front eh country concurs in the story that there are two regiments at Bradyville. These, with the one that has been at Woodbury all the time (which is neither of the ones mentioned), make five in my front. It is quite certain that considerable re-enforcements have been received there since day before yesterday. The two men (Smith and Prater) whom I send to you can tell you what they think they know about it. They speak

