
CINCINNATI, July 7, 1863.

Have Sanders send his forces in direction of Lawrenceburg and Frankfort. Carter had better concentrate his mounted forces at Stanford, ready for a rapid move in any direction.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, July 7, 1863-3.40 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Operator at Lebanon Junction telegraphs me as follows:

The repair man on the railroad told me that Morgan was encamped 2 1/2 miles from Long Lick last night, and up to about 9 o'clock this morning. Small gangs were scouting the country and stealing horses. Morgan had a force of between 3,000 and 4,000 cavalry and three brass pieces of artillery. A late arrival says that some of Morgan's men were seen this p.m. at Rolling Fork, about 2 1/2 miles south, at Lacefield Still-house, drinking whisky and stealing horses. Our informant thinks there is about 80 of them.

OPERATOR.

I believe Morgan will go out by Elizabethtown, but will destroy all bridges first. The infamous domestic rebels, I fear, mislead Hobson as to course Morgan takes, and that he will miss him. My operator detected Morgan's operator. He is still on line, taking off communications.

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, July 7, 1863-3.50.

General BURNSIDE:

Morgan captured the train this side of Lebanon Junction. He robbed all the passengers, including 25 Jews. He placed all passengers in front car and his soldiers in hind cars, and started down the road for Elizabethtown. The wires are up, but Morgan's operator is on the road. He decoyed train by dispatches to superintendent, and when it came up captured it. Several officers were captured on train.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 7, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Camp Nelson, Ky.:

The following has just been received from General Boyle:

LOUISVILLE-6.30 p.m.

General Hobson, with eight regiments of cavalry and mounted infantry, is at Shepherdsville, in pursuit of Morgan, pressing him close. Morgan has gone toward Elizabethtown or Brandenburg. I send boat with 300 men to Brandenburg. I have answered Hobson by your authority to pursue Morgan to the extremity of endurance of his horses and men. Morgan has suffered much in loss of officers and men. He is robbing all prisoners and citizens of money.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

Instruct Byrd by telegraph or courier not to follow after General Hobson, but to remain at Lebanon, or to return to Hickman Bridge, and recruit for next move.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

