
SHEPHERDSVILLE, KY., July 7, 1863-5.45 p.m.

Colonel DRAKE:

My command, eight regiments of cavalry and mounted infantry, numbering 2,500, are at Bardstown Junction, Louisville and Nashville road. I am in pursuit of Morgan, who will either move toward Brandenburg or Elizabethtown. My advance are picking up his stragglers. I will do my best to engage him. He is hard pressed. He has been damaged more this trip than either of his former raids. He lost 10 or 15 of his officers and a number of men in the fights at Marrowbone, Green River Bridge, and Lebanon. I am here for rations; cannot find any. My men are considerably exhausted, but in fine spirits. I am moving without wagons. Railroad all safe; but one small bridge burned; can be repaired in two days. I will remain at this place half hour. Have you instructions?

E.[H.] HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Lines all down between this point and Louisville. We received Hobson's message via Indianapolis and Cincinnati, which caused its delay so much.

LEHR,

[Operator.]

MUNFORDVILLE, July 7, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

The two dispatches received in your name yesterday inquiring for the whereabouts of General Judah, and yours of this morning inquiring news from this point, I am doubtful of. I answered the first of yours yesterday, but declined the second. Communicate in cipher.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 7, 1863.

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Has not Morgan swung a thief on the wires? Too many inquiries for General Judah.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LAWRENCEBURG, July 7, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

I have my command about 1 mile from this place, and pickets out on all the roads. There is no place the rebels can cross without swimming, except at Frankfort. Have not seen a rebel. Firing was heard all the morning in the direction of Bloomfield and Bardstown, by the citizens at Salvisa. Captain Smith, Ninth Michigan Volunteers, who left several days since, looking for [T. H.] Hines, joined me to-day. He captured Lieutenant-Colonel [R. A.] Alston, chief of staff for Morgan, and 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, and 16 privates. They were all paroled. Captain thinks that Morgan is making for Louisville.

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

