
will look out for the matters there. You can issue the arms and ammunition to the mayor, taking receipts from him for them. I do not bear anything further from the enemy, and have Carter ready to move on their flanks if they approached Louisville. I may defer my visit to Louisville until to-morrow. Let me hear if anything is heard from Rosecrans.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JULY 8, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

You will arm the Indiana Legion Home Guards, and, in fact, every fighting man you can find, and, in case of attack, you must defend the city to the last. I will send a gunboat at once, and will try to leave here on evening train for Louisville. Hartsuff has heard nothing of the advance of the force from Columbia. Do you hear anything further? Has Moore any artillery with him? If so, he should take a commanding position for his men; dig rifle-pits for his men; protect his artillery by an epaulement, and hold the point.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 8, 1863.

General BOYLE:

The following has just been received from New Albany:

Morgan's force, from 3,000 to 5,000 strong, have crossed the river at Brandenburg. They captured one gun, 50 Home Guards, and killed 4. A boat has just come up for re-enforcements. This is reliable.

THOS. W. FRY,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

I have sent one gunboat and a battery this afternoon. At what point on the river is Hobson? Has he the means of crossing? I can scarcely believe that Morgan has crossed the river with his whole force. Hobson should not be deceived. The following has just been received from Cairo:

I have six gunboats on the Ohio, above and below the captured boats, closing in on them. I hope they are taken before this. Will keep a bright lookout.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain, and Commanding Station.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, July 8, 1863-7.30 p.m.

General BURNSIDE:

The following just received:

ELIZABETHTOWN, July 8, 1863-6 p.m.

There is no doubt but that Wheeler is at or near Lebanon. I am endeavoring to find out by which route he is advancing. I think I shall go at once to Boston as soon as my rations arrive, and before, if I learn he is advancing in that direction. My force is small to encounter a division with, but I will do my best with it, anticipating re-enforcements from Louisville. He is said to have five pieces of artillery. I telegraphed to General Manson to send up by railroad a section of his 24-pounder howitzers and an infantry regiment to this point to-night, if possible.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

45 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

