
GARNETTSVILLE, July 8, 1863-5 p.m. [Via Bardstown Junction, 9.10 p.m]

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: We are at this place with cavalry force. John [H.] Morgan has crossed the greater portion of his command into Indiana. Learn from reliable authority that he has captured 2 pickets at Brandenburg. His object may be to use them in that vicinity, after he gets through with the people of Indiana. We have pursued with all haste; have lost no time; and it is evident that he has failed in doing as much damage in Kentucky as he expected. Cannonading at the river. We will advance in a few minutes.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LEBANON, July 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am here, and joined by Major Ellis, First Tennessee Mounted Infantry, 500 strong. Rebel force reported approaching on Columbia road; said to be near. I have sent mounted company to scout to Muldrauh's Hill. I don't know rebel strength. Reported Wheeler's command. It may not be entirely reliable news. I will report further.

O. H. MOORE,

Colonel.

LEBANON, [July 8, 1863]-4.40 p.m.

General HARTSUFF:

I have just received a report from the captain of my scouts that he believes that the report of the enemy being in large force advancing on the Columbia road to be false-a ruse. I will be vigilant, and reported at once any information of importance.

O. H. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Michigan.

LEBANON, July 8, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

I arrived at Lebanon this morning. I left the surgeon with 11 wounded men at Campbellsville; brought the rest to Lebanon to be cared for. I cannot say whether the Second East Tennessee Regiment were engaged. It is the First Tennessee which I reported not well supplied with ammunition. Major Ellis was lost by getting wet. I have noting reliable as yet from the front. I blockaded the road on Muldraugh's Hill last night, when I left, and I am informed that it still remains. I will report any reliable information which my scouts bring me. As you suggest, the report may be a ruse.

O. H. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteers.

LAWRENCEBURG, July 8, 1863-10 a.m. [Via Frankfort, July 9-4 p.m.]

General HARTSUFF:

I have just received information of a small party of about 100 or 150 rebels in the vicinity of Salvisa this morning. It is the same party,

