
including some little attached artillery. My horses are about broken down. I am replacing the worst from the citizens, but it is slow work, and delays me. I have not a pound of rations, but will continue the pursuit if you will send me at once by a special train subsistence and supplies for six days for 1,200 men and four 8-mule teams. Can you inform me where Hobson and Shackelford are, and inform them, if possible, of my intention to follow up Morgan? Please send this also to General Hartsuff. I have directed my infantry and artillery to be shifted from points east of railroad to Cave City and Bowling Green, fearing Morgan's return in that direction. Manson will remain at Munfordville, if still there.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville:

General Judah is now at Elizabethtown. General Hobson early this morning was at Bardstown Junction, and in pursuit of Morgan. Nothing reliable from Morgan. Wheeler is reported in the neighborhood of Campbellsville, with a division. W. B. Carlisle, of Green, believes this report. General Judah can give you more information that I can.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 8, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The operator at Elizabethtown has just told me that Morgan was going in the direction of Big Spring. Have you any information of this? If he goes to Brownsville, we will see him cross the river.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAIRO, July 8, 1863-11 p.m.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Columbus, Ky.:

Morgan has captured the Alice Dean and John T. McCombs, and is raiding down the river. I have telegraphed Smithland and Paducah. I have too small a force here, and no arms for volunteer citizens. I think I should have at least 800 men and one section of artillery.

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, July 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have just received information by telegraph from General Boyle, at Louisville, General Buford, at Cairo, and Colonel Martin, at Paducah, that the rebel Morgan had seized, on the 7th instant, two

