
of the forces that were at the Fort Donelson fight being at Woodbury. You had better, perhaps, take them to General Palmer.

Yesterday morning, at 4 a. m., I sent out three parties of 100 each, picket men, under picked officers, who went on different roads to the front, taking cover at light, and endeavoring to bushwhack the enemy. The party toward Woodbury had a brisk skirmish, and retired without loss before a vastly superior force of cavalry. One of the enemy was known to be shot. The party toward Bradyville also had several little skirmishes, catching one; but as the enemy are all mounted and know the country much the best, I think they will com out best at bushwhacking. I have a forage train out now which has been attack, and the firing is now going on. The officer in command has sent in for re-enforcements, and I have sent him all I dare to, as it will not do to expose my camp.

I would beg respectfully to suggest that, while such a force is in my immediate vicinity, foraging necessary to subsist my animals, with any escort it is safe to spare from the camp, is almost too hazardous for expediency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain D. W. NORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I send this by courier, and will send the men I speak of by the escort and messenger.

MARCH 3-8, 1863.-Expedition from Murfreesborough to Woodbury, Tenn.

Reports of Major General Joseph T. Reynolds, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, March 8, 1863.

COLONEL: The brigade of Colonel Hall has returned to camp with 8 or 10 prisoners and load of forage.

Colonel Wilder this moment reports the arrival of the Seventeenth Indiana (mounted), who were sent this morning from Readyville to reach Murfreesborough via Auburn. They crossed from Readyville to the Auburn pike, and went as far as Auburn, charged on a party of rebels, "killed a major and one or two others," and wounded several. One private (Seventeenth Indiana) severely wounded in the arm, and one of our guides captured. No other loss to us. We took several revolvers and one revolving rifle.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Murfreesborough, March 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to render to following account of our recent expedition:Left camp at Murfreesborough, March 3, with brigades of [J. T.]

