
LOUISVILLE, July 9, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

General Hobson, at last accounts, was within 2 miles of Brandenburg. Morgan crossed the last of his forces at that place at dark last night, and was within a few miles of Corydon, Ind., and will doubtless threaten New Albany and Jeffersonville. I think that two regiments should be ordered up from Munfordville to this place. Shall I so order?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

STANFORD, KY., July 9, 1863.

General BOYLE:

I received a dispatch from you to-day, asking authority to move three regiments from Munfordville, and I immediately telegraphed you authority to move two regiments from Munfordville, and the fragments [of Moore's regiment] from Lebanon to Louisville. I telegraphed General Judah and General Manson that I had given you such authority; also informed General Burnside of it. Did you get my dispatch? You may act on the authority given you.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF.

LOUISVILLE, July 9, 1863-7.50 p.m.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

My information is positively certain. I have ordered Manson with three regiments here by authority of General Burnside. I have sent transports and gunboats to enable General Hobson to cross at Brandenburg. Hobson sent for transports. Morgan is within 20 miles of New Albany at noon. Morgan expects Pegram in Louisville. I hope you will see he never gets here. Moore had better stay at Lebanon and give you and others notice of appearance of the enemy. I have not ordered him.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

STANFORD, July 9, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Just arrived here. News of Wheeler false. [Champ.] Ferguson's thieves operating in vicinity of Columbia. Boyle says Morgan is in Indiana, and wants to order up two regiments from Munfordville. Told him to do so if his news is perfectly correct, and also Moore from Lebanon, and put him in command of his regiment. Small party of rebels in Harrodsburg last night, stealing. Will continue to hear of them probably in that way for about a week.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 9, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Stanford, Ky.:

General Judah refused to obey the order of General Boyle, and consequently is far out of the way, where he can do no one any good. General Boyle must have full authority to move troops until this emergency

