
passes. The rebels are now in Indiana, in rear of Louisville and New Albany, and unless we can concentrate troops rapidly we are liable to lose those two places. I asked you some time ago where Byrd and Sanders were.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

STANFORD, July 9, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Immediately after my arrival here to-day, I sent dispatch authorizing Boyle to order two regiments from Munfordville to Louisville and the fragments of Moore's regiment from Lebanon. I notified Judah and Manson that Boyle was so authorized. The message went after Judah's refusal to obey Boyle's order, and would correct. I preferred this to issuing the order myself, as Boyle would know what arrangements to make with railroad. Many of my messages have been strangely delayed or misunderstood. I sent you also the whereabouts of Sanders and Byrd. Sanders intended going, via Perryville, to Bardstown, and I gave him nearly the same instructions I gave Colonel David, but before he got off I received a message from you, and sent it immediately to him. He is acting on these instructions. I gave him no other.

Following is the message:

Have Sanders send forces in direction of Lawrenceburg and Frankfort. Byrd has between 500 and 600 at Lebanon: the remainder at Camp Nelson. If railroad is open to Munfordville, I can see no difficulty in getting troops from there in time; if not, I might force a couple of infantry regiments to Danville or Lebanon, to take rail for Louisville.

Would not advise unless you consider it absolutely necessary. Sanders is occupied with between 100 and 200, who are trying to cross Kentucky River and escape, via Mount Sterling. Heard this eve they had succeeded in crossing. I leave for Danville to-morrow. Think I will leave the infantry here for a little while. All quiet in front.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, July 9, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Morgan was within 4 miles of Corydon, which place is 20 miles from New Albany. Without troops sent here, if Morgan comes, no show of resistance can be offered. He was at Brandenburg, and no means to cross the river. I have endeavored to get transports and the gunboats to convoy them. Gunboats are under no one's orders; never reported to me. I could bring Manson's troops from Munfordville, if I had authority, and send them back. I brought troops from Nashville and all intermediate points during Morgan's first raid, and never lost a bridge.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, July 9, 1863-9 p.m.

General HARTSUFF:

I received your dispatch, and sent for troops. They are on the way. The citizens of Corydon resisted Morgan, and several were killed in the

