
fight. Morgan has declared his intention was not to come to New Albany, but I do not believe him. Hobson is crossing his force. I sent transports and gunboats to him. The people of Indiana believe he will attack New Albany in the morning or to-night. I will offer best resistance I can until Manson arrives.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LAWRENCEBURG, July 9, 1863-5.50 p.m.

General HARTSUFF:

The rebels, about 150 strong, moved in the direction of the Kentucky River, toward Barriman's Ferry, reporting that they would try to cross and go out by Mount Sterling. They were cut off at or near Bloomfield, so they say. I think the party I sent will be able to stop them.

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEAR LAWRENCEBURG, July 9, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

Captain [G. S.] Alexander, of Morgan's command, crossed the Kentucky River, at Cumming's Ferry, this morning, en route for Mount Sterling. We are after him, under the command of Major Way, of Michigan cavalry, with 150 men.

J. E. BABBITT,

Lieutenant Eighth Michigan.

CAIRO, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding District:

I received the news contained in your telegram yesterday afternoon from General Burnside, and Lieutenant-Commander Fitch, commanding Ohio and Cumberland fleets.

There are six gunboats above and below the captured boats, closing in on them. Ram Monarch left for Smithland this morning. No boats at Paducah; one at or near Fort Heiman; three up the Tennessee, and two up the Cumberland. The positions of these boats may have to be changed, to carry out certain combinations.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain, and Commander of Station.

COLUMBUS, July 9, 1863.

General BUFORD,

Commanding Cairo:

GENERAL: I do not anticipate any danger to Cairo at present from Morgan's raid. I requested General Burnside yesterday to complete the number of 800 men promised for Cairo. Meanwhile I will closely watch events, and act promptly whenever requested.

I have telegraphed to Captain Pennock. Please confer with him.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

