
Wilder and [A. S.] Hall, and encamped that night at Readyville. Immediately after encamping, lost 2 men from the Eightieth Illinois Regiment, by desertion. They were conducted to the rebel camp near Brady's Rock by a citizen reported to live near Readyville. All our efforts to secure this man were unavailing. Fourth (Wilder's) Brigade foraged to the front toward Woodbury. Saw no enemy, except a few pickets.

On the night of the 4th, Hall's brigade made a movement on the enemy at Brady's Rock, about 7 miles from Readyville (as the command had to go through the hills). The night was very clear and moonlight. Passed one picket station safely, but were discovered at the one nearest the enemy. Part of the force got well round their camp, an part advanced in front. The enemy had evidently been put on their guard by our deserters. Our forces close din upon the rebels rapidly. they ran in every direction; returned our fire once, but without effect. We killed 1 and wounded several.

Colonel Hall's brigade returned to camp at Readyville in the afternoon of the 5th.

On the morning of the 6th, moved on Woodbury, Wilder's brigade to the right and rear, Hall's to the left, myself, with Hazen's brigade and the guns, in front. Enemy's pickets met us in front, 4 miles from Woodbury; drove them at lange range, without results. Halted, keeping the principal part of our force concealed, to give time for the flank movements to be executed. These movements were both promptly made, but the rebels got information of them, in spite of all precautions, and ran, principally toward McMinnville. The party that we had thus far held steady in front, on learning that the main rebel force had retreated, did the same, toward Liberty.

Our force, except Hall's brigade, Seventeenth Indiana (mounted), and two howitzers, returned to Readyville.

Hall's command remained at Woodbury over night, and joined us on the 7th, which day Wilder spent in foraging.

On the 8th, Hall foraged, and the whole command returned to camp at Murfreesborough, the Seventeenth Indiana and two companies of Stokes' cavalry by way of Auburn, near to which place they had a skirmish with some rebel cavalry, and killed 1 field officer and wounded several men.

Results.-We killed 1 field officer and 1 private; captured 25 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant and 2 conscript agents, and obtained about 100 wagon-loads of forage. We lost 2 men by desertion, 3 men captured (Eightieth Illinois), 1 first sergeant captured, and 1 private wounded severely in arm (Seventeenth Indiana).

An idea of the country which our forces passed can be formed from the accompanying map.* It is very broken, and as almost every citizen is a spy for the enemy, by day and by night, it is very difficult to surprise or surround them.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

