
JULY 10, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Danville:

The following just received from General Boyle:

General Willcox seems unwilling to hazard sending Seventy-first Indiana and battery, loaded and ready to move. Colonel Pennebaker says Judah is at Litchfield, awaiting orders from General Hartsuff. He is not willing to obey my orders, given by your authority.

What orders have you given Judah?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

STANFORD, July 10, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Operator at Somerset telegraphs that rebels are in that vicinity, stealing horses. His remark is that the country is swarming with rebels. Union citizens are leaving. Will start such mounted force as I can raise-some 200 to 250-in that direction to-night.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General.

STANFORD, July 10, 1863-8.15 p.m.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

The wagon-master of last train Somerset has just reported that about 150 rebels, who crossed Somerset road at Waynesburg, attacked him near Crab Orchard, and burned about 40 wagons, 5 loaded with ammunition. The force intended for Somerset will leave in a few minutes in pursuit, going toward Crab Orchard.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General.

SALEM, July 10, 1863-8.30 p.m.

General BOYLE and MANSON:

Rebels are pushing for Lexington, Greensborough, or Madison, and will try to cross river at or near Warsaw. They are pushing with great rapidity, and will cut Jeffersonville Railroad at Vienna to-night-probably by this. For God's sake get up the river, seize all flats and steamboats, and guard Warsaw Flats. Morgan's whole division is about 7,000 or 8,000 three 24-pounder Parrotts and two 12-pounder howitzers. I would not be surprised at his reaching Ohio by to-morrow morning.

C. L. DUNHAM.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 10, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

I sent your dispatch of yesterday evening to General Judah by special courier, who has not returned. Will send your dispatch, just received, by courier on every road that can be traveled between here and Litchfield and Big Spring. Will start six couriers, with orders to find him and report.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

