
MUNFORDVILLE, July 10, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Manson directed me when he left here to send a courier to Colonel Hoskins, with orders for him to proceed to Bowling Green. I started the courier this morning, but had not reached Hoskins before he sent a dispatch to General Shackelford to this place for rations, saying, "I have determined to move out to Bear Wallow to await orders." As Colonel Hoskins may not think proper to obey my orders, under the circumstances, you will please have orders for him telegraphed from General Burnside, which I will send him. General Hartsuff is in Danville and Judah in Litchfield, so General Burnside is the only chance.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LAWRENCEBURG, July 10, 1863-8 a.m.

General HARTSUFF:

Major Gallagher, Ninth Michigan, sent after Captain [G. S.] Alexander's force, vertook them 2 1/2 miles from Salvisa. Attacked and whipped them, taking 16 prisoners, 40 horses, and a number of arms. The rebels were about 200 strong, and are scattered in small parties, and fled toward Salt River. Major Gallagher is still following them. I sent Major Way, with a small force, across the river toward Versailles, to intercept any that might cross the river. Major Gallagher overtook the rebels about 4 p.m. yesterday, and probably has more prisoners by this morning. This party were cut off in their attempt to join Morgan near Bloomfield, and say they were trying to get out by the way of Mount Sterling. I send the prisoners to Frankfort this morning.

W. P. SANDERS.

Commander LEROY FITCH,

Gunboat Moose, New Albany:

I think it advisable that there should be four boats above the falls between this city and Louisville, and four below, kept constantly plying the river in the neighborhood of the points at which Morgan will be most likely to attempt to cross. Westport is said to be one place at which he may cross. One of the gunboats should be at Madison, where they can be in communication with this place. It would be well to order the two boats coming down from Gallipolis to those points; they can be joined by two more from your fleet. You, of course, know of the points that should be guarded below the falls. Send the two boats from below to Madison at once.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[Commanding officer at New Albany will dispatch this at once.]

INDIANAPOLIS, July 10, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

I have a report from Mitchell of 1,500 of Morgan's men marching toward Paoli. It may be true, but it is not confirmed. Cravens retreated

46 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

