
Lockport, Port Royal, Bedford, and Westport. You can hire good citizen scouts, and pay them well. Obey any orders General Boyle may send you. If Morgan attempts to cross at any one of these places, you ought to be able to whip him in detail. If he succeeds in crossing, he may try to cross Kentucky River between Carrollton and Lockport, and go out by Mount Sterling, in which case you must press him hard. I leave your movements to your own good judgment to a great extent.

What news have you?

A. E. BURNSIDE.

CINCINNATI, July 11, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Our scouts into Somerset to-day, from below Monticello. No rebels there; none near Lebanon. Moore can be ordered from Lebanon, and you can order what force you like from Munfordville. I will send Mundy.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

STANFORD, July 11, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

The squad of rebels that attacked train last evening destroyed only about 20 wagons, and then went through paths toward Madison County. All quiet this a.m. in Somerset. Troops are moving to Danville. A small mounted force sent to Richmond might capture the squad of 40 that went in that direction.

S. P. CARTER.

DANVILLE, July 11, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Colonel Moore telegraphs from Lebanon that stage was just in from Campbellsville, with report that 300 rebels were entering that place from Columbia.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, July 11, 1863.

General J. T. BOYLE:

Your order to General Judah received at 8 a.m., and I have mounted a messenger on my own saddle-horse and started him, with instructions to reach Litchfield in five hours, which will be at 2 p.m.

Transportation shall be at Elizabethtown by 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, for him.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SALEM, IND., July 11, 1863.

General BOYLE:

GENERAL: I am here with my command; marched 50 miles yesterday. Morgan has gone in direction of Madison. If he can be checked up in front, I will attack him in rear. Fresh horses cannot be procured in this part of State. My men have all been fed, and will push on, if you do not order otherwise.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

