
LA GRANGE, July 11, 1863.

General BOYLE:

I am moving as fast as the artillery can go. We have marched since 9 o'clock last night. I am taking horses when necessary. I will be at the river by 10 p.m. Have sent scouts as directed.

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, IND., July 11, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Send all the cavalry force and artillery you can to Vienna this evening General Hobson is in the advance.

J. M. SHACKELFORD.

NEW ALBANY, July 11, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Your telegram received. Two boats went above the falls this morning. Will do my utmost to intercept Morgan. Boat will be at Madison to receive dispatch. Two boats will be on constant patrol from Louisville to Carrollton. Please telegraph gunboat at Madison, also at New Albany, when you get word of Morgan's whereabouts.

LEROY FITCH,

Lieutenant-Commander.

P. S.-Gunboats above Louisville have just fallen in with and driven back some of Morgan's men. Forty-five succeeded in getting across; the rest were driven back. Some of them were drowned. Morgan reported to be at or near Memphis, Ind.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 11, 1863.

General BOYLE:

Hughes telegraphed from Mitchell that the main force of rebels is marching on that place, and a detachment of 200 had been sent to some place east, to destroy a bridge on Ohio and Mississippi Railroad. I hardly believe it, but it may be so.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 11, 1863-6.30 a.m.

General WILLCOX, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Hard bread has already started. Telegraph Hughes that he must fight them if they approach his position, even if they do have artillery. It is highly necessary that they should be checked until our pursuing cavalry comes up with them, but I do not think that Morgan will go in that direction. Five companies of the Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry, without a single piece of artillery, at Green River, repulsed Morgan's whole force, killing 30 of his men, among them Colonel [D. W.] Chenault, and wounding many. If he can only be checked by your forces as he advances, he can be overtaken by the pursuing cavalry. There is scarcely a position in Southern Indiana that cannot be defended by blockading the roads by fallen timber.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

