
opinion of my advisers, as well as my own, that I should concentrate all my forces there. The nature of the country represented as easily defended. I wait orders. No reliable estimate of forces. Have ordered both Love and Wallace to proceed cautiously, scouting and feeling their way. I strongly hope that Burkham will save the Vernon bridge, which is an important one, but fear rebels may cut the road farther down. Copy of your dispatch to Governor Morton received. I am happy to have the orders previously given to Love so substantially and precisely repeated by you; but what do you think of Governor Morton, or any other civilian, however respectable his judgment may be, attempting to interfere in such matters? I have counseled the good Governor in every important step, but, of course, could not order the forces from Seymour and Mitchell until satisfied that Morgan's main force had passed Salem.

Later.-The following this moment received from Vernon:

A section of artillery and 200 men will be left here, under command of Colonel Williams. One hundred citizens arrived to defend. I will press horses for a strong reconnaissance. Awaiting orders.

J. H. BURKHAM.

The rest of his dispatch is blind.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 11, 1863. [Received 9,20.]

General BURNSIDE:

Dispatch received. Four 3-inch guns at Vernon. Shall hold two regiments here to send down Cincinnati road. They will get their ammunition in the course of the night. Governor Morton requests that boats be sent down to Lawrenceburg, to meet troops and carry them down rive, if Morgan crosses Madison road and attempts to cross the Ohio above Madison. Love arrived at Vernon just in time to refuse a second demand for surrender of the town to Morgan. Hobson was at Vienna at 3.30 p.m. I have tried my utmost, through Love and Hughes, to get messengers to him. The Fifteenth Indiana Battery is on the way to Vernon, some two hours behind Wallace. Wallace telegraphed me from Columbus. I telegraphed him to push on without waiting for the battery. He took but about 1,500 men; was delayed waiting for ammunition, and finally started with about that number.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

MADISON, July 11, 1863. [Via Vevay, July 12.]

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The railroad and telegraph wire cut at Vernon at 5 p.m., stopping train of re-enforcements for Madison. The enemy moved on Paris, then to Vernon. My forces consist of 1,200 infantry, four pieces of artillery, and 150 cavalry, imperfectly and poorly provided with ammunition. We have from 300 to 500 without arms. Can you send me men, arms, and ammunition? The latter, for the Austrian rifle .54, and smooth musket .69; also 3-inch 6-pounder canister. Answer.

B. F. MULLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

