
COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 11, 1863.

[To the people of Ohio:]

The recent invasion of our sister State [Indiana] and the severe battles in Pennsylvania demonstrate the wisdom of the President's call upon us for 30,000 six months' volunteers. I am painted to announce to you that less than 2,000 men have responded to this call. This State must not be invaded. Rally, then, fellow-citizens, and respond to this call. Your crops will be as safe in your fields as they are in your barns. The several military committees are authorized to issue recruiting commissions for their respective counties, should they deem it advisable to do so. The several railroad companies of the State are requested to pass companies or squads of men, taking the receipt or voucher of the party in charge. All are requested to repair to the camps of rendezvous heretofore indicated, as early as Saturday night.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 11, 1863. [Received 8.10.]

General BURNSIDE:

Confiding as I do implicitly in your judgment as to the necessities of the service, I cheerfully assent to the proposition you make to declare martial law in this State. The people of Ohio will submit without a single murmur to every deprivation necessary to preserve our State from invasion, and all capable of bearing arms will promptly respond to any call you make upon them.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

FRANKFORT, July 11, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

You have my full concurrence in the measure proposed in your last dispatch.

J. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

VEVAY, July 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that I was ordered up the river by the commanding officer at Louisville with 1,850 men and six pieces of artillery. On Twelve-Mile Island captured 20 or Morgan's men and 45 horses, at 3 o'clock yesterday, who were endeavoring to cross from Kentucky to Indiana. They were part of 100 men who were discharged from Morgan's command at Springfield on the 5th, and had agreed to join his forces in Indiana. I reached Madison at 1 a.m. to-day. Last heard from Morgan was at 5 p.m. yesterday. He was said to be at Vernon; and between that place and Madison, I could get no definite information of him, and moved with my force to Carrollton, Ky. On arriving at Carrollton, I received a dispatch from commander of post at Madison, stating that a portion of Morgan's force was within 4 miles of town. If I receive no order within one hour from you, I will return to Madison, as it is impossible for me to determine at what point Morgan will attempt

