
to cross. There are three gunboats below this point and Madison. The reason I communicate with you is that I am cut off from my immediate command.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 12, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Indianapolis:

Have you any information? I am very anxious to hear, in order to decide as to sending troops from Lawrenceburg to Madison.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 12, 1863-6 a.m.

General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch received. I think our arrangements are as good as possible. The only chance of failure is in Morgan doubling on us by turning back, as I suggested last night, via Columbus, Brownstown, &amp;c. I will have troops at Mitchell. Wallace is reported at North Vernon. If Morgan has gone to Madison, Love and Wallace will soon be there. The following is Love's account of last night's affair:

Communication has been broken. My last was 9 p.m.; Sent flag of truce to Morgan, asking two hours to remove women and children. Gave thirty minutes, and said be would then open his artillery, which was in position. Sent women [and children out] as fast as possible, and posted my troops, expecting an attack every moment. Information just received leads me to believe he will not fight, but has gone toward Madison. Have sent scouts this moment, and will learn definitely in an hour, when the women and children can, I hope, be restored to their homes. Have heard nothing from Wallace and Hughes. We arrived just in time to save the town. Morgan's whole force was there.

LOVE,

Brigadier-General.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, July 12, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Indianapolis:

The operator at Osgood, which is but 5 miles from Versailles, says that there are no rebel troops at Versailles. There is a small party between there and Madison, on the Plank road. Have the troops started for Lawrenceburg?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JULY 12, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

I have transportation all ready to send to Lawrenceburg for troops, in case it is thought best to send them down the river. Give me the earliest information. I am satisfied that your troops are now in a good position to move to the place where they are most needed. I thought Madison strong enough to resist attack, but it would be well to get some re-enforcements. You get information that Morgan has certainly been on that place. I have notified gunboats that he may attempt to cross above Madison. The troop-boats can get the troops there, if you conclude to send them

