
Railroad. There is a report of a detachment turning from Dupont toward Madison. Do not know that it is true. Wallace telegraphs that Hobson was within 5 miles of Vernon at 12.30 this p.m., on the road to Dupont, after Morgan.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ALBANY, IND., July 12, 1863.

General BOYLE:

GENERAL: My scouts just returned. Forty-seven rebels attacked last night near Providence by Third Indiana Cavalry; wounded 3; took 19 prisoners. Still in pursuit.

THOS. W. FRY,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Vernon, July 12, 1863-3.40 a.m.

General BURNSIDE:

Arrived here at 6 last night, in time to answer Morgan's second demand for the town to surrender. Sent him word my force sufficient to hold the town. He said in thirty minutes would open his artillery. Got the women and children out as fast as possible, and made the best disposition possible with our small force and limited time. Expected an attack every minute, till 2 o'clock, when information I believe to be reliable leads me to believe he declines a fight and is hastening toward Madison; if so, he will reach the Ohio at Madison or vicinity about early dawn. I don't think he can escape. Information looks as if his command was wearied out and he anxious about his escape.

LOVE.

[Same to Boyle.]

[CINCINNATI], July 12, 1863.

General MANSON, Carrollton or Madison:

Move your whole force to Lawrenceburg at once, and if you find it occupied by the enemy, you will come here.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

VEVAY, July 12, 1863-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Chief of Staff:

Have received the general's dispatch, and will move immediately to the point ordered. I have 2,500 men. Enemy last heard from at Versailles, moving in direction of Aurora and Lawrenceburg. Will be at Aurora 4 a.m. to-morrow.

MAHLON D. MANSON.

CINCINNATI, July 12, 1863-6 a.m.

General HARTSUFF:

The Indiana militia brought Morgan to bay at Vernon, on the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad, last night. He declined to fight, and re-

