HEADQUARTERS, Munfordville, July 12, 1863.

Major General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

General Judah was at Elizabethtown on yesterday, waiting for transportation to Louisville, and, I suppose, is with part of his forces in Louisville before this. Colonel Horace Capron telegraphed me from Elizabethtown this morning for forage, saying his horses must be fed before they were cared for. I have sent him forage. I do not know what force General Judah has with him. General Manson, with three regiments of infantry, arrived in Louisville at 5.30 o'clock Friday morning, since when I have not heard from him. General Judah's division is thus disposed of. Colonel W. A. Hoskins, commanding infantry of Shackelford's brigade, has been ordered to Bowling Green, Ky.; was at Bear Wallow on yesterday. Colonel L. Brooks, commanding Hobson's brigade, is at Horse Cave and Cave City. I have the Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, left by General Manson, and the Twenty-seventh Kentucky Volunteers, battalion Thirty-third kentucky Volunteers, and section of Sixth Michigan Battery, General Boyle's battery, the Elgin and Henshaw's batteries; 1,500 men and twenty-three guns constitute forces at this post.

C. D. PENNEBAKER,Colonel, Commanding Post.

JULY 12, 1863.

Commander LEROY FITCH, New Albany:

The following just received from General Love:

VERNON, 12TH.

Arrived here 6 last night, in time to answer Morgan's second demand for the town to surrender. Sent him word my force was sufficient to hold the town. He said thirty minutes would open his artillery. Got the women and children out as fast as possible, and made the best disposition possible with our force and limited time. Expected an attack every minute till 2 o'clock, when information I believed to be reliable leads me to believe be declines a fight, and is hastening toward Madison. If so, he will reach the Ohio at Madison or vicinity about early dawn. I don't think he can escape. Information looks as if his command was wearied out and he anxious about his escape.

LOVE,

General.

It is possible that Morgan will try to get over above Madison. Please look to him there.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JULY 12, 1863.

Commanding Officer Gunboat Springfield:

I request you to move to Lawrenceburg at once to protect that place and Aurora. It is more than likely that Morgan will try to cross near one of those places. Report to me at Lawrenceburg. I will have a telegraph operator up all night. Don't fail to move at once. Acknowledge this. When will you be at Louisville?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

