
JULY 12, 1863-1 p.m.

Governor TOD, Columbus:

Will you please call for 20,000 militia, 5,000 of them to be from this city? Those from this city should be required to assemble to-morrow, the volunteers at 10 o'clock and the militia at 10.30. If you will order it, I will carry the order into effect. They should be principally from the southern part of the State.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.

[JULY 12, 1863.]

Whereas this State is in imminent danger of invasion by an armed force: Now, therefore, to prevent the same, I, David Tod, Governor of the State of Ohio, and commander-in-chief of the militia forces thereof, by virtue of the constitution and laws of said State, do hereby call into active service that portion of the militia force which has been organized into companies within the counties of Hamilton, Butler, Montgomery, Clermont, Brown, Clinton, Warren, Greene, Fayette, Ross, Monroe, Washington, Morgan, Noble, Athens, Meigs, Jacskon, Scioto, Adams, Vinton, Hocking, Lawrence, Pickaway, Franklin, Madison, Fairfield, Clarke, Preble, Pike, Gallia, Highland, and Perry. And I do hereby further order all such forces residing within the counties of Hamilton, Butler, Preble, and Clermont to report to Major General A. E. Burnside at his headquarters in the city of Cincinnati, who is hereby authorized and requested to cause said forces to be organized into battalions or regiments, and appoint all necessary officers therefor. And it is further ordered that all such forces residing in the counties of Montgomery, Warren, Clinton, Clarke, Greene, Pickaway, and Fairfield report forthwith, at Camp Chase, to Brigadier General John S. Mason, who is hereby authorized to organize said forces into battalions or regiments, and appoint temporary officers thereof. And it is further ordered that all such forces residing in the counties of Washington, Monroe, Noble, Meigs, Morgan, Perry, Hocking, and others, report forthwith to Colonel William R. Putnam, at Camp Marietta, who is hereby authorized to organize said forces into battalions or regiments, and appoint temporary officers thereof. And it is further ordered that all such forces residing in the counties of Scioto, Adams, Pike, Jackson, Lawrence, Gallia, and Vinton report forthwith to Colonel Peter Kinney, at Camp Portsmouth, who is hereby authorized to organize said forces into battalions or regiments, and appoint temporary officers thereof.

Each men is requested to furnish himself with a good serviceable blanket and tin cup. They will remain on duty, subject to the orders of their commanding officers, until further orders from these headquarters.

In organizing the forces into battalions and regiments, the volunteer companies, will, as far as practicable, be organized separately from the enrolled militia.

The commanders of companies will provide their respective commands with subsistence and transportation to the camps indicated, giving to the parties furnishing the same suitable vouchers therefor.

The commanders of the several camps will report, by telegraph, to the adjutant-general of Ohio every morning the number of men in camp.

It is confidently expected that this order will be obeyed with alacrity

47 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

