
and cheerfulness. It is issued upon the urgent solicitation of Major-General Burnside, commander-in-chief of the Department of the Ohio.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the great seal of the State of Ohio.

[SEAL.]

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, July 12, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Your telegram received.

Have issued a proclamation calling on the organized companies in the southern part of the State, directing those in the counties of Hamilton, Butler, Preble, and Clermont to report forthwith to you, and requesting you to organize them into regiments and appoint officers, and have directed those from the other counties to report at Camps Dennison, Chase, Marietta, and Portsmouth. Expect response of from 20,000 to 25,000.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

LOUISVILLE, July 13, 1863-1 a.m.

General HARTSUFF:

Judah arrived with portion of his forces. Balance will be here early this morning. Reports in regard to Morgan's movements are conflicting; but from information I have, it is my opinion that he has divided his forces, and may possibly attempt to return and cross the river below this city. I have sent an armed force down the river to intercept any parties attempting to cross.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, July 13, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Morgan, by last advices, was near Versailles, and north of Aurora. Hobson was near him. It was believed he would overtake Morgan today. Ferry-boats along the river and four gunboats to prevent his crossing. Don't believe he can escape. General Judah's command retained here by order of General Burnside, as it arrived too late to throw up the river by transports. It could move to-day, and reach the vicinity of Morgan by daylight to-morrow. Have captured over 100 of Morgan's men.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 13, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Send Judah's force up by steamers, with all the serviceable horses, and over 500 horses will be furnished to them here to replace the broken-down ones. Coal will be sent to Lawrenceburg if possible. Let the boats take on enough to last to this place if they can. Let there be no delay to send the force up.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

