
JULY 13, 1863.

Colonel LEWIS D. CAMPBELL, Hamilton:

General Cox has ordered Major Keith from Dayton to your city with his command. Can you not organize with this as a nucleus a sufficient force to hold the enemy in check, if they should attempt to cross at Harrison and come to your place? General Hobson is in close pursuit with a large body of cavalry. Keep scouts well out in the direction of Harrison. If they should attempt to cross they should be destroyed. Can they ford the river if the bridge is burned?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GUILFORD, July 13, 1863-2.15.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have reliable information that the enemy, about 3,000 strong, with artillery, crossed this road at Weisburg, 7 miles above this station, between 6 and 8 o'clock, following the road toward Harrison.

H. C. LORD.

LAWRENCEBURG, July 13, 1863-7 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND:

Just arrived with whole command. Cannot get any satisfactory information of the enemy. It is said he moved from Moore's Hill in direction of Summan, on the Indianapolis and Cincinnati Railroad, some time last night. I will wait orders here.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, July 13, 1863.

General M. D. MANSON, Lawrenceburg:

Your dispatch received. Keep your men on the boats. Oblige the citizens to throw mounted patrols well out, so as to keep you well posted as to enemy, and report to me frequently.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LAWRENCEBURG, July 13, 1863-12 m.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reliable information just received. Rebels crossed Indianapolis and Cincinnati Railroad at Harman's and Van Wedden's, going on the Harrison road. From best information I can get, they are going to Harrison. They burned the bridge at Guilford this morning, and scouts report them advancing on this place. I am of opinion it is but small party that has been left to commit depredations, for the purpose of covering Morgan's advance.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

