
CINCINNATI, July 14, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF, Lexington:

Morgan has crossed the Little Miami at Miamiville. Neff succeeded in saving the bridge and the camp. General Hobson is in pursuit, and we are making arrangements here to try and intercept him. Nothing definite received from the Army of the Potomac.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[Same to General Willcox.]

CINCINNATI, July 14, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

But for my extreme occupation, I should have telegraphed you before. Morgan crossed the Little Miami at Miamiville, and Hobson is about three or four hours in his rear. The gunboats have gone up to prevent crossing, and I am just arranging to start force up by boat. The chance for catching him is good.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, July 14, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

No news of Morgan this morning; he must be in Ohio, near Hamilton. Hobson was within few hours of him. Judah's whole command must be at Cincinnati this morning. General Burnside is attending to Morgan, and, I hope, will get him to-day. A young man named [Thomas] Wallace, a lieutenant, was paroled by some one, and is at Danville or that vicinity. He belonged to Morgan's command. I understand no one has a right to give such parole. What shall I do with a Confederate surgeon?

J. T. BOYLE.

GUILFORD, July 14, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

General Hobson moved from Harrison on Morgan's trail at 6 o'clock this a.m. Horses are worn out and Morgan will have to be checked from the front or Hobson will not overtake him.

J. A. CRAVENS,

Lieutenant, and Aide to General Hughes.

JULY 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES P. FYFFE, Ripley:

There is no necessity for the appearance of the militia from your county. I hope you will organize at once, and check the advance of Morgan until our forces come up. He crossed the Little Miami at Miamiville, and was making for Batavia at last accounts, and will, no doubt, try to cross the river near your place. Our cavalry is near your place. Our cavalry is close on his rear. You ought to destroy all means of crossing in your neighborhood. I sent you some ammunition for your guns by a gunboat.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

