
LEXINGTON, July 15, 1863-5.50.

General BURNSIDE:

Further information confirms the fact that Cumberland Gap and most of East Tennessee are evacuated, and the falsity of report that large body of enemy was approaching through Columbia. Report from Mount Sterling of approach of 500 or 600 rebels from direction of West Liberty. Will soon know truth. What news of Morgan? If he can cross between Maysville and Cincinnati, ought not a mounted force be sent to Falmouth or below to intercept him or drive him into the mountains?

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, July 15, 1863-10.50.

General BURNSIDE:

Cumberland and Big Creek Gaps are evacuated, and there is only a small force at Knoxville. The brigade at London was considerably injured in two spans by fire, but not destroyed. All quiet in front. The country is full of small parties of rebels. I am watching for and picking them up. What news of Morgan this a. m.? What shall be done with Lieutenant-Colonel Hanosn? He is still here awaiting your decision. He wanted to go to Winchester, but I could not permit him until you were heard from. Please give me latest news from Potomac.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

TWO MILES EAST OF WILLIAMSBURG,

July 15, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Morgan has gone in the direction of Hillsborough. He possibly designs crossing at Portsmouth. I am pushing on as fast as my stock and men can travel. If I had fresh cavalry to pursue with, or could get him intercepted, there would be some hope of capturing or dispersing his forces. It is difficult to procure fresh horses, as his advantages are superior to mine, and give him the benefit of all good horses on the route. Colonel Sanders reported to me this morning with 250 men. I have been expecting, from the tone of your dispatch yesterday, to have re-enforcements of 2,500 cavalry from the city, but have not heard anything of them. I will do the best I can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORTSMOUTH, July 15, 1863-5.30 p. m.

(Via Maysville, July 16-12.35 a. m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The enemy reached Jasper about 2 p. m. to-day. He will make for Jacksonville or Oak Hill, on the Scioto or Hocking Railroad. with the light before me, I have determined to move to Oak Hill. If anything occurs to change my determination, I will advise you of it. I have request Captain Fitch to move immediately, with the gunboats,

