
JACKTOWN, OHIO, July 16, 1863.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

Commanding Officer, Aberdeen:

I have one brigade 3 miles in advance of this place. His [Morgan's] route is either in direction of Chillicothe or Gallipolis. He is not more than 15 miles in advance of me. I am traveling 40 miles per day; men in good spirits; horse worn down; country very thought and rugged, but I will continue the pursuit as long as possible. Have sent forward to-day for purpose of blockading the road sight timber.

E. H. HOBSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 16, 1863.

General HOBSON, Piketon:

Push on rapidly with your command. Runkle reports that he is fighting at Berlin, east of Jackson, and Judah is between Morgan and Gallipolis. Manson is on the river in boats, to prevent crossing. Gunboats are at Gallipolis and above. Push on and catch Morgan, if possible. Answer before leaving Piketon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 16, 1863.

Captain HUNTER, Gallipolis:

Morgan is still reported at piketon, still moving east. We expect a considerable force from Cillicothe to reach Jackson to-night,a nd intercept him. A fleet of gunboats is in the river near Portsmouth, moving up, and transports with troops. We think this movement will protect your post, but if General Scammon can send you good regiment or battery to-night or early in the morning, it would make things sure. Send him a copy of this, and ask him if this will not be better than to runt he risk of Morgan's getting across into Virginia. His men are almost jaded to death, and will not fight if they meet bold resistance. Make the most of your military force.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 16, 1863.

Colonel PETER KINNERY, Portsmouth:

Sufficient force is on the road, and will reach you before Morgan can. Be sure that the direction for obstructing the roads are spread all along the Scioto to Piekton, and from there to Chillicothe. If this is properly attended to, Morgan will be caught.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

MAYSVILLE, July 16, 1863.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND:

Captured one of Morgan's men. He says Morgan is pushing for the mountains, and expects to cross the Ohio at the mouth of Big Sandy, or at some point in vicinity. Hobson attacked rear guard at Williamsburg yesterday. I have heard nothing of Judah. He will be too late

