
organizing a force for home defense, and requested the citizens of the town to attend. The evening being bad, a few only attended, and another meeting was called for next day, which was pretty well attended. The object of the meeting was stated by myself to be that all who were willing to help defend the town and their property incase an attack should be made by the rebels, would be required to enroll their names; that they would not be required to drill or do picket duty, but merely, at a certain signal, to repair to the fortifications, and there assist in repelling an attack, and that those who were not willing to enroll themselves would be arrested and put to work on the fortifications. A few only refused to enroll their names, and they were, some of them, put on the fortifications a short time. On the 10th, three who had enrolled leave, of a nomination for that purpose, came to headquarters and requested to have their names taken off the list, alleging that they could not conscientiously fight against Morgan and his band. I caused their names to be taken off, as desired, and then drew up an order sending them south, a copy of which I send herewith.* Their time has been extended, and, doubting my authority to make such an order, I deem it my duty to lay the facts before you. These gentlemen are all rebel sympathizers, and Hines has two brothers with Morgan. I understand a petition is being prepared to be sent to my superiors in their behalf. If I have the power, I shall be inclined to carry out my order, and if I have not, I recommend that these men be sent south of our lines, if those lines can be reached. Men who are so disloyal that they cannot help defend their town and neighbors against such thieves as Morgan and his band, ought not to live in this community while the war lasts, and, besides, they, by their conduct, whether intended or not, attempted to defy the military authority here. The leader Foster, it is true, alleges other reasons than those given above, but I have no doubt that was the real one. I am more convinced than ever that decisive measures persisted in are necessary in dealing with the rebels in this State. They are becoming emboldened at the prospect of being allowed to vote at the coming election for candidates that are courting their favor.

I send certificates of Dr. [James M.] Bailey, post surgeon, in relation to the health of young Hines.

Very respectfully,

CICERO MAXWELL,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteers Infantry, Commanding Post.

JULY 16, 1863.

Whereas the military force now assembled at Camp Chase, in obedience to my proclamation of the 12th instant, contains int he aggregate a larger military force than it is ow deemed necessary to maintain, it is hereby ordered that one-half the number of privates in each company organization be at once dismissed and sent to their respective homes, and relived from further service under said call. The commanding officers of the several company organizations shall determine by lot the names of the members of their command who are thus relieved from duty. The two volunteer companies from the counties of Delaware and Campaign, who generously volunteered their services, are relieved from all further service.

The promptness and alacrity with which the troops now relieved

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

