
BERLIN, July 17, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The enemy renewed his attack on my front, and in double my numbers, outflanking me on my right and left. They had several pieces of artillery, part rifled; shelled my position, and made demonstration to surround me. After the militia heard the shells and my men had been driven out of the town, it was as much as I could do to hold my position,a nd impossible to take the offensive. I would not move the undrilled militia at all. We detained them over three hours, killed 4, and this was all I could possibly do. The enemy withdrew on the Wilkesville and Pomeroy road. The Second Ohio Cavalry did not arrive. Colonel Gilmore, with 1,000 men, failed to arrive, leaving but 1,500 men. They burned the furnaces. I wait orders.

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel.

BERLIN, VA HAMDEN,

July 17, 1863-5 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

The rebels are going to Pomeroy or Gallipolis; probably the latter. Morgan's whole force was here. They went a ;distance on Oak Hill road and came back.

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel.

JULY 17, 1863.

Colonel RUNKLE, Berlin:

Send messenger and copy of this dispatch back to General Hobson to hurry up and overtaken Morgan to-night. If he can get his artillery and 1,500 men up, he can whip him, I think. Judah ought to be on the enemy's flank by this time. You can join Hobson with any mounted force you have. Morgan ought to be caught.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HAMDEN, July 17, 1863.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

I forwarded your dispatches by a swift courier to Hobson. Have not heard a word from General Judah. I suppose he turned east below Jackson, so as to strike the Gallipolis road. I have sent Colonel Gilbert, with his regiment, to Athens. Will do all in my power to carry out your instructions.

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

JULY 17, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN P. RUNKLE, Hamden:

As the enemy have passed you, all you can do is to telegraph and send messenger by swiftest conveyance to Athens and other points along the Marietta road, and to Pomeroy, to get out the militia and obstruct the roads. Do this speedily and thoroughly. A very short delay of Morgan must enable our force to overtake him. Communicate also

