
most unequal contest with the same force, only yielding when entirely surrounded, and the town was being burned over their heads, further resistance being impossible.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PARKERSBURG, July 18, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

One of my messengers just in, and reports Morgan at Chester, 16 miles from here, and 5 miles from Pomeroy, at 4 p. m.

Four hundred militia went down to buffington, with artillery, yesterday. Lieutenant Conine is at Little Hocking Bridge, with 1,200 men. I have no steamboat; expecting one down hourly, from Pittsburg, drawing 30 inches. The ferry boat, drawing 26 inches, is at Blennerhassett's Island, helping off steamer Eagle, which draws 36 inches. Stores all in parkersburg, on Virginia side. Can use floats, if necessary, to help artillery or men.

A. V. BARRINGER,

Captain, and Commissary of Subsistence.

CINCINNATI, July 18, 1863.

Captain BARRINGER, Parkersburg:

Keep the boats on your side the river, and let nothing pass below for the present. Send messenger to Conine, asking him to scout the country well, and urge the blockading of the roads from Big Hocking to Athens. Will telegraph Colonel Wallace.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

ATHENS, [July 18, 1863.]

General BURNSIDE:

I have obtained the following from the military committee:

We sent out yesterday at 4 p. m. 100 men with axes, under Lieutenant Long, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, with 50 scouts, to impede Morgan's progress; also 250 armed men from our country to their support. We have had dispatches from our front this forenoon, saying that Morgan was moving on line of road through Rutland to Pomeroy. Our forces expected that they would move to get on his front in case he moved to go up the river. Colonel Gilmore's forces moved from here this morning at 3 . m. on the line of our force. Will have 50 mounted men here waiting our order, and we are all the time at our headquarters, and will forward any dispatches you may wish to any point desired.

M. M. GREENE,

Chairman Athens County Military Committee.

CINCINNATI, July 18, 1863.

HAMILTON GRAY, Maysville:

Morgan was not captured at last accounts. We hope to get him before he crosses. Will send you word as soon as he is.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

49 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

