
JULY 18, 1863.

Commanding Officer or Operator at Hamden:

Send following dispatch to General Hobson by swift courier:

General HOBSON:

Push your command to the utmost of its capacity. If you can overtake Morgan whit half your force, I am satisfied you can whip him. Judah ought to have been in front of Morgan, but stopped at Centreville last night. Left there this morning at 5 in pursuit. Send message by this courier.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

P. S.-General Hobson no doubt passed through Jackson this morning.

GALLIPOLIS, July 18, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

A part of Morgan's forces camped 15 miles from here last night. He is supposed to be in neighborhood of Pomeroy. General Scammon, with a portion of his command, left her early this morning. Three gunboats above. Re-enforcements, infantry and artillery, en route from the Kanawha. I can hold this place. Hobson and Judah about 10 miles behind Morgan. He will likely be surrounded to-morrow, if line is closed between Hamden and Athens.

A. A. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

POMEROY, July 18, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I marched all night from Portsmouth, and continued to Centreville yesterday. Morgan's advance got to within 4 miles of me ignorantly, then fell back, and made for Keystone Furnace, Rutland, and Chester. I pushed on to this side of Rutland. All information assures me that Morgan passed Chester some three hours since, for Buffington Island. So certain, that I send word to Hobson to push on all that can keep up in track of enemy, via Chester. I move in less than one hour to buffington, via Racine, my best road. Moving thus, Morgan is in a trap, from which he can's escape. I think I will be able to telegraph you his defeat to-morrow morning, should he have taken the rout I am almost certain he has. A prisoner, who has been with Morgan all day, and released and came on foot from Chester, tells me that Morgan thinks Hobson has given out and given up pursuit. He does not know my position. He thinks he can manage the gunboats whit his 10-pounder pieces. Scammon has gone from here to Buffington. I have sent boat to Gallipolis for rations for Hobson and myself.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

PORTSMOUTH, July 18, 1863-7.30 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

I overtook Genera Judah last night at 9 o'clock at Centreville. morgan changed his course, and took direct road for Pomeroy. Judah will start this morning, at 5, in pursuit. What shall I do?

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

