
CINCINNATI, July 18, 1863.

General MANSON, Portsmouth:

Have any of your command gone up the river? Am I to understand that Judah was at Centreville last night with his whole force, and was to leave there this morning at 5? Did you leave any of your command with him? Telegraph all you know of the position of the enemy. It was reported at Pomroy that he was at Rutland at 2 this morning.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

PORTSMOUTH, July 18, 1863-9 [a. m.]

Major-General BURNSIDE:

There is none of my command up the river. I had 1,000 men 10 miles up the river, but they returned last night. Left Judah's whole force at Centreville at 10 o'clock last night. There are no troops of my command with him except 150 cavalry. Judah told me he would leave in pursuit this morning at 5 o'clock. The enemy took the Vinton road to Pomeroy. I have no doubt but that Morgan will cross at Blennerhassett's Island. Hobson left Piketon yesterday at 4 p. m., in pursuit. I do not think I can do any good by going up the river, as the distance is too great. Will wait here for orders.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, July 18, 1863.

Colonel PUTNAM, Marietta:

A battery has been shipped to you by rail. Please see that at all points between Marietta and Athens the people blockade the roads, so that Morgan cannot dodge north between those places. This is very important. No gap must be left. There is abundant force around him if this is done.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 18, 1863.

Colonel PUTNAM,

Commanding at Marietta:

If Morgan should be turned back from the Ohio, he will, no doubt, move up to cross at Blennerhassett's, or will try to seize the bridge at Marietta. You must not allow him to do this. the planking can be torn up, and rifle-pits to protect infantry can be constructed at the bridge-heads of both the railroad and city bridge. The roads approaching your place, I hope, are well obstructed. I understand there is no bridge this side of Zanesville. Send up the river, and have all means of crossing removed. I will try to get a battery to you before morning. How many armed men have you? Have you any artillery?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

