
PARKERSBURG, July 18, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

My command ;consists of 300 infantry and a battery of four guns-10-pounders; all from Camp Chase.

WM. WALLACE,

Colonel Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

JULY 18, 1863.

Colonel WALLACE, Parkersburg:

Send one gun and caisson, to report to commanding officer at Marietta, to protect bridge, if necessary; one to Captain Conine, at Little Hocking Bridge, and keep the other two with you at Parkersburg, to protect that place and the ford at Blennerhassett's. Keep that ford well watched, and be ready to send force down on the Virginia side, to protect it with a gun. You will also hold yourself in readiness to support Conine or Marietta by going gap in boats. Let all the boats be kept on the Virginia side, ready to load up with troops and guns. I think Conine will be able to hold them in check if they move toward Marietta. Let the guns for Marietta and Conine be sent at once. The one for Conine should have a company with it for support. You will remain in command of Parkersburg and Blennerhassett's.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CAIRO, July 18, 1863.

General ASBOTH, Columbus, Ky.:

General Schofield telegraphs me as follows:

The Tenth Kansas Infantry and the First Kansas Battery are sent to you to meet a supposed emergency. I shall require them as soon as that is past. Do not send any part of them away from Cairo unless absolutely necessary.

Shall I send the battery?

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

PARKERSBURG, July 19, 1863.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

I sent three reliable men down on the Virginia side this a. m. As they approached Belleville, 18 miles below, at noon, the advance of the enemy was just crossing, the or twelve having waded. They report having seen the smoke from a boat about 2 miles below, which was reported a gunboat. They were obliged to retire from their position, losing sight of the river, but the boat continued forward, and heavy firing was immediately heard. They saw no artillery with the enemy. Have dispatched other scouts in same direction.

A. V. BARRINGER,

Captain.

ATHENS, July 19, 1863-8 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

We have positive information by one of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry, whom we know, who left General Hobson's advance at Rutland at 5

