
of Henshaw's battery, and Captain Grafton, probably, who is missing. Captain Rue was immediately paroled, as was Captain Henshaw, as I have learned. The enemy at this time captured one of Captain Henshaw's pieces, which I had ordered but could not get into position. I immediately formed, and advanced my force and attacked him. In less than half hour, I recaptured the piece he had captured. Captured two other pieces, one a Rodman gun, and drove him in great confusion upon General Hobson, who was advancing upon the road via Chester. A party is now out ascertaining the enemy's loss, which must be considerable. I have 10 prisoners, one a lieutenant. The enemy has scattered in the woods. Hobson has a bridge of his force after them. We both move upon him immediately. Scammon is here with two regiments of infantry. At my suggestion he sends them upon boats, under convoy of a gunboat, to Blennerhassett's Island. I don't see ;how the enemy can cross to escape in a body. He is very much demoralized. Captain [Calvin C.] Morgan told Captain Rue that General Morgan attacked me with certainty of whipping me. Hobson has captured five of his guns, instead of three, besides immense quantities of camp equipage, horses, wagons, &amp;c., enough to load a steamboat.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Buffington Bar, July 19, 1863-10 a. m. (Received July 23.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Agreeably with my promise by telegraph last night, I announce the defeat of Morgan's force. I traveled all night from Pomeroy; reached Buffington Flats at 5.30 this morning. A dense for pervades everything. I took a small advance guard, and, with my escort, advanced with my staff, to reconnoiter down a road surrounded by inclosed fields. I had proceeded cautiously but one-fourth of a mile, when I found myself surrounded by the enemy, in front and on my flanks, dismounted, who poured in heavy fire. Before I could get a piece of artillery in position, it was captured. Two men were killed-Major McCook and Lieutenant Price-and some enlisted men wounded; Captain Kise, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Grafton, volunteer aide-de-camp, with about 30 men, were captured. Finding it impossible to resist the heavy force of three regiments brought up against me, led by Basil [W.] Duke, I retreated upon the main body, brought it into action, and, in less than half an hour, completely routed the enemy. I recaptured the piece I lost; captured large quantities of camp equipage, two pieces of the enemy's artillery, and forced him to abandon the only three he had left, driving him upon General Hobson. Particulars given more fully in report. Large numbers of prisoners taken. Enemy's los not yet ascertained; it cannot fall short of 100 killed and wounded.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

BUFFINGTON BAR, [July 19, 1863]-1 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

General Hobson is here with me. My position as his division commander, with an inferior force to his, and both distinct and separate

