
and operating together, is anomalous, and, under the circumstances, I cannot believe that you desire to maintain me in it. My courier will await your reply by telegraph.

Two regiments surrendered to General Hobson's force this a. m. More are constantly coming in. Eighty just surrendered to a part of my escort. The complications resulting from two separate commands, each having its prisoners, &amp;c., are so perplexing that I have assumed command of all the forces now operation at this point. It could not well be avoided, unless I gave up command and left everything to General Hobson or some one else. Prisoners have to be cared for, provision made for their substance and transportation, the resources for which are not at hand for two district headquarters. Please signify your approval, or otherwise. Where do you wish prisoners forwarded to? I telegraphed to Galli[polis for subsistence supplies yesterday, to arrive to-day. They have not come. Will your order them at once? We have no rations for either men or prisoners. There should be some four or five steamboats sent here for prisoners as they arrive.

In assuming command of the forces operating together, I will see that General Boson receives the fullest credit for the operations of the force under his immediate command.

Later, 2 p. m.-The prisoners brought in by Hobson's forces reach 575. General Hobson expect large numbers from Wolford's command, soon expected in.

Later.-Wolford has 275 coming in. Unless your order to the contrary, I shall take from prisoners all money and watches, stolen so freely from our citizens, keep an accurate account,a nd turn the whole over to any officer you may designate. Colonel [R. C.] Morgan (brother of the general) among the prisoners; also Colonel [W. W.] Ward.

H. M. JUDAH.

JULY 19, 1863.

General JUDAH, Buffington:

Don't allow anything to stop the pursuit and capture of the enemy. Either Hobson or yourself have sufficient force to do this, and either one that retards this will assume a heavy responsibility, which will bring its retribution. Again I say the enemy must be pursued and captured. General Hobson has been in pursuit for many days, and he has done a good work, and he must not be balked. You understand my wishes, and I am sure you will carry them out. I thank you both for the work already done.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 19, 1863.

General MANSON, Portsmouth:

Please send any stores or supplies you may have on hand up to General Judah, at Buffington or Pomeroy, at once, and move your command down here immediately. Any surplus boats there may be at Portsmuth will be sent to Buffington at once for prisoners. Tell the force at Portsmouth to look out for any small parties of Morgan's command that may break off.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

