
portion of my command is with Colonel Runkle, at Scott's Landing, which, so far as we hear now, can be of no service. I have suggested to Colonel Runkle to move west, to Big Run at least, if not to this point.

WM. E. GILMORE,

Colonel.

BUFFINGTON, July 20, 1863.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: General Judah left this place this morning, placing me in command of all the forces at this point. My command, assigned to me by Major-General Burnside, have lost no time in pursuing the rebels; they are now out in every direction. My command took the principal part of the prisoners sent down this morning, Basil [W.] Duke heading the list. Up to this time I have captured over 700 rebels, and have favorable reports from Colonel Wolford and General Shackelford. I will communicate from time to time my movements. I will expect to receive orders from you.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BUFFINGTON BAR, July 20, 1863.

(Received July 21.)

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND:

I have just received 81 prisoners from General Shackelford and Colonel Wolford. At Chester there are 135 more captured by the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry. My command is scouting in every direction. Of those sent from this place to-day, 600 were captured by my command, including Cols. Dick [R. C.] Morgan, Smith, Duke, Ward, and others; also the notorious Captain [T. H.] Hines. My troops fought at two points on yesterday. The citizens have buried 47 rebels, and Dr. Scriven buried 7. They are perfectly demoralized, broken up, and are endeavoring to escape in small squads. I will use every exertion to capture them all. The pursuit of Morgan has been difficult, and required a vast amount of patience and industry to effect a success. I have Colonel [J. M.] Huffman, brought in since I commenced writing, also several surgeons, as prisoners; the colonel is wounded.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 20, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I respectfully suggest that all moneys found upon the officers and men of Morgan's command may be place din the hands of some responsible officer, they having robbed our citizens indiscriminately, and extorted large sums from property holders to save their property from destruction, &amp;c.

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Governor's Private Secretary.

