
JULY 20, 1863.

General MANSON, Commanding:

The general commanding directs that you send back to Portsmouth one battery and a force of infantry, say 1,000 strong, to hold that place against any counter movement of the enemy. Information, arrived since the order to leave was sent, states that the enemy, some 2,000 strong, are moving back from the river, and it is possible he may attempt to cross at Portsmouth. Send the swiftest boats, so as to be there in ample time, and report arrival by telegraph.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 20 [19?], 1863.

J. D. OSBORNE, Louisville Journal:

We have reliable reports from Buffington that our forces under Hobson had an engagement with the enemy this p. m. at that place. We captured over 1,000 prisoners, all their guns, and completely routed the whole force. Colonel Dick [R. C] Morgan and Colonel Ward are among the prisoners. The enemy are broken up in small squads, and are completely surrounded by our forces. We look for further news during the night. We lost neither officers nor men.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

SCOTT'S LANDING, July 20, 1863-11.45 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The rebels are reported as having turned and gone down the river toward Pomeroy, Letart, and Long Bottom. He is gong down west branch of Shade River. They are reported to have thrown away their guns, and many of them have taken to the woods and turned citizens. I have issued a call to the people to turn out and arrest every man found in the country who cannot give an account of himself.

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

JULY 20, 1863.

Colonel RUNKLE, Marietta:

Captain Shields is on his way to join you with a battery. The train is now at Hamden,and will reach your place by 3 or 4 o'clock. Have an officer to meet them, and, if there is no need of the, you can order them to remain on the cars preparatory to returning here at once. The horses can be taken out and watered. What news have you?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 20, 1863.

Hon E. M. STANTON:

Morgan's forces are completely routed. We have taken all his artillery and about 1,000 prisoners, and shall lay gentle hands on the balance.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

