
JULY 20, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Commanding of the Militia Forces now assembled at Camp Chase:

SIR: The gratifying intelligence which we have this morning of the capture and destruction of a portion of John [H.] Morgan's forces renders it safe and expedient to further reduce the force under your command. It is, therefore, ordered that all of the ordinary militia forces now assembled at Camp Chase, in obedience to my proclamation of the 12th instant, be at once discharged from further service, thus retaining only the volunteer militia forces.

The commanders of the companies hereby discharged will apply to Quartermaster-General Wright for transportation for their respective commands. You will furnish each command with such quantity of cooked rations as will be sufficient to subsist them comfortably till they can reach their respective homes.

You will deliver to the commanding officer of each company duplicate blank pay-rolls, with instruction that they make up the same at the earliest practicable moment, and, when thus mad up, that they be forwarded to Adjutant-General Hill.

I cannot permit the forces now discharged to leave without first tendering to them, in behalf of the people of the State, my profound thanks for the prompt and cheerful manner in which they responded to the call made upon them, and also for their orderly and soldierly conduct when in camp.

It is true that the enemy did not see proper to visit the capital of our State, but it is believed that the presence of so large a force as that which assembled at Camp Chase prevented this visit. Hence we are justified in believing that this assemblage preserved the archive of our State and the money in the vaults of the treasury.

The gallant men now discharged, then, should not for a moment be made to believe that they have not render deficient aid to the State they all love so well.

You will read this order to all the militia forces now under your command.

DAVID TOD,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

FOOT OF BLENNERHASSETT'S ISLAND, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I reached this ford last night. Was detained ont he bar several hours. General Scammon came up from below with transports and troops. Ordered me to remain here, as his troops for Hocking. i have my troops and artillery on Virginia side in good position. Lieutenant Conine sends me information just now that scouts report the rebels as having turned and marching in the direction of Pomeroy. What shall I do?

WM. WALLACE,

Colonel Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

POMEROY, July 21, 1863-3 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

I have just returned from Champaign Creek and Cheshire. one thousand and twenty prisoners are on the river at the latter place.

