
POMEROY, July 21, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Most of the captured horses belong to farmers, who are suffering for the want of them. are you willing that they be restored to owners upon affidavit of proprietorship, the whole to be collected here, and place din hands of the provost-marshal of this county or some other agent or officer? I am beleaguered with applications for restoration.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JULY 21, 1863.

General MASON,

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I am pretty well satisfied that Morgan, with the remainder of his force, is moving in the direction of Logan, and thence to Anesville, to cross the bridge there over the Muskingum, and, after destroying the bridge, proceed to some point when they can cross the Ohio too high up for the gunboats to reach. What force can you spare to send to Zanesville to guard that bridge? Please answer at once, and have train ready to carry the forces. The force of the enemy cannot, I think, exceed 500, and we have, 1,000 picked men close on his heels. There will be hardly time to send a force from here, but I will try to do so if you cannot send them from your place.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 21, 1863.

NOAH L. WILSON, Chillicothe:

Can you not organize force enough to repel 500 cavalry? I do not think they will go to your place, but it will be well to be ready. if you can order and engine from Hamden, to move carefully, it will be well. Answer.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 21, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Detroit:

Governor TOD, Columbus:

All of Morgan's force is now captured but 700, and he escaped with them, under a flag of truce. Our forces are still in hot pursuit, and it is now reported that he is captured, but not officially. Duke, Hines, Dick [R. C.] Morgan, and a great number of other officers are in our hands. Hope to wind it up to-day. We have taken all the artillery and plunder.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., July 21, 1863.

Hon GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

Since Morgan crossed into Indiana, Lieutenant Commander LeRoy Fitch, with the gunboats under his command, has been constantly following

50 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

