
him up the Ohio River. He has prevented him from crossing at several points, and has at last engaged hi, with great success. I have just received the following telegram:

U. S. STEAMER MOOSE,

Above Buffington Island, Ohio River, July 19, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Vicksburg:

(Care Fleet Captain A. M. Penncok, Cairo.)

After chasing Morgan nearly 500 miles I at last met him on the river at this point. I engaged and drove him back, capturing two pieces of his artillery. He abandoned rest to General Judah. His forces broke in confusion from the banks, and left his wagon train, many horses, and small-arms in my possession. General Judah is now in pursuit of the remnant of his forces.

Since writing the above, I followed farther on up the river; met another portion of his forces fording 14 miles above; shelled and drove most of them back; killed several; 25 or 30 were wounded; captured 15 or 20 more horses. I have but two men wounded-slightly. Shoal and very swift water has been much to my disadvantage to-day. Must move below Buffington to-night, in consequence of falling water. Our shell and shrapnel created great confusion in the rebel ranks, killing and wounding many.

LEROY FITCH,

Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Navy.

A. M. PENNCOK,

Fleet Captain and Commander of Station.

JULY 21, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Commander of Militia forces at Camp Chase:

The glorious news of the capture and destruction of Morgan's command, which has just reached me in a reliable form, enables me now to order that the entire volunteer militia force assembled at Camp Chase, under my proclamation of the 12th instant, be discharged from further service.

You will there assemble the men, and, after furnishing each squad with such cooked rations as may be necessary to subsist them to their respective homes, discharge them from further service. The commanders of the several companies or squads will be furnished transportation for themselves and commands by calling upon Quartermaster-General Wright. You will also issue to the several commanders duplicate blank pay-rolls, with instructions that they be filled up and returned to Adjutant-General Hill as soon as practicable.

Assure the men now discharged that the people of Ohio will ever feel grateful to them for their promptness in responding to the call of the Executive in the hour of danger to their sacred homes. I avail myself of this opportunity, general, to return you my thanks for the prompt, able, and efficient manner in which you have discharged the delicate duties committed to your hands.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

CINCINNATI, July 22, 1863.

M. M. GREENE, Athens, Ohio:

Dispatch of 3.15 received. Let your people make strong fight if Morgan comes near you. He is so exhausted and dispirited that he will be easily whipped, and is by this time short of ammunition. Communicate

