
down. They seem to be in camp in front a few miles off. I have no idea of their numbers; negroes say they have infantry, cavalry, and artillery there. We have out a strong picket force. To-day we sent in 39 wagons of forage; 4 rebels and 2 horses were killed, and the wounded not known-a woman says 15.

There is a lack of ammunition for the battery, only 100 rounds; I have sent for more. I suppose the ammunition, the cannon, and a cavalry company will come out in the morning, unless otherwise ordered by you. I sent in the cannon for repairs to-day, and a cavalry company goes in to-night.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HDQRS. COMPANY M, SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Franklin, Tenn., March 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General GILBERT,Commanding Forces, Franklin, Tenn.:

SIR: In accordance with a verbal order received from you to-day at noon, requiring me to visit the command of Colonel Coburn and notify you of his condition and the probable force of the enemy, I have the honor to submit the following report:I found Colonel Coburn and his command about 4 miles from Franklin, on the Columbia pike, on the ground occupied by him during the skirmish a few hours before. I was shown the ground upon which the enemy were drawn up in line before the skirmish; it was between 400 and 500 yards in length. After a short fight, the enemy had been driven from his position in some disorder. Soon after the skirmish, the cavalry, under Colonel Jordan, had been sent over to the Lewisburg pike to look after a force said to be there. From what information I can gather, and my own estimate of the enemy's numbers, from the extent of his line, and the ground over which it was drawn up, I do not think there are 1,000 men, all cavalry, and three pieces of artillery.

Colonel Jordan reported in person to Colonel Coburn, stating that he had found a force on the Lewisburg pike, and left the Second Michigan Cavalry to hold it in check. The command moved forward a mile or more, meeting with no resistance. Colonel Coburn said he would go into camp there for the night, as it was then late, and his cavalry was not all in; he was also short of artillery ammunition. He is in a good deal of doubt as to the intentions of the enemy, and not over-confident.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

THOMAS W. JOHNSTON,

Captain Second Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Company M.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Franklin, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

SIR: As the senior officer remaining of the expedition to Spring Hill, as directed by Special Orders, Numbers 15, from the headquarters of Brigadier-General Gilbert, commanding at Franklin, Tenn., I beg leave to

