
place, move your command there. Report when you do so, and if we get any information in mean time will send it.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 22, 1863.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

Having disposed so handsomely of Morgan, you had better keep your troops in service for an emergency until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, July 23, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

By dispatch from Colonel Lemert, just received, I am informed the enemy, 1,000 strong, crossed Muskingum 20 miles below Zanesville, at 10 o'clock this morning. I have no troops to send from here. Advise you send a regiment at once by rail to Cambridge, or some point east of there.

DAVID TOD.

Governor.

ZANESVILLE, [July] 23, 1863.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

At 1 o'clock last night Morgan reported approaching Eagleport. I dispatched 300 men to hold a position 3 1/2 miles south of this city, on the read leading to Beavertown. It was thought that Morgan's force might attempt passage at Eagleport or Duncan's Falls, on Muskingum River. Eagleport is 20 miles and Duncan's Falls 10 miles from here, on Muskingum River. I prepared to move my remaining forces to these points at 12 o'clock last night. At 1 o'clock I received information that they were approaching both these fords, instead of taking a direct rout to Zanesville. I received transportation at 3.20 this morning. Sent Lieutenant-Colonel McFarland, with four companies of Eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, to help the militia at that point. At 6 this a. m. I sent one company of infantry to the ford at Duncan's Falls. Colonel McFarland's force did not reach Eagleport in time to prevent them crossing. The effort to cross at Dunacn's Falls was not continued. I am informed all of Morgan's force crossed at Eagleport; scout just arrived reports fight progressing. I am sending out all the balance of my own regiment and four companies of militia to re-enforce Eagleport. Transportation scarce; men have all their horses in the country. I shall give them 500 of re-enforcements in two hours. The force of my command at Eagleport is 400 strong; 200 more are within 6 miles of there, marching toward Eagleport. I have just ordered out militia in that direction, and will now start with the rest of the command. The information furnished by my scouts has been so confused that it was impossible judiciously and promptly [sic]. The remainder of the militia at this point I have ordered to take position for the defense of bridges over the Muskingum at this place. I will report to you again in two or three hours.

[W. C.] LEMERT,

Colonel Eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

