
the Third Ohio, which we will send at once to Zanesville or Cambridge. We sent Captain Neil, with two pieces of artillery, at 3.30 this p. m.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

CHANDLERSVILLE, July 23, 1863-5 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: I have overtaken my mounted men at Chandlersville. I have ordered my infantry back to Zanesville, except 90 strong. Scouts say Morgan is heading for Cumberland, Guernsey County. I shall get there with my mounted force to head him, if possible; if too late, I shall give General Shackleford my horses, if I can find him. Morgan is pushing direct for the Ohio.

LEMERT,

Colonel Eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 23, `863.

Governor TOD:

The cavalry is about loaded, and will start very soon. I have just succeeded in getting from Kentucky 400 more cavalry and a section of artillery, which will commence loading at 3 o'clock in the morning, and will hasten on. I am either up all night or have an officer up, so that it will not be necessary for you to keep up all night, but I would be glad to have you keep a messenger up. The forces will not reach Columbus until near morning, and Newark until quite morning.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, July 23, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General Mason is out at camp, and I cannot see him. The force you send is precisely what is wanted, and all that is wanted. I will send my quartermaster-general to Newark with the forces, and will remain at my spot all night to direct him. We have no troops here except raw militia. There are plenty of such forces new after Morgan. I will, however, send out some arms and ammunition.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

JULY 23, 1863.

Colonel RUNKLE, Marietta, Ohio:

If you can get a steamboat of sufficiently light draught to patrol the river above Marietta up to Wheeling, place on it a couple of pieces of artillery, with 300 or 400 picked men, and endeavor to delay Morgan's crossing until Shackleford can come up. Morgan crossed the Muskingum this morning at Eagleport. Keep scouts well out to give you information of his approach. Shackleford is in close pursuit.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

