
CINCINNATI, July 23, 1863.

Colonel RUNKLE, Scott's Landing:

Remnant of enemy, 300, reported crossed Muskingum this morning at Eagleport. Communicate with all forces near you, and see what can be done from Marietta to intercept them. Where is Wallace's boat and force? Communicate with him, if possible.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 23, 1863.

Colonel WALLACE (care of Colonel Runkle),

Marietta, Ohio, and Parkersburg, W. Va.:

The remainder of Morgan's force has crossed the Muskingum at Eagleport, and will probably attempt to cross the Ohio at some point between Marietta and Wheeling. By moving up the river above Marietta with your force on a boat, and keeping scouts well out, to give you information of their approach, you will probably be able to delay their crossing until Shackelford comes up in their rear. He is in close pursuit. I will direct Colonel Runkle to put a portion of his force on a boat, if he can get one at Marietta, to co-operate with you, and will also try to get a boat for the force to move down from Wheeling.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

SCOTT'S LANDING, July 23, 1863.

(Received July 23-2 p. m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: Colonel [William] Wallace is between Morgan and the river, with mounted infantry and artillery. His steamer with artillery is patrolling the river. I will have another on its way in an hour. I will communicate with Wallace if I can catch him.

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

JULY 23, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Wheeling, W. Va.:

The remainder of Morgan's force (some 400 or 500) crossed the Muskingum at Eagleport this morning, and will, no doubt, shriek the Ohio River at some point between your city and Marietta. If you have a light-draught boat, and can put a piece of artillery on it, with some 200 or 300 men, you may be able to assist in delaying his crossing until General Shackelford, who is in hot pursuit, comes up with him. The force you have at Wheeling should be held in readiness to co-operate in case Morgan should attempt to cross above or near Wheeling. Two bats, with artillery and infantry on board, have gone up the river from Marietta. If you send a boat down, place on it picked men, who will not think of surrendering.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General MASON, Columbus:

Yours received. We had before heard of the skirmish at Eagleport, and Lemert is ordered to press Morgan hard. We have also ordered

