
Wallace up the river from Parkersburg, to intercept him, and notified [commanding officer at] Wheeling to co-operate with him. Runkle and the force at Marietta have similar orders. Shackelford is close behind on the west, and part of Hobson's and Judah's forces pressing up from the south. You had better give notice all along the line of the Central road. Morgan's force is so reduced that the militia can destroy him if they will act vigorously, even is small parties. Lemert was not in time to intercept him.

J. D. COX.

JULY 23, 1863.

Captain W. C. THORPE, U. S. Army, Wheeling:

The indications now are that Morgan will pass through Barnesville, and attempt to cross at Sunfish, Captain, or Pike Creek. These are mere conjectures, and I will give you all the information I receive. He will be apt to reach the river some time to-morrow. Don't fail to have all the force possible out to meet him. He may attempt to divide his party and cross at different places. The Home Guards should bushwhack him to prices. If there is any force out on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, it should be notified. I will probably send you more information to-night.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JULY 23, 1863.

Major RANGE, Zanesville:

I don't think it would be well to entirely uncover Zanesville until we know of Morgan's further movement in the direction of Cumberland. Keep your command ready to move, and keep in telegraphic communication with Cambridge, and say to the citizens that if they will keep scouts out and inform of the approach of Morgan, that you will go to their relief. It will take you but an hour and a half to go there. Is there an extra operator at Zanesville with an instrument that you can take with you? You will certainly get news from our people at Rockville before Morgan approaches Cambridge.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

BEVERLY, July 23, [1863.]

Commanding Officer at Buckhanon:

It is reported that Morgan, with a much used up force, will cross the river, and try to get out by way of West Union, Glenville, and probably Weston. You will, therefore, go to Weston to-night with your whole strength; call the militia together in Upshur and Lewis Counties for aid and home protection. One hundred and fifty of those you should have captured are now at Sutton. Be vigilant this time.

A. MOOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, July 24, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

I am granting no permits whatever to see the prisoners. Morgan, with his small remnant of 400 or 500, is across the Muskingum, and

