
The losses upon our side have been trifling, so far as numbers are concerned; but I am to be compelled to announce that a few gallant spirits have been taken from us. Prominent among the number is the brave Major Daniel McCook, the honored father of heroic boys who bear his name, and who have won so much glory and renown for our arms in this great struggle. Major McCook, although advanced in years, has periled his life, as a volunteer, upon many of our battle-fields. Believing that he could be of service in ridding the State of her invaders, he volunteered with his trusty rifle, as a private, and fell in the engagement near Buffington Island. His memory will be cherished by all, and the sincere sympathies of all true patriots will be given to his widow and children.

Throughout the entire contest I was in constant communication, both night and day, with Major-General Burnside, who had command of the entire forces, and I take great pleasure in testifying to the zeal, fidelity, and ability with which he has conducted the campaign.

The damage to property will necessarily be large in dollars and cents but insignificant when contrasted with the beneficial results to our State and country.

Promptly measures have been taken to ascertain the names of the sufferers and the amount of damage sustained, all of which will be communicated to the next General Assembly. Steps have also been taken to adjust and pay for all service rendered by the militia, ample provision for which was made by the last General Asembly.

And now, gellow-citizens, do not for a moment doubt but that this raid of Morgan, will ultimately prove a benefit to us as a people. It has thought and an insolent fore that, however so well provided, or however so large, he cannot with impunity invade our State. It has demonstrated to ourselves that, when acting in concert, the people of Ohio are a tower of strength. Remember that our military organizations had never mustered; the officers were not even yet commissioned; still, thus fresh and unknown to each other, they were able to do such efficient service.

Let me say, then, to the military forces of Ohio, both volunteers and militia, go vigorously forward with your organizations. This raid has thought you the lesson that you have something to do, and that your training are not mere idle ceremonies; you are to be the conservators of peace; upon you the people of the State depend to maintain law and preserve quiet and order in every neighborhood. Be prepared at once to do your duty fully.

In some of our sister States serious riots, resulting in the loss of many lives and large destruction of property have occurred on account of the efforts of the Federal authorities to enforce the laws for the preservation of our Government. I am happy to announce to the people of the State that there is no just cause for apprehending such disturbances within our border; but, be this as it may, ample division has been made to quell any such disturbance, should be attempted.

Thank God, we have but few ban men in Ohio, and the good and virtuous of every neighborhood are able to preserve the peace and dignity of the State.

The State authorities have but little to do, directly, with the enforcement of the draft. They have looked to it, however, in season, that honest and faithful agents, citizens of the State, have been selected by the Federal authorities to execute the draft. Fairness and justness, therefore are guaranteed to every citizen. Additional troops are required to maintain our glorious Government. Our brave and gallant boys in the field require assistance in men from home, and they must

