
have it. I have, therefore, cheerfully given to the Federal authorities all aid in my power to enforce the draft soon to made, and I earnestly implore the assistance of all good men throughout the State in this necessary work.

The brilliant achievements of our forces during the present month, resulting in the destruction and capture of over a hundred thousand of the enemy, together with their strongholds, give us the hope that the war will soon terminate; the drafted man, therefore, need not anticipate a three years' campaign. He may safely depend upon his neighbors at home, and the law-making power of the State, to take care of those dependent upon him during his absence.

Let us all then, fellow-citizens, with one heart and with one voice, cheerfully stand by our Government in this its hour of trouble. The reflection hereafter that we have done so will cheer and sustain us on our way through life; our children will love us and cherish our memories, and God will bless us for so doing.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

CINCINNATI, July 27, 1863.

Governor TOD:

General BURNSIDE:

I captured John [H.] Morgan to-day at 2 p. m., taking 336 prisoners, 400 horses, and arms. Morgan presented me his fine sorrel mare.

G. W. RUE,

Major Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.

This is one of the commands which you recommended should go to Bellaire, and Way, who brought him to a stand, was the other command, that were sent over the railroad. Your suggestions were good.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WELLSVILLE, July 27, 1863.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

Our expedition for Morgan is a success. Two hundred and twenty-three men of my regiment are here waiting transportation, 324 are at Zanesville; 100 took my back track to distribute pressed horses. At which point shall I collect my regiment, Zanesville of Columbus? I have 52 horses, pressed at Zanesville and Cambridge, that I wish to transport to their owners. My men are much exhausted and without rations. I have ordered Captain Neil's battery to Columbus.

W. C. LEMERT,

Colonel Eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

COLUMBUS, July 27, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

There is a question connected with Morgan's surrender which General Shackelford agreed to submit to you. I have, therefore, ordered the party to proceed. Shall the privates stop here and go to Camp Chase?

