
[Inclosure No.]

NEW LISBON, july 28, 1863.

Hon DAVIT TOD:

DEAR SIR: I submit to you the following statement:

on Sunday morning I out as scout, and in advance of the New Lisbon Home Gurads, we met the rebels a mile north of Gavers, and I returned to our forces (the New Libson Home Guards), about 1 1/2 miles from where I had been. I remained there until the rebels passed Gavers, and was then sent, by order of Judge Curry and General Roller, to Salineville, to inform them there of their movements to the river and their numbers. Robert Starling accompanied me. About 1 to 2 miles from Saliveville we met a cavalry force ahead, and, coming up, found they were Company F, Eighth Michigan, Lieutenant Wells, in command. He immediately took me as guide, and Sterling went to Salineville with the message. We turned message. We turned in the road leading into the road from Highdtown to New Lisbon, and followed up the Highlandtown road to the road leading from Gavers to West Point. This brought us close on to them in their rear. I do not know anything further about the surrender until Morgan and his staff came up to Patterson's house in charge of some officers. At Patterson's, I spoke to Shackelford, or the person whom Lieutenant Wells also pointed out Morgan to me. When we rode up the rear, the rebels were standing in the road, just dismounted. The Union forces were disarming them.

Respectfully,

P. W. HARBAUGH.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

NEW LISBON, July 28, 1863.

Honorable DAVID TOD:

Having been taken prisoners last Sunday morning by Morgan's forces, about three-quarters of a mile above Gavers, and being present with Morgan at the time of the surrender, I submit the following statement:

After being taken prisoners he inquired if our Home Guards, then stationed at or near Gavers, would respect a flag of truce. I answered they would. He (Morgan) said he did not want to shed any blood, and to pass along civilly through. I agreed to go down with the white flag. I went down ninth a white flag, accompanied by three of Morgan's men, one an officer, to where the Libson Home Guards were, under Captain Curry. I inquired for Captain Curry, and he came down. The rebel officer told Captain Curry that they desired to make an agreement, if they would not fire into Morgan's men, they would not fire into them, and that they would pass through the country peaceably. Judge Curry asked if he would respect the property. He said he could not promise that; he would have to see commander himself. Judge Curry said to send for their commander. He remarked to Judge Curry that the commander was but little way off, and would escort him safely to the commander under a flag of truce. Judge Curry asked if any one might accompany them. The officer replied as many as pleased to go. Judge Curry and James Burbick went to Morgan. After they got there, there was some conversation that I did not hear. I heard Morgan say to Curry, "Captain let one of your officers go with me a piece; he can full out of our ranks whenever the pleases." Morgan then turned to me, and asked names of officers here. I replied, "There is Captain Burbick on horseback." Morgan told me ask Captain Burbick if he would go with him a piece. Bitbick rode up, and he assured him that he could leave at his pleasure.

