
Burbick fell in, and we started off. Nothing of any importance occurred, excepting asking questions concerning route, &amp;c. After we left Gavers and had ridden a couple of miles on the road to West Point a kind of uneasiness was among them, and they inquired what the dust mean on the Highlandtown road. I told them I did not know. They rode very slow, and seemed to converse back and forward a great deal. They rode very slow, and as the dust came nearer, they halted altogether. Burbick then rode back, and says he, "Charley, they are going to surrender to us." Burbick then took a white flag at the front of Morgan's division, and rode down the road we had come up (Morgan's rear.) Morgan hollowed for another flag and the prisoner, and threw down the fence and started me up across the fields in a southerly direction, with a white flag, to meet the Union forces, then coming as hard as they could gallop toward Morgan. One officer and two Morgan. One officer and two rebel privates accompanied me. I met the Union forces, and they halted and asked what that white flag meant. I answered that Morgan had surrendered. A Union officer came up, to me and rode with me to where Morgan's forces were, the whole Union brigade following the officer. I asked the Union officer whose forces, and he said they were under Colonel Jacob. I saw no other Union forces there when we got there. The rebels, nearly all dismounted when we came up with the Union forces, were holding white flags made of handkerchiefs on the end of their ramrods. The rebels then stated that they had surrendered to Captain Burbick and their prisoner, understanding from me before that I was a lieutenant in cavalry of Home Guards.

One of the officers in Jacob's command, who had come up with me, said, "A damned pretty get-off, after being surrounded on all sides." When they had taken me prisoner, they had taken my horse and gun; did not take my sword. After Union forces came up, and surrender was made, General Morgan told me to get my horse and gun, as I might have some difficulty in getting them, which I did.

I am mo officer of any militia or volunteer company, but, on Sunday morning, was chosen lieutenant of a small of mounted Home Guards.

Respectfully,

C. D. MAUS.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

NEW LISBON, July 28, 1863.

L. W. POTTER, Esg.:

DEAR SIR: You have asked me to write down the incidents with regard to John [H.] Morgan's flag of truce, on Sunday last.

When the flag appeared, near a tree felled across the road, I was called for by name. Burbick was seated on his horse near me. I did not consider him as being under my command, but rather regarded him as ranging on his own hook. I asked him however, to go down with me to the flag, which he did. When the flag was reached, the officer with it stated that he"had been sent by his commander to say that if he was not fired upon, he would pass peaceably through our town, and disturb neither persons nor property." My answer to this proposition was that I would confer with Captain Burbick, and give him an answer. I used the title of Captain Burbick, for effect, for the had charge of no one but himself. I did, however, take the so-called captain's opinion, which was that I had better accede to the proposition. On returning to the flag officer I said to him that I presumed that I had a fair guess of his ultimate destination, which was the river, and he could get there with

