
out passing though our town, and if the would agree to avoid town, it was a bargain. He instantly (the rebel officer) replied that he had no authority to so stipulate, but if I would go forward to the captain under the flag, he might accede to it. At this suggestion I went forward to where the rebels halted, when a commanding -looking personage spurred his horse a pace or so toward me. I opened the business by remarking that the point of difference between his flag-bearer and myself was about passing through our town; that I would rather he would avoid; that he could make the point to which I thought he was aiming without touching the town. The answer he made to this was, " Is that so; can i do it?" To which I replied, "Yes, sir; by keeping the lower road here" (at the same time pointing toward it), and adding that "Captain burbick here will tell you the same." (You perceive that the captain went down with me to the rebel force.) The officer to whom I said this last answered with a quickness, "Then I will do so," and immediately moved forward, with the rebel horde at his heels. As they passed, I asked one whom I took to be an officer if that was Colonel Morgan that I had been speaking with, who answered, "Yes, sir." I stood in the position, or nearly so, that I had first occupied, until the whole command passed by, when I returned, with some of my men, who had gathered about, to the hill that my company occupied. On our way up I asked what had become of Burbick. I was answered that he went with the rebels, down the road, at the head of the column, which announcement drew forth some remarks of a facetious characket, such as "the rebels got a recruit," Burbick had volunteered with them," &amp;c. I need not stat to you, who know all the facts, that I had no force sufficient to risk a fight with the irresistible rebel, Morgan.

I am, respectfully, yours,

CORNELIUS CURRY.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

NEW LISBON, July 28, 1863.

Honorable DAVID TOD:

I send a special messenger (Charles Maus), who was captured by the rebels, and who can give you full details of the surrender, &c., of Morgan and his men. I send also the statement of James Burbick, and a copy made by Mrs. Potter, which is plain and easily read; also a statement of the bearer (Charles [D.] Maus) and copy. I also send a rough plat of roads, towns, &c., *which will give you an idea of their course and how badly they were chased in Old Columbia. The track in red ink is the course of the rebels after they left Salineville. They divided into two gangs, which I have not designated, one going to Norristown, in Carroll Couty, and the other to Franklin Station; but the Norristown gang wheeled about, and, by a by road, met at a cross-roads about 2 miles from Gavers. I, with three other citizens on horseback, armed, was between the two gangs, and, owing to conflicting stories of route, did not get any word of them until below Franklin Station. I rode on horseback 40 miles that day between 8 and 4 o'clock. Some 12 of us started together, mounted on horseback, with directions for infantry and artillery to proceed and make and at Gavers. When within 2 miles of Salineville, a messenger met us with toward that there had been a fight, and they were making north of the town, through Franklin Township. We sent back scouts to Gavers, to hurry up the infantry; also scouts to McKing's Mills, and the rest of us to Summitville and Franklin Station. The place in red ink, X, Gavers, is 6 miles from New

