
Numbers 21. Report of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, in reference to the instructions to Brigadier General John H. Morgan.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Cleveland, Tenn., November 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor, in obedience to your instructions, to state that, about June 13 last, I received a dispatch from Brigadier-General Morgan, stating that the enemy at Louisville, Ky., were but 300 strong, and asking permission to march upon said place, and take and destroy the public works, &amp;c. I immediately presented the matter to the general commanding this army, who had also learned from other sources of the small garrison at Louisville and he directed me to send the following order to General Morgan, viz:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Shelbyville, Tenn., June 14, 1863.

GENERAL: Your dispatch was received last night, and the facts communicated to General Bragg, and I visited him to-day on the subject. He directs that you proceed to Kentucky with a sufficient number of regiments to make up 1,500, and that you use your own discretion regarding the amount of artillery you take. He directs that you take Kentucky troops and those which will be most likely to get recruits. The remainder of your command will be left, under command of the senior officer. Should you hear that the enemy is advancing for a general engagement, General Bragg wishes you to turn rapidly and fall upon his rear.

I regret exceeding the circumstances which render it impossible for General Bragg to detach your entire division, but the probability of an advance the part of the enemy makes it necessary for him to retain enough force to enable him to hold his position should a general engagement take place, and he hopes, since the enemy's force in Kentucky are so reduced, you may be able to accomplish much good with the proposed detachment. General Bragg wishes the movement to take place as soon as possible.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSH. WHEELER,

Major-General.

General JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

This was sent, and its receipt acknowledged by General Morgan, with the request that he might take 2,000 men, stating that with these he could accomplish everything which he proposed, viz, the capture of Louisville, Ky. General Bragg acceded to this request, and I sent the following order to General Morgan:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 44 Near Shelbyville, June 18, 1863.

I. General Morgan will proceed to Kentucky with a force of 2,000 officers and men, including such artillery as he may deem most expedient. In addition to accomplishing the work which he has proposed, he will, as far as possible, break up and destroy the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. He will, if practicable, destroy depots of supplies in the State of Kentucky, after which he will return to his present position.

* * * *

E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Prior to General Morgan's departure, I wrote him one or two letters, in which I urged his rapid movements stating that I hoped his movements would be so rapid that he would be on his return to our army before General Rosecrans could be certain he had left for Kentucky. The retained copies of these letters wee unfortunately mislaid.

In these letters to General Morgan and in General Morgan's letters

52 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

