
Colonel Cameroon was attacked by the enemy on Pond Creek, and was engaged at intervals for several hours, his men consisting of detachments from the Thirty-ninth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Mims, and from the Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, under Captain Kennedy, boldly charging up the precipitous mountain sides with the greatly gallantry. The enemy was completely routed, leaving 5 dead on the field, with many more wounded, and 20 prisoners, who fell into our hands. Colonel Cameroon's command sustained no loss.

It affords me pleasure to state that our entire loss in all these operations was but 9 wounded, none severely, there being 6 of the Tenth Kentucky and 3 of the First Ohio Squadron, none of whose names have been reported to me.

The conduct of all the troops composing the expedition has been admirable. The assault of the command under Major Brown, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, supported by the gallant Major Rice and the subordinate officer and men of the Ohio squadron, upon the enemy at Gladesville, was worthy of veterans.

The courage, persistency, and endurance of the troops composing the detachment under Colonel Cameroon was no less conspicuous, and would have been equally successful had the enemy been as easily accessible as at Gladesville.

The spirit evidence by the infantry of the Sixty-fifth Illinois, under Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, Captain Collins, Fourteenth Kentucky and the men manning the howitzers, under Lieutenant Wheeler, was equal to that of their comrades (who, being mounted, were able to reach the enemy), and showed conclusively that whenever their opportunity comes they will be equally effective.

It would be unjust wee I to omit to say that my plans and orders, as given to Colonel Cameroon, and Major Brown, were executed promptly and with marked ability, the operations of their respective commands having been attended with commensurate success.

Major Brown recommends for promotion, "for conspicuous and distinguished gallantry," Lieutenant H. C. White and Sergt. James W. Stewart, of Company I, and Sergt. William H. Hendrickson, of Company G, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry. In this recommendation I cheerfully join, and respectfully and to this roll of honor the names of Colonel D. Cameroon, commanding the brigade, Major John Mason Brown, Second Battalion Tenth Kentucky Cavalry; Major Richmond Rice, First Cavalry; Major Richard Rice, First Squadron Ohio Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Mims and Major Ferguson, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, and Captain Kennedy, Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND, Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff.

JULY 5, 1863.- Skirmish at Woodburn, Ky.

Report of Colonel Cicero Maxwell, Twenty-sixth Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, Ky., July 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I sent by telegraph this morning a short account of a skirmish with rebels at Woodburn yesterday.

