
On Saturday [the 4th] the same company, between 50 and 100 in number, was at Rocky Hill, about 18 miles above here; burned the depot, cut the wires, and robbed the operator. They then went south, crossing [Big] Barren River above here, passed around this place, and came to the railroad below, at Woodburn.

As soon as I received information of their movements, before day yesterday morning, I sent all the cavalry I could raise after them. Learning that they would perhaps attempt to go to Woodburn, I sent Major Mattingly, with about 80 men of the Twenty-sixth Kentucky, on a special train, to that place.

They came upon the thieves just as they were in the act of destroying the telegraph poles and setting to the depot. As soon as they saw our men, they fired, and field in great haste and confusion. Our men fired two or three rounds them, as fled, wounding 1 that was afterward captured, and, perhaps, several others, several officers though we are not certain of that. Four prisoners were taken, 5 horses, and about a dozen guns.

The rebels at first went north, and our men pursued them on foot a mile or so, but of course, with being able to overtake them. The rebels, after going 2 or 3 miles, turned their course, crossed the railroad and were, when last heard of, going south, purposed by the cavalry I sent out, which came up about two hours after the infantry had routed the enemy. None of our men were injured.

Captain, I have but one company of cavalry here, and it is impossible protect the road, above and below, from these predatory bands. We ought to have a regiment here, and then we could keep a company at Rocky Hill and two at Franklin, and pretty effectually protect the road from small bands.

Our force is very small, but if the rebels come, they will, I think, have to fight some before get the place. We will do the best we can.

Very respectfully,

CICERO MAXWELL,

Colonel [Twenty-sixth Kentucky Infantry.]

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Kentucky.

JULY 10, 1863.- Skirmish on Martin Creek, Ky.

Report of Colonel Orlando H. Moore, Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry.

LEBANON,

July 11, 1863.

GENERAL: The party of mounted infantry commanded by Captain George W. Drye, First Kentucky Cavalry, whom I dispatched last night after rebels, attacked Lieutenant Bullit and 11 men on Martin Creek; captured 9 men, horses, arms, &amp;c., and mortally wounded Lieutenant Bullitt.

They still purpose rebels.

ORLANDO H. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Michigan.

General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

