
JULY 10, 1863.- Capture of outpost at Union City, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding District of Columbus, Ky.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Major Edward Langen, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding District of Columbus, Ky.
HDQRS. DIST. OF COLUMBUS, 6TH DIV., 16TH A. C.

COLONEL: I beg have to report that, on the 10th instant, about 7 a. m., the advanced cavalry post of Union City was surprised by a rebel force 600 cavalry, under Colonel [J. B.] Biffle. Our loss is from 90 to 100 men killed, wounded, and prisoners.

I immediately ordered Colonel Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, with six companies of his regiment, by railroad, to Union City, but the rebels had left the place an hour before his arrival. inclosed please find Colonel Scott's report, showing that the disaster was caused by the total neglect of the officers to follow even the ordinary military precautions, not to speak of my peremptory and repeated orders distracting the utmost vigilance.

As the rebel force is rapidly increasing in the District of Jackson, by recruit and conscripting, I requested Major-General Schofield to reenforce me, and last night 600 men arrived from New Madrid as a temporary loan.

Feeling the great importance of holding our communications and river navigation open and uninterrupted, I again respectfully request that some additional cavalry and a battery of light artillery may be sent me, and now that Vicksburg has fallen, and troops can be spared from there, I ask that, If possible, Montgomery's brigade, comprising four of my old infantry regiments, may be ordered back to this district.

Should the general commanding direct General Dodge to move force to Jackson and above, I would request to be informed in time, so as to be enable to co-operate as far as my limited force will admit.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,Camp near Columbus, Ky., July 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the verbal orders of the general commanding, I have the honor to report that, on the 10th instant, with

