
the effective men of my command (164 enlisted men, 9 line officers and 5 officers of the field and staff), I proceeded by rail to Union City, Tenn.

I found on my arrival at that point, at about 3 p. m., that the place and Federal forces had been captured by rebel forces, said to be under Colonel Biffle, of Forests' command, at about 7 a. m. It was a command, at about 7 a. m. It was a complete surprise, and no organized resistance was made. From information received, I may state the loss at 2 killed, 8 wounded, about 90 prisoners, 116 horses, and transportation and camp equipage at the post destroyed.

I estimate the rebel forces at about 650. They retired in the direction of Troy. At about 2 p. m. I found the citizens in burying our dead and caring for the wounded. The latter, except one man, not able to be moved, I brought to post hospital at this place. The former I left to be decently buried by the citizens.

The names of the killed are Henry Rosengoetter, private Company C, Fourth Missouri Cavalry and Henry Stribbers (or Strubberg), private Company E, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

The only mention that both officers and men of my command behaved well, and confidently advanced upon the town, believing it to be them occupied by a superior force.

You most obedient servant,

JOHN SCOTT,

Colonel Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Edward Langen, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

COLUMBUS, KY., August 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters District of Columbus, Ky., Major G. Heinrichs, commanding post Clinton, Ky., ordered, on the 26th day of June, 1863, Company C, Captain C. Rosa, and Company Illig, of the Fourth Regiment Missouri Volunteers Cavalry, both companies under command of Captain C. Rosa, to Union city, Tenn., as advanced post, and continued there until the 10th day of July 1863, where we were in the morning between 9 and 10 o'clock surprised by a rebel force superior in numbers.

The rebels surrounded the place, and, after a short fight, in which 2 were killed and 8 men wounded, the whole command was captured, except 2 men, who escaped to Clinton, Ky.

All the camp and garrison equipage, books, and papers belonging to said companies were also taken and partly by the enemy, who, left the place two hours after their first appearance, taking along with them all the officers and men as prisoners except dead and wounded, the former unburied, the place. Brigadier-General Asboth sent, as soon as he heard of the disaster, re-enforcements by railroad, which found the place evacuated by the enemy, buried the dead, and brought the wounded to Columbus, Ky., in hospital

