
JULY 13-22, 1863.- Expedition to Huntsville, Ala.

Report of Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army.

WINCHESTER, July 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I arrived here this morning. Mitchell's division is at Fayetteville. Long's brigade is at Pulaski. Minty's brigade, with Turchin is at Salem. Long will go to Lowrenceburg and farther, if he can hear anything of Biffle, and attack him. I brought away in all about 300 contrabands, collected about 500 cattle, and the same number of horses and mules. The mules are good, the horses not so good. A force of 10,000 could be subsisted in the Huntsville country-plenty of corn mutton and beef, and if we don't eat it the rebels will. We need many new saddles.

D. S. STANLYE,

Major-General.

JULY 15-16, 1863.- Occupation of Hickman, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and District of Columbus.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I beg reported that Hickman, Ky., was entered and pillaged by rebel cavalry on by rebel cavalry on the 15th and 16th instant. Yesterday at daybreak the ram Monarch, with Company K, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, Captain Conner, and a portion of my cavalry, arrived at the town the infantry disembarking and occupying the place simultaneously with the cavalry, the latter moving upon the last night's campaign ground of the enemy, but found it abandoned. Yesterday evening Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry, commanding at Clinton, sent two companies to surprise the same rebel party in their camp, which was reported to him to be 27 miles from Clinton. Result not yet known. Inclosed I forward the petition of leading citizens of Hickman, requesting the protection of a military force, and suggesting the organization of a citizen corps, with the remarks of Lieutenant J. C. Bonner, acting master, commanding gunboat New Era. I cannot spare troops to garrison Hickamn at present, but have ordered a small brigade, comprising infantry, cavalry, and section of artillery, to Clinton to observe the rebel movements, and endeavor to capture these robbing parties. I await the orders of the general commanding the corps in regard to the arming of a company of Home Guards at Hickman.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Corps.

[Inclosure.]

COLUMBUS, KY., July 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, U. S. Army,

Commanding District of Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: The undersigned, loyal citizens of Hickman, Fulton County, Kentucky, respectfully represent that on Wednesday evening

