
last about 5 o'clock a body of rebel cavalry, consisting of about three companies appeared in and took possession of the city of Hickman, which they continued to hold yesterday. They committed various depredations, literally emptied several dry-goods stores, besides stripping two saddler shops. They had a list of certain loyal men, marked for arrest, and, as it is, said, for the purpose of being shot or otherwise disposed of. On this list appear, among others, the names of Montraville, G. Wilson, the enrolling officer of Fulton County; H. S. Campbell, revenue officers; W. Frs. Buckner, board of trade; George C. Hallet, city judge; William Parker, Government assessor, &amp;c. Some of these gentlemen were fortunately absent, and others managed so to conceal themselves as in time to effect their escape. We are now here as refugees, and under your protection, finding it unsafe to return. Our property has been destroyed, and to return, under existing circumstances, is brought with personal danger. With our families still there, our feelings and apprehensions may well be imagined. We are contained, therefore, to ask for an adequate military force to protect and defend us, provided such force is at your disposal.

we would further respectfully suggest that a citizen corps can be raised, and, if armed by the Government, it will act in conjunction with any regular military force in repelling any foe that may be sent to attack them.

With great respect, we are, sir, your obedient servants,

H. S. CAMPBELL.

M. G. WILSON. GEO. C. HALLET.

W. K. LYLE.

[Indorsement.]

Having been called on in my official capacity to visit the town of Hickman during the time that the outrages above named were being perpetrated I can vouch that the requirements named in the letter above are absolutely necessary for the protection of loyal citizens and of many others who have heretofore been sympathizers the South, but who now are ready protect the town all assaults that may be made by guerrillas, if not by any other forces. The Southern sympathizers themselves have asked for the protection of the United States forces.

J. C. BONNER,

Acting Master, Commanding U. S. Gunboat New Era.

JULY-, 1863.-Expedition to Columbia and Centreville, Tenn.

Report of Captain Henry Thrall, Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, July 18, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Wilder reports expedition under Colonel Monroe returned from Columbia and Centreville. He captured 50 prisoners, including 5 commissioned officers, 700 head of horses and mules, and 250 negroes. Killed 10 querrillas. Our loss 1 man (Private [Andres J.] Stewart, Seventeenth Indiana) killed. Colonel Great [?] (rebel) was too severely wounded to move, and was paroled.

H. THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Nashville.

