
JULY 22-27, 1863.- Expedition from Clinton, Ky., in pursuit of Biffle's, Forrest's, and Newsom's cavalry.

Abstract from "Record of Events," First Brigade, Sixth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.*

July 15, the brigade (Colonel G. E. Waring, jr., commanding) marched from Columbus to Clinton, Ky., where it encamped until the 22nd, when it was ordered to move toward Paris, Tenn., against Biffle's, Forrest's, and Newsom's cavalry.

July 23, it encamped half a mile beyond Mayfield, Ky. From that place a march was made to Clark River, southeast from Mayfield.

July 24, the brigade encamped.

July 25, about noon, Murray, Ky., was reached. From that place a supply train was sent to Fort Heiman for provisions.

July 26, the train returned to camp.

July 27, the brigade marched southward, and encamped at Jackson Pond 3 miles beyond Conyersville, Tenn. About 9.30 p. m. of that day, a dispatch from headquarters Sixth Division, dated July 26 was received. It directed an immediate retreat to Feliciana. Camp was immediately broken up, and the brigade marched to Clark River, where it encamped after midnight.

July 28, brigade encamped on Terrapin Creek.

July 30, encamped near Feliciana, Ky.

JULY-, 1863.-Scout in Sequatchie Valley, Tenn.

Report of Major General John M. Palmer, U. S. Army.

WINCHESTER, July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: General Van Cleve reports on 23rd: Sent Captain Drury and 65 men to Sequatchie Valley. Went to Dunlap, thence up the valley 30 miles, passing through Pikeville, and returned via Sparta. Topographical engineer accompanied and took notes of roads, &amp;c. Captured a dozen prisoners and horses. Reports 100 troops in the valley. Think with 300 cavalry he could clear out the valley. Captain Drury destroyed one hundred rifles, one-quarter of a cord of shot-guns and squirrel rifles, and a large of ammunition, and captured the commissary of the Eighteenth Tennessee, with $8,000. Confederate funds. Saw one thousand head of cattle, with the rebels are driving off to Chattanooga.

News from General Van Cleve report 2 prisoners, last night, who claim to belong to Forrest's advance guard, which they said arrived at Sparta; has with him three brigades of cavalry-Dibrell's, Armstrong's, and Biffle's.

Can Van Cleve be supplied with some cavalry?

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD.

---------------

*From return for July, 1863.

---------------

