
battery when withdrawn had but sixty-two shells on hand for the whole five guns. Colonel Coburn behaved with the greatest bravey, and was under fire during the whole battle. Captain Edmund McKinney, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, rendered most essential service. During the retreat he remained with the rear guard, and by his coolness and bravery during a most critical moment, when hundreds of the enemy were thrown upon a handful, contributed largely to the safety of my command. Captain Charles A. Appel, Company F, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with his own and parts of Companies A, G, H, and L, with a few of the Second Michigan Cavalry, constituted the rear guard. Captains [D. H.] Kimmel, [W. H.] Longsdorf, and [G.] Waters, and Lieutenants [E. A.] Hancock and [B. G.] Heistand, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, behaved with marked coolness and bravery.

The loss on the part of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry was 1 killed, 6 wounded, 1 mortally (who died during the night), and 6 taken prisoners. On the part of the Second Michigan, 2 men killed and 11 wounded. Of the Eighteenth Ohio Battery, 1 man is missing.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain WILLIAM C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Army of Kentucky.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Franklin, Tenn., March 11, 1863.

SIR: In reply to your note of the 7th instant, desiring a report of the losses sustained by my division in the affair of the 5th, since known as the battle of Thompson's Station, and of the circumstances connected therewith, I have the honor to state that the First Brigade of my division, commanded by Colonel Coburn, Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, and consisting of the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana, Twenty-second Wisconsin, and Nineteenth Michigan Volunteer Regiments, was detached from my immediate supervision on the 21st ultimo, and removed from Nashville to Brentwood, a point midway between that place and Franklin, with orders to the commanding officer to hold himself in readiness to march to the support of General Gilbert at the latter point, should he call for his assistance.

Upon the 2nd instant, in obedience to a summons from General Gilbert, Colonel Coburn marched to this place, and upon the 4th, in obedience to orders from the same commander, given by direction of Major-General Rosecrans, he moved out upon the Columbia road in the direction of Spring Hill.

Owing to the capture of Colonel Coburn and of most of his officers in the battle of the 5th, it has been impossible to procure such reports of subsequent occurrences as are desirable. I inclose, however, a report from Brigadier-General Gilbert, together with copies of his orders to Colonel Coburn, and of the entire correspondence between them subsequent to the order to march; likewise reports from Lieutenant-Colo-

