
my men and horses. Have been without [forage] since yesterday morning, and little or nothing in the county. I only have two pieces of artillery that I have been able to get up on account of the roads. The rebels got theirs over the worst road before the rain. I will follow them as soon as possible.

W. P. SANDERS.

Only 250 of Wolford's men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, arrived at Nicholasville. They are at Richmond by this time. I will send them to Somerset, if possible, in time; if you think that the most important duty, they shall be dispatched at once. There will be, 1,150 cavalry and a section of a battery at Richmond at 10 o'clock to-day, with instructions to interpose between the enemy and the Big Hill road, and to take advantage of every opportunity to strike hi. There is not enough cavalry at Glasgow. I will send the Fifth Indiana from Lebanon to Burkesville, if desirable.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, July 31, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy went from Irvine Lancaster, passing between Richmond and Big Hill. He is now below Stanford. His stock was passed by way of Crab Orchard, and will probably cross the Cumberland to-night. Sanders is at Stanford, having gone 100 miles in forty-eight hours, over a heavy,muddy road for a considerable part of the way. He has killed and wounded quite a number, and taken over 100 prisoners, among them the lieutenant-colonel of Scott's regiment. A large number of guns and property has been destroyed or captured. He has rested to feed but once since leaving here, men and horses are completely worn out. Have directed him to select as many as are able to keep up the pursuit, and push on. The enemy must be as badly off as he, and he will still capture a good many. Is Colonel Wolford acting under your instructions? If not, I will direct him to go to Somerset.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

Numbers 3. Reports of Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, Eighth Ohio Cavalry.

STANFORD, KY., July 27, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy have not recommenced the attack on my men as yet. We will probably hear from them soon, as my men are feeling for them on both roads. I have fresh rumors from Somerset this morning; nothing definite, however.

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel.

Major General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

LEXINGTON, July 28, 1863.

GENERAL: The following just received from Stanford:

The force is under command of Scott, and numbers from 1,500 to 2,000; half of them inferior troops. They have about six pieces of artillery. No rebels on Crab Orchard.

