
I moved to the front of the column, and, with the aid of Majors Foley and [T. T.] Dow and other officers, made a stand with about 100 men. The panic had become so great that they only remained long enough to check the enemy for a moment. The confusion became a panic, and the retreat a race for the river. The men could not be controlled, and scattered in various directions. Some 4 or 5 were killed, several wounded, and about 75 taken prisoners and paroled. I have not received the official reports of the different regiments. At the river, Clay Ferry, I halted with a part of the command, and prevented the enemy from crossing until I received instructions to fall back to Lexington. The enemy were about 1,600 strong, with eight pieces of artillery.

On the 29th, I was ordered by General Harsuff to assume command of all the mounted troops in the vicinity of Lexington, and to drive the rebels from the State or capture their force. I started at 3 p. m. on the same day, with detachments of the First Kentucky, Tenth Kentucky, Fourteenth Kentucky, Second and Seventh Ohio, Eighth and Ninth Michigan, and Fifth East Tennessee Cavalry, First and Second East Tennessee, Forty-fifth Ohio, and one hundred and twelfth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and Crawford's Tennessee battery, in all about 2,400 men. The advance guard ment the enemy's picket 5, miles from Winchester, captured a lieutenant and 9 men, and drove the rest into the town. At Winchester I learned that about of the enemy had been sent to Paris. I detached the Forty-fifth Ohio and a part of the Fifth Tennessee, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, Forty-fifth [Ohio], about 500 men, to follow that party, and with the remainder of followed the main body, under Scott, on the Irvine road. We commenced to skirmish with the enemy's rear guard immediately after leaving the town, and kept it up until we reached Irvine, the next day. It rained very hard during the night, rendering the roads so had that my artillery could not keep up. During the march to Irvine we captured nearly 100 prisoners, killed and wounded a number of the enemy, and compelled him to abandon some of his wagons and stock. I found the whole force at Irvine, on the south side of the river. After about one hour's fighting, I drove them from their position, compelling them to leave a large number of horses and mules, besides a large portion of the property captured from the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry at that place. I was compelled to stop several hours here to feed and followed on during the night. We overtook the enemy's rear guard, and recaptured one pieces of artillery (mounted howitzer).

After reaching the Big Hill, the enemy turned to the right on the Blue Lick road, and moved toward Lancaster. During the day we fought constantly with the enemy, he making a stand at every favorable point, capturing a large number of prisoners and property of every kind. Near Paint Lick Church the enemy made an obstinate stand, and fought about an hour. At this pace I ordered Captain Watrous, with his detachment of cavalry, to charge the enemy with the saber; it was handsomely executed, capturing about 30 prisoners, and wounding a number of the enemy with the saber. At Lancaster, on the same day, I ordered a charge of all the cavalry, under Major Taylor, and succeeded in capturing over 200 prisoners, and completely routing the enemy. My horses were nearly worn out or we could have secure nearly or all rebels at this point. The enemy resisted at all points on the road where they could use their artillery. We drove them through Stanford about 4 p. m. the same day. I was compelled to stop here to feed again, the second time since leaving Lesington, and after a continuous of over 100 miles.

