
I left Stanford about 6.30 p. m., and reached Somerset at 8 a. m. on the 1st, and followed the enemy, still fighting, to Cumberland River, at Smith's Ford. He succeeded in getting his artillery across and in position on the south side, but was compelled to leave a portion of his train and animals in our hands. I determined to abandon the pursuit at this point and return, as my command had been without rations about four days, and men and horses, were almost completely exhausted. I reached Stanford on the 2nd, and found the rations sent forward to my command had stopped at that place. On the 3rd, I ordered the detachments to their respective stations, and returned to this place, in obedience to the orders of the commanding general.

To all the officers and men I much indebted for their perseverance and endurance. Mah. J. L. Foley, Tenth Kentucky, had charge of the advance guard, and showed great skill and gallantry in its management; Captain Drye, First Kentucky Cavalry had charge of the extreme advance thought the entire march, and conducted it with great skill, energy, and bravery. The cavalry charge at Lancaster reflects great credit on Major Taylor and all the officers and men with him. I am much indebted to Colonels Carter ad Henderson, and Major Ellis for their activity and energy wherever the dismounted men could be used. I am greatly indebted to Captain Mott, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, for his valuable service as aide.

The returns of killed and wounded have not been fully made. As far as I am able to state, we had but 1 killed-Lieutenant Mason, Fifth Tennessee, while gallantly leading his men at Paint Lick Church-and 11 wounded. The number of prisoners captured is about 700. As they were sent back from various points, and I had no means of taking a list, I am unable to state the number exactly. The horses, mules and other property recaptured were scattered from Irvine to the Cumberland, and have been collected since. I cannot state the number or amount of property, though large.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, Commanding Mounted Troops.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant General, Twenty-third Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Major James L. Foley, Tenth Kentucky Cavalry, of action at Richmond.

NICHOLASVILLE, july 28, 1863.

I have just arrived here with a detachment of 100 of the forces engaged in the fight this morning at Richmond. We engaged the enemy for three hours this morning holding him at bay during that time, until his force, estimated from 1,800 to 2,000 with four pieces of artillery attempting to flank us, compelled a retreat. If Colonel Sanders has not reported to you within the last two hours, I feel almost certain that he is a prisoners. I await orders.

JAMES L. FOLEY,

Major Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

