
Numbers 6. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Young, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry, of skirmish at Paris.

PARIS, July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: We have fought the enemy two hours. They are repulsed on the Winchester pike, but we fear they are going to attack us on the Mount Sterling pike. They are about 2,000 strong. We can't hold the city against such a force, but we can and will hold the bridges until you send us re-enforcements, if you can. Advise us. We will abandon the bridges, and fight our way toward Lexington, but we can hold the city and whip them if you send us some help. We need cavalry very much. General Burbridge is assisting me in the command.

THOS. L. YOUNG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF, Lexington.

GENERAL; About 6.30 o'clock the enemy withdrew and retreated. We had no cavalry to pursue. They are trying to flank us by the Maysville pike, but we are ready for them. We will never surrender the bridges. We would like to get 40 rounds of percussion shell, with cartridges for James rifle, 3.80-inch. General Burbridge is here, and gives me great aid by his presence and advice.

THOS. L. YOUNG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY POST,Paris, Ky., July 30, 1863.

SIR: About 2 o'clock yesterday the telegraph operator at Winchester arrived here and informed me that the rebels occupied Winchester, he did not know in what force, as he did not wait to ascertain being afraid of capture. No official information had been received of any immediate danger at this point, but, in view of the proximity of the enemy, immediate steps were taken to meet him should he venture to cut the railroad here.

About 4 p. m. the rebel advance drove in our pickets, but were immediately engaged by about 100 men of the Twenty-third Michigan and one pieces of artillery of Henshaw's battery. This force held enemy until re-enforced by another company of the Twenty-third Michigan and one piece of von Sehlen's (Fifteenth Indiana) battery. Our whole force might have been concentrated in the front at once, but it was feared they would, by leaving a sufficient force to engage our troops on the Winchester pike, flank us on the Maysville pike, and burn the large trestle-work bridge of the Kentucky Central Railroad, which was doubtless their sole object in visiting us. In view of this contingency, I kept every approach to the bridges strongly guarded by the companies of the Twenty-third Michigan not engaged in front, and the detachment of the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and two pieces of the Fifteenth Indiana Battery. A little after 6 o'clock the

