
enemy broke, and disappeared in great disorder back on the Winchester pike. Captain G. Reid was sent to follow them up with about a dozen of his scouts-all that were present-which they did for a distance of 2 miles. I subsequently learned that the enemy left the Winchester pike about 6 miles from Paris, and took a dirt road which led to the Mount Sterling pike. During the night following, Colonels Maltby and Ross arrived from Winchester, bringing with them some prisoners taken at that place. The number of the enemy engaged with my force was counted by a Union farmer; he states that he counted 375 before they attempted to"trade horses with him," and that 15 or 20 passed afterward. I had about 175 men and two pieces of artillery engaged. The enemy was mounted, and for a time and for a time fired briskly, but the artillery threw him into, and kept him in, disorder, until he field. The enemy's known loss is 1 wounded severely, casualties on our side, none.

In closing this report, I deem it proper to mention the valuable assistance rendered me by Brigadier-General Burbridge, who, although he did not assume command, yet I was aided by his advice and plans for defense, and he took charge of the execution of the most important and dangerous part of it himself.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. YOUNG,

Lieutenant-Colonel 118th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel G. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of W. P. Galll, of skirmish near Winchester.

NEAR WINCHESTER, July 31, 1863.

GENERAL. I drove the enemy from here in about an hour. All their force was here under Scott. I am following on the Winchester road. I have no rations and no forage, and it is said there is none in the country. The rebels do not contemplate stopping in this place any longer. Colonel Lilly lost everything except his men-your arms, camp equipage, &amp;c.

W. P. GALL.

Numbers 8. Reports of Brigadier General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Paris.

PARIS, KY., July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have found the rebel force, on the Winchester pike, in camp, 3 miles out; reported 250. I would attempt surrounding them, but fear an attack by the other force on the bridge; will reconnoiter, and, if prudent, will attempt it. Their boldness indicated a large force and attack toward day.

S. G. BURNRIDGE,

Major General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

