
PARIS, July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy drove in our pickets at 4.30, on the Winchester pike. We drove them back some 2 miles. They divided their force, half crossing Stoner Creek with, as I think, the intention of attacking the bridge on the railroad below Paris. They had not crossed the Maysville pike one hour ago. They remained on the Winchester pike. They can cut the road between here and Lexington. I will try and find out what they are about, as 50 cavalry have just arrived from Mount Sterling. If attacked, we will defend the town as long as possible, and then fall back to the bridge and fort, where we can hold in check fully 2,000 until re-enforced. It is reported that they have 1,500 to 2,000. I have not seen over 200.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

PARIS, July 20, 1863.

GENERAL: The Forty-fifth Ohio have arrived from Winchester. They report the main rebel force, 2,000 strong, with eight pieces of artillery, as having retreated on the Irvine road. Colonel Sanders is in pursuit. They retreated after being derived back by us, finding the place too strong for them. Colonel Ross captured 1 captain and 15 men, near Paris. They are waiting for the force that crossed Stoner Creek. I will have that party pursued. Where shall the prisoners be sent?

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel John S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SCOTT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Concord, Tenn., August 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I herewith submit a report of the operations of the cavalry brigade under my command in Kentucky since July 25.

With portions of First Louisiana Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [James O.] Nixon; Second Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel [H. C.]

Gilespie; Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel [G. W.] McKenzie; Tenth Confederate, Colonel [C. T.] Goode, and Fifth North Carolina Cavalry Battalion, Captain [Virgil S.] Lusk, together with Brown Horse Artillery (four guns), Captain [W. R.] Marshall, and four pieces of the Louisiana Battery, Captain [N. T. N.] Robinson, I passed Big Creek Gap at 8 a. m. Saturday, the 25th ultimo. My advance reached Williamsburg about the middle of the same day, finding about 100 of the Forty-fourth Ohio Mounted Infantry as pickets at that pace, drove them rapidly to-ward London, which place we reached on the evening of the 26th. The Forty-fourth Ohio, stationed at that place, were driven from the town, and retreated toward the interior, taking the Mount Vernon road. We left London the same night and advanced on Richmond, via Big Hill, with picket fighting almost the entire way, and a heavy skirmish with the enemy's advance near Rogersville, 5 miles from Richmond.

