
On Tuesday morning (28th), about 6 a. m., we met the enemy, consisting of the One hundred and twelfth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Second and Seventh Ohio Cavalry, a detachment of the Fourteenth and Tenth Kentucky Cavalry under Colonel Sanders, amounting to about 1,200 men, in line of battle 1 1/2 miles this side of Richmond. After thirty minutes' fighting, we charged and drove the enemy in disorder from their position, pursuing them as rapidly as the jaded condition of my horses would permit. In the town the enemy again attempted to form, but were again routed and driven across the river in the direction of Lexington.

In these encounters we lost 3 men killed and 10 wounded. The loss of the enemy was about 15 killed and 30 or 40 wounded, among the latter Colonel Sanders. We paroled about 120 prisoners, besides capturing horses, commissary and quartermaster's stores, &amp;c.

Here I learned of the capture of General [John H.] Morgan and his command, and that the troops engaged in his pursuit were being returned by railroad, and fresh horses collected to remount them. My own stock was completely exhausted-fed with little but green food before starting, and the corn furnished for the trip so rotten as to be worse than useless; my horses were broken down. It was imperative for to remount my men before attempting a return. At the news of our advance, all animals suitable for cavalry had been removed north of the Kentucky River. At 4 p. m. the same day I marched on Winchester, which place I reached on the morning of the 29th. Before reaching there I sent Captain Waters, with about 150 men, to the left of Winchester to strike the pike leading to Lexington, and, proceeding down that pike as far as possible, to drive in the enemy's pickets, and report back to me that night with what stock he could obtain. From Winchester I sent Colonel mcKenzie, with his regiment, to threaten Paris, and, if he found no troops there, to destroy the bridge at that place. At 2 p. m.of the same day, I learned that troops were pouring into Lexington from Hickman Bridge, Louisville, and Cincinnati, and were rapidly being mounted. At 4 p. m. I moved the command toward Irvine, hoping to capture to capture the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, stationed at that place. At 5 o'clock I received a dispatch from Captain Waters that two heavy columns of mounted men, with artillery (one on the turnpike and the other on the dirt road), were driving him back toward Winchester, and were within 8 miles of that place. I immediately dispatched Colonel McKenzie to fall back on Mount Sterling, and thence to go out by way of Pound Gap. Leaving the Louisiana cavalry in my rear to check the columns pressing Captain Waters, I pressed on to Irvine, with Colonel [H. M.] Ashby's regiment and about 150 of Colonel Goode's. It rained incessantly all night, and the road was very rough.

We reached Irvine at daylight of the 30th, and,crossing Ashby's cavalry 4 miles below town, we routed the enemy, capturing about 150 prisoners, 2 pieces of artillery, 30 wagons, 600 stand of new Enfield rifles, 1,000 new McClellan saddles, bridles, halters, &c., together with large quantities of quartermaster's and commissary stores-boots, shoes, clothing, &c. Before leaving Irvine, the force of the enemy which had been fighting my rear guard all night came up in force on the other side of the Kentucky River, and opened upon me with artillery and small-arms. We held them in check, however, until ready to leave, taking the roads to the foot of big Hill.

We crossed the Richmond and Big Hill road, and reached Paint Lick Bridge early on the morning of the 31st, taking the road toward Lancaster. Shortly after daylight, the enemy, who had been fighting my

