
should move in Kentucky simultaneously with Colonel Scott; but a raid of the enemy into General [Samuel] Jones' department near the Salt-Works prevented its departure.

Respectfully,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel George W. McKenzie, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry (Confederate).

GENERAL: I herewith submit the report of Colonel Mckenzie, of my brigade. He has but just arrived at this place. His safety reduces my loss to less than 200 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. SCOOT,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 8, 1863.

COLONEL: On July 29, at Winchester Ky., in obedience to your orders to make a demonstration on Paris, Ky., I arrived there about 4 p. m. charged the enemy's pickets, driving them to the main body. Cannot state positively their strength, but learned from reliable citizens that they were at least 3,000 strong. Subsequently we were informed heavy re-enforcements had arrived, the entire of whom, after my departure, fell into to pursuit of yourself.

About this time I received orders from you to form a junction between Irvine and Winchester, but found it utterly impracticable, as I found it from my own observation, likewise by couriers from you, impossible to join the brigade. I thence proceeded to secure the safety of my command, which consisted of my own regiment, and 100 others belonging to the brigade, retreating via the route herein explained: Passed between Mount Sterling and Booneville, through Jackson, Hazard, Mount Pleasant, and Fulkerson's Gap, into Powell's Valley, where I left my command progressing leisurely in their courses to Concord, Tenn. From the time I left Paris, Ky., I met with no impediment or enemy, with the exception of a Federal scouting party of about 50 men, which were routed without difficulty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. McKENZIE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., August 10, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded as supplement to report of Colonel Scott, of his expedition to Kentucky. His loss, according to his report is thus reduced below 200, while all accounts show that he inflicted heavy losses on the enemy, both in men and material.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

