
JULY 29, 1863.-Skirmish near Fort Donelson, Tenn.

Reported of Colonel William P. Lyon, Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Fort Donelson, Tenn., July 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The telegraph line being down, I have the honor to submit my report by letter.

A party of between 30 and 40 mounted infantry from Clarksville arrived here this morning, having traversed the telegraph line, which is on the shout h side of, and part of the way some miles from, the river, returning by the same route. When 8 or 10 miles from this post, the party was fired upon from an ambush by a gang, supposed to be Hinson's guerrillas, and scattered. Over 20 of them have already arrived here, and stragglers continue to come in. The lieutenant in command has not been heard from. I think the casualties from all accounts, are few. One wounded man has reached here. I think the guerrilla party is about 50 strong. I have sent out a strong force infantry and mounted infantry in pursuit. This gain have their headquarters near Waverly, and they are supported and sustained by the whole community in that vicinity. Waverly is the nest of the vilest and most pestilential set of traitors that live, and the place ought to be destroyed. I find it very difficult to keep up the telegraph wire between this place and Cumberland City. It runs through a country infested with guerrillas, and is cut three or four times a week, usually about 15 miles from here. I beg leave to suggest that the line should be on the north side of the river. That route to Clarksville is 10 miles shorter, and it could be protected there with comparative ease by a few men.

I telegraphed yesterday that i had sent out a scout to ascertain the truth of a report that Forrest and Pillow, with a large force, were in Calloway County, Kentucky. A courier arrived at 2 o'clock this morning from the party. It was on the Tennessee River, 6 miles from Concord (where the force was said to be), but could hear of no troops there. They heard vague and unreliable rumors that there were rebel troops at Paris, also at Murray, in Calloway County. The party has not yet returned.

A force which I sent 20 miles up the river after a rebel force on the north side returned last night. The rebels had left before the arrival of my men, and it was deemed to pursue them with infantry, as they were mounted. I learn that some of General Shackelford's cavalry from Hopkinsville are in pursuit of these fellows to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. LYON,

Captain W. C. RUSSELL, A. A. G., Reserve Corps, Nashville, Tenn.

AUGUST 1, 1863.-Expedition from Columbus to Hickaman, Ky.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward H. Mix, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

COLUMBUS, KY., August 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report movements under Special Orders, Numbers 191, Headquarters District of Columbus, as follows:

At 2 a. m. on the 1st instant, was detailed to command the expedition, consisting of two companies, B and I, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, under Captains Miller and Hutchison, and one company, Captain Hansons', Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

