
Regulars, Seventh Pennsylvania and Third Indiana scoured the counter for about 3 miles, but their horses wee too tired to overtake the freshly mounted rebels.

Our loss, I regret to say, was heavy, but it was confined exclusively to the Fourth Michigan, the was heavy, but it was confined exclusively to the Fourth Michigan, the only regiment engaged, and which had only 115 men out. We killed 1 lieutenant and 13 men and took 1 lieutenant and 9 men prisoners.

I remained at Sparta until 1 p. m., and then returned to camp, where I arrived at 12.30 p.m. on the instant.

Inclose I hand you return of casualties.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel george G. Dibrell, Eighth [Thirteenth] Tennessee Cavalry (Confederate.)

SPARTA, August 18, 1863.

In obedience to orders from General Forrest, I left Chattanooga on July 27 with the Eighth [Thirteenth] Tennessee Cavalry; moved across Waldron's Ridge and Cumberland Mountains to Sparta, arriving here on the 29th. My instructions were to watch and report the movements of General Rosecrans' army, one corps of which was at McMinnville, 26 miles from this place. I set scout into the lines of the enemy, and harassed their foraging and scouting parties, capturing a few prisoners and horses.

On the morning of the 9th instant, my pickets that were 8 miles from camp on the road to Spencer were attacked by the brigade of Colonel Minty, and a lively race ensued to camp. Captain [Jefferson] Leftwich, who was in command of the pickets, managed the retreat splendidly, holding the advance of the enemy in check and keeping his men well up until they reached camp. The regiment was encamped upon my own farm, 2 miles north of Sparta. We heard the firing before the courier arrived, just at daylight. Saddled as quickly as possible; sent Captain [Hamilton] McGinnis with his company to meet and check the enemy while we fell back with the regiment across Wild Cat Creek, which, with its deep banks and a mill pond above the bridge, was only passable at the bridge. The enemy were in full speed, and before we could get into position were pressing our rear, having met and routed McGinnis and his company. I took position in front of the bridge with Companies G and K, and sent the balance of the regiment, under D. A. Allison, acting adjutant, to form a line from us to the Calfkiller River, Allison, acting adjutant, to form a line from ut to the Calfkiller River with instructions not to fire a gun until we opened at the bridge. The enemy had to enter an open space between the Wild Cat Creek and a large fence and pass up some 200 or 300 yards to the bridge. When their,advance reached the the whole regiment opened. They were yelling and charging at full speed, and the open space above refereed to was full of them. Our gallant

---------------

*Report of casualties shows 1 officer and 4 men the Fourth Michigan Cavalry wounded.

---------------

