
boys raised the yell as they poured volley after volley into them, until they retreated in great confusion out of the trap into which he had drawn them. They soon rallied and charged us against, said to be by the Fourth Regulars, but we soon repulsed them. They then attempted a charge on foot, but were again repulsed. They then sent a party across the Calfdkiller River to gain or rear, but I had anticipated them, and they were soon driven back. We skirmished awhile, and knowing my force was too small to contend long with a full brigade (we had not over 300 men present), I decided to fall back about 1 mile to the month of Blue Spring Creek,where our position would be strengthened, and did so; but the enemy declined to follow, us, when we soon learned they were withdrawing; we gave pursuit, and followed them to the Caney Fork River, a distance of 18 miles,but could not overtake them . the enemy left 20 dead horses and 12 dead men, and had a large number wounded. Our loss was 4 wounded and 8 captured.

During the fight I was re-enforced by Camp. Ferguson with a part of his company and by several citizens. By the time the fight was over, the ladies in the neighborhood had cooked and sent to us a breakfast for the entire regiment, which was highly prized as we had been driven from our camps before anything could be prepared. Colonel Minty had four regiments in his brigade, and was very angry with his Union guides for bringing him into such a place as we fought him. this caused us to be cautious.

* * * *

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALTERNATE DESIGNATIONS OF ORGANIZATIONS MENTIONED IN THIS VOLUME.*

Abbott's (Ephraim P.) Artillery. See Tennessee Troops, Union, 1st Battalion, Battery A.

Abeel's (Alfred) Cavalry. See Michigan Troops, 4th Regiment.

Adams' (Silas) Cavalry. See Kentucky Troops, Union, 1st Regiment.

Aldrich's (Simeon C.) Infantry. See Indiana Troops, 44th Regiment.

Aleshire's (Charles C.) Artillery. See Ohio Troops, 18th Battery.

Alexander's (G. S.) Cavalry. See Basil W. Duke's Cavalry.

Alexander's (John W. S.) Infantry. See Illinois Troops, 21 st Regiment. Allen's (W. W.) Cavalry. See Alabama Troops, Confederate, 1st Regiment.

Anderson Cavalry. See Pennsylvania Troops, 15th Regiment.

Anderson's (Nicholas L.) Infantry. See Ohio Troops, 6th Regiment.

Anderson's (R. W.) Artillery. See Thomas H. Dawson's Artillery.

Andeson's (William B.) Infantry. See Illinois Troops, 60th Regiment.

Andrew's (William W.) Artillery. See Indiana Troops, 21st Battery.

Ashby's (H. M.) Cavalry. See Tennessee Troops, Confederate.

Askew's (Frank) Infantry. See Ohio Troops, 15th Regiment.

Baird's (John P.) Infantry. See Indiana Troops, 85th Regiment.

Ballentine's (John G.) Cavalry. See Mississippi Troops.

Banning's (Henry B.) Infantry. See Ohio Troops, 12st Regiment.

