
upon the subject. It will appear that the guns upon the left were withdrawn from their position without orders from Colonel Coburn. Whether this movement was at the time compulsory is a question.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant J. S. FULLERTON,

Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c., Headquarters Army of the Kentucky.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel John Coburn, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS, Murfreesborough, Tenn., August 30, 1863.

Captain W. C. RUSSELL,Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Colonel John Coburn, Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Reserve Corps, of the part his command took in the action at Thompson's Station, March 5, 1863, his capture and treatment of himself, officers, and men while prisoners of war, and prior to his arrival at Annapolis, Md., together with sub-reports of officers commanding regiments and detachments in Colonel Coburn's command.

Not being in command of the division at that time, I respectfully refrain from adding anything to the report, but submit the whole for the consideration of the general commanding the district.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, Tenn., August 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 2nd day of March, A. D. 1863, my brigade, composed of the Thirty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, the Twenty-second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, the Nineteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry, the Eighty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry,a nd the Eighteenth Ohio Battery, being encamped at Brentwood, Tenn., I received from Brigadier General C. C. Gilbert, then in command at Franklin, Tenn., an order to march to that place, then threatened by a rebel force, an attack having been made on his southern line of outposts. The brigade was at once moved, and arrived at Franklin that night at 10 o'clock. The brigade remained in camp the next day (March 3). At 11 o'clock at night of the 3rd, an order was received to march the brigade, together with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and 600 cavalry, composed of the Ninth Pennsylvania, the Second Michigan, and the Fourth Kentucky, under the command of Colonel Jordan, upon the next morning at an early hour. A foraging train of 80 wagons was to be taken, the men to be supplied with four days' rations. The expedition was to proceed to Spring Hill the first day, and encamp. On the sec-

