
follows: "I suppose you understand the object of the movement. If the forage train to likely to embarrass you, send it back, and go ahead." Colonel Coburn informed me that he asked General Gilbert how much ammunition he should take, and that General Gilbert told him that he would not take more than the cartridge-boxes contained. Colonel Coburn, however, ordered the regiments to take 30 rounds besides.

The men of the entire command lay on their arms all night and until 4 o'clock in the morning, when each regiment formed in line of battle, and were held in readiness for any emergency until they marched. A heavy picket guard of cavalry and infantry was kept out from the time we stopped until the column advanced.

Herewith find a copy of the order on which Colonel Coburn marched.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. ADAMS,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Edwin I. Bachman, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Franklin, Tenn., March 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition, under the command of Colonel John Coburn, consisting of the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana, the Nineteenth Michigan, Twenty-second Wisconsin, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio, and Eighteenth Ohio Battery, and detachments of the Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Colonel Jordan, numbering in all some 2,300 men. The command was encumbered with a large train, numbering 101 wagons, 40 of which were loaded with our camp equipage and some ammunition.

We got fairly started from Franklin, on the pike leading to Columbia, about 10 a. m., March 4. After traveling some 3 miles, our cavalry commenced skirmishing with the enemy, who opened on us with two pieces of artillery. Our battery quickly answered, and in an hour the enemy commenced to retreat. Only 1 of our men was wounded (slightly), the enemy leaving 4 men dead upon the field.

At the commencement of the engagement I parked the wagon train in a field aside the road, so as to advance or expedite a retreat as quickly as possible.

The first order I received concerning the train, I having charge of it, was, "Move the train back, as a cavalry force threatens our left." I had scarcely got the train into the road before I was again ordered to turn the train and advance; then to turn back again, when I took the train in sight of Franklin. There I received orders to fill all the wagons I could with forage. Filled 39, and was also ordered to send the empty wagons back, which left me 40 wagons. Before I caught up with our forces, I passed one of our cannon, which was damaged in the engagement.

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 15, p. 77.

---------------

7 R R-VOL XXIII, PT I

