
detail one regiment to accompany the train and help it over the bad road. Send a regiment ahead to corduroy the road, so that no difficulty will be experienced in forcing the train through. The road from Jasper to this place is good except in a few places, and with double teams the pontoons can travel as rapidly as the troops.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Mulberry Fork of Black Warrior, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: You had bettered halt your command to-night at Jasper and gather all the forage you can find. Double teams and push the pontoons forward with the utmost possible dispatch. Your mules can go back to you as soon as the train reaches here. McCook will follow in the morning, if the river don't rise too much to-night. Make the arrangements indicated in my previous note, and be ready to march with the best supply of provisions, ammunition, and forage you can command. I will notify you when to leave Jasper. It is possible you may not have to march from there till late to-morrow evening or next day morning. The ford here is very bad. The approaches to the ford and site for bridge bad. Upton has been all day in getting over. No forage in this quarter, so you will have to exert yourself in getting that to prevent suffering among the animals.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Saunders' Ferry, March 27, 1865 - 8.30 a. m.

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: My division with entire train will be across the river by night. Our wagons and ambulances crossed without difficulty. River fell a little last night. Ford will be good when other divisions arrive. Second Brigade will be at Locust Fork to-night; is half across now.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Ammunition has to be raised about six inches in the wagon box to be safe.

E. U.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jasper, Ala., March 27, 1865 - 11.45 a. m.

[Brevet Major-General UPTON:]

GENERAL: Your dispatches of yesterday and this morning are just received. Am glad to know an apparent difficulty has been so promptly overcome. Fill your pack train as full as possible of ammunition and provisions, particularly coffee, and leave every wheel you

