
conform to that of the headquarters boat. These instructions will be communicated to the captains of boats by the officers commanding the troops on the several boats.

By command of Brevet Major-General Elliott:

JAMES A. SPENCE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, GA., June 16, 1865 - 2 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m. 18th.)

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of June 15, 12.30 p. m., is received; facts stated correctly. Sent six weeks ago as far north as Charlotte to verify them, guided by men engaged in the secretion and transportation of the money, and reported to Secretary that Davis had used most of it (the entire sum did not exceed $1,500,000, principally silver) in paying off his troops. The balance was distributed to rebel families and pillaged by disbanded revels, assisted by parties of the national soldiery. You may rely upon this and rest assured that nothing more can be made out of the Confederate Treasury. I will have the books of the Treasury Department, now in my possession waiting orders, examined for satisfaction of all concerned.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 16, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON, Nashville:

Your dispatch yesterday form Macon received. All the points you mention will be brought to the attention of the major-general upon his arrival. The Western and Atlantic road will not be turned over to the State or stockholders, or be run by any person but the management of U. S. military railroads in this city and their authorized agents. The road as far as Atlanta is to be held as a military railroad until ordered otherwise by the War Department through these headquarters.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

MACON, June 16, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Winslow informs me that for the seven days ending on the 10th instant he was issued to the poor at Atlanta 45,000 pounds of meal, and 10,000 pounds of flour. In your dispatch of the 29th of May you caution us against allowing the issues to assume such extensive proportions as they usually do. I have informed you of the large number of destitute people in the counties adjacent to Atlanta, but General Winslow exports that he has not supplied one-fourth of them, and with only seven days' supplies. Somebody must act in this matter with such efficiency as to save life, and at once. I have recommended the continuance of the tax-in-kind. But that measure will only be effective in the future. Charity must be sent in the shape of corn and meat for 30,000 people at the very least.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

