HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., June 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. C. BROTT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Fort Donelson, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires me to call your attention to his letter of May 31 to Colonel Smyth, of the Eighty-third Illinois, in reference to the conduct of that regiment. In that letter the was pleased to say that at a time when he most needed brave men and steady soldiers to drive Wheeler and Forrest out of the district, he was but too happy to avail himself of the services of as many of your regiment as could be spared for that duty, and that relying greatly upon them he was not disappointed in their deportment. You were in command of that part of the regiment which reported to him, and he directs me to say to you that you that your duties and the duties of the officers and men under your command were efficiently, faithfully, and cheerfully performed. He also directs me to say, in addition to what he said of your regiment in the letter to Colonel Smithy, that he feels grateful for the excellent manner in which you have managed affairs at Fort Donelson, and the adjacent country, and wishes you to be assured of his high regard and esteem for you as a soldier and a gentleman.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST SUB-DIST. OF MIDDLE TENN., Numbers 54. Tullahoma, Tenn., June 17, 1865.

I. Colonel Amasa Cobb, Forty-third Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, is relieved from duty as commandant of the Third Brigade, and will join his regiment, preparatory to being mustered out in obedience to order of the War Department.

II. Colonel Thomas Saylor, of the Twenty-ninth Michigan Infantry, will take command of the Third Brigade, First Sub-District of Middle Tennessee, without delay, establishing his headquarters at Decherd.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. The One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry is hereby relieved from duty in Second Brigade and assigned to the Third Brigade. The One hundred and forty-eighth Illinois will relieved the Forty third Wisconsin Regiment, garrisoned on the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, from Block-house Numbers 14 to Decherd, placing the same number o men at each station as their present garrison, substituting officers for non-commissioned officers as far as practicable. These detachments from the One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment will march immediately to their respective post, headquarters of regiment at Decherd. The commanding officer will report in person to Colonel Thomas SAyloer, Twenty-ninth Michigan Infantry, commanidng Third Brigade.

V. As soon as relieved by the One hundred and forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, the Forty-third Wisconsin Infantry quill proceed to Nashville by rail, in obedience to paragraph XVIII, Special Orders, Numbers 55, Department of the Cumberland, current series.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

