HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., June 17, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: In consequence of the breaking up of the brigade of this division of cavalry by the transfer of five regiments to another geographical division of the army and the muster out of First Mississippi Regiment, I have the honor to recommend the following organization:

First Brigade, Colonel Otto Funke: Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General phelps: Second Arkansas Cavalry, Eleventh New York Cavalry.

Third U. S. Colored Cavalry to remain unattached.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 52. Steamer Peytona, June 18, 1865.

I. The following arrangements and order of procedure of the boats, and also of the interior economy of the flotilla of the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, will be observed in the movement from Paducah to New Orleans: First, Peytona, headquarters Third Division; second Anna, headquarters First Brigade; third, J. H. Baldwin; fourth, Jewess; fifth, W. F. Curtis; sixth, Sallie List, headquarters Second Brigade; seventh, Echo; eighth, Silver Lake; ninth, Armenia; tenth, Kate Robinson; eleventh, Columbia. The above order in sailing will be preserved as nearly as possible. The boats will keep as near together as possible without endangering each other. At all events, each boat will keep in sight of the boat preceding it.

II. The signal for landing will be three whistles form the flag-ship, nd will be transmitted by each boat in succession, and the boats will come in and land as near the flag-ship as practicable. the signal for sounding will be one long whistle, then two short ones, and then a long whistle from the flag-ship. On receiving this signal the boats will all check their headway, and no boat will attempt to pass another in the ones in quick succession, accompanied by the ringing of the bell. Whenever this signal is given by a boat it will be taken up by the boat preceding it and passed on to the flag-ship. Upon hearing this signal the whole fleet will be checked, and the boats nearest the boat given this signal will proceed at once to its assistance.

III. The senior officer of each boat will have the boat thoroughly policed each morning, the blankets all shaken out, and will maintain good sanitary regulations on the boat for preserving the health of the so many troops on board renders it imperatively necessary that there should be no cooking by the troops on the boats, and the same is strictly forbidden. The fleet will be stopped and the men allowed to land often enough to cook meat. When the fleet stops for this purpose officers will see that the men land and cook meat enough to do them at

64 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

