
can possibly dispense with; take none except for headquarters and ammunition, not to exceed for the latter purpose three to each brigade. Leave your wagons with the dismounted men. I have given similar orders to Long and McCook. They are, or were at daybreak, respectively, twenty-four and twenty-five miles from here. The pontoon train behind Long, with a bad road to travel. Both divisions will join you as soon as possible. The train I intend to trust to the dismounted men and one battalion of mounted. In the meantime push over the Locust Fork and demonstrate upon Elyton. Take it if practicable. I will join you in person as soon as possible. Have heard that Buford, with Roddey's old command, to be re-enforced by Chalmers', marching via Pickensville and Tuscaloosa to Montevallo, were expecting to intercept a raid from Whitesburg, on the Tennessee. You will be able to ascertain the truth of this. Keep me fully informed. Send me word about the crossing of the Eastern Fork of Warrior. If it should indicate rain to-night, get across if practicable the swell begins.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., CAV. CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 34. Saunders' Ferry, Ala., March 27, 1865.

The division will move as follows: The Second Brigade, as soon as across the river, will move via Democrat, taking the Elyton road to the Locust Fork of the Black Warrior, where it will encamp for the night. The First Brigade will encamp for the night on the south bank of the river and move forward to-morrow morning at daylight, escorting the train and pursuing the same road to the Locust Fork of the Black Warrior. The dismounted men will be ferried across on the raft constructed by General Winslow. General Alexander will detail four companies to escort the battery, ambulances, his own and division headquarters wagons to-day to the point designated for his campaign ground to-night. General Winslow will take charge of all that is here as soon as the train commences to cross.

By order of Brevet Major-General Upton:

JAMES W. LATTA,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 15. Louisville, Ky., March 27, 1865.

Captain John F. Herbert, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, is hereby announced as chief of artillery on the department staff. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

hE. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 27. Louisville, Ky., March 27, 1865.

* * * *

11. Colonel N. S. Andrews, Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, is relieved from duty as chief of artillery on the staff of Brevet Major-

