
least three days. Bread is furnished to the men cooked. Hot water can be obtained from the boilers or cook's galley for making coffee, and the senior officer on each boat will make arrangements to this effect.

IV. The senior officer on each boat will keep constantly posted a sufficient number of sentinels to preserve order and decorum, as well as to prevent the men from going ashore when the fleet lands for any other purpose than cooking. It is strictly forbidden for the men to be allowed to leave the boats for any other purpose than for cooking at the regular landings for that purpose, and this will always begone away from ny town or place that will afford inducements to the men to straggle.

V. The commanding officer of each boat will not allow liquors to be sold or brought aboard his boat. Each brigade commander will furnish a copy of this order immediately to the senior officer of each boat in his command.

By command of Major-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, June 18, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram in regard to Western and Atlantic Railroad is received.* I think it more economical to leave the entire management in the hands of General Winslow. He was had all the trouble and work of repairing it, and is amply capable of managing it henceforward without the assistance of the U. S. Military Railroad authorities. I have given him all necessary power, and, as there is an abundance of rolling-stock, I hope he will not be interfered with. The earnings of the road will be applied as General Thomas may direct. The road will be done in ten days.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NASHVILLE, June 18, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that all military restrictions upon trade and transportation of cotton are removed.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 111. Macon, Ga., June 18, 1865.

I. Colonel B. B. Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry, will proceed with his regiment to Augusta, Ga., by rail, thence by easy marches to Orangeburg,
---------------

*See 16th, p. 1002.

---------------

