
S. C. On his arrival there he will proceed to Hilton Head, S. C., and report in person to Major-General Gillmore for further instructions. He will take with him five wagons and two ambulances. All men on detached duty belonging to his regiment will be relieved. In relieving Colonel Eggleston as post commandant of Atlanta, Ga., the brevet major-general commanding cheerfully expresses his thanks and satisfaction to this officer for the ability and efficiency which has characterized his administration while in that responsible position.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Brevet Brigadier-General Winslow having, by the authority of the United States, taken possession of and repaired the Western and Atlantic Railroad, is hereby appointed military superintendent of the same. He is charged with the entire and complete management and control of the same, making all appointment of employes for the road, preference being given to loyal men and discharged soldiers. He will see that no one is retained or employed on the road in the interest of the State of Georgia and inimical to those of the United States. He will arrange proper tariffs, and will forward to these headquarters a semi-monthly report of the operations and condition of the road. All earnings and expenditures must be accounted for. He will not transfer the control of the road and property to any other parties unless so ordered from these headquarters.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

EDWARD P. INHOFF,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 18, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. F. WINSLOW:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant in regard to the Western and Atlantic Railroad. I inclose herewith an order vesting in you all authority necessary to its complete and exclusive management by yourself.* I look to you for the appointment of proper employes, from highest to lowest. You are therefore authorized to remove anybody now employed, or who may hereafter be employed, and are directed to dos when, in your judgment, the public interests demand it, either for reasons of policy, politicks, or inefficiently. You will, as a matter of course, give the preference to loyal men and discharged soldiers of the U. S. service. You are particularly charged that nobody is retained in employment on the road in the interest of the State of Georgia and inimical to those of the United States. In other words, the railroads must not be used as a rebel political machine. I shall also look to you for the virtuous administration of the road in every respect; all earnings and expenditures must be rigidly accounted for, proper tariff must be arranged and no free list allowed. People who have no money to travel must be required to make an affidavit to that effect, and then give their notes payable in six months. This is the general rule. The exceptions should be for reasons of undoubted force and in the light of justifiable charity. You must require of all subordinates such returns as will enable you to make semi-monthly reports of the condition of the road. A telegram

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

