
from General Whipple yesterday seems to indicate that the authorities of the U. S. military railroads will take charge of the road as soon as it is finished. I shall protest against that as unnecessary, and in view of the fact that those same authorities failed to give any assistance in making the repairs. If there is any point not clearly enough covered by this letter of instructions and the inclosed order, please inform me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 43. Louisville, Ky., June 18, 1865.

Application having been made at these headquarters by the owners of slaves that the freedom of their slaves be granted by military authority, to the end that the labor of such liberated slaves may be made available at home as hired laborers, their persons protected, and the wages agreed to be given be assured to them, it is hereby announced that in all cases where the owners of slaves shall declare in writing is made by the master before some military authority, provided said declaration in writing is made by the master before some military officer commanding a post or special detachment, or before some provost-marshal, and assented to by said slave. The officer before whom such declaration is made will furnish a copy thereof to the said owner and any slave or party thereto. Parents may accept similar declaration for their minor children. The military authorities will regard the parties to such agreements as if free, and will enforce the payments of wages. Colored persons are advised to enter into the agreements contemplated in this order whenever they can do so with just and humane masters.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 18, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. H. GRIERSON,

Memphis, Tenn.:

On the completion of your duties at Memphis, you will please proceed to Nashville and consult with General Thomas as to the number of cavalry of his and General Wison's command that will be left in the northern parts of Alabama and Florida, and thus be transferred to his command. You will then proceed to inspect that portion thereof serving in Northern Alabama, and having performed that duty will return to these headquarters. Please acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major General R. S. Canby:

C. T.. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

