
SPECIFICATIONS FOR BADGE, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND.

1. Star, five pointed; suspended, point upward; frosted, gold or silver, with polished edge one twenty-fourth of an inch wide. Points of star blunt or very slightly rounded. Radius of circle of outer points nineteenths of an inch, of inner points four and a half tenths of an inch.

2. Triangle in center of star, point upward; frosted, gold or silver, with polished edge one twenty-fourth of an inch wide, elevated above star one thirty-second of an inch, or engraved, if wearer chooses. Triangle of such size saw as to leave space around it in frosted part of the star.

3. Acorn in center of triangle, polished, old or silver, with frosted cap and polished stem, in alto relieve, or engraved. Acorn of such size as to leave space around it in frosted part of triangle. Enameled natural color, if the wearer chooses.

4. Ribbon, silk,red, white, and blue, three-fourths of inch wide, one and one-fourth inches long.

5. Pin, concave, oval, five-tenths of an inch long, two and a half tenths of an inch wide; frosted, gold or silver, with polished edge raiders. Laurel wreath surrounding oval, which is supported at both sides by pillars. Oval to be one-sixteenth of an inch above wreath, with "Army of the Cumberland" engraved therein. Entire oval between pillars, seven and a half tenths of an inch long.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 66. Nashville, Tenn., June 19, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. The One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Infantry having reported t these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 72, paragraph I, current series, headquarters Army of the Tennessee, the commanidng officer thereof will report will his command to Major General the commanding officer thereof will report with his command to Major General L. H. Rousseau, commanding District of Middle Tennessee, for orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. The One hundreds and fifty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry is hereby relieved from duty with Third Brigade, Second Separate Division, Department of the Cumberland. The commanding officer will report in person with his command to Bvt. Major General John E. Smith, commanding District of West Tennessee, for assignment to duty at Memphis, Tenn. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

H. M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

