
EASTPORT, MISS., June 19, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

I have already seized a large quantity of Confederate corn and issued to that portion of the population who are really needy. I am now assessing the rich to supply the poor, taking subsistence in kind. This I find is not equal to the demand, and I know of several instances where people have died from starvation. I desire instructions in regard to the issue of rations, or whether it is the intention of the Government to feed these people of leave them to their fate.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 19, 1865.

Major-General JOHNSON,

Pulaski:

Major-General Thomas does not desire that the road shall be strongly guarded, and hanks that you can relieve the One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio, without using any dismounted cavalry. The block-houses need have only enough men to prevent them being burned by citizens.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Numbers 144. Nashville, Tenn., June 19, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. The One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Infantry having reported at these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 66, paragraph 3, current series, headquarters Department o the Cumberland, the commanding officer thereof will proceed with his command to Gallatin, Tenn., for duty at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

VII. The One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Infantry having reported at these headquarters and been assigned to duty at Gallatin, Tenn., the detachment of that regiment now on Nashville nd Northwestern Railroad will proceed to Gallatin without delay, and report to the commanding officer of the regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 19, 1865.

(Sent 8.20 a. m. 20th.)

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

With a view to a further reduction of the military force, you will please forward to these headquarters a statement showing the number of veteran regiments in the Army of the Tennessee, including those that have been added to it from the Armies of Georgia and the Potomac, the effective strength present absent, with the

