
date of original muster in and the date of rhymester as veterans of each regiment. Those regiments will be mustered out who have the shortest time to serve until the aggregate effective strength so mustered out reaches 12,000 men.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 76. Louisville, Ky., June 19, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Major-General Hazen, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will detail one regiment of infantry to act as provost guard for the city of Louisville, to report at once to Bvt. Brigadier General Louis D. Wathins, post commander. Suitable quarters will be furnished by the post commander.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will detail one regiment of infantry to act as provost guard for the city of Louisville, to report at once to Bvt. Brigadier General Louis D. Wathins, post commander. Suitable quarters will be furnished by the post commander.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General J. A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 20, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to recommend the promotion of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Stockton, Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers Infantry, to the rank of brigadier-generally brevet, for gallant conduct and meritorious services during the siege of Vicksburg, and especially for gallantry at the battle of Franklin, Tenn., where he was wounded, to date November 30, 1864. Colonel Storckton is a young man of fine abilities and great personal bravery and he is justly entitled to this recognition of his services. As his regiment will soon be mustered out of service, I would respectfully request that early action be taken upon this commendation.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 1. Nashville, Tenn., June 20, 1865.

By order of the President of the United States, I hereby assume command of the Military Division of the Tennessee, embracing the Department of Kentucky, Department of Tennessee, Department of Georgia, Department of Alabama, and Department of Florida, headquarters at Nashville. The Department of Kentucky embraces the State of Kentucky; Major General J. M. Palmer, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the

