
to report to his regiment at Cleveland, Tenn., and assume command of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Cumberland.

II. Colonel J. F. Curtis, Forty-fourth Indiana Infantry, temporarily in command of the Second Brigade, will, in addition to his present command, assume temporary command of the post of Chattanooga, Tenn.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 4. Louisville, Ky., June 20, 1865.

By request of Major-General Palmer, I assume temporary command of the Department of Kentucky.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, June 20, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

In the absence of senior commander at this place I have the honor to report direct, for the information of general commanding, three divisions of my corps in camp near city,and the fourth arriving.

JEFFERSON C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers --. Louisville, Ky., June 20, 1865.

During the stay of the corps in this vicinity the general commanding desires as ar as practicable to allow the men of the command to visit their homes. Division commanders are, therefore, authorized to grant furloughs until further orders to the enlisted men of their commands to the extent of 20 per cent. of the number present for duty. In forwarding applications regimental and detachment commanders will state whether the application, considering both the number of men absent on furlough and the number of applications then pending, comes within the limit of 20 per cent. In order to benefit the greatest number possible the furloughs must be short. Ten days will be allowed to men from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky; fifteen days to men from Michigan, Wisconsin, and Missouri, and twenty days to men from Minnesota. When commanding officers think the case of sufficient importance to demand a longer time, o a furlough in excess of the number allowed, the applications will be forwarded to these headquarters. Applications for leaves of absence will as usual be addressed to these headquarters, and the indorsement of commanding officers will show in each case the number absent (with applications pending), and that a proper officer is left to command the company, or, in case of a field officer, the regiment to which the officer is attached.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jeff. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

