SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 159. Memphis, Tenn., June 20, 1865.

I. Company A, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, is hereby detached for special duty at headquarters District of West Tennessee. The commanding officer will report to Bvt. Brigadier General W. H. Morgan, assistant adjutant-general, for instructions.

II. Company G, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, will be held in readiness to embark on receipt of orders. The company will take all their camp and garrison equipage and ordnance stores, and must be ready to move at a moment's notice. Ten days' rations and ten days' forage will be drawn and made ready to put on the boats. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. Brevet Brigadier-General Bouton, provost-marshal, District of West Tennessee, will at once proceed to New Orleans on special duty. Having accomplished the object of his journey, he will report back to these headquarters without delay. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Bvt. Major General John E. Smith:

W. H. MORGAN,Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 13TH ARMY COPRS, Numbers 25. Mobile, Ala., June 20, 1865.

To OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE SECOND DIVISION:

I am aware of the disappointment you feel in being retained longer in the service. What is before you will put your discipline to as much test as anything you have encountered. You will probably have the hardships of a campaign without its pleasant and exciting events. You go to a distant part of the country to promote order and the security of person and property. You must, therefore, relax none of your discipline nor lose any of your soldierly accomplishments and character. In the first place, I caution you to be extremely careful of your health. Prudent and seasonable care of yourselves and temperate habits, together with a cheerful and solute spirit, will carry you safely through the exposures of the summer. Your vigor still belongs to your country, and you have no right by dissipation or neglect to impair it. thus far, as a general thing, you have won the respect and admiration of the people with whom you have mingled. Such are the attractions of youth and the frank and generous nature of heroic men. The common soldiers hardly realize how great have been the triumphs of their kindness and courtesy. It is them the people most observe. You represent the dignity and humanity of your Government. The strangers you go among, as they scrutinize your appearance and conduct, will think of our Government and be reconciled and attracted to it in proportion as you are just, orderly, and refined. You are now the guardians of law, of order, and of peace. It being your special duty to uphold and enforce law. let no thoughtless one of your number tarnish your good name by violating law. Soldiers of the Second Division, I can see how in a few weeks you will be greeted at your homes with enthusiasm and gratitude. The cities through which you pass will pour out their population to behold the heroes of the last

