
General Bubridge, and will proceed to Bowling Green, Ky., and assume command of his regiment at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for two horses from Lexington, Ky., to Bowling Green.

12. Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Babcock, Twelfth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty as post commandant at Bowling Green, Ky., and will return to his regiment for duty.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

The guerrillas are again on the railroad near Glasgow. An expedition must be organized at once to go for them. What can you do?

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, March 27, 1865.

Major-General PALMER,

Headquarters:

If you will have sent to Camp Nelson immediately 500 horse equipments, I will furnish sufficient force to protect Louisville and Nashville Railroad; also clean out Metcalfe and Monroe Conties. I have no mounted force that can be sent without exposing other points. I will do all I can to organize force for purposes named in your dispatch. If I had been supplied with equipments for First Kentucky, I would have had men there now.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, March 27, 1865.

Captain HARLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have ordered fifty men mounted from Campbellsville and Greensburg to the vicinity of Glasgow Junction, on Louisville and Nashville Railroad, with instructions to scout that section for guerrillas.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

NICHOLASVILLE, KY., March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

A squad of eight guerrillas at Keene this morning crossed pike three miles north of here, at 12 o'clock; passed Shelby farm, six miles east of here, at 2 o'clock, evidently making to Tate's Creek or Paint Lick Ferry; two detachments of twenty men in pursuit. A detachment from Richmond might head them off.

WM. R. JACKSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

