
great battle of the war, and of the many battles before it. In those exulting moments - in years to come, indeed, as you receive tokens of favor from your countrymen - how sweet it will be for your to reflect that everywhere, and at all times, your conduct has been upright and manly.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, June 21, 1865.

(Received 22nd.)

General WHIPPLE:

General Winslow reports it will require 800 bushels of corn and 30,000 pounds of meat daily to feed the starving poor in the section of Georgia adjacent to Atlanta, and suggests that immediate steps be taken to ship the necessary supplies to Atlanta for distribution. This is a most serious matter, and demands prompt attention.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, June 21, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON:

I have learned to-day that 50,000 rations have been shipped to your command from Apalachicola to the post quartermaster at Eufaula, Ala. You stated previously that you would only have forage to be shipped via that point. Is it your desire to have rations shipped to your command from that point? Please notify if so, that the necessary supplies for both commands may be forwarded from here to Apalachicola.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MACON, GA., June 21, 1865.

(Received 11.30 a. m. 22nd.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Your telegram of to-day received. I need nothing but forage by the way of Apalachicola, and I think we can dispense with that as soon as I get the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad opened. Will notify you.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HILTON HEAD, June 21, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Your dispatch of the 16th is received. If the regiment ordered to Orangeburg is 500 or 600 strong that will do. I see newspaper reports of the formation of military divisions, but have nothing authentic. Please send the Savannah custom-house records to General Woodford, commanding in Savannah. I am glad you have got Nisbet. I want to get hold of the records of the confiscation court in which Nisbet and the other two men were engaged. I am all right, but hard at work exercising the combined functions of governors, legislatures, judges, justice, tax executioners, and anxiously waiting for something to turn up.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

