SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Numbers 146. Nashville, Tenn., June 21, 1865.

I. The One hundred and forty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry is relieved from duty in the First Sub-District Middle Tennessee and will proceed to Clarksville, Tenn. Upon the arrival of the regiment at that place the commanding officer will send three companies to Fort Donelson for duty at that post, the remainder of the regiment to be stationed at Clarksville. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, June 21, 1865.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am in receipt of communications and indorsement from headquarters Department of the Gulf, addressing me as commanding the District of Alabama, but have received no order of assignment. If one had been issued will you please inform me of it, giving the limits of my command? Mobile is not reporting to me, therefore I am obliged to report my troops there as on detached service.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. Mobile, Ala., June 21, 1865.

I. Brigade commanders are desired to have the circular form these headquarters of March 16, 1865, fully complied with by the regiments of their brigades.

II. The attention of officers is called to the following [extract] of paragraph 75, of the Revised Army Regulations:

All commanders ought to encourage useful occupations and manly exercises and diversions among their men, and to repress dissipation and immorality.

III. Commanding officers are reminded that in the few weeks or days that troops remain in the service much can be done to improve the accuracy and elegance of the manual of arms. Drills of an hour and a half per day at least will be ordered in the cool part of the day by brigade commanders, to be attended in each company by a commissioned officer. Care will be taken that the drill be accurate and according to the letter of the tactics, especially in regard to time and cadence. It needs but a reasonable amount of industry and attention to duty on the part of officers to secure fort heir commands an excellence which will be highly creditable. The moral effect of superior soldiership in our troops in this part of the country will be great. It is also worth painstaking for each regiment to appear thorough when it returns home. The test of the manual on dress-parade is for every motion to be made at the same time (in the ninetieth part of a minute, and no faster), and for every hand to come down by the side at the same time. Until this is accomplished regimental commanders should feel that they have not done their duty.

