
IV. At present and hereafter, when the troops are camped in the vicinity of a city or town, only two commissioned officers from a regiment in any one day, and only two enlisted men form a company (neatly dressed), will be permitted to be absent from camp to visit the city or town.

V. Brigade commanders and commanding officers of detachments reporting to these headquarters are requested to have the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 3, dated headquarters Third Brigade, Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, January 7, 1865, published and carried into effect, in letter and in spirit, in their respective commands.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews:

BYRON PORTER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 22, 1865.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Having completed all necessary arrangements of winding up the affairs of the Department of the Cumberland, I have published my order assuming command of the Military Division of the Tennessee. Official papers referring to railroads in the State and Department of Mississippi have been sent to me from your office for action. I am led to believe that, although in your official letter tome of June 7 the State of Mississippi was not included in my command, it was an oversight. Please inform me if you intended to include Mississippi in the Military Division of the Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 22, 1865.

(Sent 1.10 a. m. 23rd.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville:

The State of Mississippi is included in your command, and will be embraced in the printed order. Its omission in the papers you have was a clerical mistake.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, June 22, 1865 - 6 p.m. (Received 5.10 a.m. 23rd.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I respectfully ask to be officially notified of the appointment by the President of the provisional governors of the several States within my command, to enable me to open correspondence with them at as early a date as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

