
WASHINGTON, June 22, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

If the Fourth Army Corps has not yet sailed please transfer from it all Kentucky regiments and fill their places in it with other regiments.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 69. Nashville, Tenn., June 22, 1865.

I. The First Regiment Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, now at Louisville, Ky., will proceed without delay to Nashville, Tenn. The commanding officer will report in person to the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VII. Company E, Eighth Tennessee Mounted Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty at Clifton, Tenn. The commanding officer will proceed with his command to Savannah, Tenn., and establish his headquarters at that place.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IX. Company D, One hundred and sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 74, paragraph III, current series, headquarters Army of Tennessee, the commanding officer will proceed with his command without delay to Huntsville, Ala., reporting upon arrival to Bvt. Major General R. S. Granger, commanding District of Northern Alabama, for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

H. M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, June 22, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I find that my cavalry cannot do garrison duty and take care of their horses properly at the same time. I would therefore request that a proper force of infantry be sent to this section of the country as soon as practicable. I have now small garrisons at every town west and south of the Oconee and Altamaha. I think it would be much better to collect the cavalry, at least by brigades, in permanent camps, and by drill, discipline, and good care bring it to a high state of efficiency, ready to act anywhere with rapidity and force. In a telegram to me some time ago, General Grant said he would send me whatever force of infantry might be necessary.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

