
and kill Hill Looker, formerly a scout for Brigadier-General Starkweather; Line Hopwood, Isly, and McCallum, all notorious outlaws and robbers. The party caught and disposed of Looker and McCallum. The others evaded them, but only to fall into the hands of another similar party, by whom they, too, were dispatched. On night before last learning of a proposed gathering on Sugar Creek, seventeen miles below here, I sent to the locality designated a squad of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry. They captured and executed three notorious robbers and outlaws, Ferguson, Komer, and Tumer by name. Komer escaped from the guard house at this place some weeks since, being at the time under sentence of death. Both he and Tumer i believe were paroled by General Granger at Decatur in May, and have been stealing horses whenever occasion offered ever since. This morning one Noris, formerly a scout for General Dodge, was captured near this place with a confederate of the same kidney (name unknown) and executed by a party of my escort and by my orders. There are a few more of these guilty [parties] within my district of operations whom I hope to overtake in time, and propose to serve in the same way, unless instructed to the contrary. The Ferguson above named is not Champ Ferguson, but an equally desperate and lawless character. Before his execution he confessed to participation in the murder of an officer of the Eighth Michigan Cavalry some weeks since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 5. Lexington, June 22, 1865.

the undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Division, Department of Kentucky, in the absence of General Hobson.

J. F. WADE,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 22, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Montgomery, Ala.:

No order has been issued formally announcing district commanders, but you are, by virtue of seniority, commander of the entire district and State of Alabama, and the commanding officer at Mobile is at fault in not reporting to you.

By order:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 92. Montgomery, Ala., June 22, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. Brigadier General James I. Gilbert, U. S. Volunteers, under authority of General Orders, Numbers 106, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington,

