
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 23, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

Provided you have not executed the telegraph order of the 5th instant, from this office, relativity the discharge of all dismounted volunteer cavalry, it is hereby revoked, and instead it is ordered that a limited number of cavalry regiments, having the shortest time to serve, be dismounted and mustered out of service by entire organizations, and the horses thus obtained taken to mount the dismounted cavalrymen of regiments having the longest time to serve. The number of regiments to be dismounted will be determined by the number of dismounted men of the long-termed organizations. The muster out of the regiments will be made under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from this office. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 2. Nashville, Tenn., June 23, 1865.

By direction of the President of the United states, the Department of Mississippi, embracing the State of Mississippi, has been added to the Military Division of the Tennessee. Major General H. W. Slocum, U. S. Volunteers, has been assigned to the command of that department, headquarters at Vicksburg, Miss.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, [June] 23, 1865.

General WILSON:

Yours of 22nd received, asking for infantry, and referred to Major General J. B. Steedman, commanding Department of Georgia, for recommendation and action.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1865.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Department of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Upon assuming command of your department the major-general commanding directs that you take charge of the reorganization of civil law within your department, aiding such reorganization by the means at your disposal. The military authority will at all times be held and used as a support nd refuge to the civil, avoiding so far as possible the assumption of the functions of civil tribunals. No arrests or imprisonment for debts, claimed to be owed by one citizen to another, will be made. All depredations on the part of the military will be suppressed at once, and no impressment of forage, provisions, stock, or

