
other property will be permitted within your command. Such further special instructions will be given from time to time from these headquarters as circumstances may render necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major General J. B. Steedman, commanding Department of Georgia, Augusta, Ga.; Bvt. Major General A. A. Humphreys, commanding Department of Florida, Tallahassee, Fla.; Major General C. R. Woods, commanding Department of Alabama, Mobile, Ala.; Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding Department of Mississippi, Vicksburg, Miss.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 23, 1865.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Department of Kentucky:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to forward to you for your guidance, in so far as it may apply to your command, the accompanying copy of a circular letter of instruction s sent to the commanding officers of the other departments comprised in the Military Division of the Tennessee.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Louisville, Ky., June 23, 1865.

Major General JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Logan to transmit herewith, for your information, General Orders, Numbers 22, current series, from these headquarters, publishing, for the information of the army, General Orders, Numbers 117, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, of June 17, 1865, ordering the transfer of all the Western troops of the Army of Georgia to the Army of the Tennessee.+ A telegram has just been received from the Adjutant-General of the Army ordering the reduction of this army by the muster out of 15,000 men, and directing that the selection of the regiments to be mustered out shall be made from those that may have the shortest time to serve. To furnish a suitable basis of calculation, I am instructed to request you to furnish at your earliest convenience a report as to the organization of your corps, by regiments, brigades, and divisions, giving the names of the several commanding officers thereof, and the strength of each regiment present and absent. A similar export has been called for from the other corps, and as soon as a satisfactory basis of calculation can be arrived at orders will be issued designating the organizations to be mustered out of the service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

+See Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 649.

---------------

