
loves, and hence permit no act to sully the splendor of his past achievements. We cannot escape dishonor except by good behavior and a zealous devotion to whatever duties arise before us. Discipline in camp is as necessary as courage in battle. Inattention to the small duties will inevitably result in dishonor and shame. Requiring nothing but what your own honor and the good of the service demands, I confidently expect the zealous co-operation of all good officers and men to remove some recent charges against the discipline of this division. I shall be as zealous of your honor and your interests as of my own; but remember that you are to perform all your duties like officers and soldiers. Good discipline is hurtful only to the feelings of the evil disposed.

E. OPDYCKE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 36. Macon, Ga., June 24, 1865.

I. Commanders of districts and posts within the limits of this command will immediately take measures to have every warehouse, storeroom, and depository of cotton, and all books, papers, and receipts pertaining thereunto, carefully examined for the purpose of securing for the United States, the whole amount in store will be seized, and after an investigation will be held subject to orders from these headquarters.

II. All authority from these headquarters designating Colonel Ira R. Foster and Mr. J. H. R. Washington as agents for the collection of Confederate and State stores in Georgia for the benefit of the poor are hereby revoked. Colonel Foster and his agents will immediately turn over to Captain R. Carter, assistant quartermaster, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, such propter and stores as may have been gathered, and such papers and information pertaining thereunto as they may have in their possession. Colonel Foster will also make a detailed report of his operations under the orders alluded to herein. In relieving Colonel Foster and Mr. Washington, the brevet major-general commanidng desires to express his thanks of the efficiency and ability with which they have discharged the unpleasant duties they were good enough to voluntarily assume.

III. The chief quartermaster of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, is charged with the collection of disposition of these stores and is authorized to employ such agents as may be actually necessary to assist in the execution of this order.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

EDWARD P. INHOFF,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 117. Macon, Ga., June 24, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Major S. V. Shipman, First Wisconsin Cavalry, will proceed without delay to Washington City, D. C., in charge of arty boxes and

