
MOBILE, June 25, 1865.

(Received 9.35 p. m. 26th.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF:

Are the troops of the Thirteenth Army Corps assigned to temporary duty here to be sent forward to join their command in Texas or elsewhere as soon as transportation can be provided? I have received a dispatch from Major General A. J. Smith that all troops of this coprs were to be immediately forwarded.

THOS. KILBY SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., June 26, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to request that Bvt. Major General John M. Brannan, U. S. Volunteers, and Bvt. Major General Absalom Baird, U. S. Volunteers, be promoted to the full grade of major-general in the U. S. Volunteer service, for distinguished and gallant service during the war, and particularly at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19, and 20, 1863, to which time I would respectfully suggest their appointment be dated back. Much credit is due both these officers for the courage and determination evinced by them in that terrible engagement in which by a skillful handling of their commands, and the spirit of confidence which by their own gallant bearing they wee enabled to inspire in their troops, contributed to a great extend to the successful defeat of the much superior forces of the enemy. The promotion of these officers is only a reward of just merit, and I cannot too strongly urge their claims.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1865 - 3.30 p.m.

General THOMAS:

Commanding offices of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas are instructed that whilst they are not to endanger private property by efforts to seize that heretofore claimed by the so-called Confederate States, they will aide the officers of the Treasury Department in protecting and bringing to marked that already in Government possession, o which was included in the surrender of the rebel armies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to Generals Gillmore, Schofield, and Sheridan.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 3. Nashville, Tenn., June 26, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The organization known as the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, is hereby discontinued. The troops comprising that command remaining in service will report to the commanding officer of the department in which they may be serving, through the district

