
commander. Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson, will report for duty in accordance with orders already furnished him form these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. The following volunteer batteries of light artillery now serving in District of East Tennessee are hereby relieved from further duty in this department, and will report without delay to the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the State to which the organization belongs, at the place of rendezvous hereinafter designated, to be mustered out of service in accordance with provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105, current series, War Department. The guns, horses, and equipments of the command will be turned over to the proper officers of the respective departments at Knoxville, Tenn. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation under provisions of General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, War Department: Battery B, First Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn.; Battery D, First Tennessee Nashville, Tenn.; Battery E, First Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn.; Tenth Ohio Battery, Camp Dennison, Ohio; Twenty-first Ohio Battery, Cleveland, Ohio; Twenty-second Ohio Battery, Camp Chase, Ohio; Second Minnesota Artillery, Fort Snelling, Minn.; Thomas' Independent Battery, Indianapolis, Ind.; Seventh Indiana Battery, Indianapolis, Ind.; Colvin's Illinois Battery, Chicago, Ill.; Henshaw's Illinois Battery, Springfield, Ill.; Battery I, First Michigan, Detroit, Mich.; Battery M, First Michigan, Detroit, Mich.; Battery K, First Michigan, Detroit, Mich.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XI. The detachment of the First Tennessee Mounted Infantry, now stationed at Murfreesborough, Tenn., will proceed by rail at once to Nashville, Tenn., and report upon arrival to Bvt. Major A. L. Hough, chief mustering and disbursing officer for Tennessee at this place, for muster out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XXIX. The following regular batteries are hereby relieved from their present stations, and will proceed at once to Chattanooga, Tenn. The commanding officers will report in person to Major J. Mendenhall, commanding Light Artillery Reserve, who will mount and equip the organizations as horse artillery from the volunteer companies of the Light Artillery Reserve at that place: Battery I, Second U. S. Artillery, Stevenson, Ala.; Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, Bridgeport, Ala.; Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Bridgeport, Ala.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., June 26, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON, Pulaski, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The report of Lieutenant Hathaway, forwarded by you, has been received. The major-general commanding directs that you send sufficient force into Hichman County to hunt down and put out of the way all bushwhackers and guerrillas, and that you leave sufficient force there to secure the re-establishment of civil law.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

