
protect both public and private property against evil-disposed persons. He will be instructed to take possession of all Confederate corn, or which [was] vested in Confederate authority, and in extreme cases he will furnish destitute citizens in such supplies as would be allowed by issues from the commissary department. He will also be instructed to take possession of all Government wood, in the charge of the mayor of Tuscaloosa, and report the same by letter to these headquarters. Please direct him to report frequently concerning the discharge of his duties sand to revere promptly any question for decision of higher authority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., June 26, 1865.

Brigadier General THOMAS KILBY SMITH,

Commanding Post and District, Mobile:

GENERAL: I infer from the communication received from you yesterday in relation to sending all the troops of the Thirteenth Army Corps to Galveston, that the four regiments of my division now reporting to you, viz, Twentieth Iowa, Thirty-seventh Illinois, Nineteenth Iowa, and Sixty-ninth Indiana, are to embark as soon as transportation is furnished. I deem it proper, therefore, to inform you that transportation sufficient for the Sixty-ninth Indiana is now ready, also that my order from General Granger are to embark the troops of my division first. I am informed that transportation for all the troops will be in readiness in course of three or hour days.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 156. Barrancas, June 26, 1865.

I. Major John W. Day and Major Isaac C. Hendricks, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, with Companies F, I, L, M, of their regiment, having arrived and reported in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 159, extract 2, headquarters Department of the Gulf, to these headquarters for assignment to duty at Fort Pickens and Barrancas, Major Day, with Companies F and L, will take post at Barrancas and redoubt, relieving the battalion of the Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry now on duty there, under command of Colonel F. L. Hitchcock. Major hendricks, with Companies I and M, will take post at Fort Pickens, relieving Companies B and E, Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, now on duty there under command of Major Bondren, who will upon being relieved join their regiment at this place.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

GEORGE MONROE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

