
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 27, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

On conference with General Grant this morning, and referring to his draft of the general order creating departments and military divisions, I find that I was mistaken in the belief that the State of Mississippi formed part of you command. If was assigned to General Sheridan's division so as to give him command on both sides of the river. The order is printed and will be issued to-morrow. General Grant assigns General J. G. Foster to the Department of Florida instead of Brannan, and adds it to Canby's command. No other changes are made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, June 27, 1865.

JOHN R. BRANNER,

President East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, Knoxville:

Have received no communication from you regarding the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad before your letter, inclosing the President's telegram directing you to confer with me in regard to the manner of returning it to the company, dated June 22, just received. I can turn over the road whenever you as president of the company can make a settlement with the general superintendent of military railroads in this military division, W. J. Stevens, whose office is in Nashville. He has instructions from General McCallum, the general manager of military railroads in the United States, how to settle the accounts of all railroads which have been in possession of the army. General McCallum's office is in Washington. If you will make application to the Secretary of War to have the road repaired to Bristol, I will forward it approved and recommended.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 118. Washington, June 27, 1865.

The President directs that the United States be divided into military divisions, and subdivided into military departments, as follows:

DEPARTMENTS.

1. The Department of the East, Major General Joseph Hooker to command, to embrace the New England States, New York, and New Jersey; headquarters at New York City.

2. The Middle Department, Major General W. S. Hancock to command, to embrace the States of West Virginia, Maryland (except the counties of Anne Arundel, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and Saint Mary's), the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in Virginia, the States of Delaware and Pennsylvania; headquarters at Baltimore.

3. The Department of Washington, Major General C. C. Augur to command, to embrace the District of Columbia, the counties of Anne

