
over from Mobile, and the Milwaukee steamed in as far as we had buoyed the channel to shell her out, and did so effectually, causing her to depart in haste. But in dropping back with the current, stern foremost, struck a torpedo, which exploded under her bilge, causing her to sink. I immediately dispatched her captain to Pensacola for sub-marine armor and steam-pump to raise her, which I hope to be able to do. In the meantime I have three inside the bar, and shall pass the night torpedo-dragging and buoying and preparing for what may turn up to-morrow. I received through the signal officer a message at 4.30 p. m. to-day from General Granger saying that Spanish Fort was being evacuated, and desiring me to push up the iron-clads and drive off three gun-boats and transports which wee receiving the troops. Could not understand it, as the forts were then firing rapidly, and we could see all steamers approaching, none having come down since the shelling. Hope to hear of your good fortune soon. The officer now going to you from Pensacola will, I hope, give you favorable news from the advancing troops.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,At Wilson's, two Miles east of Spanish Fort, March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding directs that you establish a depot at Belle Rose Wharf and land supplies, &c., as soon as the Engineer Brigade has made the necessary preparations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 27, 1865.

Colonel C. t. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The special order directing General Grierson to proceed to memphis to expedite the movement of the cavalry has been revoked.* The general thinks it best to wait the result of Captain Walker's instructions, and also to hear from you in regard to the matter. I will send copy to-morrow. General Grierson wishes me to ask you if, in case we cannot get the cavalry ordered from Memphis, a portion of the cavalry from Arkansas can be made available. There are no horses, however.

GEO. L. WILBUR,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 86. New Orleans, La., March 27, 1865.

* * * *

2. Surg. S. B. Hunt, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed to the headquarters of the Army and Division of West Mississippi, in the field, and report to Surg. E. H. Abadie, surgeon-in-chief of the division.

* * * *

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 85, March 26, p. 95.

---------------

