
Arundel, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and Saint Mary's, in Maryland, and Fairfax County, in Virginia; headquarters at Washington.

4. The Department of the Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan; headquarters at Detroit.

5. The Department of the Tennessee, Major General George Stoneman to command, to embrace the State of Tennessee; headquarters at Knoxville.

6. the Department of Kentucky, Major General George Stoneman to command, to embrace the State of Kentucky; headquarters at Louisville.

7. The Department of the Missouri, Major General John Pope to command, to embrace the States of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas, and the Territories of Nebraska, Dakota, and Montana; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.

8. The Department of Virginia, Major General Alfred H. Terry to command, to embrace the State of Virginia, excepting Fairfax County and the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad; headquarters at Richmond.

9. The Department of North Carolina, Major General J. M. Schofield to command, to embrace the State of North Carolina, Major General J. M. Schofield to command, to embrace the State of North Carolina; headquarters at Raleigh.

10. The Department of South Carolina, Major General Q. A. Gillmore to command, to embrace the State of South Carolina; headquarters at Hilton Head.

11. The Department of Georgia, Major General James B. Steedman to command, to embrace the State of Georgia; headquarters at Augusta.

12. The Department of Florida, Major General John G. Foster to command, to embrace the State of Florida; headquarters at Tallahassee.

13. The Department of Mississippi, Major General H. W. Slocum to command, to embrace the State of Mississippi; headquarters at Vicksburg.

14. The Department of Alabama, Major General C. R. Woods to command, to embrace the State of Alabama; headquarters at Mobile.

15. The Department of Louisiana and Texas, Major General E. R. S. Canby to command, to embrace the States of Louisiana and Texas; headquarters at New Orleans.

16. The Department of Arkansas, Major General J. J. Reynolds to command, to embrace the State of Arkansas and the Indian Territory; headquarters at Little Rock.

17. The Department of the Columbia, Brigadier General G. Wright to command, to embrace the State of Oregon ant Territories of Washington and Idaho; headquarters at Fort Vancouver.

18. The Department of California, Major General Irvin McDowell to command, to embrace the States of California and Nevada, and Territories of Utah, New Mexico, and Colorado; headquarters at San Francisco.

DIVISIONS.

1. The Military Division of the Atlantic, Major General George G. Meade to command, to embrace the Department of the East, Middle Department, Department of Virginia, Department of North Carolina, and Department of South Carolina; headquarters at Philadelphia.

2. The Military Division of the Mississippi, Major General W. T. Sherman to command, to embrace the Department of the Ohio, Department of the Missouri, and Department of Arkansas; headquarters at Saint Louis.

3. Military Division of the Gulf, Major General P. H. Sheridan to command, to embrace the Department of Mississippi, Department of Louisiana and Texas, and Department of Florida; headquarters at New Orleans.

