SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,					 DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 105. Memphis, Tenn., June 27, 1865.

I. The post at Senatobia is broken up, and the troops will be withdrawn from there under the direction of Brevet Brigadier-General Phelps, and so distributed as to form a garrison of one commissioned officer and twenty-five men at Panola and to increase the command at Grenada to at least seventy-five men.

II. Colonel Otto funke, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of the post at Grenada, to which place he will immediately repair upon receipt of this order. He will immediately prepare and forward to these headquarters full and complete schedules of all public property of every description turned over to him by the Confederate authorities under the terms of surrender of the army of General Johnston, reporting in each case what disposition has been made of the same.

By order of Brigadier General B. S. Roberts:

E. J. MAYERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 9 Memphis, Tenn., June 27, 1865.

The major-general commanding is daily in receipt of petitions from the people, which the reports of the various post commanders confirm setting forth complaints arising from the new relations of the colored people with the owners of the soil, and praying for his authoritative action in the adjustment of the difficulties complained of. Not alone are the freedmen responsible for the state of things which exists. The planters themselves, too reluctant to practically accept the passing away of slavery, do in numerous instances awaken and confirm that disaffection among the negroes which renders them so unfaithful and unreliable as employes. First of all, the people must acknowledge and act upon the full and permanent emancipation of the colored race. Without the cordial acceptance of this inevitable fact the military authorities can afford but partial relief to existing evils. Any other course of conduct, o the manifestation of a different spirit in dealing with the freedmen, will surely inflict upon them the punishment of their own willful blindness and injustice. The negro must be made to understand that the freedom proclaimed to him involved the care of his own support and that of his family, which he has never before known. The demands for labor are sufficient to afford employment for all albe-bodied freedmen, and such will be compelled to work for the means of living. They are free to make their own contracts, and they will be fully protected in all their rights under them, but they will be compelled to the honest and faithful performance of such contracts when made. Negroes from the country will not be permitted to visit the military posts without a pass from their employer, and those unemployed must remain where the means of employment exist, namely, among the fields. Post commanders are authorized and instructed to enforce as far as practicable the principles and requirements herein contained, and they will, until the establishment and location of officers connected with the Freedmen's Bureau have removed the necessity of such interposition, compel the freedmen to the performance of all fair and equitable contracts with their employers, whenever it is apparent that there has been no

