HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, June 28, 1865. (Received 1.55 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of the 26th instant, giving instructions to aid the Treasury officers in collecting and bringing to marked all Confederate property surrendered by the army, &amp;c., has just been received. The necessary instructions will be given immediately.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 5. Nashville, Tenn., June 28, 1865.

I. The following regiments stationed at Tullahoma, Tenn., are hereby relieved from duty at that post and will proceed to Memphis, Tenn. The commanding officer will report on arrival to Bvt. Major General John E. Smith, commanding West Tennessee, for orders: One hundred and fifty-second Illinois Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-third Illinois Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. The following batteries of volunteer light artillery are hereby relieved from further duty in the department where they are serving, and will report without delay to the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the State to which the organizations belong, at the place of rendezvous hereinafter designated, to the mustered out of service, in accordance with provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105, current series, War Department. The guns, horses, and equipments of the commands will be turned over to the proper officer of the respective departments at Memphis, Tenn. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation under provisions of General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, War Department: Battery M, First Missouri Artillery, Saint Louis, Mo.; Battery G, Second Missouri Artillery, Saint Louis, Mo.; Battery G, First Illinois Artillery, Springfield, Ill.; Battery K, Second Illinois Artillery, Chicago, Ill.; Seventh Wisconsin Light Artillery, Milwaukee, Wis.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XXVIII. Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby detailed to report to Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, assistant commissioner of Kentucky and Tennessee, for assignment to duty with Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,

Nashville, June 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Your action in arresting the officers of the Bank of Georgia is confirmed. Do not take the bank buildings or books out of their hands.

