
Simply hold them under such an arrest as will prevent escape, and enquire them to shoulder all pecuniary responsibility.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 6TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 140. Pulaski, Tenn., June 28, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. The Eleventh Michigan Cavalry is hereby assigned for temporary duty to the First Brigade of this division. All correspondence and orders to and from this regiment will accordingly be transmitted through Colonel Elisha Mix, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, commanidng First Brigade. The stated reports of the regiment will, however, be transmitted direct to these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brevet Major-General Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 24. Louisville, Ky., June 28, 1865.

In accordance with telegraphic instructions from the Adjutant-General of the Army, of date June 22, 1865, ordering the reduction of the effective strength of the Army of the Tennessee 15,000 men, the following-named regiments will be at once mustered out of the service of the United States in the manner hereinafter indicated. The necessary rolls and papers will be prepared under the supervision of corps, division, and brigade commanders, and the muster out will be performed by the assistant commissary of musters of divisions,who will be guided by the instructions in General Orders, Numbers 84, current series, Adjutant-General's Office. As soon as the troops herein designated shall have been mustered out of the service, they shall be placed en route for their respective State rendezvous, there to be paid off by paymasters especially designated for that purpose, and finally discharged from the U. S. service. While the troops are en route for their States and after their arrival therein, prior to their final payment and discharge, they will be under the control of their respective officers, still being liable to trial and punishment for any breach of military discipline. The following-named rendezvous are indicated as those to which the troops will be sent. The selection, where more than one in the same State is given, must be made in favor of that nearest the place of enrollment of each command: Ohio - Cincinnati (Camp Dennison), Cleveland (Camp Cleveland), Columbus (Camp Chase and Todd Barracks). Indiana - Indianapolis. Illinois - Springfield and Chicago. Michigan - Detroit and Jackson. Wisconsin - Madison and Milwaukee. Minnesota - Fort Snelling. Missouri - Saint Louis (Benton Barracks). The following extract from Circular Numbers 19, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, is published for the information of assistant commissaries of musters:

II. When the muster out of a regiment has been completed, and it is ready to start for the State (see paragraph 5, General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office), the assistant commissary of musters for the division to which it belonged will immediately report (by telegraph when practicable) to the

