
every assistance in your power to the authorized officers of the Treasury Department, to enable them to secure the property heretofore claimed by the so-called Confederate Government, and to brig into market such of the aforesaid property as is now in the possession of the United States Government, or was included in the surrender of the rebel army. In carrying out the provisions of the above, care will be taken that the private property of individuals be not endangered by the assistance thus rendered.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General LUCAS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that the following instructions may be given the officer who is to go in command of the expedition into the Yazoo country with detachment of your command: It is simply desired to clear the country of marauders and thieving bands who are reported to infest that region. The battalion ordered to be in readiness to move in that direction is to be sent at once in boats to Yazoo City, or some point in that vicinity, where it will be disembarked on the west bank of the river. From thence the detachment will embark by best route to Deer Creek Post-Office, near the mouth of ogling Fork (into Deer Creek). The detachment will return to Vicksburg, marching between Deer Creek and Sunflower Rivers. On the way to Yazoo City the commanding officer will collect from military men and reliable citizens all information he can regarding the usual abodes of the gangs of marauders above referred to. On the inland march he will break up such of these gangs as he finds, making such arrests as he may be able and deems necessary, and securing the citizens in their peaceful occupations. Patrolling parties will be sent to the right nd left into such settlements as may be conveniently reached, with the view of obtaining information and of quelling disturbances. The commanding officer will suffer nothing to be taken from the people except such articles as may be absolutely necessary, for which, in all cases, vouchers in proper form will be given.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., June 28, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. E. PHELS,

Commanding at La Grange, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The general commanding the Cavalry Division directs me to say that instead of re-establishing a post at Jackson, Miss., you will as often as once a week patrol the country from La Grange to that place with a sufficient force to keep order, and to aid the municipal authorities to keep a good police and to protect all citizens from any acts of lawlessness and violence by evil-minded and disaffected persons

