
who may annoy them. You will use your best judgment in selecting officers and good men for such patrols, and charge them not to trespass in any manner upon the inhabitants or forage upon them. They must protect the citizens of the country, and plundering of any kind will be severely punished. You will see that they take sufficient rations and forage for the expedition without any recourse to supplies in the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. K. ROBERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, No. 106. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., June 28, 1865.

I. In compliance with Special Orders, No. 154, extract 2, headquarters District of West Tennessee, dated at Memphis, Tenn., June 14, 1865, the commanding officer of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry will embark his regiment on board the steamers now at levee in this city and proceed with it to Alexandria, La., reporting upon his arrival to Major-General Merritt, or the commanding officer at that place. The senior officer on board of each steamer will assume command of it, and will be held responsible for the good behavior of his men. He will also see that none of his command are permitted to straggle through this city, or at any intermediate place between here and Alexandria, La. Lieutenant Colonel A. G. McQueen, acting assistant inspector-general, Cavalry Division, District of West Tennessee, is charged with the embarking of these regiments.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Brigadier General B. S. Roberts:

B. K. ROBERTS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 29, 1865.-For General Orders, No. 119, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to penalties for neglect of duty, &amp;c., on part of officers in charge of troops to be mustered out, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p.1306.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 29, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Please direct the officer commanding at Andersonville, Ga., or the nearest post to that place, to have the graves of the Union soldiers buried there inclosed so as to protect them, and, if need be, establish a post there. Orders will be issued immediately to an officer here to go to Andersonville with the register of burials, and a person who thinks he can identify many of the graves, for the purpose of establishing a cemetery, putting up memorials, and securing the remains from desecration. Captain Moore, of the Quartermaster's Department at Washington, will be the officer detailed for that purpose. You will please issue all needful orders on his requisition.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

