
20, 1865, as places the Department of Florida, embracing the State of Florida and the District of Key West, in the Military Division of the Tennessee, and all of General Orders, No. 2, headquarters Military Division of the Tennessee, June 23, 1865, adding the Department of Mississippi, embracing the State of Mississippi, to the Military Division of the Tennessee, are hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 7. Nashville, Tenn., June 30, 1865.

I. The following battery of light artillery is hereby released from further duty at Eastport, Miss., and will report without delay to the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the State to which the organization belongs, at the place of rendezvous hereinafter designated, to be mustered out of service in accordance with provisions of General Orders, No. 105, current series, War Department. The guns, horses, and equipments of the command will be turned over to the proper officer of the respective departments at Nashville, Tenn. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation under provisions of General Orders, No. 94, current series, War Department: Battery I, First Illinois Light Artillery, Chicago, Ill.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. The following batteries of light artillery are hereby relieved from further duty and will report without delay to the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the State to which the organizations belong at the place of rendezvous hereinafter designated, to be mustered out of service in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, No. 105, current series, War Department. The guns, horses, and equipments of the commands will be turned over to the proper officers of the respective departments at this depot. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation under provisions of General Orders, No. 94, current series, War Department: Tenth Indiana Battery, now at Huntsville, Ala., Indianapolis, Ind.; Battery F, First Ohio Light Artillery, now at Decatur, Ala., Camp Dennison, Ohio; Battery E, First Michigan Light ARtillery, now at Decatur, Ala., Jackson, Mich.; Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery Light Artillery, now at Decatur, Ala., Indianapolis, Ind.; Battery K, First Ohio Light Artillery, now at Stevenson, Ala., Camp Dennison, Ohio.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., June 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN F. MILLER:

The bearer of this, J. Griffin, under instructions from General Wilson, is engaged in fencing, repairing, &amp;c., the grave-yard at Andersonville, Ga. He is anxious that the people of the North should take the matter in hand and assist him. He is desirous of going North for

