
Rock, Ark. On the 30th the division was mustered for pay near Memphis, Tenn.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. DE LANY,

Captain, Thirtieth Ohio, and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, June 30, 1865.

[Major EDMUD C. WEEKS,

Second Florida Cavalry:]

MAJOR: On receipt of this order you will immediately embark on board the steamer General McCallum with the Second Florida Cavalry and the one company Second U. S. Colored Infantry now at Cedar Keys, and proceed to Saint Mark's. As it will be impossible to get the steamer farther than Spanish Hole you will land at the light-house and march from there by the shortest route to Tallahassee. You will only bring such baggage as is indispensable and, if possible, supplies for ten days. An order has already been issued for the steamer Ella Morse and schooners Matchless and Harriet to proceed to Cedar Keys and move the troops to this place. You will therefore leave all surplus baggage and supplies at Cedar Keys under proper guard, to be brought here by the schooners. Major Pollock will embark with his regiment on the Ella Morse and the schooners when they arrive, leaving one company at Cedar Keys to guard post. You will bring some boats to assist in landing troops at the light-house, after which they will be sent to Saint Mark's under guard.

By order of Brigadier-General Newton:

J. S. RANSOM,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., June 30, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Galveston, Tex.:

MAJOR: I have not until this moment received your communication of the 23rd instant, relative to the muster out of troops whose term expires before the 1st of September and their detention here. Fortunately, Colonel Bertram came here on his return from Galveston. He informed me that such a communication as I have just received had been sent by you, and by his statements I was induced to detain the regiments whose terms expire before the 1st of September. He came here about four days ago. At that time vessels were in readiness for the Nineteenth Iowa, Twentieth Iowa, and Sixty-ninth Indiana, and the regiments were about to embark. We, however, pushed forward the preparation for muster out, and those organizations, as well as the Twenty-third Wisconsin (of First Division), will probably be mustered out in the course of four days. There are some 200 men of my division to be transferred. These I have ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Callicott, Twenty-ninth Illinois, to proceed immediately to Galveston. The muster and descriptive rolls will be ready in the Nineteenth Iowa to-night. They are now ready in the other regiments. I think the Fourth and Seventh Massachusetts Batteries will be able to

