
get off to-day. I will follow as soon as I can get transportation. Owing to the lines being down, General Sheridan's dispatch about the muster out did not reach me till this forenoon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major-General.

ADDENDA.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 1, 1865.

(Received 1.40 p.m. 3rd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

General C. R. Woods has just reported to me in person. He desires to take with him to Alabama his old division entire. If he cannot take his division he desires to take his staff. I have just learned from General Canby that there will be left in Alabama and Mississippi, after the muster out of those ordered, 7,000. No changes in them till he learns from me what troops I have replace them. I shall send Hatch with his cavalry to Alabama, about 3,000. I have also 6,000 infantry, including regulars, to divide between Steedman and Woods, as soon as I can learn what Steedman has at Augusta and Savannah. If the Fourteenth Corps is to report to me for duty I should prefer leaving it in Kentucky for the present, as the political condition of that States is more critical to-day than either Tennessee, Alabama, or Georgia. With judicious management, I believe there will be but little trouble in restoring perfect order in the three latter-named States.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

MACON, July 1, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The order discountinuing the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, is received, but not the order alluded to therein disposing of me. What shall I do?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, July 1, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Hunstville, Ala.:

The following received from Colonel G. M. L. Johnson, Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, from Columbus, Miss., July 1:

Organized parties of marauders are operating in Winston, Walker, and other counties of North Alabama, burning houses, murdering Union men, &amp;c. General Osterhaus will not authorize my sending troops across the State line.

The following instructions have been sent:

Colonel JOHNSON,

Columbus, Miss.:

Send cavalry to hunt down and destroy the marauding bands operating in Northern Alabama. General Hatch will be in Alabama with a division of cavalry in about two weeks, but you had better not wait for him.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

GEO. W. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

67 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

