HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCE, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS.,New Orleans, La., March 27, 1865.

Lieut Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have yesterday received information by private letter from Memphis that the cavalry will be held there if possible. Captain Walker, special inspector, left last Friday with instructions to urge forward the cavalry from that point, but in my opinion an order from Washington will be necessary to enforce compliance with your orders. Brigadier General J. R. West has arrived from Arkansas with the Third Michigan and Tenth Illinois. General Knipe's division is being sent forward as rapidly as transportation can be obtained. No horses have yet arrived.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 40. Memphis, Tenn., March 27, 1865.

For the purpose of encouraging the restoration of civil government within this district, and the people to return to their allegiance to the Government of the United States, and to engage in their former avocations of life, it is declared that nor aids shall be sent into the country to interfere in any way with the people who are peaceably inclined, except to repel organized forces of the enemy, should any again come within the district. The people of each county are invited to organize civil government in their respective counties, and to establish courts for the dispensing of justice among citizens and the punishment of crimes, and in aid of the civil government so organized it is recommended that a civil posse be organized by the citizens of said counties. On application made and security given by five responsible citizens of any county that no improper use will be made of such privilege, arms and ammunition to a reasonable amount will be permitted to be purchased for the arming of said posses. No horses, mules, or other property will be pressed from any citizens without express authority from these headquarters, and in all cases where it shall become necessary to take private property for public use proper vouchers will be given for the same. All unauthorized foraging is strictly forbidden, and all officers will be held strictly responsible for any infection of this order, and any violation of it will receive the most prompt and severe punishment that military law can inflict. Persons who are engaged in cultivating their plantations and are wanting labor can obtain it by applying to the superintendent of freedmen at Memphis, upon presenting proper vouchers in regard to their character for humanity, and entering into a satisfactory contract with the superintendent to pay and kindly treat labores so obtained. Refugees whose residence was formerly within this district are encouraged to return to their homes, and any unkind or unjust treatment which they may receive from their neighbors will be promptly atoned for.

By order of Major General c. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

