HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Macon, Ga., July 3, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding Department of Georgia, Augusta:

In the organization of the department to which you have been assigned, permit me to suggest that the most important interest of the Government will depend to a great degree upon the efficiency with which the quartermaster's department is administered. In this connection I desire to commend to your special consideration the merits of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Carling, the chief quartermaster of my corps from the date of its organization. He is the senior regular quartermaster in the department, and a young man of decided ability, combined with a rectitude and honesty of character altogether rare. I am sure you cannot find a more competent, trustworthy, and zealous officer. I write this letter entirely without his knowledge, as he is absent on a quartermaster's board examination; but I shall regard it a personal favor if you will detail him to your staff and obtain for him the rank he has honestly won, but which all my efforts have failed to secure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 26. Louisville, Ky., July 3, 1865.

In compliance with telegraphic communications from the Adjutant-General of the Army, of date July 1, 1865, all the remaining troops of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Seventeenth Army Corps and the Provisional Division of the Army of the Tennessee, not included in the muster out ordered in General Orders, No. 24, from these headquarters, will at once be mustered out of the service of the United States and placed en route for their respective State rendezvous, there to paid off and finally discharged. The muster out will be made in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, No. 94, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, and of General Orders, No. 24, current series, from these headquarters. No more leaves of absence will be granted. All officers and men now absent, whose leave will expire before the muster out of their command has been completed, will report to their regiment at Louisville, Ky., otherwise to the rendezvous in their respective States to which their commands may be sent. As soon as the muster out of an organization has been made, the brigade commander in whose command it may be serving will report directly to these headquarters the fact, with the number of officers and men in the regiment or detachment, the rendezvous to which they are sent, and the time that they will leave this point for their States.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 4, 1865.

(Received 7.50 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Wilson telegraphs from Macon that he took measures six weeks ago to properly protect the cemetery at Andersonville, Ga.

