SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 13. Nashville, Tenn., July 6, 1865.

I. The following volunteer batteries of light artillery now at Johnsonville, Tenn., are hereby relieved from further duty in this military division, and will proceed without delay to Saint Louis, Mo. The commanding officers will report on arrival to Major General G. M. Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, for further orders. The guns, horses, and equipments of the batteries will be turned over to the depot officers of the respective departments at this place: Battery A, Second Missouri Light Infantry; Battery F, Second Missouri Light Artillery; Battery I, Second Missouri Light Artillery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. The following batteries of light artillery are hereby relieved from further duty where they are now serving and will report without delay to the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the State to which the organization belongs, at the place of rendezvous hereinafter designated, to be mustered out of service in accordance with provisions of General Orders, No. 105, current series, War Department. The guns, horses, and equipments of the commands will be turned over to proper officers of the respective departments at this place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation under provisions of General Orders, No. 94, current series, War Department: Battery B, First Ohio Light Artillery (Bridgeport, Ala.), Cleveland, Ohio; Ninth Ohio Battery (Bridgeport, Ala.), Cleveland, Ohio; Thirteenth New York Battery (Tullahoma, Tenn.), New York City.

III. The following batteries of volunteer light artillery are hereby relieved from further duty where they are now serving and will report without delay to the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the State to which the organization belongs, at the place of rendezvous hereinafter designated, to be mustered out of service in accordance with provisions of General Orders, No. 105, current series, War Department. The guns, horses, and equipments of the commands will be turned over to the proper officers of the respective departments at Chattanooga, Tenn. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation under provisions of General Orders, No. 94, current series, War Department: Battery I, First Ohio Light Artillery (Dalton, Ga.), Camp Dennison, Ohio; Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery (Cleveland, Tenn.), Chicago, Ill.; Battery G, First Missouri Light Artillery (Lookout Mountain), Saint Louis, Mo.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, July 6, 1865.

General WILSON:

Stoneman has taken Alexander of his staff as chief of staff. I fully appreciate General Winslow's services in repairing the railroad. It is best, however, that as long as it is used as a military road that it should be under the control of the railroad management.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

