
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 24. Montgomery, Ala., July 6, 1865.

Medals of honor have been awarded to the hereinafter-named commissioned officers and enlisted men of this command by the honorable Secretary of War, as an acknowledgment of the gallantry displayed in the capture of rebel flags during the recent operations against the city of Mobile, Ala.: Captain Samuel McConnell, Company H, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; First Sergt. George F. Rebman, Company B, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; Private John Whitmore, Company F, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; First Sergt. Edgar A. Bras, Company K, Eighth Iowa Infantry Volunteers; Private John H. Callahan, Company B, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers. The major-general commanding, appreciating the services rendered, orders that the Eighth Iowa Infantry Veteran Volunteers be paraded on Saturday, July 8, 1865, at 5 p.m.; the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers be paraded on Wednesday, July 12, 1865, at 4 p.m.; the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers be paraded on Wednesday, July 12, at 5 p.m., and that the medals be presented to the proper persons, in the name of the honorable Secretary of War. Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Lyon, assistant inspector-general, Sixteenth Army Corps, is charged with the presentation and the execution of this order.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1865-12.15 p.m.

Major-General LOGAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

Under the last order you may muster out of service all that remains of the Army of the Tennessee remaining under your command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, No. 77. Memphis, Tenn., July 6, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced as the staff of the general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Bvt. Brigadier General W. H. Morgan, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain S. M. Budlong, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain John E. Simpson, aide-de-camp; Captain A. R. Eddy, chief quartermaster; Captain J. W. Mott, chief commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant J. W. Wright, acting assistant quartermaster; Bvt. Brigadier General E. Bouton, provost-marshal; Major R. G. Rombauer, chief of artillery; Captain J. J. Sears, acting ordnance officer; Surg. R. F. Stratton, surgeon-in-chief; Major J. H. Carpenter, acting judge-advocate; Captain Marion Campbell, assistant commissary of musters; Major U. G. S. De Boul, chief engineer; Surg. John N. Niglas, staff surgeon.

By order of Bvt. Major General John E. Smith:

W. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

