
Eleventh New York Cavalry, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry. First Infantry Brigade, Colonel George W. McKeaig-One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry, One hundred and fifty-third Illinois Infantry, One hundred and fifty-second Illinois Infantry, One hundred and fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry. Second Infantry Brigade, Colonel I. G. Kappner-Third U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry; Company F, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery; Company I, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery.

The First and Second Brigades of Infantry will report to Bvt. Major General A. L. Chetlain, commanding Post and Defenses of Memphis.

By order of Bvt. Major General John E. Smith:

W. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 11. Louisville, Ky., July 14, 1865.

It has been brought to the notice of the general commanding that many wanton depredations are being committed by the soldiers of this command upon both white and colored citizens in the vicinity of the camps. Commanding officers are required to keep their men in camp until the muster-out rolls are completed and the organization ready to start for the different State rendezvous. This promiscuous and general permission to visit the city, or to leave camp at all, except for the most urgent reasons, must cease.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, July 15, 1865.

Brevet Major-General JOHNSON,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The One hundred and eighty-eighth Ohio, Colonel Taylor, has been ordered to Nashville. The general wishes it here at once. If you want more troops a regiment can be ordered up from Georgia or from the vicinity of Stevenson. From representations made to the general, he desires you to look after the people of Lincoln County, of this State.

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, No. 81. Memphis, Tenn., July 15, 1865.

Orders heretofore issued from these headquarters imposing a momentary restriction upon persons permitted to trade in whatever kind of traffic within this district are hereby revoked. The provost-marshal will forthwith proceed to adjust the accounts of this military district with the city of Memphis, and obtain whatever moneys are due from the city.

By order of Bvt. Major General John E. Smith:

W. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

