
STATE OF TENNESSEE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, Tenn., July 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to furnish for your information the following copy of telegram:

WASHINGTON, July 16, 1865-3.50 p.m.

Governor W. G. BROWNLOW:

I hope, as I have no doubt, you will see that the laws passed by the last Legislature are faithfully executed, and that all illegal voters in the approaching election be kept from the polls, and that the election of Members of Congress be conducted fairly. Whenever it becomes necessary for the execution of the law and the protection of the ballot-box, you will call upon General Thomas for sufficient military force to sustain the civil authority of the State. I have just read your address, which I most heartily indorse.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, yours,

A. J. FLETCHER,

Secretary of State.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Louisville, Ky., July 17, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

DEAR SIR: Bvt. Major General A. S. Williams, who has been in the service for four years, is about being ordered home to report by letter to the War Department. I desire especially to call your attention to him. He has commanded with much ability, alternately his division and the corps, with which he served for a greater portion of the time since appointed a brigadier-general. I became well acquainted with him during the several campaigns that the combined armies made under General Sherman, and freely bear testimony to his untiring energy and ability as an officer and soldier. I would be glad to see him retained in the service. He would fill any position assigned him, I am sure, to the satisfaction of his superiors. I hope that you will favorably consider the matter and reward a veteran soldier.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, July 17, 1865.

Second Lieutenant H. F. FERRIS,

Commanding Company G, 99th U. S. Colored Infty., near Bellair:

(Through Captain Tyler.)

SIR: You will leave camp to-morrow morning with your company and march to Warrington, on the direct road to Thomasville. You will take with you thirty days' rations for you command. You will apply for and obtain from the acting assistant quartermaster at Tallahassee the necessary transportation for moving your stores and baggage. On your arrival you will select the most suitable place where it is supposed you will be within easy access to large and rich plantations in that part of Leon County lying around Warrington and Centerville, and there camp. You will not make use of private buildings other than

