
those which you may be able to obtain with the consent of the owners for the purpose of sheltering your stores and property. In all questions of labor you are to control their settlement. It must be your object to enforce discipline and preserve order. Be careful that your men commit no trespasses. Report your arrival and precise location without delay and afterward send in frequent reports of the state of affairs at your post.

By command of Brigadier-General Newton:

A. C. PRETZ,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SWEET WATER, July 18, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GILLEM,

Commanding District of East Tennessee:

The troops will arrive here about 2 p.m., and will camp a mile east of this place. The grazing is good. The command has been almost destitute of corn for the last three days. The horses will improve rapidly here if they have full rations of corn.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, July 18, 1865.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Louisville, Ky.:

Order the muster out of all cavalry in your detachment that can be spared, and the sale of their horses where they now are. Where it is necessary to retain cavalry to do garrison duty, dismount them and sell their horses. A very limited number of mounted men is all that is now needed in your department. Report to these headquarters the number of men mustered out and horses sold under this order. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

(Same to Major General C. R. Woods, Mobile, Ala., Major General George Stoneman, Knoxville, Tenn.; Major General J. B. Steedman, Augusta, Ga.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 23. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Louisville, Ky., July 18, 1865.

Brigade organizations having been rendered unnecessary by the muster out of troops, the different brigades of the corps are hereby disbanded, and regimental commanders will report directly to the commanding general of the divisions to which they are attached. All brigade quartermasters, commissaries, and other staff officers attached to brigades will at once turn over all Government property and funds which may be in their possession to the proper staff officers of the division. As soon as they can be properly completed the records of brigades will be forwarded by express to the Adjutant-General's Office,

