
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 20, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Governor Brownlow has been authorized to publish my dispatch as requested by you. I hope that you will have it understood that whatever amount of military force is necessary to sustain the civil authority and enforce the law will be furnished. This being made known to the public will exert a powerful influence throughout the State, and will perhaps prevent the necessity of any military interference. I am hard pressed here; every moment of my time is occupied. Accept assurances of my esteem.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 20, 1865.

Honorable W. G. BROWNLOW,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I hope and have no doubt you will see that the recent amendments to the constitution of the State as adopted by the people, and all laws passed by the last Legislature in pursuance thereof, are faithfully and fairly executed, and that all illegal voters in the approaching election be excluded from the polls, and that the election for Members of Congress be legally and fairly conducted. When and wherever it becomes necessary to employ force for the execution of the law and the protection of the ballot-box from violence and fraud you are authorized to call upon Major-General Thomas for sufficient military force to sustain the civil authority of the State. I have read your recent address to the people of the State and think it well timed and hope it will do much good in reconciling the opposition to the amendment of the constitution and the laws passed by the last Legislature. The law must be executed and the civil authority sustained. In your efforts to do this, if necessary General Thomas will afford sufficient military force. You are at liberty to make what use you think proper of this dispatch. Please furnish General Thomas with a copy.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

NASHVILLE, July 20, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

The order for the muster out of cavalry does not apply to colored regiments. Any disposition of cavalry regiments you make in your command will meet the views of the major-general commanding.

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, No. 54. Chattanooga, Tenn., July 20, 1865.

I. In compliance with General Orders, No. 4, headquarters Department of Tennessee, July 12, 1865, the following changes are announced in the organization of the troops in this command: The Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry,

