
reporting thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders: Brigadier General E. W. Rice, U. S. Volunteers, Oskaloosa, Iowa; Captain C. H. Trott, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, Boston, Mass.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VII. The regiments comprising the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, having been mustered out of service, the following named officers are hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Tennessee, and will proceed to their respective places of residence, reporting thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders: Bvt. Major General A. Baird, U. S. Volunteers, Washington, D. C.; Theodore Artaud, surgeon-in-chief, Baltimore, Md.; Captain Dexter Horton, commissary of subsistence, Fentonville, Mich.; Captain John W. Acheson, assistant adjutant-general, Washington, Pa.; Captain Jonathan R. Webber, commissary of subsistence, Morris, Ill.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., July 21, 1865.

(Received 2.20 p.m. 22nd.)

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

No opportunity is offered the people of my of the counties of the State to take the amnesty oath. The backwoods counties, whose people are most loyal and would send delegates on your line of policy, are neglected. Please order a person with competent authority into each county in the State to administer it. If this is done soon there will be no difficulty in the convention. Hope you have received my letters be express. No mail to Milledgeville. Answer to Atlanta. On my way to Cherokee for a few days. Where is Senator Patterson?

JOSEPH E. BROWN.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., July 21.1865.

Bvt. Major General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding District of Middle Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you select an officer in whom you have full confidence, with 150 picked cavalrymen under the proper commissioned officers, to proceed to Clifton, Tenn., from Pulaski, to report to J. W. Doherty, attorney general State of Tennessee, for that section of country, for the purpose of tracking down and arresting the murderers of Mr. Choate, mentioned in the accompanying papers, and no arrest the ringleaders of the guerrilla bands in Hickman, Wayne, and Hardin Counties, breaking them up thoroughly. The officer in charge will receive his instructions from you and to be under the guidance of Mr. Doherty and Colonel Gibbs through the country. It is the desire of the general that the work be done in such a manner as to obviate the necessity of repeating it, breaking up as far as possible these lawless bands and arresting them, sending to these headquarters for further orders. As it is important that these men leave as soon as possible, the general has sent his orders to you direct,

