
to October 1, 1865, and veteran organization that could be spared. The remainder of my troops are required, at least until after the coming State election. They are nearly all one-year regiments and if one is ordered to be mustered out they will all claim to be, which would leave me without troops in my command.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Louisville, Ky., July 25, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Asst. Adjt. General, War Department, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: The Army of the Tennessee will be entirely mustered out by the 1st of August. By the 4th or 5th I will have the records of army headquarters ready for transmittal to the War Department. What orders shall I give my staff?

Respectfully,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Louisville, July 25, 1865.

Captain R. B. STINSON,

Assistant Inspector:

CAPTAIN: In a few more days the last regiment of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, will have been mustered out of service and be wending their way homeward. The official relations that have so long existed between us will then terminate. I desire, before separating, to express to you my entire approbation of the manner in which you have at all times discharged your various duties as a member of my staff. I know of no officer who has been more pleasant, prompt, and efficient than yourself. Be assured that I feel myself under many obligations for your readiness and kindness. I regret that service so well and constantly performed has not been met by a relative reward, promotion. You have earned and deserve it. In whatever sphere of duty the future may place you, you have my best wishes for success and prosperity.

I am, truly,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 26, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

The Eighth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Kentucky, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Sixteenth Illinois, and Eleventh New York Cavalry will be mustered out. I do not think it safe to muster out more until after the election on 3rd of August.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

