
NASHVILLE, TENN., July 26, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

Instead of mustering out the Second Missouri Cavalry (Merrill's Horse) send it to West Tennessee to report to General Smith.

By command:

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, No. 51. Louisville, Ky., July 26, 1865.

The near approach of an important election, to be held in all the counties of the State and Military Department of Kentucky, renders it proper, in the judgment of the general commanding, to require all officers commanding troops to give to the officers of the State charged by law with the duty of conducting elections and to the legal voters of the State the most complete protection. Martial law prevails in the Department of Kentucky, and certain classes of persons are especially under military surveillance and control. These are:

First. All rebel soldiers, whether paroled or not, and without regard to the fact that they have or have not taken any of the oaths prescribed by law or executive or military orders, or have registered under orders from the headquarters of the Department of Kentucky.

Second. All guerrillas and others who, without belonging to regular rebel military organizations, have taken up arms against the Government, or have in any way operated against the Government or people of Kentucky, or any other State or Territory.

Third. All persons who by act or word, directly or indirectly, gave aid, comfort, or encouragement to persons in rebellion. This applies to all persons who have voluntarily acted as scouts or spies for rebel or guerrilla forces, who have voluntarily furnished any rebel force or person with information, food, clothing, horses, arms, or money, or have harbored, concealed, or otherwise aided or encouraged them.

Fourth. All deserters from the military or naval service of the United States who did not return to said service or report themselves to some provost-marshal within the sixty days limited in the proclamation of the President of the United States, dated the 11th day of March, 1865, and all persons who deserted from the military or naval service of the United States after the 3rd day of March, 1865, and all persons duly enrolled who departed the jurisdiction of the district in which they were enrolled, or went beyond the limits of the United States to avoid any draft.

Fifth. All persons who were or have been, directly or indirectly, engaged in the civil service of the late so-called Confederate Government or of the so-called provisional government of Kentucky, or who have in any way voluntarily submitted to either of said pretended Governments-all agents of or contractors with or for either of said pretended Governments-all such persons are disqualified from voting by the laws of the State of Kentucky and the act of Congress of March 3, 1865.

All persons of the classes aforesaid are required to abstain from all interference with elections, and will, if they shall in any manner interfere therein by voting, or attempting to vote, or by persuading any other person to vote, or by appearing at the polls, be at once arrested and held for military trial.

Aid will be given to the civil authorities to enforce the laws and to preserve the peace. Any person who shall counsel, advise, or encourage

