
any judge of any election or any other person to disregard or disobey the law, as declared in the proclamation of the Governor of the State, will be at once arrested.

The peace of the country can be secured only by obedience to the laws.

By command of Major General John M. Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 110. Louisville, Ky., July 26, 1865.

I. The regiments comprising the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, having been mustered out of service, the following-named general and staff officers are hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Tennessee, and will proceed to their respective places of residence, reporting thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders: Brigadier General R. F. Catterson, Indianapolis, Ind.; Captain H. N. Wheeler, Peoria, Ill.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 27, 1865.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

Governor Brownlow having applied to me for a sufficient military force to insure that the approaching elections be conducted legally in certain counties throughout this State, I wish you to send a sufficient force to the election precincts of each of the following counties to be present at the holding of the election for the purpose of enabling legal voters to hand in their votes, and also to insure them protection whenever they choose to challenge the legality of votes of other parties when offered; also to see that the judges of elections conduct them fairly and preserve propriety during the election, viz: Benton, Henry, Weakley, Gibson, Lauderdale, Henderson, and Carroll, West Tenn.; Humphreys, Dickson, Stewart, Montgomery, Shelby, Fayetee, Williamson, Davidson, Wilson, Sumner, Robertson, Cheatham, Bedford, Lincoln, Marshall, Giles, Maury, Hickman, and Lewis, Middle Tenn. A copy of this has been sent to General Smith to expedite matters. You will please see that the order is executed in the other counties named.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, July 27, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

U. S. Army:

Troops will be dismounted as ordered by your telegram of July 19, and report made as directed. Permission has been given me by the Adjutant-General of the Army to retain the troops in my department until after the election.

JNO. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

