
[JULY -, 1865.]

SOLDIERS OF THE SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS:

You are about to be called upon to assist in erecting a monument to the memory of our noble, loved, and lamented McPherson. We are about to separate, perhaps forever, and now on the eye of our departure for our far distant homes, scattered over the entire Northwest, is a fitting time to testify to our love and administration for our former noble commanders. Company, regimental, brigade, and division commanders will afford every assistance in their power in collecting and forwarding the contributions. Proper blanks will be furnished as soon as possible, but until such time as this can be done commanding officers are requested to take such steps as will promptly carry out the views of the army. Company commanders will received subscriptions and forward the rolls and money thus collected to the regimental commanders, who will consolidate the returns, adding the contributions of field and staff, and hand over to brigade commanders, who will add the contributions of their headquarters, and transfer the same to division commanders, who will in like manner transfer the amount thus collected to the commanding officer of the corps, who will transfer it to the committee indicated by the army commander. The rolls will be gotten up as neatly as possible and be deposited in the cornerstone of the monument, a soldier's offering to a soldier's memory.

F. P. BLAIR,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,No. 116. Louisville, Ky., August 1, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. In accordance with telegraphic instructions from the Adjutant-General of the Army, the troops comprising the Army of the Tennessee having been mustered out, the following-named officers of the staff are hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters and will proceed to their respective places of residence, reporting thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders: Bvt. Brigadier General C. B. Reese, captain, U. S. Army, Canastota, N. Y.; Bvt. Colonel Max. Woodhull, lieutenant-colonel and assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, Washington, D. C.; Colonel J. T. Conklin, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, Fond du Lac, Wis.; Bvt. Major D. L. Huntington, assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, Philadelphia, Pa.; Bvt. Major E. P. Pearson, captain, U. S. Army, Reading, Pa.; Bvt. Major F. F. Whitehead, captain and assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, Saint Louis, Mo.; Captain H. D. Beam, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, Dubuque, Iowa; Captain Robert E. Beecher, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, North Brookfield, Mass.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

By telegram of June 27 I informed you that General Grant's assignment placed the Department of Mississippi, General Slocum commanding, in the division of Major-General Sheridan, but that by my mistake

