
the order that had been issued placed it in your division. The correction has been made, and General Slocum's command, embracing the Department of Mississippi, forms a part of General Sheridan's division. Please inform me whether you received my former telegram upon this subject. My attention is called to the matter by General Slocum reporting that he received orders both from you and General Sheridan. He has been instructed that his command is in General Sheridan's military division.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 2, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

You telegram of June 27, informing me that the Department of Mississippi was assigned as part of General Sheridan's military division, was received, and orders accordingly sent to General Slocum, at Vicksburg, June 29.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 35. Montgomery, Ala., August 8, 1865.

The Sixteenth Army Corps having been discountinued as an organization by orders from the President, the major-general commanding deems it proper and just to express to the troops heretofore comprising it his appreciation of the long and arduous service, the unwearied patriotism, the cheerful obedience to orders, the dauntless courage, and resistless morale which have won for you a high name in the records of your country of which you may well be proud. Fort De Russy, Pleasant Hill, Yellow Bayou, Lake Chicot, Tupelo, Nashville, Spanish Fort, and Blakely attest your gallantry and success during the last year of the war. You have never experienced defeat or repulse. Your military history is without blot or stain. With his record of your service you can return to your respective homes, as mustered out, with the consciousness that you have performed your full duty, won the respect and admiration of your commanders, and well deserved the confidence and trust of the country that in her hour of danger placed you in ranks and trusted to you her battles. Still continue to merit that confidence and trust by becoming as good citizens as you have been soldiers. Remeber that for a republican government the main requisite is enlightened, moral, and industrious citizens. Unless you become such the results of your entire service are lost to you. Let the memory of what you have endured endear to you every foot of American soil. Having asserted the supremacy of the General Government in arms, assist now in creating for it a glorious future among nations.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 10, 1865.

MICHAEL BURNS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

By order of the President all the railroads in Tennessee will be turned over to the companies.

D. T. PATTERSON.

