
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 15, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Carbondale, Ill.:

Your telegram tendering the resignation of your commission in the military service was received this morning and submitted to the President, who directs me to say that it is accepted. Allow me to express my regret that the service will lose so gallant and patriotic a soldier and to express to you the thanks of this Department for the distinguished services you have rendered your country in its hour of trial.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

August 16, 1865, (Received 2.30 p. m.)

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

I can learn of no instance in which the officers of the Freedmen's Bureau have exercised illegal authority in taking charge of property, either here or at Pulaski. In two or three instances General Fisk has restored to owners property which had been in charge of the Treasure agent, he being convinced after investigation that the property was not abandoned. I believe convinced after investigation that the property was not abandoned. I believe General Fisk is doing all he can to settle all difficulty arising in his bureau justly and fairly under the law creating the bureau.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 18, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General A. J. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, Department of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding department, the following report: I assumed command of the District of West Tennessee May 29, 1865, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 201, dated Headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, May 2, 1865, relieving Major General C. C. Washburn, whose resignation had been accepted, to take effect June 1, 1865. The following troops were at that time stationed in this district, viz: Of cavalry-Seventh Regiment Indiana Cavalry Volunteers, Fifth Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, First Regiment Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, Second Regiment Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, Fourth Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Twelfth Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Eleven Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Eleventh Regiment New York Cavalry Volunteers, Second Regiment Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, First Mississippi Mounted Rifles, Third Regiment U. S. Colored Cavalry Volunteers. Of infantry-One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Fifty-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry. Of artillery-Battery K, Second Illinois Light Artillery; Battery G, First Illinois Light Artillery; Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery; Battery G, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Seventh Wisconsin

