
Battery; Company F, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery; Company I, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery; Third U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy). The following regiments of the troops above enumerated were, in pursuance of orders from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, ordered to join the command of Major General P. H. Sheridan, at Alexandria, La., viz: Seventh Regiment Indiana Cavalry Volunteers, Fifth Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, First Regiment Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, Second Regiment Visconsin Cavalry Volunteers, Fourth Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers Twelfth Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers. The following regiments and batteries have been mustered out, viz: Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, First Mississippi Mounted Rifles, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers (of which the remaining recruits were consolidated with the One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry), Battery K, Second Illinois Light Artillery; Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery; Battery G, First Illinois Light Artillery; Battery G, Second Missouri Light Artillery; Seventh Wisconsin Battery. The following-named regiments have, since I have assumed command here, reported to me for assignment to duty: One hundred and fifty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers. The following-named regiments and batteries are now on duty in this district: Eleventh Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Eleventh Regiment New York Cavalry Volunteers, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry Volunteers, One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-second Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry Volunteers, Fifty-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry Volunteers, Eighty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry Volunteers; Company F, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (Light); Third U. S. Artillery (Heavy); Company I, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (Light). Of these regiments, the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry Volunteers and the Eleventh New York Cavalry Volunteers are under orders from headquarters Department of Tennessee ot be muster out immediately on the arrival at this post of some regiment of cavalry to take their place. Of the One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, the expiration of term of service will take place on the 29th of October next, and I have already forwarded to department headquarters a recommendation for the immediate muster out of that reigment. I would respectfully recommend that Company F, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery, now dismounted, be transferred to some regiment of infantry and the officers mustered out; also I would recommend that the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry be dismounted and assigned to duty as infantry.

General and staff officers and changes: Bvt. Major General J. E. Smith, commanding district, vice Major General C. C. Washburn, relieved; Bvt. Major General A. L. Chatlain, commanding post and defenses; Colonel Otto Funke, commanding Cavalry Division, vice Bvt. Brigadier General J. E. Phelps, relieved, vice Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, relieved, in orders from War Department; Bvt. Brigadier General W. H. Morgan, assistant adjutant-general, District of West Tennessee; Colonel A. T. Smith, acting assistant inspector-general (temporarily assigned), vice Captain S. M. Budlong, relieved and ordered to State rendezvous for muster out, vice Captain F. W. Fox, relieved in orders from headquarters Military Division of the Tennessee; Captain J. W. Mott, chief commissary of subsistence, relived

