
Eighth Michigan and Sixth Indiana Cavalry and First Minnesota Heavy Artillery. Station one of your remaining cavalry regiments in West Tennessee, and the other at Murfreesborough, sending detachments to such points where military interference may be required.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 23, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

August 2 General Steedman, commanding Department of Georgia reported that, after mustering out of surplus, under circular 30, current series, he would have left in his department, present and absent, 13,376 white and 3,789 colored. Cannot the force of white troops be still further reduced, say by muster out of 7,000. If not, sate reasons. Answer by telegram.

By command:

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 26, 1865.

Colonel T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Orders were given, yesterday, to muster out all volunteers troops in Kentucky, except the negro organizations.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GALENA, ILL., August 26, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Military Division of the Tennessee:

It is now the desire of Government to reduce the military force of the country and expenses of the Government all that is possible. Under the authority given you in orders you can muster out of service any organization you may deem dispensable. My own views are that two regiments of cavalry will be sufficient to retain in service for the whole State of Tennessee, and one regiment for each of the other States in your military division, except Kentucky, where I would keep none. I would also think 5,000 infantry for Tennessee and 3,000 for Kentucky, mostly colored, sufficient. The number of posts garrisoned ought to be reduced to three or four in each State, from which troops can be sent to any post where they may be required, either to suppress hostilities or to aid the civil laws. Give me information of what you are doing and think you can safely yet do in the way of reducing the force at your command. I expect to visit Nashville before returning to Washington. Your answer to this letter will reach me here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

