
NASHVILLE, August 27, 1865.

Colonel T. M. WINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

I have ordered all white volunteer organizations, except veteran reserves serving in the Department of Kentucky and Tennessee, to be mustered out of service, except the Tenth Michigan and the Twelfth Ohio Cavalry. General Woods has reduced his infantry force to sixteen regiments of white troops and one of negroes. He also reports one regiment of heavy artillery, colored, and five of cavalry, and reports that he does not believe it prudent to reduce the force any more for the present, or until the reorganization of the State of Alabama. I shall send him five regiments of colored troops, which will enable him to muster out an equal number of white regiments. Major-General Steedman has reduced his command to 12,540 white volunteers present and absent; 3,785 color infantry present and absent; the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, 750 present and absent; Company I, Fourth Artillery, 65 present and absent, and the Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, 650 present and absent, and does not think it prudent to reduce his force any more until after the reorganization of Georgia. If the Sixth U. S. Infantry, taken away from Savannah by General Gillmore, as I think without authority, be sent back, the force in Georgia can be reduced, after the reorganization of the State, to the two U. S. infantry regiments, the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Company I, Fourth Artillery,m and the three negro infantry regiments with perfect safety.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, August 29, 1865.

(Received 6.45 p. m.)

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

I have cause the charges of frauds in the cotton speculation in Alabama to be thoroughly investigated, and General Woods reports to me that no such transactions are now carried on, and he is satisfied that proper precautions have been taken by the military and Treasury authorities to prevent further frauds.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 40. Vicksburg, Miss., September 1, 1865.

* * * *

IV. The commanding general of the Western District of Mississippi will cause one of the battalion of the Fifth U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), now at the post of Vicksburg, to be immediately reported for duty to Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, commanding Northern District of Mississippi.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Slocum:

J. WARREN MILLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

