
EAST BANK OF LOCUST FORK, March 28, 1865-8.30 a. m.

[Brevet Major-General WILSON:]

GENERAL: The Second Brigade and train are across the river; First Brigade will be across by 11 a. m. Shall move to Elyton, as directed in your note of yesterday. Man from Montevallo last Saturday reports 700 rebels there. They had received orders to move eighty miles below Selma. Ordes were countermanded, but rations were kept in haversacks. Have made up train, as directed, to accompany troops. Corps train will have to move to Elyton for forage. Have left one mounted company with dismounted men to guard train. Will order it forward if I find no indication of enemy. Ford has fine bottom. Rain (steady) will not affect it for twenty-four hours. Is more easily bridges than other. Water comes up to middle of ammunition boxes. Division is in fine shape for marching. If the corps train has to move to Elyton, will you please send forward to Captain Simpson and order mine forward? It will reach there in advance of Long's or McCook's division.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Fourth Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saunders' Ferry, Mulberry Fork, March 28, 1865.

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter has been received and is perfectly satisfactory. Your train will be taken care of. Push forward through Elyton toward Montevallo. If Montevallo is not occupied by the enemy move toward Tuscaloosa, unless you learn that Selma is undefended, in which case you will move direct upon Selma. The First Division is rapidly crossing and will be at Locust Fork this evening. Send early information of the presence of the enemy, in order that you may be quickly re-enforced if necessary.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,March 28, 1865.

[General WILSON:]

GENERAL: I was unable to cross the river to-night on account of obstructions placed in the ford by the enemy. The ford is deeper than Locust Fork and has quicksand at both approaches. If the other divisions are to come to this point send the pontoons forward in advance of everything. There is a railroad bridge which with considerable labor can be made passable. I shall commence work on it at light if I cannot cross by ford. Cannot more than get across to-morrow. The roads will be so heavy that I would be in favor of leaving every wheel behind. Let me know the route of the other troops. Hear of no enemy except

