
of which you complain. He has no doubt taken steps to do so before this. I hope you will confer with him on the subject. I have received various accounts from East Tennessee, all confirming and recommending the suggestions made in your letter.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

NASHVILLE, September 7, 1865.

(Received 5 p. m.)

His Excellency President JOHNSON:

Your telegram of the 4th instant just received directing the withdrawal of the negro troops from East Tennessee. I have given the necessary orders, but have to report that I have no white troops to send to East Tennessee to preserve the peace. Complaints reach me almost daily of difficulty between the returned rebels and loyal citizens, either in defiance of the civil authorities, or that the civil authorities are inefficient and do not act. The negro troops in Tennessee can be reduced still more by sending them to Georgia and Alabama to replace a like number of white troops, who are clamorous to be mustered out of service.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 7, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

Order the regiments stationed at Greeneville to rendezvous at Chattanooga to await orders; also the regiment stationed at Knoxville, unless it is in a good state of discipline. Complaints have been made to the President that the colored troops in East Tennessee are perfectly lawless. In executing this order of the President I want the people of East Tennessee to remember that I have no troops to send into that section of the State.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, September 8, 1865.

General THOMAS:

Your telegram received and will be observed. You can assure the President that the reports that have been made to him about the colored troops at Greeneville and Knoxville ar untrue. This I know from personal observation. The one here is as well behaved a regiment as there is in the service.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, September 8, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch has been received. In withdrawing the colored troops from East Tennessee, I would send them where they are needed and

