
nowhere else. If there are too many of them in the service, it would be better to have them mustered out. In the event of an insurrection it is feared that the colored troops, so great in numbers, could not be controlled. It is believed that there are mischievous persons acting as emissaries inciting the negro population to acts of violence, revenge, and insurrection. This should be carefully looked to, and all conflicts between the whites and blacks should be avoided as far as practicable. There would be no danger of this kind if this description of persons could be expelled from the country whose business it is to excite and originate discontent between the races. If there were a sufficient number of white troops instead of colored to protect the country it would exert a much better influence upon the people. I think I shall have Mississippi added to your department. If the Southern States can be encouraged, I have no doubt in my own mind that they will proceed and restore their government within the next six or seven months, and renew their government within the next six or seven months, and do much in the consummation of this great end. The whole South has confidence in you, and any move you make in that direction will inspire confidence and encourage them in the work they have undertaken.

ANDREW JOHNSON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 47. Vicksburg, Miss., September 9, 1865.

I. The Seventy-second Ohio Infantry, as soon as its muster out is completed under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, will proceed without delay, with its arms, colors, and necessary equipage, to Columbus, Ohio, there reporting to the proper mustering officer for final payment and discharge. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

III. The Second New Jersey Cavalry will be immediately consolidated into a battalion of six companies under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 86, series of 1863, and in accordance with Circular, Nos. 36 and 64, series of 1864, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office. The commissioned officers to be retained in the new organization will be designated by the general commanding the department. The commanding officer of the regiment is directed to forward immediately the names of the officers whom he recommends to be retained. Supernumerary commissioned and non-commissioned officers will be mustered out. The chief mustering officers of the department is charged with the supervision and prompt execution of the details of the consolidation.

* * * *

By order Major-General Slocum:

J. WARREN MILLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, September 9, 1865.

(Received 10 p. m.)

His Excellency President JOHNSON:

Have just received your telegram of the 8th instant. I do not believe that there is the least foundation for fearing an insurrection among the

