
of Kentucky, with headquarters temporarily at Louisville, Ky. Brigadier-General Brisbin, on being relieved from command of the division, will assume command of this brigade.

By command of Major General John M. Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 4, 1865.

Colonel B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit for your information the following report of operations of the signal detachment of the Cumberland (now Military Division of the Tennessee) from the time I assumed command of the same, April 28, 1865, to September 1, 1865, at which time all officers and men composing the detachment had been discharged the service by orders from the War Department. Upon assuming command, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 145, paragraph 39, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, I found the headquarters of the detachment located at Knoxville, East Tenn. During the month of april the officers of the detachment serving in the District of East Tennessee with Generals Stoneman, Stanley, Wilson, Tillson, and Gillem rendered valuable service in keeping open communication by signals between the different commands. While the Union forces were advancing from Knoxville to Jonesville, via Bull's Gap and Greeneville, a distance of about 100 miles, the sub-detachments under charge of Lieutenant William Quinton, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant Henry H. burton, acting signal officer, were able to keep up communication by signal from fifteen to twenty-five miles in advance of the U. s. military telegraph. As fast as the telegraph lines were completed from point to point, the lines of signal stations were advanced to the extreme front, and were many times made available in transmitting important communications. For the detailed account of the advance, the location of different stations, the stations of observation and communication, the copies of messages sent and received by signal, I would respectfully refer you to the official reports of Lieutenant William Quinton, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant Henry H. William Quinton, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant Henry H. Burton, acting signal officer, inclosed herewith. On the 30th of April the organization of the signal detachment connected with the Department of the Cumberland was as follows, viz:

 Commissioned	 Enlisted

 officers.	 men.

At Knoxville, Tenn.	 4	 32

At headquarters Fourth Army Corps.	 5	 28

At Greeneville, East Tenn.	 3	 17

At headquarters General Wilson, in	 2	 5

the field.

Detached on duty with General	 6	 21

Sherman on Atlantic Coast.

Absent sick and on furlough.	 ...	 3

Aggregate.	 20	 106

