
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 149. Washington, October 14, 1865.

A PROCLAMATION.

By the President of the United States of America.

Whereas, by a proclamation of the 5th day of July, 1864, the President of the United States, when the civil war was flagrant, and when combinations were in progress in Kentucky for the purpose of inciting insurgent raid into that State, directed that the proclamation suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus should be made effectual in Kentucky, and that martial law should be established there, and continue until said proclamation should be revoked or modified; and, whereas, since then the danger from insurgent raids into Kentucky has substantially passed away:

Now, therefore, be it known, that I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution, do hereby declare that the said proclamation of the 5th day of July, 1864, shall be, and is hereby, notified, in so far that martial law shall no longer be in force in Kentucky, from and after the date hereof.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington, this 12th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1865, and of the Independence of the United States of America the ninetieth.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

[SEAL.]

By the President:

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of State.

By order of the president of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., AJDT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 164. Washington, November 24, 1`865.

Ordered, That-

I. All persons claiming reward for the apprehension of John Wilkes Bootch, Lewis Payne, G. A. Atzerodt, and David E. Herold, and Jefferson Davis, or either of them, are notified to field their claims and their proofs with the Adjutant-General, for final adjudication by the special commission appointed to award and determine upon the validity of such claims, before the 1st day of January next, after which time no claim will be received.

II. The rewards offered for the arrest of Jacob Thompson,

Beverly Tucker, George N. Sandes, William C. Cleary, and John H. Surratt are revoked.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

MERIDIAN, March 16, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Richmond, Va.:

Am inclined to think General Thomas is moving Fourth Corps and probably part of his cavalry to East Tennessee, he himself being at Chattanooga. Enemy still has large force at Pensacola and front of Mobile, but shows no intention of immediately attacking the place.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

