
depends in a great degree upon the successful resistance and determined opposition which will be made by your command. The enemy will use every effort both by land and water to effect either the abandonment or capture of these two batteries, but as long as they stand the co-operating influence of their fleet will be of little avail and the safety of the city remain intact. This war has given evidence of what a resolute body of men can do, when actuated by the determination to stand to their post to the last extremity. And even if by the force of circumstances they are compelled to give up their well-contested batteries, they have the consolation of knowing that their efforts are respected by their enemies and appreciated and honor by their country. It is with satisfaction the general feels that everything that becomes men actuated but he true spirit will be done by you and your command. use every exertion and means in your may feel yourself prepared to meet the foe. It is therefore with these views that I am directed by the general to make the following suggestions: Guard your approaches both by land and water actively and vigilantly, and always have a sufficient force in hand ready to meet any attempt at surprise on the part of he enemy. Have your river pickets well armed and thoroughly organized, and commanded by officers of tried skill and determination, as the enemy will undoubtedly attempt a night attack in boats, to accomplish by a sudden dash what they may not be able to effect in a protracted bombardment. Let your armed boats have preconcerted signals with the batteries, and men placed in charge of the same who will under all risks and without regard to personal safety, but with the salvation of the garrison only in view, give the signals. Meet such an attack with a terrific fire of canister from both your heavy and light pieces, and from the infantry, without regard to the consequences of even the picket crews, for it is better that their lives should be sacrificed than the safety and tenure of the batteries be compromised by nay hestinancy as to their welfare. Commence at the parapets, and contest with fire and steel every inch of your ground; at the same time let your signal officers by means of rockets spread the alarm to the adjoining garrisons, that aid and relief may be sent to you, and thus compel the enemy to abandon what he might by force of numbers have gained. Keep your means of communication between the batteries always prepared, especially at night, and have your ammunition so at hand that it can be sued immediately. If possible send down torpedoes and fire-rafts throughout the night, and be always assured by constant vigilance that you obstructions are not tampered with either by traitors or the enemy. The distance intervening between the hills on the eastern shore and Batteries Tracy and Huger render it almost impossible for the enemy, with a determined show of obstinacy and endurance on our part, to effect their purposes from those points. Having made these few suggestions, many of which have no doubt been thought of by yourself, and being personally acquainted with the character, spirit, and feelings of the officers and men composing your command, I but reiterate the sentiments of the brigadier-general commanding in saying that he has every confidence that his expectations in yourself and garrison will be fully realized, and that all the honor and glory for their meritorious conduct will certainly be received by them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. GRAYSON,

Captain and Chief of Artillery.

