
Newburg, sixteenth miles distant from Moulton, where I connect with a courier-line from Moulton to Fulton. My line runs from Columbus, Miss., forty miles to Mrs. Bankhead's, on the military road; thence to Green Haley's, on the Buttahatchie; thence to Allen's Factory, on Bear Creek, and thence to Newburg, a distance of 103 miles from Columbus. I shall remain at Newburg and connect with the line from Moulton to fulton until further orders.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

J. T. BIGGS,

Lieutenant in charge Courier-Line from Columbus, Miss., to Moulton, Ala.

MERIDIAN, March 18, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Selma:

(Forward to Montgomery, if necessary.)

Roddey reports force of enemy on 14th moving from Cherokee to Russellville; thinks they are moving toward Rome. Kizer's scouts report no enemy at Tuscumbia on 14th, but a force camped at Barton. Henderson reports four brigades cavalry under Hatch at Eastport. General Forrest thinks latter part of same force reported at Barton, and recommends General Dan. Adams push all his force ot the front toward Elyton. Chalmers is at Pickensville; Jackson and Lyon near West Point. On 16th Henderson reports one brigade cavalry camped near Iuka, on eastport road; lines closed. Mr. Scott has sold 3,000 bales cotton, to be paid for promptly in currency, at $1 per pound, and awaits further instructions. What shall I do with exchanged Confederate prisoners? Large numbers are coming in.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 18, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Montgomery:

Following received from Henderson's scouts:

BALDWYN, March 18, 1865.

Harvey reports, Tuscumbia, 2 o'clock 16th, no force there; small raid out day before, also at Buzzard Roost; thinks enemy will move from river toward Selma; thinks Thomas at Chattanooga; Harvey gone to Huntsville. Couriers say no column has gone south from river below Tuscumbia.

GERMANTOWN, March 16, 1865.

(Via Holly Springs 18th.)

Force in Memphis 6,000 cavalry, 4,500 infantry, and three regiments colored artillery. Repairing cars and locomotives at Charleston depot; cleaning out Hatchie River to Brownsville.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AGENCY C. S. PRODUCE LOAN,

Mobile, March 18, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

SIR: I had the honor to inform you by telegraph on 17th instant that I had sold 3,000 bales cotton, payable in currency at the rate of $1 per

