
heretofore assigned to that regiment. That portion of Twelfth Mississippi reporting to Colonel Wade will be assigned to Colonel Dillon, of Second Mississippi. A copy of General Forrest's order directing the moving of the regiment will be furnished you to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. WHITE,

Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, Ala., March 19, 1865-8 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff, Mobile:

COLONEL: I have received dispatches that the enemy are at Camp Withers, drums having been plainly heard at that place this morning. D. reports 1,000 cavalry arrived on the 16th at Barrancas, making 4,000 in all. Sergeant Breuton reports the enemy still receiving heavy re-enforcements at navy-yards. The enemy encamped eight miles from Magnolia last night below Bon Scour, but I have not yet ascertained his direction, whether coming this way or going toward Pensacola.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, Ala., March 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOLTZCLAW,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inform you that, from reliable information received, the enemy are at Camp Withers with a force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The condition of the roads from Camp Withers to his place induces him to believe that they will advance in this direction, or by Greenwood, to this place, and he therefore directs that you use every exertion in your power to be ready for the advance of the enemy. Push forward your present work and by ready to give him a warm reception at any moment. Impress upon your command the importance of being ready to receive the enemy, and urge upon them to complete the work now in progress, allowing no delay. Cavalry are now being sent forward to meet the enemy and develop his intentions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant Colonel John A. Brown, commanding Spanish Fort.)
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 19, 1865.

Captain J. V. TUTT,

Commanding at Greenwood:

CAPTAIN: Your communications inclosing the reports of Davenport have been received. The general commanding directs that you caution

