
your scouts in front of Pensacola, and inform them that the enemy are at Camp Withers. Convey, if possible, Lieutenant Sibley the information concerning him alluded to in Davenport's report. Find out at once in which direction the enemy will move out from Camp Withers, and be prepared for him. Colonel Spence will move in a short time for the purpose of developing his intentions.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, Ala., March 19, 1865-10.15 p. m.

Colonel C. G. ARMISTEAD,

Commanding at Canoe Station:

There is a force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery at Camp Withers, supposed intended for Greenwood and Blakely. Whilst the forces at Pensacola will probably move on Pollard and the railroad, Colonel Spence is going to develop the intention of the enemy at Camp Withers. If the enemy moves up the railroad you must draw your ammunition from above. Make your arrangement. If he moves toward Tensas River I can supply you.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 20, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Scouts report the enemy to be at Magnolia this Morning, the force large but no definitely reported. I sent Colonel Spence with his regiment to try and find the enemy, late last evening, but up to this moment have received no intelligence from him. I have received during the day dispatches to the effect that "eighteen vessels were going to the mouth of Fish River," and but a few moments since that "three vessels had landed at Battle's Wharf." The gun-boats are now, and have been for some time, shelling the shore about Point Clear. Colonel Spencer moved directly for Magnolia, where the enemy was seen, as reported to be, and it is possible the enemy may have turned to the shore, so as to cause Colonel Spencer to miss the head of his advance. If you can send re-enforcements to occupy the works on this side, they should come early enough to get into position, as much is yet to be done in erectng traverses, &amp;c. As the telegraph between this and Mobile is down, I send the Mary for dispatch and to bring what troops you wish sent, and by landing to-night or to-morrow morning early at Blakely, they can be marched down to Spanish Fort by the Bay Minette road. The tread way will probably be finished for use on Wednesday. No late information from Pensacola up to this hour.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General.

