
less than 300 in killed, wounded, and captured. Prisoners captured represent the loss as particularly heavy in officers. General Newton reported severely wounded. Our loss, 3 killed and 22 wounded. Among the killed was Captain H. K. Simmons, Second Florida Cavalry, when gallantly leading his company. Between the 3rd of February and the 6th of March it is estimated that our troops in this district have killed, wounded, and captured a number of the enemy equal to one-third of our effective strength, as borne on the last return. have added materially to our field transportation and recaptured much stolen property. The enemy's squadron is still off Saint Mark's and I anticipate and more formidable demonstration to get possession of that port and this place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,March 21, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Thomas and Stoneman are reported to be concentrating rapidly at Knoxville to advance down Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. Cannot a force be organized in Georgia and Alabama under General Taylor to cut his communication with Chattanooga and Nashville and draw them back?

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 21, 1865.

Colonel G. G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff, Mobile:

COLONEL: The following telegram has just been received from Colonel Spence, viz:

IN THE FIELD, TWO MILES FROM MONTROSE.

General LIDDELL:

One of my scouts has just returned from the other side of the river; discovered no enemy. I have another small scout on that side of he river, also a picket at Whitby's Bridge. I will let the picket remain there to-night, unless the enemy advance faster than I think he will. The enemy is reported to be four miles from this place.

P. B. SPENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For Brigadier-General Liddell.)
HEADQUARTERS,Montrose, March 21, 1865.

General LIDDELL:

Enemy reported to be advancing-infantry. I will leave here at once to join my command.

P. B. SPENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

