HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF THE WEST MISSISSIPPI,March 28, 1865.

Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of Admiral Lee's communication addressed to you on the 15th in relation to the five mortar-boats sent by him at my request. These boats are intended to be used where the ground is too marshy to establish land batteries, and I expect to have them manned by the army, but I will be very glad if you will please to have them towed over as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

NAVY COVE, MOBILE BAY, ALA.,

March 28, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. and Army of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday (received this day at 1 p. m.) requiring me to send a battery of 30-pounder Parrotts and another of 10-inch mortars. I am here this evening, and have been ever since 3 p. m., loading and urging forward the batteries, &amp;c., called for. They will start now in the course of an hour, and the greatest dispatch has been used to send them forward at the earliest moment possible after the receipt of the major-general's orders. I have also ordered forward, in obedience to orders received, a supply of field ammunition, and in addition other ammunition which I thought might not be amiss. I shall send additional stores along by the first boat I can procure to tow the schooners on which it is now loaded. Captain Beebe is sent forward also in charge of ordnance and ordnance supplies, as likewise Colonel Hays, in charge of the siege artillery. The latter has orders to report to the major-general commanding for orders. My only regret is that I was not permitted to come to the front also, as well as my remaining siege batteries and ordnance supplies. There is no reason why I should remain any longer behind, everything being in readiness here as much as my presence can avail.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,In Front of Spanish Fort, Ala., March 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General BAILEY:

Please forward following telegram at once by a special boat:

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Chief of Artillery and Ordnance, Fort Gaines:

Send immediately, in addition to the batteries already ordered, Battery C, First Indiana, consisting of four 8-inch howitzers; also another battery of 30-pounders, with necessary ammunition. Advise me by first opportunity of their probable time of departure, that the transportation may be on hand at Starke's Wharf.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

