
who knows the necessities on this side of the river, and whose views were sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the whole question of defense in the Confederate State, with discretionary power to send such force as he believed ought to be transferred. My judgment is that General Bragg fulfills the conditions here enumerated.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF. DAVIS.

NEAR BENTONVILLE, March 22, 1865-2 p. m.

General R. E. LEE:

Dispatch 21st received. I think that an efficient force cannot be raised in Georgia and Alabama. Lieutenant-General Forrest's cavalry force might be immediately employed for the object you name. My authority, as defined by the War Department, does not extend west of Georgia.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 22, 1865. (Received 10 p. m.)

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

Information received from Generals Taylor and Echols make it pretty certain Thomas is at Knoxville; Stoneman, with 4,000 cavalry, at Mossy Creek on 20th, twenty-nine miles this side of Knoxville. Advance of infantry reached Morristown, forty-two miles this side Knoxville, same day, with eighteen cars laden with rails and cross-ties. All the troops in that department are in motion and all citizens capable of bearing arms called out.

R. E. LEE.

MERIDIAN, March 22, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile:

You are best able to judge of the amount of money you require, but a million seems a large sum under the circumstances. Send every dollar that you do not absolutely require to Mr. Guirot, bearing in mind that with your supplies concentrated you can manage with much less than is needed outside. If the enemy is moving with so many columns, none can be very strong. If any of them come within striking distance, therefore, do not lose an opportunity of inflicting punishment.

By order:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DIVISION,Blakely, March 22, 1865-5.15 a. m.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I received the inclosed dispatches about midnight and send it [them?] to you by first boat. Lieutenant Sibley's report, in a great measure, confirms that sent yesterday from Colonel Armistead

