
from Canoe Station, the enemy's strength being, however, 10,000 less in this last. You will see that General Thomas co-operates from Vicksburg simultaneously. I now think there can be so longer any doubt upon the subject. It is sad to think of the desolation that will follow the traces of these devastating columns of Yankees. I have nothing late from the force coming by Fish River. I can only conjecture that if sufficiently large it will attempt to get possession of Spanish Fort for a base, whence occupation can be given to the fleet in the bay. In carrying through the movement on Selma the use of the Alabama River is of the almost importance to the enemy, hence I don't think we will be permitted to remain in quiet long.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 22, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff, Mobile:

Colonel Spence reports (8 a. m.) that the failed to capture enemy's pickets at Dannelly's Mills last night, as chain pickets were too close to the main body. Discovered only infantry as yet; no force has landed on bay shore. Dispatch from Davenport that this force is Sixteenth Army Corps, under Steele. Colonel Armistead sends dispatch from Canoe Station, 5 p. m. yesterday, that his scouts saw enemy's column on Monday on Pensacola and Pollard road, and forces have been moving from navy-yard to Boggy Bayou for some time, and that a column will move from that place. From the mass of reports received by me I endeavor to select for your information the most probable and reliable.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DIVISION,Blakely, March 22, 1865.

[Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff:]

COLONEL: I have no longer any doubt that the enemy is in strong force at Dannelly's Mills and will probably move up some distance to-morrow. Colonel Spence informs me that his (enemy's) pickets are at Cowpen Branch, about two miles this side. In view of the facts I would be glad to have what re-enforcements you design sending come at once, that every preparation for defense may be completed in time to receive the enemy. Colonel Lockett was here yesterday, and I had hoped that he would have discovered the condition of the magazine at Huger, to have it promptly looked after and remedied. Colonel Patton reports it to be flooded and asks for a force-pump to draw off the water, which I beg that you will have immediately supplied him. Colonel Armistead telegraphs me that 2,000 cavalry has moved from the east side of Blackwater, by Ridge road, in direction of Andalusia. I instructed him to inform General Adams of the movement and to keep as long as possible in front of the column from Pensacola. From all that I can gather the greater part of that force confronting us on the eastern shore has come by land from Fort Morgan.

[ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL.]

