HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 22, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SPENCE,

In the Field, near Montrose:

COLONEL: General Liddell directs me to quote you an extract from a letter received from General Maury, and to inform you that he, as well as the major-general commanding, desires you to report nothing but what you know to be facts concerning the force and movements of the enemy. General Maury has also ordered General Liddell to enjoin the instructions (contained inn the extract) upon his outpost commanders, "and inefficient in procuring information," which instructions General Leddell wishes you to rigidly enforce:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that he is very much perplexed by the reports of the scouts about the movements of the enemy. It will be most unfortunate for the country if false alarms and exaggerations of the enemy's forces and intentions in this region be allowed to receive general and official credence. Please require Colonel Spence to explain fully why he failed to find the enemy. If Captain Tutt incorrectly reported columns moving from Camp Withers and Magnolia, arrest him. Ascertain whether the boats entering Fish River conveyed troops; ascertain whether troops were landed yesterday at Battle Wharf. Forbid officers and men from reporting any but the most carefully procured, observed [information]; require pickets and scouts to keep always in sight of the enemy, to receive with great caution all statements of "reliable" people, and to be especially careful about reporting and resting on them.

Communicate all information received to the infantry pickets.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to Captain J. T. Morgan, commanding scouts, Montrose, Ala., and Colonel C. G. Armistead commanding troops, Canoe Station.)
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 22, 1865-1.15 p. m.

Colonel SPENCE,

Near Montrose:

Send scouts on Fish River, below the enemy, to make discoveries. Count the boats; what kind, &amp;c. If he has no cavalry, scouts can move around him anywhere. Colonel Armistead is ordered to confront the column on Pensacola road. I will have to rely upon your energy and enterprise alone.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 22, 1865-2.25 p. m.

Colonel SPENCE,

Commanding Cavalry, near Montrose:

Your dispatch received. All right. The cavalry is under your command. Make your own dispositions, only watch the enemy closely and report facts.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

