
WEST POINT, March 24, 1865.

Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you see Governor Clark's agent who has been sent to Meridian about calling out militia, and issue necessary orders to Majors Young and Dameron.

JAS. MCCLOSKEY,

Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 69. Richmond, Va., March 24, 1865.

* * * *

XXVIII. The ten companies of Mississippi cavalry under the command of Colonel C. g. Armistead will constitute the Twelfth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

[JNO. WITHERS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, March 24, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs as follows: An accurate inspection will be made for the purpose of ascertaining the number of horses in Mobile which can be dispensed with in the event of siege. Every horse, whether of citizen or soldier, not absolutely required for Government uses must be sent out should the place be invested. This includes the horses of officers entitled to be mounted as well. Only such as are obliged to be mounted will retain horses, and of those the fewest possible number. These horses will be sent to Major Ewing, at Demopolis or Selma. When the Forrest or other negroes are to be sent out, send them to Demopolis to be reported to engineer officer there. All tools not required in the city must be sent with them. A sharp lookout must be kept by General Liddell, as the enemy may be throwing considerable force in his front [and] attempt to make a movement of his main column into the interior. It is of the utmost importance to have the earliest information of such a movement. Should the enemy give Mobile the "go by" and march on Selma or Montgomery, it may become necessary suddenly to throw 6,000 or 7,000 infantry up the river from Mobile to assist the cavalry. The lieutenant-general desires, therefore, that you will take steps to ascertain what number of boats you can control for this purpose at short notice, and report to these headquarters. Considerable quantities of rosin are believed to be accumulated in the neighborhood of Mobile, which must be destroyed if likely to fall into the enemy's hands. it would be well if possible to get this into the city, as it would be extremely valuable as fuel for mills, boats, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

