HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 24, 1865-9.20 a. m.

General MAURY,

Commanding at Mobile:

The following dispatch just received from General Clanton, at Pollard:

I believe the enemy have broken the road above Evergreen. I have 100 Reserves and 30 cavalry here. Will do take best I can, being governed by circumstances. I have 200 men after the enemy above. I expect to form a junction with Armistead.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 24, 1865-11.20 p. m.

General MAURY, Mobile:

I have just returned from cavalry front. Lieutenant Sibley has been behaving handsomely. The following just received:

GREENWOOD.

General LIDDELL:

I have the honor to inform you that I charge the enemy's wagon train this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Captured 21 prisoners and 10 mules and harness; also killed 8 mules, as the only means of destroying their transportation. This occurred between East and North prong of Fish River, and two miles south of Magnolia. General Veatch and division is now moving through there, the last of the Thirteenth Army Corps. I learn from prisoners General a. J. Smith has a command somewhere on western shore, intending to operate with this against Mobile. The army on move to-day. I could find out nothing of strength or position save above. Do not think it will do for infantry to come to the rear, but cavalry would do much damage. The 10 mules and 21 prisoners are here.

A. O. SIBLEY,

Lieutenant.

MONTROSE, 24th.

General LIDDELL:

Scout just in from the mouth of Fish River reports two transports passed up the river heavily loaded with troops, one large vessel the other medium-sized boat. Two transports came down empty. Seven other transports lying in the mouth, but few men on them, supposed only the crew. Five gun-boats lying off near the mouth. This is reliable.

J. T. MORGAN,

Captain, Commanding.

No advance of the enemy from Dannelly's Mills made to-day. General Gibson halted his command near the Village, and did not succeed in getting as far as I intended. Will move forward to Fly Creek, below Montrose, as soon as he gets supplied with rations. It is possible A. J. Smith's division, alluded to by Lieutenant Sibley, may have been on the transported that came up Fish River, mentioned in Morgan's report, in the absence of positive evidence of their being on the other side.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 24, 1865-8.20 a. m.

General CLANTON,

Commanding at Pollard:

The enemy are in large force on Fish River here. General Liddell desires you to inform him as soon as possible whether the enemy take the ridge road by way of Watherford's or the Pollard road.

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

