HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 24, 1865-10.25 p. m.

Colonel SPENCE,

Commanding Cavalry, near Montrose:

Lieutenant A. O. Sibley has captured 21 prisoners and 10 mules and been behaving handsomely in the enemy's rear. He is now at Greenwood. Send him twenty men whom you deem reliable for special service immediately.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,West Point, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Pickensville, Ala.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that you will prepare Starke's brigade as rapidly as possible to follows Armstrong, supplies with same amount ammunition, &amp;c, to the man, and that you will notify him by return courier at what time you will have Starke's command ready to move. Lieutenant-General Taylor will be here to-day, and with the lieutenant-general commanding will review General Jackson's division and Lyon's brigade. It is important that Starke's brigade should be gotten ready to move at the earliest practicable moment, so as to keep the men together. Also hat you will prepare General Adams' command for moving, so that he can follow Starke. If they have not sufficient transportation, they will move without it.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS SCOUTS, ROSS' BRIGADE,Vernon, Miss., March 24, 1865.

Captain P. B. PLUMMER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Ross' Brigade Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 15th instant eight of my men, under Private Dorsey Williams, captured the steamer Monroe, trading boat, at Grand Gulf, Miss., killing the captain, mate, and engineer, with five others. On the night of the 14th instant Williams, Broome, and Gilbert went aboard the boat and told the captain that they had thirty-three bales of cotton up Big Black they wished to sell. The terms of sale agreed upon and a parting drink, they went ashore to bring the cotton down. They then went up the river to the backwater and placed five men in ambush, and on the night of the 15th they again went on board the boat and told them they had the cotton down at the edge of the backwater, and they must go after it. In a few minutes everything was under way up Big Black. On their way up they had a champagne and oyster supper. Then taking their stations, Williams with the pilot, Gilbert with the engineer, Broome at top, they reached the ambush. Broom ordered them to land, and as soon as the cable was made fast the ambush, led by Lee, charged, and after killing the captain, mate, engineer, and five others, they were in possession of the boat. They carried it about forty miles up Big Back, unloaded her cargo, which consisted principally of commissary stores and liquors

