
and 10,000 waterproof caps. Upon the intercession of the citizens, stating that if they burned the boat they would burn Port Gibson, they released the boat.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOB. T. COBB,

Captain, Commanding Scout.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF MISSISSIPPI,Enterprise, March 24, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Dept. of Mississippi and Alabama, Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: Before receiving your dispatches of yesterday's date I had forwarded by mail to you all the information I had in regard to the Reserve forces now being assembled to Scooba. I answered you be telegraph to day, and now send all further information I have. My brigade inspector will go to Scooba on Tuesday or Wednesday next, when I expect most of the Reserves will have rendezvoused at that place. I will also go myself an early day next week. I am now confined to the house by an injury to my amputated leg. I will forward all reports of the Reserves to you as they reach me.

With great regard, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Montgomery:

Latest information is from Armistead of 22nd. One column of enemy was then north of Gonzales, moving up. He does not estimate its strength.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo:

Colonel Ed. Crossland, in command of Lyon's brigade, has been ordered by way of Tuscaloosa to report to you at Montevallo to relieve all of Roddey's command, which is ordered south. Should he require assistance while en route you will render it.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 25, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: General Wofford was assigned two months ago to collect stragglers and deserters in Northern Georgia and dissolve illegal organizations. He was empowered to place them in temporary organizations and use them until they could be returned to their commands. General Wofford is now ordered to report to you.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

