
inform General Gibson, who is at D'Olive's Creek. Your wagons and forage are near General Cockrell's camp. You will keep in mind that you are to retire by the Sibley road by Alexis Springs, if the enemy continues to press you across D'Olive's Creek. Continue to skirmish closely with the enemy, and keep me well posted through Generals Cockrell and Gibson. I will be at D'Olive's Ford early to-morrow, say by 7 o'clock. Can you ascertain how far this division is in advance of the main body of the enemy? Can We attack it before support can come to it? General Clanton was wounded, and with Colonel Lary and Major McWhorter, and the greater part of the brigade, were captured to day, near Bluff Springs. Colonel Armistead and Colonel Ball not with them in the fight; still safe and in front of the enemy. That column of the enemy have a large wagon train and are moving for Montgomery.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

D'OLIVE'S CREEK, March 25, 1865.

General MAURY:

General Gibson informs me that the enemy is moving on the Durant road, which will bring him four miles to the left of this position, if continued. I shall order General Cockrell's division to cross the Bay Minette and be ready to intercept the advance on the Sibley road. This movement destroys our hopes of engaging him here. The prisoner sent in reports that Third Division, of A. J. Smith's corps, are here; does not know where the other two division are.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 25, 1865-9.20 p. m.

General MAURY,

Mobile:

Our views fully coincide. Unless able to concentrate shall not risk engagement in detail. Will return to front by 7 a. m. to-morrow, and soon afterward hope to meet you at Spanish Fort. Please not to fail to come. Enemy advanced division, 5,000 to 6,000, headed by 500 cavalry; no ordnance or ambulance wagons. General Gibson's scouts saw enemy's column and captured the prisoner (draftsman) sent over. A map in his possession embraced the eastern shore only to Blakely, showing the design of enemy to get possession of this side.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 25, 1865.

Captain TUTT,

Commanding at Greenwood:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move everything with your command from Greenwood to Sibley's Mills at

73 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

