SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 63. West Point, March 25, 1865.

I. Asst. Surg. Charles B. Slaughter will report to Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, commanding division, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,

West Point, March 25, 1865-10 p. m.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Pickensville, Ala.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move immediately upon receipt of this with Starke's brigade, following Armstrong to Selma. Report your arrival at Selma by telegraph to the lieutenant-general commanding, at this place. Also report by return courier the time you leave Pickensville. It is important that you move at once.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., March 25, 1865.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I wrote you some days since fully in regard to the state of affairs here, by Lieutenant-Colonel Brand. As an officer, however, passes through on his way to you bearing dispatches from General Smith, I improve the opportunity to say that be recent orders all the troops in the district are brigaded and under orders to move. These brigade commanders assume the right to order the troops as they please and I am left to be responsible for more than half the State of Mississippi and of East Louisiana, with nothing to defend it with but the Reserves of East Louisiana. The State of Mississippi east of Pearl River is virtually abandoned, and the enemy can take possession of it when he pleases. In the meantime I, a brigadier by your order, am without any command but an undefended territory. I do not complain, but only desire that if disasters come you may acquit me of all blame. I again inclose a copy of the proceedings of the court of inquiry.

Always, with grateful respect, your friend,

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

WEST POINT, March 25, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Montevallo:

Troops are being pushed forward to Selma to meet raid from below. Use every exertion to prevent them cutting road to Pollard and Columbus. If necessary send Roddey to threatened points by boat or rail; horses can follow. Advise me promptly of enemy's movements and probable object.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

