HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOLTZCLAW,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you push forward your work as much as possible, in cutting down the timber in front of your position. If you have not enough men in your own brigade, detach some part of the Twenty-first Alabama. Have the Sibleys reported to you? The enemy are in force on the D'Olive's and Blakely road, in front of Spanish Fort, and their fleet massing off Hollywood and Montrose. Please sent at once what information you get from your scouts.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,West Point, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to state that he desires you to send ten of your best men, well mounted, with four days' cooked rations, to report at these headquarters at sunrise to-morrow morning to accompany Captain Henderson and move in your advance and scout on your left. The lieutenant-general also requests that you will make as early a start as possible, in order that you may make as long a march as possible. The enemy are moving to our front, and it is important that we should strike him as soon as possible.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Selma:

Enemy's main force with Canby, Steele, Granger, and A. J. Smith moving toward eastern shore, near Mobile. Force about Evergreen can therefore be only cavalry.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Selma:

Force reported advancing via Gadsden must be mere demonstration. It is believed Lyon's brigade and mounted Reserves you have in that direction can meet and repel force referred to. Pontoons are required for crossing at Finch's Ferry and cannot be sent to Selma. If Captain Morris is energetic he can establish bridge at Selma from other sources. It must be done, if possible-steam ferries are too slow for emergency. Presume you are in telegraphic communication with Greenville. What

