
gomery railroad at Evergreen. A raid advancing from North and another from Northeast Alabama toward Selma and Montgomery. Another threatening prairie region from Memphis. My intention is to meet and whip these detached columns before they can advance far into the country or unite with each other. If successful in this reference I will be able to use my force in keeping open communications with Mobile or reopening them if in meantime interrupted. I hope to protect our main interests here and personal communications.

Respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 27, 1865.

Captain WINSTON,

Commanding Scouting Party:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send scouts in direction of Canoe Station and Weatherford's to watch closely and see if the enemy turns from Pollard in this direction, giving timely notice of their movements and strength. You will caution your scouts not be deceived by a small body of men and not to make false reports, which if they should do you will arrest them and send them here. With the remainder of your command you will keep in communication with General Liddell and give any information as to a move of the enemy on the left flank across Bay Minette Creek above Sibley's. You will be vigilant and active, as probably the safety of this command depends upon you. Establish a place for your headquarters and keep couriers there to communicate with General Liddell.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 27, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile:

Enemy have returned from Evergreen toward Pollard. Don't move Colonel Miles unless it is certain that the enemy are about to turn his position. You may rely in few days upon vigorous and active assistance from the outside.

By order:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 27, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General MAURY:

GENERAL: The enemy made repeated attacks this morning in strong lines of skirmishers, but have been repulsed around the whole lines, with little loss to us and heavy loss to him. The Reserves are doing handsomely. Slocomb knocked one of the enemy's batteries all to pieces. We are all in good spirits, and confident.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Liddell.)

