
not sent an officer to General Adams to confer and make arrangements about forage, &amp;c., one from him will meet you at Tuscaloosa.

By order:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Selma:

General Chalmers, with two brigades, is moving direct for Selma. General Forrest, with three brigades, via Tuscaloosa, is intercepting the raid from above. If he has not sent an officer to confer with you, you had better send one to meet him at Tuscaloosa. By order:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Macon, March 27, 1865.

Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The application for transportation hence to West Point was based upon an order of Lieutenant-General Forrest, to send forward my command immediately and come on by the first railroad train myself. I take some members of my staff with me for the purpose of arranging for encampment, &c., before the arrival of my command. General Forrest's order embraced Colonel Scott's command and the two regiments of my brigade which have arrived. They marched last evening and I shall proceed by the first train this morning, none having passed up since the receipt of General Forrest's order. As I cannot say whether the immediate emergency exists which would justify my application for Government transportation, we will pay the railroad charges ourselves.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMIES,March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General J. A. EARLY,

Commanding, &c., Wytheville, Va.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that he has received a letter from General Echols, written before your arrival in Western Virginia, in which it is stated that the enemy's advance from Knoxville is reported to have begun. The general desires that you concentrate all the force you can collect, and endeavor to delay the progress of the enemy as much as possible. General Echols reports that the remnant of Wharton's command is at Dublin, and the general also desires you to get the two regiments formerly commanded by General Reynolds, which were reported to him to have returned from the Army of Tennessee with which they were once serving, and to be in West Virginia. They formerly belonged to Floyd's command and got with the southern

