
MERIDIAN, March 28, 1865.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS, West Point:

In addition to reporting to General Forrest, the lieutenant-general commanding directs that you will report all movements of enemy in your front to these headquarters. Denis' Reserves will be sent to you at once.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,March 29, 1865. (Received 11 a. m.)

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Secretary of War:

General R. Taylor telegraphs from Meridian on the 28th that the enemy has thrown a large force ashore on eastern side of Mobile Bay, leaving nothing on west side; that he is ready to receive any attack he may make at Mobile. Enemy's cavalry from Florida coast has struck Montgomery railroad, at Evergreen. Raiding expeditions are advancing from North and Northeast Alabama toward Selma and Montgomery, and another threatening prairie region from Memphis. General Taylor will endeavor to destroy these detached columns before they advance far into the country or unite. He will use his force in keeping open communications with Mobile or in reopening them if interrupted.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,March 29, 1865. (Received 11.22.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have relieved General Early from the Department of Western Virginia, and for the present the command of one district will devolve upon General Echols, the other upon General Lomax. I am at a loss how to supply General Early's place. I have a high opinion of General Hood, but fear his physical condition and other consideration would diminish his usefulness in that department. I think that General Beauregard might be spared for that department, if under all circumstances he would answer.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,March 29, 1865. (Received 5.30 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Vaughn's scouts report that Stoneman with about 4,000 cavalry passed Elizabethtown, on the Watauga, and is going up the Watauga. He may intend to cross to Lenoir to the Yadkin or turn down New River into Grayson and the Lead Mines. The chief of bureau should give orders for safety of their property.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

March 29, 1865. (Received 30th.)

Lieutenant General J. A. EARLY:

I desire you to turn over the command in Southwest Virginia and East Tennessee to Brigadier General John Echols, and of the Valley District

