
to Major-General Lomax. I will address you a letter to your house in Franklin Country, to which you can return and await further orders.

R. E. LEE,

General.

MERIDIAN, March 29, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Selma:

From Baldwyn scouts report the force at Eastport embarking with tents and baggage on 26th. Twenty-two transports went down Tennessee River on 27th. Nothing new from direction of Collierville.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 29, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR:

(Deliver on arrival of passengers from west.)

DEMOPOLIS, ALA.

Following dated 9 a. m. to-day from General Maury: "Force around Spanish Fort probably 10,000, besides force near Blakely. Re-enforcements have landed about Hollywood. I have ordered Colonel Miles to act on information he may receive. I can get no information from Steele's command. Firing resumed this morning at Spanish Fort. Total casualties so far about ninety, most of them slight. Enemy's iron-clad on bar of Apalachee, disabled."

Colonel Rains authorizes Major McCall to draw on Columbus and Macon Arsenal. Dispatch from General Lee of 27th and General Pillow of 28th. Operator at Selma can furnish copies; also dispatch of Captain Benton, superintendent arsenal, Macon, Ga.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Sipsey Bridge, March 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs that you leave one commissioned officer with twenty men here for the purpose of guarding the three crossings, this bridge and Carter's and Colter's Ferries, one above and one below. They will remain here until day after to-morrow morning, when they will bury the two men who have been shot here at the bridge to-day, then follow on and report to their commands at Marion, Ala. If not there, to report wherever the command may be. Should the officer left behind catch other deserters he will take them to the bridge and execute them. The ferry above is one-half mile from there; the one below is two miles.

I am, general, yours, &amp;c.,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, March 29, 1865.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding District of the Gulf, Mobile:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that if there is no enemy on the western side of the bay, Colonel Maury's command

