
MARCH 29, 1865.

General LIDDELL, Blakely:

I have 2,688 total present; aggregate present, 2,888; number of guns, 2,325; 24 public and 10 private negroes. Our casualties up to this evening are 30 killed, 119 wounded, and 1 missing.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOLTZCLAW,

Commanding Advance:

GENERAL: As heretofore mentioned, our scouts report a force of the enemy moving from Montgomery Hill in this direction. As you have Lieutenant O. Sibley with you he can inform you concerning all roads by which the enemy may approach, and General Liddell directs that you keep yourself well posted as to their movements. The general further directs that you withdraw the base of your advance regiment to Sibley's Bridge, leaving your pickets in their present position, so that the enemy will not be informed of your withdrawal of the reserve of this regiment, as by concentrating your force you will be able to repel the enemy's force. Captain Winston's company of scouts is on your left and rear, toward Stockton, and General Cockrell has placed a regiment on the Stockton road in support of this company. Keep the Pensacola road picketed and scouted to prevent enemy getting in the rear of your advance skirmish line at Cyrus Sibley's Bridge. Captain Winston has just reported the advance of the enemy, consisting of between 50 and 100 cavalry; was at Bay Minette Station this afternoon at 3 o'clock.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 30, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

The telegraph operator at Greensborough reports to-day that Stoneman with force 4,000 strong was reported at Patterson's Factory, on Yadkin River, west of Salisbury, last night. This morning at 9 a. m. lost current from Charlotte; supposed they have struck road below Salisbury, making way to this point. You will be able to judge better than myself the probability of this report, and of the proper directions to be given in view of it.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMIES,March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant General J. A. EARLY,

Franklin Court-House, Va.:

GENERAL: My telegram will have informed you that I deem a change of commanders in your department necessary, but it is due to your zealous and patriotic services that I should explain the reasons that prompted my action. The situation of affairs is such that we can neglect no means calculated to develop the resources we possess to the

