
greatest extent, and make them as efficient as possible. To this end it is essential that we should have the cheerful and hearty support of the people and the full confidence of the soldiers, without which our efforts would be embarrassed and our means of resistance weakened. I have reluctantly arrived at the conclusion that you cannot command the united and willing co-operation which is so essential to success. Your reverses in the Valley, of which the public and the army judge chiefly by the results, have, I fear, impaired your influence both with the people and the soldiers, and would add greatly to the difficulties which will, under any circumstances, attend our military operations in Southwestern Virginia. While my own confidence in your ability, zeal, and devotion to the cause is unimpaired, I have nevertheless felt that I could not oppose what seems to be the current of opinion, without injustice to your reputation and injury to the service. I therefore felt constrained to endeavor to find a commander who would be more likely to develop the strength and resources of the country and inspire the soldiers with confidence, and to accomplish this purpose I thought it proper to yield my own opinion, and defer to that of those to whom alone we can look for support. I am sure that you will understand and appreciate my motives, and that no one will be more ready than yourself to acquiesce in any measures which the interest of the country may seem to require, regardless of all personal considerations.

Thanking you for the fidelity and energy with which you have always supported my efforts, and for the courage and devotion you have ever manifested in the service of the country, I am, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, March 30, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Commanding Prisoners, &amp;c., Augusta, Ga.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Scammon, commanding U. S. forces at Jacksonville, has agreed to receive and receipt for prisoners of war paroled for exchange. I presume the prisoners now at Andersonville will be sent there without delay. If so, Captain Dyke's company Florida Light Artillery, now at Andersonville, may be spared; and, if so, I am anxious to have it in this district for service at Saint Mark's. There are urgent reasons why there should be an additional company there. I believe the company is under your orders; if so, may I ask that you will order it to report to me as soon as the prisoners are removed from Andersonville.

Very respectfully, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 30, 1865.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your dispatch of the 29th received. I learn that General Morgan is now with his brigade in North Carolina, and refer the question of his assignment, as requested by you, to General Lee. I am cheered by your assurances and thankful for your efforts.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

