
III. Let every officer and man resolve to do his whole duty, to stand firm at his post, and to make the enemy pay dearly in blood for every inch he may advance, and by the blessing of Heaven we shall continue those successes which so far with scarcely any loss crowned your efforts.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Nine Miles from Centreville, on Montevallo Road,

March 30, 1865-2 p. m.

Private A. P. Glass, Company G, First Mississippi Cavalry, will proceed to James Hill's, sr., by the way of Scottsville. When he meets General Jackson's command he will turn it back to Mr. Hill's, where General Jackson will find orders for his movements. Should Brigadier-General Bell or Campbell be in the advance of General Jackson they will turn back, as above directed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ALABAMA CORPS OF CADETS,March 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division of Forrest's Army:

MY DEAR SIR: Under your orders the horses belonging to the battery of the Corps of Cadets have been impressed. Against this proceeding I most respectfully protest, upon the following grounds: First. That State property is not subject to impressment. Now, these horses, as far as the battery is concerned, belong absolutely to the State, and are subject at all times to the order of the superintendent of the corps. To save the expense of feeding, they were allowed by the Governor to be used for their keeping when not in the actual service of the battery. If you desire to see the instrument signed by the Governor to the above effect it is at your call. Second. The Legislature of the State passed an act placing the corps under the orders of the Governor for State defense, and requiring him to have them kept in readiness for marching at a moment's warning. They have been so kept, and on three different occasions they have been ordered out, and were able to respond to the call without the delay of an hour. I have at this juncture of affairs received notice from the Governor to hold the corps in complete equipment for marching to any point in the State designated. I received information but a few days ago from a private source in Montgomery that the Governor expected to order the corps to Selma or to Mobile as soon as the plans of the enemy developed. By every mail I have been expecting orders to march. Now, with what military courtesy or legal propriety can you disable and throw out of service the most efficient arms of this corps? We are fighting for a mere chimera if any officer of the Confederate Government can thus disband the only State force which Alabama has - the only which she has taken the pride to equip entirely at her own cost, and to keep exclusively under her Governor's orders for her defense. Besides, this is a nursery for officers of the Army, in the maintenance of which the Confederate Government has so large an interest as to have induced every Secretary of War to

