
exempt its members from conscription in the Army. We annually send about 200 youth, well drilled in infantry and artillery, into the field. How are we to instruct our cadets in artillery without horses? Third. Every Confederate officer who has sent impressing agents to this community has respected this property of the State. I have now before me the order of the lamented Polk when he was chief of this department, forbidding all impressing agents to interfere with our battery. I hope that on maturer reflection you will pursue a like course. Fourth. You have the right to impress from citizens. I have not. These horses I cannot possibly replace. You can substitute them with others which are not like these, subject to military duty and in hourly expectation of a call to march to the front. If no other consideration, that of the helpless condition in which the corps is placed should induce you to forbear the execution of your order. And in regard to two wagon horses which belong to the mess hall, and which are daily engaged in hauling our fuel and provisions, allow me to say that destitute as I am of the power of impressment, I know not how I shall feed the corps if they are also taken away. It does seem to me when you consider these statements that every consideration of propriety and every principle of law ought to induce you to respect the rights and wishes of the State.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

L. C. GARLAND,

Colonel and Superintendent.

MERIDIAN, March 31, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Selma:

Forrest's command all crossed. Ordered special train last night to bring the pontoons. Your orders with regard to ammunition from Georgia anticipated yesterday.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, March 31, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile:

General Buford reports he has opened communication with river from Greenville. No enemy moving toward Claiborne, but are operating at and below Pollard toward Tensas.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 31, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff:

General Gibson has just telegraphed me the following:

Captain Clement S. Watson, of my staff, and A. E. Newton, Company E, Fourth Louisiana Battalion, led a sortie at sunset and drove the enemy from his advance on Battery 3; killed a large number and captured 1 captain and 21 enlisted men. These brave comrades deserve the thanks and have entitled themselves to the admiration of this army.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

