
them if you will gather them up. A siege train will open upon this position and the main works should be worked upon during the day as well as the skirmish line, when it can be done.

By order of Brigadier-General Gibson:

GEORGE NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Spanish Fort, March 31, 1865.

The commanding officer desires to thank Captain C. S. Watson and Lieutenant A. E. Newton and their brave comrades of Gibson's brigade for the heroic and successful sortie made upon the enemy's advance line. He assures them of the admiration of this army.

Respectfully,

GEORGE NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, March 31, 1865.

COLONEL COMMANDING INFANTRY AT SIBLEY'S HOUSE:

COLONEL: The enemy is about fifteen miles distant, near the railroad above us, and will probably advance to-morrow morning, in view of which General Liddell directs that you withdraw your advance pickets to-night from front of enemy to Sibley's Creek, where you now are. You will direct the officer in charge of the squad with subterra shells to plant them at once, except in the road, where they will not be placed until the last moment, leaving a vedette in the road to inform any of our men coming in of the necessity of keeping in the middle of the road. It is necessary for you to concentrate your command in order to be ready to move to the works with the artillery, or resist the enemy where you are should he come in your front and not from above. You will also burn the Sibley Bridge should he be able to drive you from the creek.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Scottsville, March 31, 1865-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that you will move on to this point without halting, where you will feed your command and then move on to-night to Centreville, as it is important that you should reach that point with as little delay as possible, and that he will have further entrenched at Centreville or the Cahawba bridge on your arrival.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The enemy are reported to have arrived at Montevallo this morning; but nothing definite.

J. P. S.

