HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Six Miles from Montevallo, March 31, 1865-6 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Since the dispatch of 2 p. m. of this date, per Lieutenant Glass, the lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that the enemy are moving right on down the railroad with their wagon train and artillery. He directs that you follow down after them, taking the road behind them from Montevallo down. He further directs me to say that he does not wish you to bring on a general engagement, as he thinks their force is much strong than yours; and an engagement should be avoided unless you find the balance of our forces in supporting distance of you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Tuscaloosa, Ala., March 31, 1865.

Colonel L. C. GARLAND,

Superintendent Alabama Cadet Corps:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 30th, received last night, I have the honor to inform you that the impressment of the horses heretofore used for the artillery of the Corps of Cadets is made by the order of Lieutenant-General Forrest, which order I feel bound to obey as closely as any other that he will give me. I would add that I consider the taking of these horses as clear a case of military necessity as any that has come under my observation. The two wagon horses used for mess hall I will have returned if you will send some [one] over to point them out. Permit me to assure you, colonel, that there is no one who appreciates more highly than I the great advantages of a military school, and especially of one that has attained the state of perfection yours has. I should be far from interfering with the horses, if acting on my own responsibility; but I am but a subordinate, and feel compelled to see the orders of General Forrest executed.

Hoping that my explanation is sufficient to show the part I bear in the transaction, and will be satisfactory to you, I remain, colonel, very respectfully,

[WM. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Macon, April 1, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: General R. E. Lee's amnesty proclamation was published in the papers of Mississippi on the 14th of March; but in the publication there is not, it seems to me, sufficient notice of the time when the twenty days commences, and I fear it is not understood, for the original date of the order is published and nothing but the printer' mark (of March 14) shows the actual date of its publication in your department. This will cause misconception by the ignorant and illiterate. I respectfully request that you publish an order on the subject, and I would suggest that it would avail much for the service if you could so order that the

