HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 1, 1865.

Colonel McCOWN,

Commanding Outposts, Saluda Hill:

COLONEL: The batteries of Captain Grayson upon our right on Bay Minette have been doing great execution, and General Gibson and Colonel Patton have urgently requested that they be placed in their former position. In view of this fact General Liddell has ordered the batteries to return, and directs that you hold your position on Saluda Hill and your pickets at Sibley's Bridge until the last moment, thereby enabling the batteries to be withdrawn, which must be done at all hazard should the enemy advance, or endeavor to cut them off.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. D. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 1, 1865.

General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Federal cavalry force numbering 2,500 crossed the Black Warrior at Richardson's Ferry, in Jefferson County, to-night. They are moving very rapidly. They acknowledge a defeat. Four miles from the place where you halted the column the Federals stopped, picketed the roads, and in the course of two hours placed the column in motion.

T. T. LAND,

Harvey's Scouts.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Canton, Miss., April 1, 1865.

Captain W. A. PERCY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from Brigadier-General Hodge, i took the Ninth Texas Regiment of my command and proceeded to investigate the cases of "delinquents" said to be in and around Canton, Miss. I had a careful examination of the entire community, officers, soldiers, and citizens, and am glad to report that none were found who were absent from their command without proper authority, with exception of a few who were in charge of the civil authorities. Those whom I had arrested and found their authority correct, I approved their papers and released them. I found Captain Archer, the efficient post commander, to be an officer of energy, and had done his duty, and am led to believe from my own investigation and statements of Captain Archer, that these "many delinquents" reported to you are men and officers who have been ordered to hospitals and have medical certificates in their possession.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

