
was sent toward Greenville and was captured with the train at Evergreen. The balance of the machinery was left at Tensas Landing, with the view of shipping it on the Alabama River to Selma. Steam transports and barges are continually moving Government property from Selma to Montgomery, and it is the general impression that Selma will not be defended.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 75. Barrancas, March 28, 1865.

* * * *

2. The steamer Matamoras will be immediately reloaded with provisions for Major-General Steele's army, the same in kind and quantity as order in paragraph 4, Special Ordes, no, 71, current series, from these headquarters, and sent up the Escambia River to Pollard, provided with a pilot familiar with the navigation of the Escambia River. Colonel E. W. Woodman, Second Maine Cavalry, will furnish a guard of 100 dismounted men of his regiment, well officered, armed, and provided with three days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition, to report on board steamer Matamoras at daybreak to-morrow morning. The steamer will return as soon as the provisions have been turned over to the army of Major-General Steele.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Asboth:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Four Miles west of head of Perdido River, Ala.,

March 28, 1865-9 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

A bearer of dispatches leaves for your headquarters to-night. I have the honor to forward the following report: On the 25th instant we met a brigade composed of the Sixth and Eighth Alabama Cavalry, under command of Brigadier-General Clanton, between the Escambia and Canoe Creek; charged, and rove them in all directions, capturing General Clanton, who was severely wounded, 18 other officers, and 101 enlisted men, 1 battle-flag, belonging to the Sixth Alabama Cavalry, with a number of horses and arms. the destruction of the bridge over the Escambia prevented my whole force going on to Pollard. I sent one squadron. A force of infantry pushed forward to that point, but found few of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling with his command struck the railroad four miles above Evergreen and destroyed the track at that place and at other places. He captured two trains, with 125 prisoners, with horses, and railroad employes, and joined our column at Pollard with no loss. Our loss in the fight of the 25th was very slight. The forces we have met are completely disorganized and scattered. I destroyed the Mobile railroad bridge over the Escambia, four miles this side of Pollard. We left Canoe Station this morning en route for Blakely. Our forage is entirely exhausted, and the country affords but an insufficient supply. Our rations also are nearly consumed, and Major-General Steele desires that supplies may be in readiness for the

