HEADQUARTERS,Spanish Fort, April 2, 1865-8 a. m.

Major-General MAURY:

I recommend that Captain Clement S. Watson, Company K, Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiment, be promoted to be major of that regiment, for the singular skill and valor with which he conducted a sortie against the enemy on the 31st instant. The majority is vacant.

R. L. GIBSON.
HEADQUARTERS,Spanish Fort, April 2, 1865-8 a. m.

General LIDDELL:

The two blockaders have gone. They were detained by one being aground, and the other was used to unload her and drag her off.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 2, 1865-8.40 a. m.

General GIBSON,

Spanish Fort:

The enemy is now showing himself in my front, skirmishing on my left in front of General Cockrell. Have nothing but light pieces and not enough of them by half. How are you doing?

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Spanish Fort, April 2, 1865-9.30 a. m.

General LIDDELL:

Enemy firing 8-inch mortars on all the batteries and using heavier guns and increasing their number. He is now erecting a heavy battery upon my extreme right, which will give me great trouble. He is also developing in the extensive woody flats upon my right and left flanks and presses forward his zigzags and parallels closer and closer every day. When I get the main line complete I shall begin counter-approaches, but my men are too few for the long line and immense work to do. Don't let the enemy get close to you to begin with, as he was enabled to do here.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Spanish Fort, April 2, 1865-2 p. m.

General MAURY:

Enemy's sharpshooters firing from the flats on the flanks in the direction of the bay. I shall have a great deal of work to do here that I had not anticipated. His zigzags are pressing up supported by parallels filled with troops. He is using 8-inch mortars vigorously, but without result. He has erected several batteries of heavy guns and at

