
of this brigade and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Hodge for duty. Is there no arrangement you can make by which I can get some blank reports, &amp;c.? If so, please send me some-a few, at least.

Very respectfully, &c.,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY POST,Tuscaloosa, Ala., April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of Central Alabama:

GENERAL: I send you inclosed a copy of dispatch* received at 5 p. m. from Brigadier-General Jackson. Mr. Freeman, a citizen of Northport, has just arrived from the vicinity of New Lexington (twenty-six miles north of this place), and reports that 7,000 infantry and some cavalry were encamped at Eldridge Post-Office (fifty-five miles north of Tuscaloosa) night before last. Mr. Freeman gets his information from Doctor Randolph, who states that he saw a Mr. Purdy, from the immediate vicinity of Eldridge, who saw the enemy's camps. It is proper to state here that Mr. Purdy gave his information to Mr. James McDonald, who reported these facts to Mr. Freeman. Judge Davis, a well-known citizen of this place, knows these men and vouches for their reliability. All that I am able to learn regarding this force is from reports of citizens. I have scouts upon the road and will give you the first reliable information I receive.

Very respectfully,

A. B. HARDCASTLE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

COLUMBUS, April 2, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

Many negroes offered daily to volunteer. Could raise a brigade in a short time. Have telegraphed twice on the subject. Please answer.

L. VON ZINKEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 8, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Please answer and confer authority as decided on at Richmond to raise companies. Officers to be appointed hereafter.

J. D.

MERIDIAN, April 3, 1865.

Colonel W. M. LEVY,

District Headquarters, Mobile:

Yankees entered Selma yesterday evening; Forrest had no engagement with him. General will be here to-day. Will telegraph more fully.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

