
DALTON, March 17, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A report has reached me that just as the train was leaving Tunnel Hill a demand for the surrender of the position was made by some rebel force. Inasmuch as the telegraph wires are intact I send by return train 150 men, rather upon principle that they will be required.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 66. Nashville, Tenn., March 17, 1865.

* * * * *

III. One hundred and forty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry having been assigned to this command will proceed by rail to Huntsville and report to Colonel C. C. Doolittle for duty in District of Northern Alabama.

IV. The Sixty-first Illinois Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail to Franklin and relieve the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, now on duty at that place and block-houses in the vicinity. Upon being relieved the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry will proceed by rail to Murfreesborough and report to Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve. The horses or officers and regimental transportation of each regiment with small escort will march.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Bousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 60. Knoxville, Tenn., March 17, 1865.

* * * * *

III. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, the cavalry forces now serving in this District of East Tennessee will constitute a division to be denominated, until further orders, Cavalry Division, District of East Tennessee, and commanded by Brigadier General A. C. Gillem. The First Brigade, Colonel William J. Palmer's, will consist of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania, the Twelfth Ohio, and Tenth Michigan Cavalry Regiments. The Second Brigade, Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General Brown's, will consist of the Eleventh Michigan and Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry Regiments. The Third Brigade, Colonel J. K. Miller's, will consist of the Eighth, Ninth, and Thirteenth Regiments Tennessee Cavalry.

IV. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, the infantry and artillery now serving in this district will constitute a division to be denominated Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland, to consist of two brigades and to be commanded by Brigadier General Davis Tillson. The First Brigade, Colonel C. G. Hawley's, will consist of First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery, First U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry, Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, Fourth Tennessee

