
command at some convenient point where it shall reach your communications. I have sent a force to-night to make a reconnaissance to Montgomery Hill, which I believe will be successful. We may obtain some forage from near the Alabama River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., March 28, 1865.

Colonel H. DAVIS,

Commanding Detachment Cavalry Division, Collierville, Tenn.:

I have the honor to forward you the following orders for your guidance: The troops of your command will be located as follows: One regiment Second Brigade, at Germantown; one regiment Second Brigade, at Collierville; one regiment Second Brigade, at La Fayette; one regiment First Brigade, at Moscow; the First Mississippi Mounted Rifles at any important bridge, if needed, and the remainder of the First Brigade at La Grange. Each regiment will send patrols in each direction to meet those of the two regiments adjacent to them. These patrols should change the hours of leaving camp and the consequent hours of meeting the other patrol daily. Additional orders of the major-general commanding regarding the treatment of citizens will be published in a day or two, and must be rigidly enforce in each command. Each reigment thus detached, forming as it will a separate command, must use extreme vigilance to prevent surprise and to capture any prowling bands of soldiers or thieves. You will each afternoon in time for the train make up a statement of operations during the previous twenty-four hours, rumors, information of the enemy, &amp;c., and send same to these headquarters. All communications of a military character will be sent to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry Division.

CITY POINT, VA., March 29, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Richmond papers of to-day have been received. The Dispatch says:

FROM GEORGIA.

AUGUSTA, March 25.

The Yankees burned, destroyed, and evacuated Dalton several days ago. About 1,000 of Wofford's cavalry moved eighteen miles above on a tour of observation. Wofford is supposed to have 6,000 men in his command. The Ranger, a new Confederate man-of-war, is cruising on the ocean. Two Yankee vessels have been dispatched to watch her the coast.

FROM MISSISSIPPI.-AN ORDER FROM GENERAL TAYLOR.-REMOVAL OF COTTON.-YANKEE RAID.

AUGUSTA, March 25.

General Taylor has issued an order declaring that in future the field and line officers of all command sin his department shall be held personally responsible for damages committed by the soldiers upon public and private property. Two transports came up the Big Black river nine miles, from Canton, miss., and removed the cotton placed on the bank for Government purposes. Our troops did not interfere with the movement.

