
pounds of lead or an equivalent, twenty-five solid shot and shell, or six mortar shells, allowing one men only from each command to be absent at a time.

Ii. Any men detached in destroying serviceable cartridges, either our own or such of the enemy's that fall into our hands, will be severely punished and deprived of the privilege of the order.

III. All missiles must bear undoubted signs of having been thrown by the enemy.

IV. It is the duty of brigade ordnance to see that all other lead found along our lines damaged cartridges, &amp;c., is collected and brought in daily to the ordnance department.

V. It is hereafter forbidden that a single one of the recruits recently attached to Gibsion's brigade be allowed, on any pretext or at any time, night or day, to go beyond the main line of works. Officers and men are hereby expressly ordered to fire on and arrest any one of these men attempting to pass beyond the main works. A furlough of thirty days will be granted to any man who many arrest one of these men or any man attempting to desert to the enemy, to ruin ourselves and our country by giving information to those who seek to destroy our lives and homes. A secret police should be organized in each company to watch them, detect, and kill them at once.

VI. The general commanding announces to the troops that he will give any officer or soldier who captures a prisoner leave for twenty-four hours.

By command of Brigadier-General Gibson:

GEO. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Canton, Miss., April 4, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In obeying General Orders, Numbers 3, from Headquarters Army of Confederate States, I find several men in my command belonging to regiments in the Trans-Mississippi Department, who have joined my command and have made good soldiers. They desire to remain in this department and with this brigade. Have forwarded application for transfer, and I would respectfully ask permission to retain them until their applications are returned or heard from . This favor I ask for them and for the good of the service.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Canton, Miss., April 4, 1865.

Captain W. A. PERCY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have this morning ordered Major W. B. Jollee, quartermaster of this brigade, to proceed to Grenada, Miss., and in obedience to orders to report to Brigadier-General

76 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

