
Wright to receive, receipt, and ship to this point corn, &amp;c. Your communication in regard to "holding my command in readiness to move" has been received, and I have directed my scouts to be vigilant and ascertain if any plan for movement is on foot. I am satisfied that no advance can take place without my knowledge, and I will keep you informed and shall move to meet any advance, as their movements may suggest.

Very respectfully,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MERIDIAN, April 4, 1865.

Captain W. HOUGH,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Columbus:

Dispatch from Henderson's scouts says enemy estimated at 1,500 reached Tuscaloosa this morning at 2 o'clock. Had burned one factory. Hasten General Adams' movement. He will put himself promptly in communication with these scouts, who were at Romulus, thirteen miles west Tuscaloosa this morning, and govern his line of march by movements of the enemy, endeavoring to strike him before he reaches Demplois, if such is his object. The scouts, &c., in North Mississippi will of course be left. Answer when General Adams will move.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 4, 1865.

Major JOHN S. HOPE,

Demopolis:

Following just received. Send it to General Forrest promptly as possible:

ROMULUS, THIRTEEN MILES WEST TUSCALOOSA, ALA.,

April 4, 1865-9 a. m.

Enemy in force, supposed by Colonel Garvin, of Twenty-sixth Alabama, 1,500, reached Tuscaloosa 2 o'clock this morning. Crossed Black Warrior at Rocky Ford and came down west side of river, crossed over bridge into the town, and burned Kirkman, Haus & Co,'s factory.

W. M. McCONNELL,

Lieutenant, Henderson Scouts.

Wirt Adams will be ordered to move promptly from Columbus.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, April 5, 1865.

His Excellency Governor ChARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

SIR: The enemy's movements in Alabama having withdrawn in that direction for the moment the bulk of our forces, it is possible he may take advantage of their absence and send out small raids from Memphis, Vicksburg, or Natches. Yo meet that contingency I respectfully request you to instruct the officers in command of your militia, called out for the purpose of catching deserters, to report to and obey any

