
calls made upon them for assistance by the following officers, to wit: Those in counties adjacent to Northern Mississippi to Colonel McCulloch, commanding above West Point; those in counties adjacent to Northwest Mississippi to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding at Grenada, those in counties adjacent to West Mississippi to Brigadier-General Hodge, commanding officer at Jackson; those in Southwest Mississippi to Colonel Griffith, commanding at Woodville. Be pleased to direct the militia officers to rendezvous their commands for defense at such points as the above-named officers may, respectively, indicate whenever their assistance may be needed. You will understand I do not wish the militia deflected for a moment from the work for which they were especially called out unless it is necessary in order to repel a raid actually in progress, but simply wish you to now issue such instructions to your officers as will enable them to respond promptly, without referring the matter to you in the event of their assistance ever being required for the purpose named. Your communication relative to General R. E. Lee's amnesty order was received, and I have, in view of the facts therein stated, issued an order extending the time of the amnesty to the 15th of this month.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

DANVILLE, April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General J. B. Hood:

Proceed to Texas as heretofore ordered.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MERIDIAN, April 5, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile:

The Fact of Davidson's raid last December induces belief that enemy may again attempt in same way to cut communication with Mobile. Have made such dispositions as are possible to secure earliest information of any such movement. You should also so dispose your scouts as to insure same end in event of other sources failing, as it will be important to same rolling-stock in case enemy makes the movement referred to.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDAN, April 5, 1865.

Colonel W. M. LEVY,

District Headquarters, Mobile:

Documents received. Many thinks. Have private letters for you from trans-Mississippi. What shall I do with them? Another small column of the enemy been found at Tuscaloosa. Have order Wirt Adams to strike his flank.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

