
III. Six of these 10-inch shells entitles a man to thirty-six hours' leave of absence.

By command of Brigadier-General Gibson:

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Captain and Ordnance Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY,Spanish Fort, April 5, 1865.

Captain C. H. SLOCOMB:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding, deeming it a matter of great importance that the enemy's working parties should be retreated in their operations, you will open upon them along your line with guns and mortars. Should you, however, bawd so doing drawn upon you a greatly superior artillery fire, and one which you cannot silence without too great risk of dismounting your guns, will cease firing and put your guns and men under cover. To accomplished your object it is necessary that you should call for strong supports as sharpshooters, and see that they open on enemy's sharpshooters, to enable you to work your guns with effect.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. W. PATTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,April 5, 1865.

Colonel SPENCE,

Commanding Armistead's Brigade:

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from district headquarters, through General Liddell, you will be ready with your command to move to Mobile on the first boat to-morrow morning. Your pickets will be relieved by Colonel Barry and Major Wofford.

By order of Brigadier-General Cockrell:

J. A. SHINGLER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Doctor Jones', near Marion:

At Mobile everything goes on well. Yankees have gained nothing thus far. All quiet in Mississippi, save that about 100 yankees dashed into Holly Springs at daylight this morning; captured Major B. S. Crump, the provost guard, and telegraphed instrument.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 5, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Marion, Ala.:

Your messages of yesterday just received. Returned from Mobile this morning. Will leave by first train for Department and push on by most practicable route to join you. Have pontoon already laid at Demopolis. Will send you arms rapidly as possible. Have but few left. Give them

