
to your best men. Wirt Adams left Columbus this morning with 1,500 men to join you at Marion via Pickensville. He may have to stop to fight raid that entered Tuscaloosa at daybreak yesterday. It is useless to fight enemy until we are strong to whip him. Hang on his flanks and rear, cut off small parties, and delay his movements till you can get your whole force in hand. Am trying to save property at Demopolis. Have no idea of fighting there. Several hundred of Armstrong's men are reported to have reached Cahawba. Where is General Dan. Adams? Answer to Demopolis this evening.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

Operator at Demopolis will signal Adams, at Uniontown, and see there is no danger of enemy getting there before he sends it. Direct Adams to show to on one, to seal it securely, and forward by reliable courier immediately to General Forrest.

W. F. BULLOCK, HJR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,At Doctor Jones', April 5, 1865-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say the privilege granted on yesterday to exchange broken-down horses for serviceable ones for cavalry is hereby revoked, and you will at once recall any orders granting such privileges for men in cavalry to exchange, as he finds it has so far been injurious, and besides, he has nol authority to give an order to force citizens to exchange. But you will continue to exchange or impress such horses and mules that may be required for the use of the artillery, ordnance, and transportation train only. For other purposes he does not feel authorized, even under the emergency.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Marion Junction, April 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred as information to Brigadier-Generals Bell and Campbell. They will call in all parties sent on this duty and inform the command of the same, so that no other application will be sent up for approval.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 5, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Doctor Jones' House:

It is presumed you have already taken steps to ascertain direction of enemy's movements from Selma. If not, do so immediately, and report soon as possible. Send any information you may have to Demopolis to-night.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

