
OFFICE SELMA AND MERIDIAN RAILROAD,

Uniontown, Ala., April 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON:

SIR: I understand that you have established your headquarters on the line of this road at Doctor Jones', and have there a telegraph office Permit me to suggest that you authorize or instruct the operator at this point to furnish me any news which you may receive as to the movements of the enemy. I advise this course because in the first place there is a Government depot here, in which is stored a large amount of Government cotton ordered to be burned when the emergency requires it. In the next place our planters, whose negroes and teams should be faithfully employed in putting in a strop, are stampeding with causeless faring. Had they some reliable means of information this would not be the case, but they would retain at its important labor the force which will otherwise remain idle and useless. You will appreciate this reason, for unless the crop be planted starvation will work out the aims of our enemies. I write you over my official signature, that you may have some warrant to confide in my discretion and loyalty, and rest assured that I shall make nothing public unless its publicity will evidently benefit the cause if the Confederacy.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES L. PRICE,

President.

MACON, April 6, 1865.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The movements in Alabama put in immediate danger arsenals and public stores at Columbus, Ga., and this place, as well as the resources in Southwestern Georgia. These important interests require more means of defense that I have with militia. Might raise six thousand men. It is desirable I should know whether other force will be sent here, and such other information as you deem proper.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

DANVILLE, VA., April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR, Meridian, Miss.:

Well acquainted with the district south of the Homochitto, and with Brigadier-General Hodge, I decided that he was, of those available for the purpose, best suited to that command, and assigned him to it. He should have been sustained in that position by the district commander. Brigadier-General Humphreys has been ordered to succeed to the same command, and will not be removed without authority from the War Department.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

DANVILLE, VA., April 6, 1865.

Brigadier General B. G. HUMPHREYS, Tuskegee, Ala.:

Hearing that you are about to start for Virginia, I infer that you have not received your order of assignment to command in district south of the Homochitto. There is present need for you there, Brigadier-General Hodge been relieved.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

