HEADQUARTERS, Meridian, April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,Demopolis:

Have no information from Tuscaloosa, raid necessitating change of order about the boat from Gainesville. Save artillery ammunition, which don's imagine Forrest needs, it contains only supplies of minor importance. Not knowing his wants, however, it is ordered down. Arms and ammunition leave here by rail to-morrow. Everything going on well at Mobile, but General Maury again calling for entrenching tools, especially spades and shovels.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM M. LEAVY,

District Headquarters, Mobile:

See than Sam. Duncan returns promptly on time. You will understand it is to his advantage to do so. Think the enemy have crossed river at Selma and going east, but have nothing definite.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 6, 1865.

Colonel G. G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff, Mobile:

General Gibson telegraphs nothing unusual this morning. Enemy still pressing forward his approaches. Ask for a company of sappers and miners. Enemy at this place keeps up constant firing throughout the night with skirmishers, and is busily engaged erecting his batteries. Several men wounded during the night by stray shots. Will sent full reports of casualties when they come in.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 6, 1865.

Captain JOHN W. BENNETT,

Commanding Steamer Nashville:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to urgently request you to take your position upon the left flank of General Gibson at once, for the purpose of protecting it and throwing out launches in direction of bay Minette, protecting out telegraphic communications with Spanish Fort. By taking your position near Battery Tracy you will be able to enfilade the enemy's right flank, and render great assistance to General Gibson and myself by depriving the enemy of the use of Bay Minette.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanidng.

