
Lieutenant-Colonel Kirwan, Twelfth Tennessee Federal Cavalry, from General Hatch, U. S. Army, to the effect that his men must not be fired on between Burnsville, Iuka, and Eastport, that is, between railroad and river, which under the agreement with General Forrest he claims as neutral ground. In case this request is not compliment with, he says that he will be compelled to stop the running of the relief train. This message was brought by Mr. Ross, superintendent of the road.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, VA., April 7, 1865.

Lieu. General R. TAYLOR:

(Care of Governor Watts, Montgomery, Ala.)

I have directed General Cobb, in Georgia, as far as practicable to aid in the defense of Alabama. Communicate with him and give the proper instructions, for which purpose your command is extended to embrace Macon and Atlanta, Ga.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

DANVILLE, VA., April 7, 1865.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Your dispatch of April 6 received. Governor Watts asks for help at Montgomery. Says with that can be spared from Georgia can probably save Montgomery, retake Selma, and save Mobile. General Wofford has been notified, at Atlanta, of your views and directed to co-operate with you. You will note the requests of Governor Watts, and as yours discretion indicates operate in conformity thereto. Of the practicability I cannot judge here; the purpose commends itself. Communicate with him.

JEFFERSON DAVIs.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 7, 1865.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Call on the Governor of Georgia for all assistance practicable. Enemy being unprovided with pontoon trains should be prevented from crossing at fords and ferries. Operations here still of an undecided character.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Danville, Va., April 7, 1865.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Yours of 6th received. I have communicated the substance to General Cobb and called upon him to give you all practicable aid. He is directed to communicate with you. May God bless your efforts and give you success.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

