
DANVILLE, VA., April 7, 1865.

General W. T. WOFFORD,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Your dispatch of April 4 received. General Cobb reports Columbus and South western Georgia in danger from enemy in Alabama. Under present circumstances you will co-operate with him in checking the enemy as far toward the west as practicable. A few reliable men with combustible and explosive materials should be employed by you to interfere with Chattanooga and Knoxville Railroad as may thus be possible. I have not access to the War Department at this time, and have no knowledge of such authority to Colonel B. J. Hill as you describe.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MERIDIAN, April 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Demopolis:

Henderson's scouts report from near Tuscaloosa, dated 12 o'clock 5th instant, that enemy left Tuscaloosa at 11 a. m., burned the foundry, factory, and bridge across the Warrior, 1,200 or 1,500 strong, going in direction of Pickensville. They paroled some fifty prisoners. Colonel McCollum reports on 6th scouts report all quiet at Eastport. Hatch still there scouting heavy out to Iuka. General Adams left Pickensville at 7 that morning for Finch's Ferry. Only received these dispatches this morning. Telegraphed immediately to Gainesville to send courier after General Adams with the information contained in first, and orders, if possible, to find and fight that column. Press telegrams received to-day give Northern accounts of strength of the Selma column; say it is three divisions, 5,000 each, Wilson commanding whole. Hatch at Eastport with one division as reserve. Just reported, 8.30 p. m., by operator, enemy thirty miles from Columbus, but don't say in what direction. Nothing yet official.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Demopolis, April 7, 1865.

Rev. W. P. WILSON:

SIR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to state to you that the militia in counties of Sumter, Greene, and Pickens could at this time, by actively scouting the country and arresting all stragglers from the army, be of great service to the cause. He therefore hopes you will use your influence to induce the militia in these counties to pursue the course indicated. The men arrested should be sent to this place and turned overt to Brigader-General Armstrong. It is understood that the counties referred to are being overrun by mounted stragglers, same of whom are taking horses and mules under pretended authority to impress the same. No one except the authority agents of Major E. H. Ewing, chief quartermaster in charge of field transportation, has the right to issue authority to impress. Major E. H. Ewing's agonize will be respected, but all other persons found impressing stock should be arrested and brought to this place for punishment by proper military authority. No person has been authorized by either

