
Lieutenant-General Taylor or Lieutenant-General Forrest to impress horses except in one case, viz, Lieutenant-General Forrest authorized Brigadier-General Jackson to impress a few horses to remove some artillery in an emergency. That emergency has passed, and the effect of the authority so granted has ceased to exist.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 7, 1865.

Captain JAMES FRY, C. S. Navy:

SIR: I would respectfully request that the Nashville or the Morgan will taken position between Tracy and Huger and send picket boats to guard the tread way bridge across Bay Minette; also to make every effort to destroy the bridge which the enemy are using across the mount of Bay Minette Creek. If it is possible to silence the enemy's battery on Bay Minette, I earnestly desire it may be done. Should the Nashville carry out the above instructions, I desire that the Morgan should take position on my left, and fire according to instructions sent Captain Bennett. This to be continued until otherwise ordered, or the object attained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 7, 1865.

Captain J. W. BENNETT,

Commanding Steamer Nashville:

CAPTAIN: General Maury has a secret expedition on foot, and requests that you send launch boats or yawls (capable of conveying fifteen men), with their crews and muffled oars, to report to Captain Frank Moore at the Blakely Wharf at 6 p. m. this day.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Spanish Fort, April 7, 1865-6.15 o'clock.

Major-General MAURY:

All quiet. Enemy failed to attack. He probably discovered I was prepared and on the alert. We got three of his vedettes. These prisoners, as all others, reports two army corps at works against us. Enemy shelled spit and treadway furiously several hours yesterday afternoon. I must have the things I have asked for within the last three days, else disaster may happen. Think of our incomplete works and of the disparity of the force.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Liddell.)

