
MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 7, 1865.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

The enemy, 8,000 strong, are still at Selma. As yet no demonstrations against this place. I was separated from my division before the advance of the enemy on Selma, by order of General Adams, to defend this place. I have now 1,800 men, militia, &amp;c.; will make the best fight possible. General Dick Taylor went from Selma to Demopolis, and my impression is that the enemy will move in that direction. Forrest, after the fall of Selma, concentrated at Centerville and will certainly be on the enemy's rear, with Chalmers and Jackson, who did not get up before the fall of Selma. I am going all I can to organize a force here.

A. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, April 7, 1865.

Major General SAM. JONES:

GENERAL: I agree with you fully in opinion on the blockade question, and inform you in this confidential manner that the cotton is to be carried down by the State on her steamers and sold to persons who have authority from the United States Government to purchase and sell us in exchange necessaries which we cannot do without. It is also the policy in this way to accumulate some funds abroad to pay soldiers' clothing, &c. I have the authority of the Legislature of my State for this. Members of Congress tell me that a late act of Congress gives the same authority, and the President has directed General Cobb to grant permits if necessary on my certificate. I am glad you take what I consider the true view of this question and will be much obliged by any aid you may afford me. The portion of your letter which relates to militia will be referred to Adjutant-General Wayne for reply.

I am, general, very truly, &c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

MERIDIAN, April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. Taylor,

Demopolis, Ala.:

Northern papers just received by General Hodge say Richmond fell by assault on 3rd instant. He will send them here.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 8, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile:

General Taylor directs in case of necessity to move Colonel H. Maury's regiment up by rail to re-enforce With Adams. Will it be in readiness to move at a moment's notice? Vicksburg papers of yesterday report capture of Richmond on the 3rd. Lee moving toward Danville.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

