
MERIDIAN, April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Demopolis:

Following just received, dated Columbus:

The Yankee column, which was attacked and driven toward Tuscaloosa on 6th, was reported by my scouts last night as making forced marches on Columbus. I marched my command forty-five miles in eleven hours, reaching there at 1 p. m. to-day. NO reliable intelligence of his approach thus far.

WIRT ADAMS.

This is first information I have had of an engagement with enemy. Do you still desire the orders sent to-day for General Adams carried out? Please answer to night, as he will receive them before morning. Scouts report enemy re-enforced at Eastport by Seventh Illinois and Twenty-seventh Michigan. Send special messenger to you to-morrow with the documents, as directed.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 8, 1865-8.45 a. m.

General MAURY,

Mobile:

Enemy kept up a brisk fire about 2.30 a. mn. from their lines in front of 5, 6, and 7 for about one hour and a half. At 8 a. m. our batteries commenced opening upon them, which up to this has been briskly repled to from several points, and one immediately in front of Numbers 7 throwing shells into Blakely and at the brick-yard landing. We are not yet able to silence battery. Captain Moore returned late last night without accomplishing anything. Nothing from Spanish Fort.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 8, 2865-7.35 p. m.

Major MARKS,

Battery Huger:

General Holtzclaw telegraphs the left turned at Spanish Fort. General Gibson did not [report?], and I wish to know what the news is at once, and give General Gibson all the assistance you can.

ST. JNO. R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Spanish Fort, April 8, 1865-12.25 a. m.

Major-General MAURY:

Enemy very active on his parallels all day in front of Battery 4, and is drawing quite close. He is beginning some zigzags on other points. His artillery is so much more powerful than ours, and his lines so well protected, that we cannot use ours to arrest his progress. Hand-grenades, howitzers, and negroes arrived. Will send off all surplus articles.

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.

77 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

