
DANVILLE, VA., April 8, 1865.

General D. W. ADAMS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your telegram of 7th to Secretary of War, in his absence, received. General Cobb has been directed, as far as practicable, to aid in defense of Alabama.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MONTGOMERY, April 8, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Will forward dispatch to General Taylor by courier to Meridian; it will require several days. Enemy not yet advancing n this place Indications are that they intend occupying Selma and line of Alabama and Tennessee Railroad permanently. I am having this place fortified, and if speedily re-enforced, it can be held, unless they large force against it. Would respectfully suggest propriety of sending General Cobb and his force to meet them here in General Taylor's absence and his force them here in General Taylor's absence and difficulty of direct orders.

DANIEL W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, April 8, 1865.

General WIRT ADAMS,

Columbus:

The following telegraphed to Captain Thornton, at Gainesville to-day:

Send immediately to General Wirht Adams following instructions: General Taylor directs that after he has fully disposed of enemy under Croxton, to throw strong force rapidly across toward road enemy advanced on, via Elyton and Montevallo, to intercept stragglers and wagon. After this he will return to vicinity of West Point, throwing scouts as far as Decatur to watch Tennessee Valley.

E. SURGET.

If any change is made in these instructions by the lieutenant-general will inform you by morning.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General ADAMS,

Columbus, Miss.:

Remain in vicinity of Columbus or West Point for protection of prairie country and Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Reorganize and relit your command fast as possible; 100 mules have been sent you by major Ewing. Scout thoroughly, sending them as far east as Decatur. Colonel Denis, commanding Reserves as Scooba, is ordered to report to you if you want him. Can communicate by telegraph to gainesville Junction, whence he has line of couriers.

By order:

E. S. URGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

