HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Canton, Miss., April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that the troops of this brigade stand grandly in need of clothing. Living as they do in Texas, they have been unable to procure clothing from had to depend entirely upon this issues of the Government, and when we have drawn clothing have scarcely ever received more than half the amount that our requisition called for. Whether this was owing to the inability of the Government to furnish the supplies or the misappropriation of the same by officers thorough whose hands they had to pass, I do not pretend to say, but I do know that while this brigade has been barefooted and naked other cavalry commands have apparently been well provided for. The brigade is detached at present. Will not Lieutenant-General Taylor order a special issue of 550 suits of clothing (the number present) to this command? Lieutenant-General Polk, when commanding this department, gave us in that way the nearest complete outfit that we have had. I can send a bonded officer to any point necessary to make requisitions and receipt and superintend the transportation of supplies to the command. Your attention and assistance, colonel, if given will be properly appreciated.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Canton, Miss., April 8, 1865.

Brigadier General G. B. HODGE,

Commanding District, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: After my respects to you, &c., I have sent to your officer a communication to Lieutenant-General Taylor, asking him to make an extra issue of clothing to my command. Please give me your assistance and I think we will be able to get it. Many of my men are barefooted and badly clothed. I am organizing a shoe shop to make shoes for my command. My commissary furnishes hides for which I get the leather, the tools are found in the country, and I can furnish workmen from my command, but I cannot get shoe thread. Can you not get Mr. Wallis, the Government agent, to supply us with a bale of shoe thread from Vicksburg? If you think if necessary I will make a communication to General Taylor through you in regard to it.

Very respectfully, &c.,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MERIDIAN, April 9, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Demopolis:

General Hodge's and Henderson's scouts report to-day three brigades infantry landed at Vicksburg Friday evening; seven regiments

