
cavalry and more infantry expended Tuesday; destination Jackson and farther. Hodge asks if he had not better order Griffith's and Powers' toward Jackson. Later he telegraphs, operator at Clinton taken to the woods. Enemy moving on that place, so I have given no orders with regard to Griffith and Powers till I her from you, save the they shall get in position to intercept the Clinton raid if it move toward Mobile and Ohio Railroad, or march to Jackson, as subsequent orders may direct.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 9, 1865.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR, Demopolis:

False alarm about enemy moving on Clinton. Operator got back from the woods, but Griffith reports enemy will move from Baton Rouge in six or seven days, 1,500 strong.

E. SURGENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 9, 1865.

Major-General MAURY, Mobile:

GENERAL: The telegraphic connection with Mobile being interrupted, I have been unable to communicate with you to-day, and I fear there is something wrong about this matter, but do not know where the fault is. The man I send to look after it has been order back by Mr. Sandford without accomplishing anything. If nothing is done to secure safe communication we will have to rely upon boats, which, too, will soon be cut off. Colonel Patton writes me that the enemy has been crossing Bay Minette bridge in heavy columns this morning, followed by his trains of wagons. We have had the constant fire of five batteries on us this morning, dismounting two guns, field pieces, including the only Blakely gun. Colonel Patton has signaled Captain Grayson (3.20 p. m.) that artillery accompanies the infantry. There Grayson one-quarter of a mile from the right of General Thomas, through the swamp and to the river, that is unoccupied by any troops, and the track of the garrison from Spanish Fort discloses to an enemy the means of approach to this place on that side. I shall move my quarters to that locality and make every disposition available. I am having the now place of landing prepared for the use of boats-small craft and possibly steam-boats.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

ST. JNO. R. LODDELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. EASTERN DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Blakely, April 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General COCKRELL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Liddell directs me to inform you that Colonel Patton signals the following from Battery Tracy:

Wagon trains and heavy columns of infantry have been crossing Bay Minette bridge all the morning.

