
here to scout until relieved by a company from General Roddey's command, and that you will supply the Hudson Battery (now whit General Strake, at Greensborough) with the horses furnished for it by Major Ewig, quartermaster. The lieutenant-general will go, via Demopolis and Meridian, by rail to Gainesville, and desires that you assume command of all his forces and move them, as heretofore directed, to Gainesville via Greensborough.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. -This dice not apply to Roddey's command, who are ordered to Be collected at Greensborough.

MOBILE, ALA., April 11, 1865.

Colonel P. B. SPENCE:

All the infantry and artillery will be withdrawn during the night. You had better withdrawn your more distant pickets an dispose them nearer, so that when you leave your present position you will have them in hand. Keep scouts out pretty well and at daylight make this your headquarters and occupy the city. Much will be left to your own discretion. do not let any part of your command be captured, but remain in the city as long as you can safety. When you quiet the city take the road leading to Meridian and cover the troops and train. Communicate with Colonel Andrews, commanding infantry force in charge of the trains. Prevent any disorder in the town.

Yours, very respectfully,

R. L. GIBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Canton, Miss., April 11, 1865.

Captain W. A. [PERCY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a few days ago I sent a party of the dismounted men of this brigade in to the enemy's line to destroy some Yankee farms, and if possible to mount themselves. They succeeded in capturing two plantations within there limes of Vicksburg and all the party mounted and equipped themselves, bringing out some twenty head of good stock. I hope in this way to mount all my dismounted men. I have no information from any of my scouts as to the re-enforcement arriving at Vicksburg. My scouts are vigilant and will keep themselves posted as to any movement. I have now some reliable scouts near Vicksburg, to ascertain the truth of the statement made by Henderson's scouts.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCE OF MISSISSIPPI,Enterprise, April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: The official morning report of the Reserve of the State of Mississippi, assembled at Scooba, yesterday (10th instant), represent

