
945 men present and fit for duty. During the day I am advised unofficially that others arrived, increasing the aggregate to 1,200 men and officers present. This force is as well armed and equipped as the ordnance officer of the department, with his limited supply, is able to do. They are a condition to do good service as soon as their horses are shod. When I left Scooba on the 4th instant the quartermaster reported seven forges engaged in shoeing horses, and that he would be able to shoe 100 cavalry horses per day. At that rate they will some be in a condition for the field.

I have the honor to be, general, with great regard, your obedient servant,

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 11, 1865.

Captain BULLOCK:

Report contents of this to the general at his leisure and telegraph General Brandon to Enterprise of the orders issued this morning.

E. S[URGET,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 11, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Why remove all your troops if enemy have made no demonstration? Are your bay batteries still manned? Have you carried out instructions as to re-enforcing Colonel Miles and sent the orders to him as directed? Are full arrangements made with naval officers? See that no mistake occurs in orders about cotton. If Colonel Maury's regiment is with Colonel Miles, let it guard the river above Choctaw and establish courier-line to Demopolis. No stores must be left in Mobile except in case of absolute necessary, and ordnance stores under no circumstances. Unless you have surplus transportation, troops must march and transportation used for moving stores. Answer what you have moved and what stores and troops yet remain.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHUNCHULA, April 12, 1865-3 p. m.

General GIBSON:

Impress on Spence the importance of destroying the bridges and trestles as he retires. The general commanding will go to Citronelle, and the trains will take from the wagons there whatever freight can be transferred, so as to lighten up the wagons. We will wait here till the next train comes up and send one back to try and get Colonel Lindsay and men. There is a car of corn and rations for Spence at this station.

Order him to keep well in the front.

By command of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

