HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Mobile, April 12, 1865.

Colonel SPENCE:

The inclosed dispatches will serve for your action and guidance. You had better place the section of light artillery, which you have, beyond Eight-Mile Creek without unnecessary delay. Pease give especial attention to the burning of the cotton, protecting that which has been guaranteed by the proper military authorities, which is in warehouses. Exchange poor horses for good ones, and take out with you all good uncles and horses you may find. Do all this in as quiet and orderly manner as possible. Stay as long as you can in the city, and keep order in the corporation. Inform General Tayler, at Meridian, of enemy's movements. Telegraph operator will arrive at 9 a. m. to report to you. Destroy railroad bridges and trestles.

Very respectfully, &c.,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHUNCHULA, April 12, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Colonel SPENCE:

You must keep close to the enemy and not give up ground unless force to do so. Send news to Citronelle of enemy's force, &c. Burn all trestles and bridges between this point and Mobile as the trains pass over. Send a scout to Oven Bruff. Corn is here for you; your train also. Send orders to the quartermaster what you want them to do.

By command of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Send pickets close to city. Give Captain Moore necessary scouts.

D. W. F.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 12, 1865.

Colonel MILLER:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-General Taylor directs that you retain sufficient mounted men to scout the river south of Demopolis. Have couriers to ascertain and report any movement of the enemy. These reports will be made here. Establish communication as soon as possible with Colonel Miles' scouts from Choctaw Bluff or Colonel Maury, who will cross the river to-day or to-morrow somewhere about Claiborne.

Very respectfully,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MERIDIAN, April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Ginesville, Ala.:

Enemy landed at Point four miles below Mobile on western shore at 11.30 His cavalry is report moving up the river on Claiborne.

