
We should resist his crossing the river, as Colonel Miles can hold his position, and with aid of navy the river, longer as possible. If he should succeed in crossing we ought to whip him as his force without Wilson certainly cannot exceed 3,000.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor;

W. FG. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST:

Arrest the march of Jackson and Starke near Greensborough as you can, where they can get forage and subsistence. Let their trains come to Gainesville for ordnance and supplies, ready for active campaign. Order Wirt Adams to join to you with all of his and Scott's commands and King's battery, somewhere near Clinton or Eutaw, or with easy junction of Jackson. His train must be near Greensborough, and should be stopped at some point to await his arrival. Brigdee of Reserves, 1,500 strong, will moved up to replace Adams, and a battery sent to replace King's. This movement of Adams should occur at once, unless enemy's movement on Columbus prevents. Push scouts to north and have Croston disposed of it within striking distance. Push scouts to east to open communication with Montevallo and Talladega. Direct Lieutenant Davis to remain until further orders at Marion Junction retain Henderson's and other scouts in proper position to watch Wilson's movements south or east. Mobile is now evacuated, except rear guard, and a large part of the forces will reach Demopolis to-morrow. Shall order Griffith to Jackson, leaving nothing by Louisiana Reserves and limeade in lower district. Shall leave Armstrong in temporary command at West Point with Reserves until his brigade is ready to move. McCulloch can remain where he is for present. Will order Miller to scout from Demopolis and Uniontown south to river, instead of carrying his command to Greensborough. Maury's cavalry regiment has been ordered to cross from Claiborne to scouts river and open communication with Demopolis. Shall equip Mobile forces for field at Demopolis or McDowell's, and if Wilson turns back west we must whip him at all hazards befords before re-enforced from Mobile. Your headquarters at West Point not needed by you should go to Macon, where your depots will be. McCulloch's and other commands should exchange unserviceable for serviceable animals at once. Small-arm ammunition and extra small-arms have been saved from Mobile and some field batteries equipped. Will received important dispatches from the President to-morrow. Will send you contents. Colonel Forrest, with his small command, has best remain where he is until I see you. Shall have Ross' brigade in front of Vicksburg with the four-gun battery for the present. May order Powers to join Wirt Adams soon as I hear from Jackson.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

GAINESVILLE, ALA., April 12, 1865.

The lieutenant-general commanding sends General Jackson the above (a copy of Lieutenant Taylor's dispatch) that he may more fully comprehend the orders this morning sent to him.

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

