
He says that forrest would be at the iron-works, twenty-three miles from Elyton. No corn and meat on the right; plenty below here. No rebels so far; only couriers.

Yours, &amp;c.,

ROYS,

Lieutenant and Chief of Scouts.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Locust Fork, March 29, 1865.

Captain BROWN,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster;

CAPTAIN: General Wilson directs that you keep all the ammunition and coffee wagons together, so that in case of the train being endangered they can be saved, if possible. No alarm is felt for the safety of the train, but every precaution should be taken to make assurance doubly sure. Make easy marches and camp whenever you find forage. Keep the teams up as well as possible and insist on the utmost care being taken of the animals. If the train guard does not do its duty you can relieve the officer in command and order another to take his place. No coffee or sugar will be issued to prisoners. The commanding officer of the train guard will see that parties forage for them.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Locust Fork, March 29, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE TRAIN GUARD:

The brevet major-general commanding directs that you will take charge of and guard the prisoners taken by the different divisions. You will call upon the inhabitants of the country for rations for them. You will take every precaution to secure the safety of your train and enforce the strictest discipline in your command. Every effort must be made to keep the teams in good condition. In case the Locust Fork should become too high to be forded with safety, the pontoons can be forwarded and the bridge laid for the train to cross.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, LOCUST FORK, Numbers 11. March 29, 1865.

I. After the rations are issued, as ordered, the wagons of the corps will be united in a single train under the direction of Captain W. E. Brown, acting corps quartermaster. The wagon train will proceed by easy marches, following the troops.

II. Each division commander will leave two companies with his train, in addition to the dismounted men of his division. The senior officer present will assume command of the entire train-guard, and will receive instructions from these headquarters, from time to time, for his guidance.

