
MERIDIAN, April 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General TUCKER,

Jackson, Miss.:

Order Powers to move at once with his command and camp equipage by most direct road to Gainesville, Ala. Direct him to send officer in advance to report his progress and time he will reach destination.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General BRANDON,

Enterprise, Miss.:

Yours of yesterday received. This morning sent orders to brigade of Reserve to move to Macon and report to General Armstrong.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General BRANDON:

(Or commanding officer of Reserves, Scooba, Miss., via Gainesville Junction, to be forwarded by courier.)

You will move at once by common road to Macon, Miss., and all your camp and garrison equipage, to report to Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong. Send a staff officer in advance to General Armstrong, at Macon, for such orders as he may have for you. Acknowledge receipt hereof immediately.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, April 12, 1865.

Colonel W. R. MILES,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 11th. Colonel Maury's regiment, if you are in communication with it, must remain on the west bank of the Alabama River, to prevent any force from crossing above your position. He must be extremely active and vigilant in the performance of this duty. General Maury has been instructed to re-enforce you to some extent and to send you a transport and gun-boat to Oven Bluff. You are hold your position till the last moment and use these boats for your escape. If you find you can bring your men off in the gun-boat, them send the transport up top Demopolis. In evacuating you will either cross to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad or go up the river to Demopolis, as circumstances may direct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

