
MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Danville, N. C. [Va.]:

My dispatch of 9th, from near Cahawba, give lathers from Mobile of 7th. Same night received dispatch of 8th, stating enemy had gained advantage on left of Spanish Fort, which caused General Gibson to retire from the place, but no particulars given. On morning of 10th received dispatch from Mobile of 9th, which had to be repeated for correction of cipher. At 2 p. m. same day received dispatch of 9th, stating that Blakely had been carried by assault at 6 p. m. that day, with casualties slight. Directed General Maury to prepare to withdraw from Mobile in manner indicated previously. Reached Meridian at 8 p. m. on 11th, and learned from General Maury that he had withdrawn all troops from city and defenses, except one regiment of infantry, which would leave in morning or before I could reach him, and Brigadier-Generals Liddell, Cockrell, and Thomas. Loss of stores at Mobile will report in detail as soon as possible. The enemy did not land on western side of bay until 11.30 on 12th.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

CITRONELLE, April 13, 1865-7 a. m.

Colonel SPENCE:

After leaving a few pickets and scouts close around city, you will retire and take position here to-morrow or next day. There are some supplies here for you. Until further orders Citronelle will be your base of operations. Keep open the telegraph office here and secure the wire as you fall back. Send the wire you will save to Meridian. We should get as much as possible. Keep your wagon train here. Captain Tobin thinks he has to send a section of artillery to Oven Bluff, which is a mistake.

By command of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES,Citronelle, Ala., April 13, 1865-9 a. m.

Colonel P. B. SPANCE:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that in accordance with instructions received from the major-general commanding, you will send off your artillery at once on the road to Meridian, Miss., to be put on the first train it meets. During the day he wishes you to withdraw to this point, where you will find rations for your animals. You will leave a picket here to remain until further orders. General Maury wishes you with your whole force to serve as guard for wagon train and keep the wagons moving as fast as practicable. Send forward any information you may get of the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

CARTWRIGHT EUSTIS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-All troops and railroad trains will be off from here by 12 m.

C. E.,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

