
CITRONELLE, April 13, 1865-9 a. m.

Colonel SPENCE:

The instructions sent to you this morning have to be modified. The following will guide you: Leaving a few scouts to watch the enemy you will fall back at once to Citronelle and use you command as the rear guard and for the wagon train. Do not destroy any wire above Citronelle, as we may wish to re-establish the office there. Take with you the operator at Citronelle when you leave. Send Tobin's battery here to go by rail, if possible.

By command of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUCATUNNA, April 13, 1865.

Colonel SPENCE, Commanding Cavalry:

Withdraw your pickets at Citronelle when you deem best, leaving scouts. Establish line of couriers between yourself and Meridian so as to convey dispatches, say ten miles apart, and urge wagon train forward. Telegraph me at Shubuta. Hupe Tobin's battery will get on the cars-guns and horses.

R. L. GIBON,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Colonel SPENCE:

Keep your pickets and scouts close about Mobile as enemy will permit. Make your headquarters at Citronelle until driven away. Have a telegraph office opened at State Line, removing, in necessary, the office from Bucatunna to State Line. Keep up the line of couriers to Colonel Miles from State Line, communicating promptly to Colonel Miles all information you have affecting his position. There are rations for you at Citronelle and several stations above. Do not destroy any of the railroad above Citronella unless driven up the road by a serious advance of enemy. Trains will be sent down the road to supply you when necessary and to move the heavy baggage up to the wagon train.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Colonel W. R. MILES, Choctaw Bluff:

If in communication, direct maury's cavalry, by order of General Taylor, to remain west Alabama River to keep you advised and prevent crossing the river above you. Hold your position long as possible. If compelled to abandon it use gun-boat and transport sent to you from Mobile, going up to Demopolis, if possible. If that is impracticable cross to Mobile and Ohio Railroad. If there is danger of losing the transport burn it unless gun-boat can tow it up. If the gun-boat can afford sufficient transportation can send the other boat on to Demopolis. If you have time save from the works all the salt possible.

Please acknowledge receipt.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

