HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Ginesville, April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR:

GENERAL: I have ordered Lieutenant Moore, in charge of ordnance stores at this place, two turn over to Captain Hill, my ordnance officer, some few spare traces for the use of the Hudson battery, which could not be moved with them; also some few cartridge and cap boxes not waiting to send the requisition to you for approval, from the fact that the steamer was on the eve of leaving with ordnance for Jackson's division, to be believed at Finch's Ferry, and it was the only immediate opportunity I had of sending them, as the bridges were washed away and the wagons ordered to this point after stores could not get here. Not having time to telegraph you and get a reply before the departure of the boat, I presume under the circumstances (as I am ordered to be ready to mover at a moment's notice) that it will make no difference and this explanation will be satisfactory.,

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Gainesville:

Following received:

TUSCALOOSA, ALA., April 11, 1865-5 p. m.

General FORREST:

GENERAL: The enemy remain in camp near Northport on the Byler road, picketing all the roads leading North post in direction of Columbus. Myscouts met them this morning miles from Northport. Can't tell what they movements may be. A prisoner states that they would cross at or above this place and move in direction of Selma. One thousand men could take them all. I have dispatched General Adams.

WM. MARTIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK,

JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Gainesville:

Montgomery is probably in possession of the enemy by this time; there is nothing to prevent junction of Canby's and Wilson's cavalry. Hold your command on readiness to move, and see that roads and bridges leading south are in order, so that if enemy attempts to cross Alabama River you can fall on him suddelly. Should you hear os such a movement on his part you will move at once, without waiting further orders, with all your force, save such as demonstrations, from above may render it necessary to leave behind, and attack him. Lieutenant-general commanding will come to Gainesville soon as he can leave here.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

