
MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant-General Forrest,

Gainesville, Ala.:

Direct Jackson to move with his three brigades, via Spring Hill, Prairieville, and Dayton, to good campaign ground south of Dayton and near Linden. He will place one of his batteries on Bigbee in nearest commanding position to Linden. The other battery on Alabama in nearest for both. Will push out scouts to and along both rivers, those toward the Alabama keeping in communication with Colonel Miles, at Choctaw. Jackson's headquarters and main body must be at Linden, or near there, so as to be able to concentrate on either river. The positions and roads must be carefully inspected and all necessary courier-lines established. You will contrail movements of your trains as to whether they shall load the supplies at Finch's Ferry or Demopolis. Will be able to give you in a few days, at Demopolis, the supply train desires. Your orders to Adams ought to dispose of Croxton and dispel all anxiety as to incursion in that direction. Will probably place Mobile garrison at Marion or at some good point along that line Route indicated for Jackson's march is by the map, through he may find better roads. All boats on both streams should be collected near points occupied, and Alabama River especially watched above and below. Roddey's command, with Martin, must do picketing and scouting north toward Tuscaloosa and Montevallo, and keep up your communications with Adams. Soon as you have regulated your trains, &amp;c., you had better move to Linden, via Demopolis, where lieutenant-general commanding will meet you. Davis, from Selma, can give you all information from toward Montgomery.

By order of Lieutenant-General TAYLOR:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville., Ala., April 13, 1865-10.30 a. m. (Received 4 p. m. 14th.)

Brigadier General H. W. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs that you will not send the wagon to this place as ordered yesterday, but will order them to Finch's Ferry. He will send the stores this afternoon on the steamer Lilly to Finch's Ferry, where they can be issued and will save the trouble of sending the wagons to this place. The steamer will arrive at Finch's Ferry to-morrow night. He only wants his own headquarters wagons with Majors Mason and Rambaut to come to this place. He will send all the accouterments he has and twenty rounds of small-arms ammunition to the men and fifty rounds of artillery ammunition to each piece, and you will make arrangements to haul that amount.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The lieutenant-general directs me to say that should either of the caissons be out of repair that you will send them on to this place to be exchanged for new ones, as directed this morning.

J. P. S.

