HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 13, 1865.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to say that you will order Brigadier-General Roddey, if he has reported-if not, you will order Colonel Burtwell-to establish a courier-line from Montevallo to Talladega, provided the lithograph line is not working from Montevallo to Talladega. If so, he will not establish the line between the two points. You will also order him to establish a line from Talladega to some safe point on the Georgia Railroad north of Montgomery, so as to get in telegraphic communication with the east. This must be done at once; and, if General Roddey or Colonel Burtwell have not force sufficient, you will send an officer with a good company from your division or General Strake's brigade to carry out this order. General Roddey has reported to these headquarters, nor has anything been heard from him. The lieutenant-general further directs me to say that he wrote Colonel Burtwell to send all of his transportation and Government stock to Demopolis, and turn it over to Major Ewing, reserving twenty-five six-mule wagons, three forges, and three ambulances, selecting the best stock for teams, which order Colonel Burtwell has not obeyed; and he directs that you ascertain if Colonel Burtwell received the order. If so, why he has not complied, and if he refuses to carry out the order you will order him in arrest and to report at these

headquarters, and have the order to sent the transportation and stock to Demopolis executed, retaining the twenty-five mules wagons, three forges, three ambulances, and teams for them, for the use of Roddey's brigade. There are also a number of horses and mules belonging to Roddey's brigade that are disabled which he wishes sent to Major Ewing, who is now engaged in exchanging broken-down stock for serviceable.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, Ala., April 13, 1865.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find copy of a telegram just received from Lieutenant-General Taylor. In order to be thoroughly advised of the movements of the enemy, the lieutenant general instructs the you send scouts below Selma and establish a courier-line from Uniontown to Greensborough, with instructions for them to report both by courier and by telegraph to your headquarters. You will most closely watch the Alabama River, and if you find the enemy are crossing if you will move against him your whole available force, taking your own division, Brigadier-General Strake's, and Brigadier-General Adams'. The latter left Columbus this morning to unite with you. You will promptly and fully advised the lieutenant-general of your movement he and information, not waiting for him, as in case of your movement he will follow you. You will at once send men down and see that the roads and bridges are in repair, so that nothing will detain you when you are required to move. You will keep five or six days' retain for you men besides your hard bread, so that you will have nothing to

