
delay you from active service. You will keep your command as close together as forage privileges will allow you. The boat leaves this afternoon with supplies and ordnance. The lieutenant-general also send you 200 stand of arms, which you will have issued, and 40 rounds of ammunition to the man. You will see that your ammunition wagons are in readiness for the move and keep your supply train in the rear.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Asst. Adjt. General, Ala., Miss,, and East La., Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I was on my way to Mobile for the purpose, before the evacuation of the city, of the proposing the exchange of the officers and men captured by the enemy at Spanish Fort and Blakely, when on my arrival at Citronelle, I learned that the train had received orders not to proceed any farther toward the city. I also learned that the military force were fast evacuating Mobile, and the enemy would occupy it at 2 o'clock. It being impossible to reach the city by that hour, and knowing that I could effect no arrangements under the circumstances for the exchange of prisoners, I returned to this point. I will return in the morning to Demopolis, to which point I have transferred my office, I have been advised of no measures taken by Major-General Maury for the exchange of the said prisoners. I will, therefore, as soon as the lieutenant-general commanding sees fit, proceed toward mobile under flag of truce, for the purpose of proposing the said exchange. i will await at Demopolis the pleasure of the lieutenant-general commanding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CURELL,

Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

MERIDIAN, April 13, 1865.

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG,

Macon, Miss.:

General Marcus J. Wright reports not exceeding 1,400 cavalry on Mobile and Ohio Railroad, from La Fayette to White's Station, protecting working parties. The lieutenant-general suggest your getting men enough together and, by rapid movement, falling upon them in detail and destroying them. Answer.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 14, 1865.

Colonel SPENCE,

Citronelle:

Your dispatch of 10.35 received. Keep your pickets and scouts close about Mobile as enemy will permit; make your headquarters at Citronelle until driven away. Have a telegraph office opened at State Line, removing if necessary the office from Bucatunna to State Line. Keep up the line of couriers to Colonel Miles from State Line. Communicate promptly to Colonel. Miles all information you have affecting his position. There are rations for you at Citronelle and several

