
station above. Do not destroy any of the railroad above Citronelle unless driven up the road by a serious advance of the enemy. Trains will be sent down the road to supply you when necessary and to move the heavy baggage up with wagon trains. You will hereafter report movements of enemy directly to these headquarters; General maury has been so notified. Keep flying scouts on each of your flanks to advise you of enemy's movement to get around you. Get citizens to give you best information about the roads and crossing. The bottom lands are probably overflowed and impassable. Get best information you can.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLISH, ALA., April 14, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

Colonel Fuller's command arrived two hours since. They will camp near this town. Scouts were dispatched from this place on the 12th instant with orders to open communication with Colonel Miles' command, at Choctaw Bluff; also with Colonel Maury, who was expected to cross the river at Claiborne. A portion of the scouts will move in the direction of Owen Bluff, on the Bigbee and observe the river. A line of couriers communicate with the scouts.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

POST DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 14, 1865.

Captain STONE,

Of Steamer Admiral:

CAPTAIN: The steamer Saint Charles, with very valuable effects on board, bounds for Gainesville, is here without a pilot, and was brought from Mobile to this place by volunteer engineer, &amp;c. I understand you have two pilots on your steamer. You will, therefore, please direct one of them to report to the captain of the Saint charles for the purpose of carrying the boat to Gainesville and bring her back to this post, which can be done twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MERIDIAN, April 14, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Gainesville:

Following just received:

MARION JUNCTION, April 14, 1865.

Colonel Martin reports from Tuscaloosa: The enemy moved camp the morning of the 12th in direction of Lexington; Martin's scouts watching river up to Black Rick Shoals; enemy sent off 400 negroes day before, direction of Decatur.

J. W. MARTIN,

Captain, &c.

You will take proper steps.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

