HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Ginesville, April 14, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find copy of telegram* from Lieutenant-General Taylor. You will make every preparation to move on the morning of the 16th instant. You will take one wagon to the regiment, and two if necessary, with indispensable cooking utensils and four day's cooked rations for your commands. You will reserve your hard bread unless it is absolutely necessary to use it, as no more can be procured. You will supply your command with 40 rounds of ammunition to the man in their cartridge-boxes, and 250 rounds of artillery ammunition to the piece. You are also specially instructed to carry with you forty rounds of extra small-arms ammunition to the man in your wagons. The balance of your ordnance with its train and the supply and other trains you will order to Prairieville. You are further instructed to send your communication it once to Linden, as well as the details to work the roads as directed in Lieutenant-General Taylor's telegram. You will send one of your brigades with a battery to Prairie Bluff. You will send one or two regiments to the month of Chickasaw Bogue with a battery, retaining the remainder of your force about Linden and Antioch. You will send the two regiments and battery at the mouth of Chickasaw Bogue or at the ferry below the month. The telegram inclosed will more fully instruct you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 14, 1865.

Major General HOWELL COBB,

Columbus or Macon, Ga.:

Instructed General Adams to attempt no defense at Montgomery if enemy move against him in force, but to unite his infantry with you for defense of Columbus, keeping Buford with cavalry to delay and annoy enemy. Re-enforce Buford with all cavalry you can, and strengthen Columbus works. The disaster at Mobile will occupy me for several days in this quarter, and enemy will require watching from Eastport, Tuscaloosa and Vicksburg. Adams should move his infantry reserves from Talladega and Coosa to Columbus, if possible. i have the large army near Mobile may turn its attention toward the trans-Mississippi, as we have our hands full without it. Have ordered communication open with the nearest telegraph east of Montgomery. Adams had courier-line Talladega to that point. Will join you at earliest moment, but have much to engage me at present here, and cannot foresee enemy's movement. Inform me of your force, its strength, character, and disposition. Assume direction of affairs east of Montgomery in absence of definite instructions from em. Buford must watch enemy near Pollard, &c. Will communicate with you frequently. Forward all information of movements in the east and hurry on my dispatches from the Government.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

* See Bullock to Forrest, 13th, beginning "Direct Jackson," p. 1235.

---------------

