
Bluff. Colonel Miller leaves to-night to attend to this in person. Clipper will not of down the river,or any other boat. Captain Porter arrived with pontoon train.

[S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.]

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 15, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

Couriers from Clarke Country report that Colonel Maury's command was defeated fourteen miles on the other side of Claibortne, and 200 killed, wounded, and captured. They afterward entered Claiborne and captured the enrolling officer.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, April 15, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

There are eighteen boats here. Captain Brice's ordnance stores are going on board as rapidly as possible. Captain Dulley is also putting his stores on board. Instructions given to Colonel Fuller as directed. There are about 2,600 men here under his command. Instructions shown to Majors Peters and Semmes. Boats have not been unloaded. Nothing further from scouts in lower Alabama. A telegraph from Montgomery, dated yesterday, from Captain C. H. Black, of scouts, says a column of the enemy is now moving in the direction of Wetumpka, un the river. They captured three boats above town and brought them down to the landing last night. They are purring wood on these boats. The destruction of property is immense. At 2.30 the enemy left Montgomery, with the exception of the Fourth Kentucky, McCook in advance, and camped nine miles from Montgomery on Columbus road. Every possible preparation will be made here.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MERIDIAN, April 15, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel JONES,

Commanding Post, Demopolis:

Owing to the delay in getting the wagon train s up from Mobile, the troops will be equipped for the field here instead of a t Demopolis. You will therefore direct following officers, in name of Lieutenant General Taylor, as follows: Colonel Fuller to move all troops, infantry and artillery, of General Maury's command, as well as all those at Demopolis belonging to commands east to McDowell's, early in the morning and there take trains for Meridian. Have up steam and use the boats at Demopolis for this purpose. Major Ewing to send wagons and teams, as fast as he gets one ready, to this point. Send all boats with stores to Gainesville to wait orders. Put on them all post stores not required for immediate use. Keep your scouts and courier-line in same position. Show this to the officers mentioned and to Major Semmes and Captain

