HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Ginesville, April 15, 1865-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to say that instead of moving as directed previously that will move your entire command and wagon train, and everything else belonging to your division, to this place with as little delay as possible. You will allow Roddey's command and courier-line to remain, but will withdrawn the line of couriers to Linden, leaving scouts in that direction. Brigadier-General Starke has also been ordered to move to this place.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If there are stores or supplies the lieutenant-general directs that you will have them placed at Finch's Ferry, where the steamer can get them.

J. P. S.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 15, 1865-10.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General STARKE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to say that instead of moving as directed previously that you will move with entire command and wagon train to this place, bringing everything belonging to your brigade. Brigadier-General Jackson has also been ordered to move to this place.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 47. Meridian, April 16, 1865.

It being impossible at this time for officers and men who are in Alabama and Mississippi belonging to armies in Georgia, North Carolina, and Virginal to return to their commands, they are directed to report to Major-General Maury, at Meridian, to be by him organized in companies, battalions, and regiments, placing men of same divisions and corps together as far as possible, until communication east is reopened, when they will returned to their commands. These temporary organization will be officers solely by officers belonging to eastern armies, if such are found present, and will include all such officers and men at Meridian, as well as those who may hereafter report in obedience to this order, as far as practicable. Separate field transportation will be given to organizations of eastern troops, with the view to their being suitably equipped for promptly rejoining their proper commands at the earliest moment possible after communication is reopened.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

