
Lieutenant-General JONES,

Commanding Post, Demopolis:

The lieutenant-general commanding requests that you will co-operate with and render and assistance in your power to Lieutenant Andrews, whose orders are to obstruct the Bigbee as low down as possible. A picket boat below him will be necessary.

Respectfully,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 16, 1865.

Colonel H. H. MILLER,

Ninth Mississippi Cavalry, Suggesville:

COLONEL: i respectfully call your attention to the vital importance of having some vigilant and reliable scouts on the Bigbee River at the foot of the first large bend below this in place, and distant about ten or twelve miles from Linden. General Taylor is very desirous of having this part of the river closely watched for the earliest approach of the enemy's gun-boats, and that instant information be conveyed to these headquarters. I ask you, colonel, to lose no time in perfecting this arrangement. Let the men be reliable in character, as the duty they will have to perform is of am important kind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

POST OF DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 16, 1865.

Colonel H. H. miller,

Ninth Mississippi Cavalry:

COLONEL: I am reliably informed that some of the pilots, engineers, and others of the crews of the steam, boat now at this post deserting and going down the river in boats and skiffs of various kinds, with a view of getting to Mobile. You will please instruct your scouts to look out for them at any point below this on the river where they will be most likely to be intercepted, and arrest any and every man found going down the river in a small boat without a pass signed by myself only, and send them back to this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Demopolis, April 16, 1865.

Captain WALKER,

McDowell's Landing:

Captain Walker and Lieutenant Kendall will bring over their detachments by first boat, and will report with them at this office.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

