
MERIDIAN, April 16, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. ANDREWS, Demopolis:

Obstruct the Bigbee as low down as possible. Call upon Commander Farrand for such assistance as he may be able to render you. If possible, place some torpedoes in the Alabama River. In the water of those rivers the Singer lock, it is believed, will better answer your purposes than primers used heretofore, provided they can be had. But this is left to your own discretion.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Garner.)
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 16, 1865.

Colonel E. SURGET:

COLONEL: General Starke with his command and a portion of General Jackson's wagon train are on this side of the Warrior, and General Jackson's division on the east side, and in consequence of high water will not be able to reach here until the evening of the 18th instant. I have sent a steamer to Finch's Ferry to cross General Jackson's command. The pontoon bridge was removed on account of high water. I have also ordered General Roddey's wagon train, with the exception of a sufficient number to transport cooking utensils, to move to this place. There are some several pieces of artillery and about caissons, as some that I have are some what dilapidated. I will order General Strake on his arrival to move as ordered in the direction of Livingston. Some dispatches have been received from Captains Henderson and Harvey, via Selma, and I presume you have received them, as I gave orders for all information to be given you. General Adams will strike the Byler road about thirty miles north of Tuscaloosa, and the latest information I have of Croxton was that he was moving in direction of Decatur, on Tennessee River. I find General Adams' wagon train is in a very bad condition, and I will endeavor to fist it up if you think we will have any use for it. The larger portion of the forage in this country has been consumed by beef cattle, and I find it is in a great abundance in the vicinity [of] Sumterville. In one of your dispatches you mentioned "our former plan." I do not know which you alluded to, as there were two directions spoken of-north and west.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Lieutenant-General.

POST OF DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 16, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Greensborough, Ala.:

I am instructed to forward to you the following order: You will not carry out orders to move to Linden and Antioch. They are countermanded. You will move with your whole command, Starke's brigade, and Adams' wagon train and everything to Gainesville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

