HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 16, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to say that having been informed by Brigadier-General Starke that the ponton at Finch's Ferry has been taken up, he has ordered the steamer Marengo to proceed to Finch's Ferry for the purpose of crossing your command, and that you will move your command to some point below where you can cross your command on the steamer, leaving a dispatch at Finch's Ferry for Captain Stone, commander of the steamer, where you will cross at, in order that he may drop down to the point designated. You will order such stores as cannot be brought in the [sic] be put on the boat and brought to this point. He also directs that your will bring General Roddey's wagon train, leaving a sufficient number of wagons for the purpose of transportating cooking utensils, and direct General Roddey to make requisition and send to this place for such arms as he may require.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Order steamer to drop to Jennings' Ferry.

W. H. J[ACKSON].
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 16, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general directs me to state that after your command has crossed the river you will order the pontoon boats and equipage to be taken to Demopolis on the steam-boat and delivered to Captain Morris, of the Engineer Corps, and to instruct him to advise Lieutenant-General Taylor of the arrival of the pontoon, &amp;c.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 16, 1865.

Brigadier-General TUCKER,

Jackson:

Latest Confederate news from east is from Johnston, of 17 instant. He was still at Smithfield. You get Yankee reports enough in Jackson to make one feel shaky.

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 17, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: Herewith I respectfully transmit you copies of two communications received to-day from below. The substance of them has

