
been telegraphed you by Colonel Levy, to whom I showed the originals. The line couriers and scouts may now be considered as established, and I will give you the earliest information as received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Communication Post.

All the cotton has been rolled out and placed for burning, as directed amotion to about 700 bales.

[Inclosure.]

LINDEN, April 17, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel S. JONES,

Post Commandant, Demopolis:

COLONEL: Your dispatch, per courier, reached me last night at 2 o'clock. From the best information I could them obtain I concluded that Beckly's Landing was the best point to station the scouts. That landing is thirty-five miles by the river below Demopolishe and nine miles from here. But since sending them out I have ascertained that the only communication with Demopolis from that station would be through this place. This would consume too much time in transmission of dispatches. I have since learned that Lewis' Ferry, seven miles above Beckly's, is a better position, and I have ordered them to that place. From there their communication with you will be direct, through Jefferson their communication with you will be direct, through Jefferson, distance sixteen miles. A glance at the map will show you the advantages of the location. The river makes a very sharp bend, requiring a boat to run ten miles around, whilst the point of land is only two miles across. There is a ferry flat at Lewis' by which a portion of the scouts will cross to the west bank of the river, then pass across the point of land, and take position on the river. A boat coming up will then be seen by them ten miles below Lewis', and the scout will only have to ride two miles to cross to the east bank, whilst the boat will be compelled to run ten miles to reach Lewis'. The bend is very difficult to navigate, and I presume you will receive information of the approach by the time could reach Lewis' from the point where it was first seen. I have placed four intelligent and reliable men on this duty, and have instructed them fully, They will report to you direct when anything transpires. Inclosed you will find a dispatches from Captain Smith, received late last night. I presume I will hear from this scouts on the Bigbee River to-day. With the detachment I have with me I will proceed immediately to thoroughly picket the Tombigbee somewhere in the vicinity of Coffeeville. My headquarters will be at Grove Hill. You shall have early and reliable information of anything transpiring on boat rivers. I will retain Captain Smith on the Alabama River, and supposing the other to be the most important, will take charge of the picketing and scouting on the Tombigbe in person.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. H. MILLER,

Colonel Ninth Mississippi Cavalry.

[Sub-inclosure.]

SUGGESVILLE, ALA., April 16, 1865.

Captain [Colonel] H. H. MILLER:

DEAR SIR: We are at Suggesville, and at this point have established the last courier post, eighteen miles from Choctaw Bluff. We sent out

79 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

