HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Elyton, March 29, 1865.

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: My command arrived here at dark last evening. Patterson's regiment, 250 strong, passed through toward Montevallo two hours before our arrival. Move at 10.30 a. m. to secure crossing of Cahawba to-day. Deserters from Roddey's escort report he left Montevallo last Saturday for Grenville to oppose raid from Pensacola. They passed through Tuscaloosa last Wednesday from North Alabama, and report that Chalmers was to be at Tuscaloosa same day. Boat load of corn was sent to meet him there. Citizens say it is rumored that expedition from Pensacola was returning. Send you late papers favorable to us. Will try to find out to-day what is in Montevallo. Hope to be there by noon to-morrow. Alexander has destroyed one foundry and sent a party to another, seven miles up the valley. Abundance of forage here for McCook and long. Division stands it well except battery, the horses of which are much jaded. My opinion is that if the enemy is of any strength he will concentrate at Montevallo or east of Cahawba. Leave main train here. Am anxious for head of McCook's column to appear to guard it in direction of Tuscaloosa.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Cannon's Ford, Locust Fork of Black Warrior,

March 29, 1865-5 p. m.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your note with papers from vicinity of Elyton this morning are just received. The indications seem favorable. push on in the direction of Montevallo and Selma. Look out for Chalmers. I have no doubt the information about his expected arrival at Tuscaloosa is correct. He marched from Columbus on Sunday and Monday (19th and 20th). Was at Pickensville on Tusday, seventy five miles from Tuscaloosa, therefore could not have reached the latter place till about Saturday. His destination if Montevallo. McCook and long will camp to-night of Five-Mile Creek and march at a very early hour in the morning in your direction. I have not yet determined to send to Tuscaloosa till we fully try the fortunes of war toward Selma. I agree with you that the rebels will concentrate on that line. Find out everything you can and keep me advised. The railroad bridge over the Cahawba should be destroyed as soon as possible, and if you find that a regiment can destroy the bridge at Tuscaloosa you may detach one for that purpose. I will join you as soon as possible. In the meantime exercise your discretion in doing what you think best to injure the enemy. Destroy all manner of property that will in any way injure thereby the rebel cause. I will join you as soon as I possibly can. Keep a sharp ear for news of Canby's movement. According to programme it must follow very closely that of the cavalry from Pensacola.

