
a scout yesterday morning from Grove Hill toward Claiborne, and have information that the Federal cavalry were there, about 1,500 strong under General Lucas, but left yesterday evening, as they said, for Montgomery. It is fully confirmed that Colonel Maury's command was badly used up on the 12th, as stated. Colonel Maury was not with them. They were under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Myres. The remnant are said to be near Greensville, still east of the Alabama River. We also sent out a scout to Choctaw Bluff, but it has not report back as yet. We have credible information, however, that Colonel Miles blew up the magazine and evacuated the place on the 14th and went to Owen Bluff. Information has been received here that he had also evacuated that place and gone up the river-of that more fully when our scout reports. We have sent out a scout this morning in the direction of Claiborne also. The Yanks crossed over to this side of the river and carried off negroes and mules. One square in Claiborne was burned. They have left a report behind them that Claiborne will be occupied about the 17th or 18th by General A. J. Smith with the Nineteenth [Sixteenth] Army Corps, numbering about 3,000 men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Couriers.

N. B.-The Yanks are said to have left Claiborne and gone in the direction of Montgomery.

W. T. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Couriers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 48. Meridian, April 18, 1865.

Full rations of bacon, beef, and sugar-say three-quarters of a pound of bacon or one pound and a quarter of beef to the rations, and twelve pounds of sugar to the 100 rations-will be issued to the troops of this department until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPT. HEADQUARTERS, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Meridian, Miss., April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, the inclosed telegram from the surgeon in charge of hospitals, Selma, Ala., giving information of the number of Federal wounded at that place, and the care taken of them. I have also to state that I have received a full report of all Confederate wounded, near Montevallo, amounting to 138. Of this number sixteen have died from their wounds and ninety-seven remained in hospital on the 14th instant, all well cared for, and four-fifths of whom are doing well and will recover.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. SCOTT,

Medical Director.

