
MAJOR LEE'S PLACE,

Near Eastport, April 18, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Forrest's Corps:

MAJOR: arrived here yesterday. Cannot hear of any boa except the Lilly that has passed up to Tuscaloosa and has not returned. Upon inquiry I find there are but two points, Eastport and Erie, that I can reach the river on this side. At this place we have to runup the river nine miles to Choctaw Bluff to get a landing, which would be necessarily a slow operation unless we have eight or ten boats. At erie we run down the river three miles to Haynes' Bluff [sic] impassable from that point to Gainesville, some slough to cross, and should be pleased to hear from the lieutenant-general as to what can be done to cross the command. I received the order to move to Gainesville at 3 p. m. (16th of April). My wagon train is in the vicinity of Eutaw, the loads, the baggage, &amp;c., on this side near Finch's Ferry, the loads, the baggage, &c., on this side near Finch's Ferry, as the wagons were unloaded at the point I received the order to send wagons back.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, or

Lieutenant-Colonel JONES,

Commanding Post, Demopolis:

There are some 200 of Ferguson's cavalry near Dayton, Marengo County. Order the officer commanding them to Selma to report with his command to Colonel Royston for duty. Direct quartermaster, Demopolis, to ship forage to Cahawba River, to be from there haled to selma for use of cavalry. Report execution of this order with name of commander, strength, &c.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST OF DEMOPOLIS, April 18, 1865.

Colonel H. H. MILLER,

Commanding Scouts, Grove Hill, Ala.:

COLONEL: I received last evening the two dispatches you sent me, for which please receive my thanks. Colonel Levy, inspector-general, was here at the time and telegraphed the substance of them to General Taylor, and I sent copies by mail to-day. I send you newspaper for your information as to the passing events. A battery is being established at a point a few miles below here in case gun-boats should come up, and Commander Farrand has or will send down a picket-boat. I hope to hear again from you in the course of the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

I send some orders for Captain J. J. Wheadon, who is either at Clifton or camden, and hope they will reach im at the earliest moment.

