
POST OF DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 18, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF FERGUSON'S CAVALRY,

Near Dayton, Ala.:

The lieutenant general commanding department directs that you report, with the men of your command, to Colonel Y. L. Royston for duty at Selma, Ala., without delay, and that you will acknowledge receipt of this order by return of the courier, giving the strength and condition of your command and name of officer in command. I will order forage to be sent hence to Selma for your horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 10. Canton, Miss., April 18, 1865.

I. The character of the brigade should be as enviable for gentlemanly and soldierly conduct as that it now sustains for gallantry on the field of battle. To insure this end it is hereby ordered that if any member of the brigade, whether with or absent from the command, shall conduct himself in an unsoldierly manner that is calculated to thrown disgrace or odium upon our brigade or loved State, and the same shall be proven before a military commission, if an officer, his name will at once be forwarded to the Secretary of War to be dripped from the rolls, and if an enlisted man he will be transferred to infantry and his horse and equipments to the quartermaster.

II. The brigade commander requests the co-operation of every good soldier to assist him in sustaining and improving the reputation of the Texas brigade. He feels confident that the majority of the men and officers will see the necessity of such and given him their assistance in this course, to protect the character of the brigade and that portion of our State intrusted to our keeping.

III. The prize drill between the regiments of the command will take place on saturday week, the prize to be awarded by competent judges to the best drilled squadron. From this time on regimental commanders will drill their squadrons twice a day. In the morning from 9 a. m. to 11 a. m., and in the evening from 3 p. m. to 5 p. m., and it is hoped that close attention will be given to this exercise.

By order of Colonel D. W. Jones, commanding Ross brigade:

P. B. PLUMMER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 49. Meridian, Miss., April 19, 1865.

I. All officers within this department charged with public property of any description will remain with the same and be held to a strict accountability for any waster or unnecessary destruction thereof, and will make no disposition of it except under orders from competent authority.

II. During the temporary interruption in communication with the chiefs of bureaus at the seat of Government, all officers of the C. S. Army serving in this department will report to the chiefs of their respective departments at these headquarters, who will promptly notify

