
not certainly known. It is believed that they are marching in force on this place. The enemy attacked West Point about the same time, and it is believed that a column is marching from that point in this direction. It is certain that a portion of their force has reached Thomaston, and that is all that is certainly known. The enemy is estimated at 9,000, including both columns. I will endeavor to keep you advised.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Meridian, April 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST,

Ganesville:

Following just received, dated Demopolis to-day, and is reported for your information:

Bands of men representing General Jackson's division are going through this country forcibly dismounting citizens on the road, taking horses, mares, and colts; in some instances presenting and firing on them. I have no power to arrest them.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

General Starke should by to-morrow be in position to stop this.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FORRES'S CAVALRY CORPS,

Gainesville, Ala., April 19, 1865.

Division and brigade commanders will notify their commanders that there is a surplus of Federal money in this department arising from the sales of Government cotton. Being now cut off from Richmond, it may not be possible to pay the command in currency. As there are many soldiers who have families inside the Federal lines where such money is serviceable, it is offered to the entire command at the same rate at which it was received for cotton, yet it is not obligatory upon any to receive it, being altogether a matter of choice. Should soldiers determine to accept this money, the will receive pay to 28th of February ultimo at the ration of $1 in Federal currency for $15 of Confederate currency, the rate at which the cotton was sold.

By command of Lieutenant-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General TUCKER,

Jackson, Miss.:

It is understood Ross brigade captured steamer Union near Yazoo City. Report particulars.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

