HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 20, 1865.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding direct me to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of yesterday. and to say that you had better defer any attempt to cross the river for a day or two, or until the water falls sufficiently to allow you to do so.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Canton, Miss., April 20, 1865.

Captain W. A. PERCY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your communication in regard to the gun-boats at Yazoo City just received. I cannot now send troops across Big Black below Goodman, which is some fifty miles, on account of high water. At Scott's Ferry I think I can cross, with a good deal of difficulty, by to-morrow evening or the next day. I have heard nothing more of the boats, but am expecting a courier from them every hour, and if they are still at Yazoo City I will immediately send 100 men and attempt to drive them away, but cannot do anything but keep them from landing troops, as the river is very high and wide and I have no artillery. In regard to the trading-boats captured or reported captured by my command, I have to say that I sent Lieutenant West with ten dismounted men to Sunflower River for this purpose, but up to this time I have had no report of his operations, but learned from one of his men the intelligence telegraphed you on yesterday. I have sent order to Lieutenant West to rejoin his command, and also report all particulars, &amp;c., and will have the case investigated upon his arrival, and will report to you the result.

Very respectfully, &c.,

DUD. W. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding Ross' Brigade.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Meridian, April 20, 1865.

To the COMMANDERS OF THE COUNTY MILITIA OF ALABAMA:

Separated, as many of you now are, from the Governor of your State and deprived of his advice and the opportunity of communicating with him, it becomes my duty, as departmental commander, to advise the immediate and efficient organization of the country militia. You section of country will no doubt be infested by roving bands of deserters and stragglers, whose efforts will be to intimidate, oppress, and plunder the citizens. A thorough organizations and proper disposition of the country militia will enable the citizens of each county to protect themselves and property from the outrages of such outlaws. I therefore urge you to lose not time in arousing the people of your respective counties to the necessity of their immediate organization into compa-

