
nies for mutual protection. Such assistance as I may be able to give you in furnishing forage, subsistence,and ordnance stores will be promptly given.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding Department.

CHARLOTTE, N. C., April 21, 1865.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

Your telegram of the 18th received. I hope in this trying hour the spirit of the people will be found equal to the occasion and that you will receive the needful aid for the defense of Macon. Numerous absentees, including very many who belonged to captured companies of the Army of Northern Virginia, will furnish the material for an experimental test of your plan of new organizations. Exercise large discretionary power and report to me, that the proper orders, general and special, may be issued to ratify the action taken. In the meantime let it be understood that the organizations are temporary, or contingent, but made by my authority.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

POST OF DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 21, 1865.

Colonel Y. L. ROYSTON,

Commanding Post of Selma:

Ferguson's cavalry has not been ordered to you, as they could not be found at the point indicated. Superintendent refused to carry bacon and meal yesterday, and cannot do so to-day inconsequence of rain, he having no covered car. I have scouts all the way down, and will advise you of movements of gun-boats, if any. Have you any courier-line, and in what direction?

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

POST OF DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 22, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of 20th by courier was handed to me at 10 o'clock last night. I immediately went on board the Southern Republic and haded the inclosed to Commander Farrand, who after reading it desired me to say that he would take pleasure in carrying out what was therein indicated. I have just been informed that the steamer Virginia, instead of coming up to this place as ordered, is now at a place called Three Rivers, about fifteen miles above McIntosh Bluff, loading cotton for Mobile, and I am starting a courier to Colonel Miller with the information and a request that the capture the boat if possible and send here here; but if this cannot be done, to burn boat and cotton rather then let her go to the enemy. I had no scout reports yesterday or last night except the couriers I sent to Prairie Bluff, on Alabama River, who returned last evening and report no enemy in that section of country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

