
to further movements as soon as practicable. If you wish me to remain here longer than to-morrow please to send ten men and can keep you posted. Sergeant Jenkins is now with me with one man; I have four men with me now and ought to have at least fifteen.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. POLLARD,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

P. S.-I left Sergeant Dawkins and one man to picket road leading from Cintronelle and Mount Vernon. Please to have him relieved.

P.

DEMOPOLIS, April 24, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

Courier from Suggsville at 9 o'clock last night reports that Yankee General Lucas camped at Mount Pleasant, Monroe County, night before last with a force of 5,000 to 6,000. Citizens say he stated to them his intention of garrisoning Selma. Claiborne has been evacuated by the enemy. Nothing now at Choctaw Bluff. No report from Bigbee River.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 24, 1865.

Captain W. T. SMITH,

Suggsville, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of yesterday is at hand, and I thank you for the information, which i have forwarded to General Taylor. He is very estrous of having the earliest advice from the Bigbee at all points as low down as possible, which please bear in mind. A line of couriers has been established from Elm Bluff, Dallas County, on to Eufaula, Barbour County, Ala., with a view of opening communications with the east, and General Taylor directs that a line be established from Elm Bluff to this place. Please, therefore, take this matter in hand, as you have all the men of your command with your except the four left here. I have tried to establish the line to Selma through Colonel Royston, commanding that post, but he informs me that he has not a single mounted man at his disposal. I send you some envelopes as requested. Rumors are as thick as blackberries, but not worth credence.

Very respectfully,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, April 24, 1865.

Colonel Y. L. ROYSTON,

Commanding Post, Selma:

A courier-line has been established from Elm Bluff, Dallas County, to Eufaula, for the purpose of communicating with the east. General Taylor considers this an important matter, and desires that a courier-

