
line be immediately established to Elm Bluff, so as to have the earliest intelligence by the wires from Selma. Can you not use some of Goldsby's men for this purpose? All my scouts are below this.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, April 24, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Have just received your dispatch of yesterday, 6 p. m., informing the lieutenant-general that you received Major Holt's dispatch to move to Bragg's Bluff, and that Bell's brigade and battery had crossed, &amp;c. I will forward a synopsis to the lieutenant-general, who is at present in Demopolis. The boats at Bragg's Bluff will be ready to cross your command, as Major Holt is now there and making preparations to cross both your own and General Adams' command.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Bragg's Bluff, April 24, 1865-6 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Move on your command to this place at once. Do not wait for your wagons; let them follow. There are boats here which can cross your command over the Bigbee in twelve hours. Start your command on as soon as you receive this dispatch. The order to move a portion of your command to Demopolis was given under the presumption that a large part of your command was still east of the Warrior, and it would be easier to cross at McDowell's than to ferry both the Warrior and Tombigbee. But as the boats are now here, move everything to this place. Let your cavalry come right along as soon as you get this, as General Adams' command will be out of your way by the time the head of your column can get here. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say also that he will return to Demopolis in the morning, but the wishes you to cross the Bigbee here and select you a camp in the neighborhood of Livington, or between that and Gainesville, where you can get forage, so as to be in supporting distance of Generals Adams and Starke, who are near Livingston.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' DIVISION OF CAVALRY,Macon, Miss., April 24, 1865.

Colonel E. CROSSLAND,

Commanding Kentucky Brigade Cavalry, Crawfordsville, Miss.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move your brigade at once to West Point, where you will go into camp.

