
McGEE'S,

Near Kushla, April 25, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

Your dispatches relative to truce between Generals Sherman and Johnston, and relative to permission to couriers to pass to Corinth, received. I have forwarded information as directed to General Canby.

JAS. R. CURELL.

McGEE'S,

Near Kushla, April 25, 1865.

Colonel P. B. SPENCE,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of original nd duplicate of dispatch from Lieutenant-General Taylor, of 24th instant, relative to truce between Generals Johnston and Sherman. Please forward accompanying dispatch to General Taylor, * if Captain Moore cannot send it, for which I know no reason.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CURELL,

Major, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,In the Field, April 25, 1865.

SOLDIERS: The enemy have originated and sent through our lines various and conflicting dispatches indicating the surrender of General Robert E. lee and the Army of Northern Virginia. A morbid appetite for news and sensation rumors has magnified a simple flag of truce from Lieutenant General Taylor to General Canby at Mobile into a mission for negotiating the terms of surrender of the troops of his department. Your commanding general desires to say to you that no credence should be given to such reports; nor should they for moment control the actions or influence the feelings, sentiments, or conduct of the troops of this command. On the contrary, from Southern sources and now published in our papers, it is reported that General Lee has not surrendered; that cessation of hostilities has been agreed upon between Generals Johnston and Sherman for the purpose of adjusting the difficulties and differences now existing between the Confederate and the United state of American. Also that since the evacuation of Richmond and the death of abraham Lincoln, Grant has lost in battle and by desertion 100,000 men. As your commandeer he further assures you that at this time, above all others, it is the duty of every man to stand firm at his post and true to this colors. Your past services, your gallant and heroic conduct on many victorious fields, forbid the thought that you will ever ground your arms except with honor. Duty to your country, to yourselves, and the gallant dead who have fallen in this great struggle for liberty and independence, demand that every man should continue to do his whole duty. With undiminished confidence in your courage and fortitude, and knowing you now will not disregard the claims of honor, patriotism, and manhood, and those of the women

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

