
and children of the country, so long defended by your strong arms and willing hearts, he announces his determination to stand by you, stay with you, and lead you to the end. A few days more will determine the truth or falsity of all the reports now in circulation. In the meantime let those who are now absent from their commands for the purpose of mounting themselves, or otherwise, return without delay. In conclusion, be firm and unwavering, discharging promptly and faithfully every duty devolving upon you. Preserve untarnished the reputation you have so nobly won, and leave results to Him who in wisdom controls and governs all things.

N. B. FORREST,

Lieutenant-General.

JACKSON, TENN., April 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General JACKSON:

SIR: Your letter of the 15th instant was received a few days since and contents noted, and would have commenced collecting the stock immediately, but the waters have been so high that it was impossible to do anything in the matter; but will press the matter closely and forward them to the designated point at as early a day as possible. I have made arrangements to have you a fine mare brought from Paducah, Ky., according to your request, which I think will answer you purpose. I have procured you the bugles and flag material, which will be forwarded as soon as the waters of the Hatchie will permit of transportation. Captain Cushman has been killed. Swingler has disappeared and left no trail or token of his whereabouts, and Captain Lucas escaped me. He ran when I tried to arrest. I fired on him, but without any effect. Colonel Chenoweth is operating in the portion of the country north of this power and command. The Tennessee absentees are reporting cheerfully and as rapidly as I could well expect, and I am confident of organizing a good command out of the material in my reach.

Inform at as early a day as possible where you headquarters are, as it is important to me to be so informed at all times, and I remain yours, respectfully,

JNO. F. NEWSOM,

Colonel, &amp;c.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,

Bragg's Bluff, April 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General BELL,

Commanding Brigade Cavalry:

GENERAL: You will move with your command at once to this point, there being three boats now waiting to cross it. Communicate this order to your to General Jackson, commanding division,through whom it should be sent but for the delay.

By command of Lieutenant-General Forrest:

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

