
DEMOPOLIS, April 25, 1865.

Captain W. T. SMITH,

Ninth Mississippi Cavalry, Suggsville, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: I received last night your dispatch of 4 p. m., 23rd instant, and in reply would say that, as we now have no boats on the Alabama River, we can have no use for wood there, and any one engaged in hauling wood to the river is giving aid and comfort to the enemy, and therefore in every case where you are satisfied that the wood is for the enemy use you will have it burnt and take possession of the teams engaged in hauling it. In regard to the cotton, if it is there, it is likely to be found and carried away by the enemy. You will direct the owners to have it hauled into the interior for safe-keeping, and if they refuse or neglect to do this, General Taylor's instructions are to burn it rather than let it go into the hands of the Yankees; but burning must only be resorted to as the last necessity. Have you any information of boats being on either river? The preparation of wood seems to indicate that they are there or expected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' DIVISION OF CAVALRY,Macon, Miss., April 25, 1865.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Baldwyn, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Armstrong, commanding division, to say to you that he is informed by Lieutenant-General Forrest that you have been ordered to report to him. He desires that you should keep scouts out in the direction of Eastport and Grand Junction, to observe and report any movements of the enemy at Eastport and Memphis. All information will be forwarded promptly to these headquarters. Division headquarters will remain here for a day or two and will then be removed to Artesia, where a telegraph office will be opened.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, April 26, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

A courier just in from Colonel Miller reports as follows:

COFFEEVILLE, April 24, 1865-2 p. m.

The enemy are reported in heavy force to be advancing up the west bank of the Bigbee. Yesterday they were reported at Saint Stephen's. These reports come from citizens, and can be taken for what they are worth. Yesterday heavy firing was heard accurate report of the state of affairs below. No news from the Alabama to-day, except a citizen's report of the crossing of 400 Yankees at clifton night before last.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

