
DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 26, 1865.

Captain W. T. SMITH,

Adjutant Ninth Mississippi Cavalry, Suggsville, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: I received last evening your dispatch of 1 p. m., 24th instant, and am obliged to you for the information it contained. General Forrest desires to know through me how many men you now have on courier and scout duty. If necessary your force can be increased on your application. Please say to Colonel Miller that General Taylor looks to him and his scouts for the earliest and most reliable information from all points on both rivers as low down as possible. I inclose a letter* for Mr. John C. Deas, at Choctaw Bluff, which please send to him as early as convenient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MAGEE'S FARM, April 27, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Meridian:

General Canby appoints Magee's farm, twelve miles from Mobile, and Saturday, 29th instant, at noon, as place and time for your interview. I have replied that I did not expect you could arrive until evening. He will be here himself at noon. I will remain here until you arrive.

JAS. R. CURELL,

Major, &amp;c.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 27, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

A courier just in from Colonel Miller, at Conffeeville, 25th instant, reports:

Nothing new from enemy below. A scouting party has been sent down the Bigbee with orders to proceed until they find the enemy and learn their strength and movements, which will be reported. The Federal messengers are not expected here until this evening from Selma.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 27, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

General Taylor moved from Selma toward Meridian. Cannot communicate with him, as enemy occupy Selma. An advance is threatened on this place. Force here small. Can any re-enforcements be sent to hold it?

D. W. ADAMS.

[Indorsement.]

Answer, General Cobb has been directed, as far as practicable, to aid in the defense of Alabama.

J. D.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

