HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Gainesville, Ala., April 28, 1865.

SOLDIERS: I desire to express my satisfaction at the behavior of my division amount friends and citizens, and their gallant bearing in the face of the enemy in the later campaign, and my pride in being favored as your commander. Permit me to request that you will not heed or pay the slightest attention to the idle rumors which are daily reaching you, and to especially disregard as unworthy of a Southerner the despondent talk of the weak and craven-hearted, whether such be officers of high or low rank, soldiers, or citizens. Spurn their counsel and shun their society, and with a firm and unalterable conviction of your rights, coupled with your ability to maintain them, be true to the principles you have espoused and advocated. Let it be said when the struggle is over and we have gained our independence, that in the trying hour this division of Tennesseeans near evinced the faintest sign of despondency. The present is the time to act. Should reverses befall us we must meet them like men. Be the truth good or bad, when it reaches me in a reliable and tangible form, you shall have it. Until then I feel that I have only to ask you to be firm and steadfast, and a righteous God will reward your confidence.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEMOPOLIS, April 28, 1865.

The operator at Cahawba bridge will deliver the following message:

General J. B. HOOD:

General Taylor directs me to say that he has an appointment compelling his departure from Meridian this evening, and before you can get there. Telegraph to him in full what you wish to say. Operator here can be relieved on, and you can take steps to insure secrecy on part of operator who transmits your message.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, April 28, 1865.

Colonel H. H. MILLER,

Suggsville, Ala.:

COLONEL: Two days since I sent to General Taylor a copy of your letter of 24th instant for his information and any instruction he might have to give, but so far I have had no reply. The scouts on the Alabama River seem to have entirely neglected their duty, as the enemy fleet [sic] to Cahawba and Selam without any notice being sent me. I trust this will not be the case on the Bigbee. I cannot now tell you what is the position of affairs, and where we are to fetch up; but one thing is certain, an armistice has been agreed on between Johnston and Sherman for the settlement of our difficulties, and a messenger passed here this morning on his way to General Taylor with dispatches from General Johnston, requesting that the armistice may be extended over this department. A Federal officer left Selma for Mobile yesterday with a similar request from Sherman to Canby. Steele, who is in command at Selma, says he will respect it, and Wilson, at Macon, Ga., says the same.

