SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Numbers 12. Near Cuba Station, April 29, 1865.

* * *

II. Asst. Surg. W. J. Bull will report to Major Semple, commanding battalion of artillery, for assignment to duty with Slocomb's battery.

By command of Major General D. H. Maury:

CHAS. L. C. DUPUY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE LINES, April 30, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian:

Have arranged with General Canby for cessation of hostilities until resumed on forty-eight hours' notice by either party. Mobile and Ohio Railroad to be repaired for use of citizens only. No new military movements or changes from present dispositions to be made until notice as above stated. Notify Generals Maury and Forrest, with instructions to latter to stop all scouting outside of our lines. Instruct him to so direct all of his subordinate commanders; also advise him that details of the arrangement will be published in orders; also to send reliable officers under flag of truce a to find General Croxton and advise him of this armistice and of that between Generals Johnston and Sherman, both of which are made with the view of final settlement of difficulties. General Croxton, under this arrangement, must not move, unless back to his former line in Tennessee Valley, nor forage on the country after the receipt of this information. His supplies must be purchased. Will reach Meridian about 5 p. m. Tell Major Young to have ambulance at depot.

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, April 30, 1865.

Lieutenant-General FORREST:

Lieutenant-General Taylor directs me to inform you as follows: That he has arranged which General Canby for cessation of hostilities until resumed on forty eight hours' notice by either party. No new movements or changes from present disposition of troops to be made until such notice. Notify immediately all subordinate commanders that scouting outside our lines will cease. Details of armistice will be published in orders. Send reliable officer under flag of truce to find General Croxton and advise him of it; also of that between Generals Johnston and Sherman, both of which are made with view to final settlement of difficulties. Under these arrangements General Croxton cannot move [copy mutilated] back to his former line in Tennessee [copy mutilated] nor forage on the country after receipt of this information. By terms of General Sherman's agreement his supplies must be paid for.

E. SURGET,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding, &amp;c.)

