
DEMOPOLIS, April 30, 1865.

Captain W. F. SMITH,

Suggsville, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of 28th came to hand last night. In regard to an authority to exchange worn-out horses for fresh ones, I think we had better await the result of the present armistice, which will be decided in a few days. But in order to be prepared for any contingency perhaps it would be well for Colonel Miller to make an application through me to General Taylor stating the facts and necessity of his making the exchange, and I will send it up with the recommendation that the authority be granted. I learn officially that the armistice will be rejected by the enemy in this department, but hear nothing as yet from General Taylor on the subject, he having left Meridian night before last for some point toward Mobile, Ala., and meet General Canby or an officer from him. What the result of the interview may be can only be left to conjecture. We must hope for the best, although the appearances are very discouraging. There seems now to be no doubt of the surrender of Lee. Please forward this and the newspaper to Colonel Miller.

Very respectfully,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., April 30, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

The following information is just received from Lieutenant-McConnell, of Henderson's scouts, dated Prattville, Ala., april 27, 6 a. m.

The larger portion of Smith's force is camped one mile above Jackson's Ferry, Alabama River. They have pontooned the rive to the west side, and commit all manner of depredations. Smith Sayt he is officially informed of the surrender of R. E. Lee with his whole army. I am almost certain that Lee has surrendered, but with only a small portion of his army, the balance scattering in all directions, while some have gone to Johnston. The truce only applies to the respective armies of each, and does not reach this department. Federals say that Johnston also has surrendered, but no official notice is given. No gun-boats or transports yet arrived. Smith's army short of provisions, and will subsist on the country if their boats do not get up. Wilson is encamped six miles from Macon, awaiting resumption of hostilities.

Lieutenant McConnell wishes instructions from General Forrest through me here. His boats reported in the Bigbee.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Please telegraph the above on the Lieutenant General N. B. Forrest, at Gainesville, Ala.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 11. Near Sumterville, Ala., May 1, 1865.

'Tis the sad duty of your division commander to announce the death of one of our most gallant and heroic offices. Captain Addison Hervey, commanding scouts, was assassinated in Columbus, Ga., while in the discharge of his duty, assisting the commandant of the post in restoring order, by a citizen of that place, on the 19th instant. Serving with

