
DEMOPOLIS, May 1, 1865.

Captain W. F. SMITH,

Suggsville, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: I received last evening, your dispatch of 29th ultimo. I did not intend you to think I was finding fault with your efficiency, as I take it for granted you did best, yet the fact exists that the enemy's fleet got up to Selma between your notice of their being at Gainestown Landing and the next courier I had from you. Inclosed please find two official copies of a telegram* received by me last night. Retain one for your own use and send the other to Colonel Miller for his information. Your scouts will continue their duty as heretofore and gain all possible information as to the enemy's movements, if they make any. It is expected the armistice will be respected by them as it will be by us, and you and Colonel Miller will please give the necessary orders to your scouts and pickets. The printed order will be sent you as soon as received. No paper published to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, GA., May 2, 1865-10.15 a. m.

MY DEAR SIR: We had intended to move this morning and had prepared our wagons and ambulances, which are now standing ready to start. We have excellent drivers, teams,and conveyances, a supply of forage and provisions, and are prepared for a long and continuous march. The ladies and children are well and have bene kindly entertained at Doctor Ficklen's, where they still are. Our route was changed by the tidings of General Johnston's surrender of the department east of the Chattahoochee. Wilson was ordered by Sherman to execute the terms of capitulation at Macon and in Western Georgia. Gillmore was ordered to take charge in the Department of the South, which seems to include this place and Abbeville. Wilson has a mobilized cavalry column, which could readily blockade the roads through Western Georgia, and thus make the route through Atlanta dangerous. gillmore is expected to send up troops from Savannah to-day to occupy Augusta, and may send a small body of men to this place at once to take possession of the Government property which is known to be here. It becomes desirable for us to move at once, therefore,and the safest route seems to lie between Macon and Augusta, running through Sandersville and thence south and southwest into Central Florida, whence we can strike for the coast, as we may find it practicable, with a view to procuring shipping. We are ready to over as I have said, and should have done to this morning, but Major Moses has just returned from Abbeville, which place he left at 2 p. m. yesterday, and tells me that he saw a quartermaster who left the President at Unionville night before last, and that forage was sent yesterday, and tells me that he saw a quartermaster who left the President at Unionville night before last, and that forage was sent yesterday from Abbeville to Stokesville for the horses of part of the President's cavalry escort, which was to halt there last night. We have thence supposed that the President is in Abbeville to-day and that this town may be on his line of march. If so, he will probably be here to-morrow. If not so, we should be glad to be informed at once in order to determine our own movements. Mrs. Davis is very anxious to see him if she can do so

---------------

*Not found, but it was probably a notification to Jones of cessation of hostilities.

---------------

