
CIRCULAR ORDERS.] HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Canton, Miss., May 2, 1865.

The colonel commanding brigade takes pleasure in extending to the troops of the brigade his gratitude for the very hand some manner in which they acquitted themselves under the trying circumstances yesterday. The object of the drill was accomplished. It was not so much for the prize, but for improvement in drill that you have been laboring. Your success was of your own efforts. Your efforts elicited compliments from those who witnessed your movements and would have reflected credit upon the finest infantry. The men and officers of the battalion have every reason to be proud of their improvement, though they did not drill before the assemblage. The prize was awarded by the appointed judges to the Ninth Texas Cavalry Squadron, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Bates, as being he best drilled in the various movements. The command, after this, will be drilled as cavalry, and it is hoped that similar success may crown your efforts, exercising on horseback two hours each evening, from 3 to 5 o'clock.

By order of Colonel D. W. Jones, commanding Ross brigade.

P. B. PLUMMER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABBEVILLE, S. C., May 3, 1865-9 p. m.

BURTON N. HARRISON:

MY DEAR SIR: The courier has just delivered yours, and I hasten to reply. I will leave here in an hour, and if my horse can stand it will go on rapidly to Washington. The change of route was, I think, judicious, under the probabilities of the enemy's movements. I can, however, learn nothing reliable, and have to speculate. I think all their efforts are directed for my captured and that my family is safest when farthest from me. I have the bitterest disappointment in regard to the feeling of our troops, and would not have any one I love dependent upon their resistance against an equal force.

Many thanks for your kind attentions, and hoping, as time and circumstances will serve, to see you, I am, as ever, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

P. S.-Be governed by the movements of the enemy, and take no risk for the purpose of gratifying my desire to see all.

MAY 3, 1865-9.45 a. m.

To the PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: The troops are on west side of the Savannah,and a guard at the bridge. A picket which left Cokesbury after dark last evening reports no enemy at that point. I have directed scouts on the various roads this side the river. The condition of the troops is represented as a little better, but by no means satisfactory. They cannot be relied on as a permanent military force. I beg leave to repeat the opinions expressed in your room last evening. Please let me known where you are. I will try to see you sometime to-day. I would go forward now, but am quite unwell.

Yours, truly,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.

