
HALF MILE WEST OF THE SAVANNAH BRIDGE,

May 3, 1865-8 p. m.

President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: I have not heard from you in answer to my note of this day and the condition of things here, together with great fatigue, have prevented my going forward. Nothing can be done with the bulk of this command. It has been with difficulty that anything has been kept in shape. I am having the silver paid to the troops and will, in any event, save the gold and have it brought forward in the morning, when I hope Judge Reagan will take it. Many of the men have thrown away their arms. Most of them have resolved to remain there under Vaughn and Dibrell and will make terms. A few hundred men will move on and may be depended on for the object we spoke of yesterday. I would respectfully and earnestly repeat the suggestions I them made. Let me know if you desire me to adopt any other course then that proposed. If you are at Washington, or this side, I can ride forward in the morning to see you.

Yours, very truly,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

P. S., 9 p. m.-Your note of 3.15 p. m. this date just received. What I have written above explains condition of affairs. The specie train could not have been moved on but for the course adopted. Out of nearly 4,000 men present, but a few hundred could be relieved on, and they were intermixed with the mass. Threats have just reached me to seize the whole amount but I hope the guard at hand will be sufficient.

J. C. B.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., No.-. One Mile and a half West of the Savannah Bridge, Ga., May 3, 1865.

Major E. C. White, senior quartermaster, will take charge of silver (in specie and bullion) belonging to the Government, and estimated at $108,322.90. He will distribute the specie proportionately to the troops present, upon certified returns of the strength of their command by the several brigade commanders. He will correctly estimate the value of the bullion in coin; and will pay in gold, placed in his hands for the purpose as above required for the distribution of the silver in specie.

By command of the Secretary of War:

W. J. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISS., ALA., AND EAST LA.,

Meridian, Miss., May 3, 1865.

Major General D. H. MAURY:

GENERAL: Your communication of yesterday is before me. I addressed a letter to you last evening, explaining at some length the terms of the proposed surrender of the troops in this department, should such a step in my judgment become necessary. I have now to add that the fullest observance of what are technically termed "military honors' will be demanded by me, and I believe conceded by Major-General Canby in that event. You will explain to your troops that a

