
shore to-day, as my picket-boats were attacked from there at daylight this morning by 100-pounder rifles drawn by six horses each, but we have now, 10 a. m., silenced them entirely, and are shelling up to the lower works all the distance from Dog River. So soon as I can command the necessary steam power will endeavor to tow your marsh mortars from New Orleans, although Captain Emmons thinks that they will probably make bad worse unless it is perfectly smooth.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

P. S.-Nothing approached the forts last night from up river, as I had twelve row picket-boats up river all night.

MARCH 29, 1865.

Major-General CANBY:

I have just learned that one of your rafts for mortars has been sent round by U. S. steamer Bienville, and may be expected soon.

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

MARCH 29, 1865.

General CANBY:

We have lost Osage by torpedo. Cannot attack forts yet.

[H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.]
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Fort Gaines, March 29, 1865-3 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Your telegram of yesterday, sent through Brigadier-General Bailey, directing the battery of 8-inch siege howitzers and another battery of 30-pounder Parrotts to the front, has just been received. The battery of 8-inch howitzers may be considered as on its way, being loaded, and the steamer Raven ordered to tow the barge containing it to Belle Rose Wharf. However, as regards that battery, it will prove of no service, inasmuch as the ammunition for it is in process of preparation at Fort Morgan, and will not be in thorough readiness, so far as shells particularly are concerned, for two or three days to come. The 30-pounder battery is ordered to embark from this place on the Iberville at once. Will probably leave here by 9 a. m. I have sent forward an ample supply of field artillery ammunition, as also siege and small-arm ammunition, all of which I have every reason to believe will reach you before night fall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

