
POST OF DEMOPOLIS, May 4, 1865-6 p. m.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My adjutant has just returned from Selma. General Andrews says he will respect the armistice, and disavows the burning at Harrell's Cross-Roads.* Will not agree to the running of the train to Valley Creek without an interview with Colonel Price, president of the road, and a guarantee from the military authorities. Nothing in the Bigbee.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, May 5, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

Captain Smith, of scouts, reports at 10 a. m. yesterday as follows:

Three more boats passed down the Alabama River last night. Lieutenant Owens, at Lower Peach Tree, burned about 200 bales cotton. The enemy were only a few minutes too late to get it. There is more within two miles of the river which he will burn if the enemy attempt to take it. The cotton taken from Claiborne was after the armistice was agreed upon, and was therefore an infringement of the armistice. Have the Federals a right now to carry off the negroes, as they are doing in large droves? Nothing in the Bigbee.

Please give me (Lieutenant Colonel S. Jones) instructions as to what rules of conduct I am to be governed by under the existing state of affairs, as I am without general instructions for my guidance. There has been some pillaging of public property without my knowledge, but I now have everything under guard.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, May 5, 1865.

Major G. B . DYER,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence Department:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that terms of capitulation have been agreed upon between Generals Taylor and Canby. You are therefore directed to be in readiness, as well as all the officers under your control, to complete the details pertaining to your department as speedily as possible, that no unnecessary delay may occur i the final settlement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major J. W. Young, chief quartermaster; Major William H. Dameron, chief commissary of subsistence for Mississippi; Major John J. Walker, chief commissary of subsistence for Alabama; Major L. Mims, chief quartermaster for Mississippi; Major E. H. Ewing, chief quartermaster for transportation; Major George Whitfield, chief railroad transportation; Major J. K. McCall, chief ordnance department, and Colonel S. H. Lockett, chief engineer department.)

---------------

*See Jones to Steele, May 2, p. 576.

---------------

81 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

