HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION,May 5, 1865.

Major SEMPLE:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding has been officially informed that the lieutenant-general commanding and General Canby have agreed upon terms of capitulation for the troops, &amp;c., of this department.

Very respectfully, &c.,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST OF DEMOPOLIS, ALA., May 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: Herewith I respectfully transmit you a copy of General Andrews' letter to me from Selma respecting the armistice.* You will observe that nothing is said about the railroad, but he sent me a message by my adjutant saying that he could enter into no arrangements about the road without first seeing the president, Colonel Price, who lives at Uniontown, and having a guarantee from the military authorities. Colonel Price has gone to Selma to see him. Lieutenant-Colonel White and Lieutenant Compton, of the arsenal, passed through here two days since, but did not take the funds still in my hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., May 6, 1865-5 p. m.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

Your three telegrams of this date have just come in together. I telegraphed you yesterday that Colonel Price had gone to Selma to attend to the running of the train to that place. It started through to-day to Valley Creek. Where is Captain Cuney, assistant quartermaster, and where are the provisions for Selma to go from? If trains now run to Valley Creek, as is stated, provisions can be carried within half a mile of the fortifications of Selma by the railroad. Answer.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

CIRCULAR ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' CAVALRY BRIGADE, No.-. Canton, Miss., May 5, 1865.

Commanders of regiments will have their respective commands notified that if any officer or man is found guilty of using or appropriating for his own use any Government property, such as mules, &c., he will be at once arrested and turned over to the Federal authorities. Public property must be respected.

By order of Colonel D. W. Jones, commanding Ross' brigade:

P. B. PLUMMER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

