
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA, Numbers 54. Meridian, Miss., May 6, 1865.

I. The surrender of General Lee's army on the 9th of April and of General Johnston on the 26th of April included all Confederate forces east of the Mississippi, excepting the small army under my command, and virtually ended the war of ar as any promise of ultimate success east of the Mississippi was concerned. With the Mississippi impassable for troops it was impossible to withdraw toward the west and we could accomplish no good by prolonging a useless struggle here against overwhelming numbers. One convinced of these facts, my duty as departmental commanders was to stop the further loss of life and devastation of States already impoverished by war, and, whilst still in my power to do so, make such terms for my troops as would preserve their honor and best protect them and the people generally within my department from the further ravages of war. That duty has been performed and the terms of surrender are appended. All was conceded that I demanded. I demanded all that was necessary or proper. We preserve in the strictest sense what are technically known as "military honors." The troops will turn in their arms to their own ordnance officers. They are to be paroled by commissioners selected for that purpose. They are to be subjected to no humiliation or degradation. Both officers and enlisted men are to retain their private horses. Troops will preserve their present organizations, officers, remaining with their commands until paroled and sent home in a body. They will have transportation and subsistence to their homes furnished at public expense. The intelligence, comprehensive, and candid bearing, pending negotiations, of Major-General Canby, U. S. Army, to whom I have surrendered, entitle him to our highest respect and confidence. his liberality and fairness make it the duty of each and all of us to faithfully execute our part of the contract. The honor of all us is involved in an honest adherence to tis terms. The officer or man who fails to observe them is an enemy to the defenseless women and children of the South and will deserve the severest penalties that can disgrace a soldier.

II. Memorandum of the conditions of the surrender of the forces, munitions of war, &amp;c., in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, commanded by Lieutenant General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, to Major General Edward R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, entered into on this 4th day of May, 1865, at Citronelle, Ala.:

1. The officers and men to be paroled until duly exchanged, or otherwise released from the obligations of their parole by the authority of the Government of the United States. Duplicate rolls of all officers and men surrendered to be made, one copy of which will be delivered to the officer appointed by Major-General Canby and the other retained by the officer appointed by Lieutenant-General Taylor; officers giving their individual paroles and commanders of regiments, batteries companies, or detachments signing a like parole for the men of their respective commands.

2. Artillery, small arms, ammunition, and all other property of the Confederate Government to be turned over to the officers appointed for that purpose on the part of the Government of the United States. Duplicate inventories of the property surrendered to be prepared, one copy to be retained by the officer delivering and the other by the officer receiving it, for the information of their respective commanders.

3. The officers and men paroled under this agreement will be allowed to return tot heir homes, with the assurance that they will not be disturbed by the authorities of the United States so long s they continue to observe the conditions of their paroles and the laws in force where they reside, except that persons residents of Northern States will not be allowed to return without permission.

4. The surrender of property will not include the side-arms or private horses or baggage of officers.

