
5. All horses which are, in good faith, the private property of enlisted men will not be taken from them; the men will be permitted to take such with them to their homes, to be used for private purposes only.

6. The time and place of the surrender will be fixed by the respective commanders, and will be carried out by the commissioners appointed by them.

7. The terms and conditions of the surrender to apply to officers and men belonging to the armies lately commanded by Generals Lee and Johnston, now in this department.

8. Transportation and subsistence to be furnished at public cost for the officers and men after surrender to the nearest practicable point to their homes.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

III. To settle all doubt or difficulty hereafter as to the meaning of the term Northern States, in paragraph 3, Major-General Canby has applied to the War Department at Washington for full instructions. Until he receives an answer Major-General Canby agrees that all officers and men whose positions may depend on the construction placed on said paragraph shall remain together at any point within his department they may select, and be there provisioned an cared for at public expense.

IV. In negotiating with Major-General Canby for terms for my troops I called his attention to the necessities of the people of the States and parts of States commanded by me. He will be found liberal and just, animated by an honest desire to do all in his power to prevent unnecessary hardship and suffering. My advice, therefore, to all is to yield to the circumstances which surround them, and to honestly and faithfully perform those duties as citizens upon which must depend their future prosperity and happiness.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 122. Meridian, May 6, 1865.

I. Major J. J. Walker, C. S. Army, and chief commissary of subsistence for the State of Alabama, together with his assistant, Captain V. M. Burnes, assistant commissary of subsistence, and the attaches of his office, will proceed to Mobile, Ala, his late official headquarters, and report at the headquarters of Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding U. S. forces at that point, for the purpose of giving their paroles and turning over to the U. S. authorities the public property intrusted to the charge of the said Major Walker.

II. Major W. H. Dameron, C. S. Army, and chief commissary of subsistence for the State of Mississippi, will proceed to Mobile, Ala., and report at the headquarters of Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding U. S. forces at that point, for the purpose of giving his parole and making arrangement for the delivery to the U. S. authorities of the public property instructed to his charge, after which he will return to his official headquarters at Meridian, Miss.

* * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,Assistant Adjutant-General.

