
DEMOPOLIS, ALA., May 6, 1865.

Colonel H. H. MILLER,

Conffeeville, Ala.:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of Lieutenant Owens' dispatch of the 4th instant, and Captain Smith's of 5th instant, and note their contents. As before advised, I have written and telegraphed to Lieutenant-General Taylor for instructions, but up to this time am without any orders from him as to what line of policy I am to pursue. Report says he is till below Meridian perfecting his negotiations and that they will be favorable to us, but I can given you nothing official. Should the enemy violate the armistice in the way they are reported to do, by taking off cotton, mules, horses, and negroes, it still will not justify us in violating it on our part. If we have made bargain with them let us stick to the terms of the contact so far as we are concerned, and if they do not do so let the shame and dishonor fall on them, not us. Under existing arrangements I do not think that we ought to burn cotton, even to save it from the hands of the enemy. Let us keep ourselves on the right side. The paper heretofore published here has been stopped, but I send you one or two from Selma of the latest date I have, and a pamphlet copy of the armistice. The trains are now running from this place to Selma. Just so soon as I have anything official I will send it to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SEMPLE'S BATTALION,

Cuba Station, May 6, 1865.

The battalion will march in the morning toward Meridian. Reveillee will be sounded at 3.30 a. m., the horses fed and baggage packed as early as possible. The batteries must be ready to move at 5 a. m. They will move in the following order: Tobin's battery first, Slocomb's next, and the Third Missouri Battery in the rear. The trains will move in the rear of the batteries. Each battery commander will detail two men to march with the train under the orders of the acting quartermaster, and cause them to report to him at 4 a. m. The utmost promptness is enjoined, as we will otherwise interfere with the infantry who will march in our rear.

Respectfully,

HENRY C. SEMPLE,

Major, Commanding.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., May 7, 1865.

OFFICER IN COMMAND OF THE BATTERIES AT MOSCOW, ALA.:

SIR: I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Taylor to direct you with your command to immediately join Major-General Maury. General Maury I believe is at Cuba Station, and you will therefore take the proper means of getting there as quickly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

