
DEMOPOLIS, May 7, 1865.

Colonel H. H. MILLER,

Ninth Mississippi Cavalry, Coffeeville, Ala.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-General Taylor, commanding department, directs that you immediately withdraw all your scouts and pickets, and with your command will report at this post. Should any other than your own troops be in your vicinity please direct them by the same authority to rendezvous at this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION,Six Miles east of Meridian, May 7, 1865.

SOLDIERS: Our last march is almost ended. To-morrow we shall lay down the arms which we have borne for four years to defend our rights-to win our liberties. We have borne them with honor, and we only now surrender to the overwhelming power of the enemy, which has rendered further resistance hopeless and mischievous to our own people and cause. But we shall never forget the noble comrades who have stood shoulder to shoulder with us until now, the noble dead who have been martyred, the noble Southern women who have been wronged and are unavenged, or the noble principles for which we have fought. Conscious that we have played our part like men, confident of the righteousness of our cause, without regret for our past action and without despair of the future, let us to-morrow, with the dignity of the veterans who are the last to surrender, perform the duty which has been assigned to us.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Confederate Army.
HDQRS. SEMPLE'S BATTALION, LIGHT ARTILLERY,Near Meridian, Miss., May 7, 1865.

Captain C. H. SLOCOMB,

Commanding Fifth Company, Washington Artillery:

CAPTAIN: Before we are dispersed and leave the service for our several homes, I desire to express to your my appreciation of the excellent company you have the honor to command. I have served with it for many years in the Army of Tennessee, during which time its discipline, the high character of its officers and men, as well as their conspicuous gallantry on every field, gained for it the estimation of being considered one of the very best companies of the famous artillery of that army. It has been under my command for only a few weeks, but it is not the least of its claims to distinction (in my opinion) that in a season of depression and of almost universal demoralization it has steadfastly preserved its discipline and has been as honorably careful of the property agreed to be surrendered to the United States as if it were to be used by them for immediate action. Please say to your officers and men that I shall always remember them as bright examples of patriotic

