
devotion and self-sacrifice, and I pray they may enjoy the prosperity which their excellent character so richly merits.

I am, captain, with most affectionate regard, truly, your friend,

HENRY S. SEMPLE,

Major, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Meridian, May 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General GIBSON:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to call your attention to that portion of the terms of surrender which secures to a mounted soldier the possession of his private horse. Pains should be taken in all cases to establish the right of ownership to the horse and an indorsement entered opposite the name of each mounted soldier certifying to such fact when satisfactorily established.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Jackson, Colonel Thomas H. Taylor, Colonel W. R. Miles.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,

Gainesville, May 8, 1865.

Commanding officers are directed to keep their commands together, and not allowed the officers or soldiers of their respective commands to come to Gainesville unless they have the approval of their brigade commanders. Those fund here with their papers otherwise approved will be arrested immediately and sent to the guard house.

By command of Lieutenant-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., May 8, 1865.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

Please inform me when the Federal commissioners will probably be here, and who will represent our Government here to make the surrender. Can you send me the terms, as I learn they are published in the Clarion? All the boats have left here for below, including the Commander Farrand, without leave, which was used as a ferry-boat between this and McDowell's Landing. The very small boat Le Baron is all that is left for all the purposes of transportation.

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, May 9, 1865.

Major-General MAURY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed to say to you that the staff officer sent from here to Demopolis has been directed to rendezvous all the Confederate

