
forces on guard there or that vicinity, including Cuba Station, at McDowell's instead of bringing them here, as heretofore ordered. This change is made because most guard alluded to are Alabamians and to save double transportation. They all, I believe, belong to your command, and the lieutenant-general commanding desires you to see Brigadier-General Gibson, commander, &amp;c., arrange for having necessary rolls for them sent to McDowell's, with full instructions to officer how to proceed. After the rolls are completed the officers of these troops can come here, sign in presence of commissioners for their men, and give their own personal paroles, as provided in terms of surrender, and return to their men with proper certificates.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,Gainesville, Ala., May 9, 1865.

SOLDIERS: By an agreement made between Lieutenant-General Taylor, commanding the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, an East Louisiana, and Major-General Canby, commanding U. S. forces, the troops of this department have been surrendered. I do not think it proper or necessary at this time to refer to the causes which have reduced us to this extremity, nor is it now a matter of material consequence to us how such results were brought about. That we are beaten is a self-evident fact, and any further resistance on our part would be justly regarded as the very height of folly and rashness. The armies of Generals Lee and Johnston having surrendered, you are last of all the troops of the C. S. Army east of the Mississippi River to lay down your arms. The cause for which you have so long and so manfully struggled, and for which you have braved dangers, endeared privations and sufferings, and made so many sacrifices, is o day hopeless. The Government which we sought to establish and perpetuate is a an end. Reason dictates and humanity demands that no more blood be shed. Fully realizing and feeling that such is the case, it is your duty and mine to lay down our arms, submit to the "powers that be," and to aid in restoring peace and establishing law and order throughout the land. The terms upon which you were surrendered are favorable, and should be satisfactory and acceptable to all. They manifest a spirit of magnanimity and liberality on the part of the Federal authority which should be met on our part by a faithful compliance with all the stipulations and conditions therein expressed. As your commanders, I sincerely hope that every officer and soldier of my command will cheerfully obey the orders given and carry out in good faith all the terms of the cartel.

Those who neglect the terms and refuse to be paroled may assuredly expected when arrested to be sent North and imprisoned. Let those who are absent from their commands, from whatever cause, report at once to this place or to Jackson, Miss.; or, if too remote from either, to the nearest U. S. post or garrison for parole. Civil war, such as you have just passed through, naturally engenders feelings of animosity, hatred, and revenge. It is our duty to divest ourselves of all such feelings, and so far as in our power to do so to cultivate friendly feelings toward those with whom we have so longer contested and heretofore so widely but honestly differed. Neighborhood feuds, personal animosities, and private

