
Volunteer Infantry, Thomas' battery Indiana Light Artillery, detachment engineer battalion, and band Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. The Second Brigade, Colonel H. G. Gibson's, will consist of Second Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Second Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-first Battery Ohio Light Artillery, Twenty-second Battery Ohio Light Artillery, Eleventh Battery Michigan Light Artillery,* Henshaw's battery Illinois Light Artillery, Colvin's battery Illinois Light Artillery, Battery B, First Tennessee Light Artillery, Battery M, First Michigan Light Artillery, and Seventh Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

V. Division and brigade commander will forthwith complete and organize their staffs in accordance with existing orders.

VI. Captain Patterson's battery Tennessee Light Artillery is not included in the infantry division, but will constitute a part of the cavalry division.

VII. The First and Second Regiments Tennessee Volunteer Infantry will proceed at once to Cumberland Gap and relieve the Second Regiment North Carolina Mounted Infantry, now at that place. The Second Regiment North Carolina Mounted Infantry upon being relieved will move at once to Strawberry Plains, Tenn., and report to Brigadier General Davis Tillson for further orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., DIST. OF EAST TENN., Numbers 1. Knoxville, Tenn., March 17, 1865.

In compliance with instructions from headquarters District of East Tennessee, of this date, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this division. The following are announced as staff officers at division headquarters: Captain W. J. Patterson, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel I. C. Smith, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant O. C. French, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant D. M. Nelson, acting aide-de-camp; Surg. A. L. Carrick, medical director; Major S. Hambright, provost-marshal.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General, commanding Cavalry Division.

NAVAL HEADQUARTERS,

New Orleans, March 17, 1865.

Major-General CANBY,

Mobile Bay:

I shall be with you with all speed, your communication having just been received, 11 p. m. The fleet will co-operate as you desire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, commanding West Gulf Squadron.

---------------

*Battery L, First Michigan Light Artillery.

---------------

