HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865.

Captain J. J. WILLIAMSON,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: General Canby directs that you proceed to Fort Morgan by first boat and bring up the eight 10-inch mortars with 100 rounds to each piece, platforms, &amp;c., and the men of the Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery detailed to serve them, with the least possible delay. If possible, also bring two 8-inch siege howitzers with the necessary ammunition. I trust you will lose no time in hurrying forward the above. The mortar battery I intend to place under your command. Please direct your ordnance stores at Starke's Wharf, to report to me, and I will see that they are cared for and properly distributed to the corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, will afford you every assistance in shipping the mortars, ammunition, &c.

Yours, very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. SLACK,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you relieve the force of Brigadier-General Dennis, now on duty on the skirmish line, before daylight in the morning, the 30th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

R. G. CURTIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 1. In the Field, Weatherford's Plantation, March 29, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding U. S. forces operating from Pensacola, the mounted troops in this command will constitute a division. The following organization of brigades of this division, with their commanding officers, is hereby announced: First Brigade, Colonel M. H. Chrysler, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, commanding-Second New York Veteran Cavalry, First Louisiana Cavalry, Thirty-first Massachusetts (mounted) Infantry. Second Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel A. b. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, commanding-Second Maine Cavalry, Second Illinois Cavalry, First Florida Cavalry. The Second [Battery] Massachusetts Light Artillery will be assigned to neither brigade. The commanding officer will report directly to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Lucas:

E. V. HITCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

