
can be gained by it. Would like to know that the train would be safe. Please communicate with me before I move in the morning.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Where is the main train to go? I might send mine back under a light escort to it.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Elyton, Ala., March 30, 1865-2 p. m.

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Your note of 10 a. m. is just received. As a matter of course I wish you to be as light as possible, but I dont's see how we can well dispense with your artillery or ammunition. You had better take both and push them forward with heavy details to assist. Please do all you can to make the crossings as good as possible, so that Long and McCook will not be delayed. They are both here, and pushing forward as rapidly as possible. The trains will be united here, and follow on as soon as they can. Croxton is pushing direct for Tuscaloosa, and will join us by the best road to be found. I will be at Cahawba to-night.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Montevallo, March 30, 1865.

[Brevet Major-General WILSON:]

GENERAL: Arrived at this place at 6.30 p. m. Roddey was expected here yesterday and to-day. Can learn nothing definite concerning Forrest's whereabouts. I think we should concentrate before moving from here. Have sent detachments to destroy to-morrow all iron-works in vicinity. There are several collieries near the bridge where we crossed the Cahawba which would have been destroyed had I learned their location soon enough. They are along the line of railroad and should be fired by the other troops. Great pains have been taken to keep late papers from us; have seen money later than I sent you. My troops are in fine fighting shape. Will make reconnaissances in all directions to-morrow. Let us get together to make success doubly sure.

Very respectfully.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-A man by the name of Catlin left Selma to-day; reports he passed Roddey's command at noon twenty-two miles from Selma, marching this way. He stated this to his wife and left for the country.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Cahawba River, March 30, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: As soon as you are in possession of Antevallo detach one battalion under command of a good officer, with instructions to

