
Fort Hill, after Captain George W. Hill, Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, killed in action in front of Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864; Fort Horton, after Captain M. C. Horton, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, killed in action in front of Dallas, Ga., May 28, 1864; Fort McPherson, after Major General James B. McPherson, brigadier-general, U. s. Army, killed in action before Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864; Fort Philpot, after Captain J. T. Philpot, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, killed in the battle of Resaca, Ga., May 14, 1864; Fort Saint Clair Morton, after Major James St. Clair Morton, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, killed in an assault on Petesburg, Va., June 17, 1864; Fort Karnasch, after Second Lieutenant Julius E. Karnasch, Thirty-fifth Missouri Infantry, topographical engineer on the staff of Major-General Schofield, killed in action in front of Atlanta, Ga., August 8 [4], 1864; Fort clark, after Lieutenant Colonel Mervin Clark, One hundred and eighty-third Ohio Infantry, killed in battle of Franklin, Tenn., November 30, 1864; Fort South-worth, after Captain A. J. Southworth, One hundred and fourth Ohio Infantry, killed in action in front of Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

Lexington.-Fort Crittenden, after the late Honorable J. J. Crittenden.

Mounte Sterling.-Fort Hutchinson, after Captain W. W. Hutchinson, One hundred and third Ohio Infantry, killed in the battle of Resaca, Ga., May 14, 1864.

Defenses of Camp Nelson.-Battery Studdiford, after First Lieutenant Josiah S. Studdiford, adjutant Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, killed in the battle of Crampton's Pass, Md., September 13 [14], 1862.

Louisa.-Fort Bishop, after Captain William Bishop, One hundredth Ohio Infantry, mortally wounded in action in front of Dallas, Ga., May 28, 1864.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Spanish Fort, Ala., March 30, 1865.

Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, Mobile Bay:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to transmit a copy of the survey showing the position of our lines with reference to Spanish Battery. Our heavy batteries will probably be ready to open at 8 a. m. Will you please order the monitors to open at the same time. I will signal the time for opening. Eight 30-pounder rifles will open at the same time upon Batteery Huger and the rebel gun-boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,March 30, 1865.

Major-General CANBY:

We have got our iron-clads up as far as is considered safe from torpedoes. We cannot well sweep for them under fire. We have had one of our iron-clads sunk by torpedoes already. When do you expect to get your heavy guns to work?

J. S. PALMER,

Commodore, Commanding First Division.

