
Missouri Artillery; Twenty-third Iowa Infantry; Ninety-fourth Illinois Infantry; ambulance corps; ordnance train; regimental trains; provost guard.

By order of Colonel Henry Bertram:

A. J. ROCKWELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. In the Field, March 17, 1865.

The Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, Twenty-sixth new York Battery; third, First Brigade; fourth, Twenty-first New York Battery, Fifth, Third Brigade; sixth, division train in same order as the troops; seventh, subsistence train.

Reveille will be sounded at 5 a. m. The commanding officer First Brigade, will detail a field officer as general officer of the day to report to the general commanding at 6 a. m. Brigade commanders will detail officers of the day for their respective brigades, who will report to the general officer of the day. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will detail one company as advance guard, and the commanding officer of the Third Brigade will make a similar detail as rear guard. The division will move at the hour named without further orders.

By command of Brigadier General W. P. Benton:

JOHN D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 17, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you designate a brigade of the Third Division of the Sixteenth Corps (about 2,000 men) and a section of artillery to be in readiness to occupy Cedar Point, Mobile Bay, to-morrow, the 18th instant. The command will move without land transportation, except six ambulances, and the men will carry five day's cooked rations in their haversacks. This occupation will be simply a demonstration to divert the attention of the rebels from the movements east of the bay, and the brigade will rejoin its division as soon as that object is accomplished. The commander will be instructed to make as much display of his force as he can without neglecting any precautions for security, and by the construction of roads, bridges, &amp;c., convey the impression that his command is only the advance guard of a much larger force. Mon Lousia River is fordable at several points, and it will be necessary that the troops should be on their guard against any attempts against them by any force of the enemy; but Cedar Point, in the event of any trouble of this kind, can be held against any force. This contingency should be looked to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

