
in the advance, and report forthwith to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, for orders.

* * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Spanish Fort, Ala., March 30, 1865.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you cause one of your batteries to report to Brigadier-General Veatch for duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. MEAD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Near Spanish Fort, Ala., March 30, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE:

You will move your command to the intersection of the Pensacola and Blakely road with the road from Montrose to Stockton, covering your right well with your cavalry. Supplies of subsistence and forage will be sent out to that point to meet you. As soon as you reach that place sent in your train for supplies, as we have not transportation enough to forward them at present, and we have not been able to open the river up to Blakely.

E. R. S. CANBY,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Near Spanish Fort, Ala., March 30, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES C. VEATCH,

Commanding 1st Div., 13th Army Corps, near Spanish Fort, Ala.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your division to the intersection of the village or ridge road and the Pensacola road and await the arrival of General Steele and his command at that point. You will move with as little transportation as possible, leaving all your wagons, except a few for ammunition and a few ambulances, in park at your present camp. The men will carry three days' rations in their haversacks. General Steele will probably join your to-morrow evening, but may be delayed by the condition of the roads, and in this view you will select a good position for your camp and strengthen it by such temporary works as may be necessary to render it secure. Two days' subsistence and forage for General Steele. I inclose a copy of the instructions* to this officer, who will send in by you his empty wagons and those taken out by you. Major Blackman, with a

---------------

*See Canby to Steele, next, ante.

---------------

