
take five days' rations and forage. When General Elliott comes up some of his troops will relieve them.

I am, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S .-A medium size regiment will do.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Cahawba River, March 31, 1865-6 a. m.(Received April 12.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Nashville, or elsewhere:

Upton's division reached Montevallo last night and occupied the place without opposition. Long and McCook are here crossing the Cahawba River. Croxton marched last night to Tuscaloosa, with orders to destroy everything for Selma with all possible speed, and shall reach there in three days, unless the enemy can do more than present appearances seem to indicate. Montgomery and Selma papers of the 27th and 28th say large force is advancing from Pensacola to attack Montgomery. Great excitement prevails. I hear no definite news of Canby's movements. Rebel papers acknowledge Johnston defeated by Sherman, and Hardee killed. We have destroyed several very extensive iron-works and will to-day burn those at Columbiana. We have been delayed several days by the difficulties encountered in crossing the East and West Forks of the Black Warrior. The country is very poor in that quarter; roads bad; recent heavy rains have made them almost impassable. I have left my wheels at Elyton, where forage is plenty. My command is in magnificent condition . The enemy seems not to have expected us in this quarter. If successful in taking Selma, I shall cross to south side of Alabama River at that place. Chalmers' and Buford's divisions, the latter made up of Lyon's and Roddey's commands, are all I can hear of in this part of the State. They went to Montgomery to assist in the defense of that place, but are reported returning toward Montevallo.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Six-Mile Creek, March 31, 1865.

Captain JOSEPH A. GODDARD,Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Cavalry Crops:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs that you keep your train well closed up with the column, and not to suffer your wagons to get so far behind.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

L. M. HOSEA,

Captain, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, Commissary of Musters.

