
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. Dauphin Island, Ala., March 17, 1865.

Each division commander will see that his command is provided with 300 spades or shovels, 300 axes, and 90 picks for entrenching purposes. One wagon to each brigade will be allowed for the transportation of these tools. Two wagons to each brigade will also be allowed for the transportation of additional ammunition. Division commanders will cause the cartridge-boxes of the troops to be filled at once, and an additional supply of forty boxes to each brigade drawn. All men serving with their regiments must be armed, and returns will be immediately sent in for the necessary arms and accouterments.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. Dauphin Island, Ala., March 17, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The organization of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, announced in Special Orders, Numbers 60, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, is hereby modified as follows:

First Brigade, Colonel J. I. Rinaker, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanding: Twenty-first Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Eighty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry Volunteers, commanding: Sixth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, Tenth Kansas Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-seventh Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-second Iowa Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Third Brigade, Colonel C. L. Harris, Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran volunteer Infantry, commanding: Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteer Infantry, Fifty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Fifty-eighth New York Volunteer Infantry.

* * * * *

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Dauphin Island, Ala., March 17, 1865.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 19, dated headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, March 15, 1865, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. Captain A. Stephen Stewart, Company A, Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry, is announced as acting assistant quartermaster, and First Lieutenant John M. Read, adjutant Fourteenth Wisconsin Veteran Infantry, as acting assistant adjutant-general.

L. M. WARD,

Colonel Fourteenth Wisconsin Veteran Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

