HDQRS. U. S. FORCES OPERATING FROM PENSACOLA BAY,Barrancas, Fla., March 17, 1865.

Brigadier General ALEXANDER ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that in pursuance of instructions received from Major-General Canby, all the cavalry force at this place will report to these headquarters and constitute a part of the forces operating from Pensacola Bay. The last regiment of General Lucas' command that arrives will report to you and remain at this post. You will please direct the commanding officers of these brigades to report immediately at these headquarters for further instruction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 64. Barrancas, March 17, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. Pursuant to orders from headquarters Army and Military Division of West Mississippi all the cavalry force within this district will constitute a part of the force operating from Pensacola Bay, under command of Major-General Steele. The commanding officers of cavalry (brigaded and unbrigaded) regiments will report immediately for further instructions at headquarters U. S. forces operating from Pensacola Bay.

VII. The Third Brigade, First Division, having been discontinued by the transfer of troops comprising it to other commands pursuant to orders from headquarters Army and Military Division of West Mississippi, Colonel L. L. Zulavsky is hereby relieved from the command of that brigade and will at once resume command of his regiment.

By command of Brigadier-General Asboth:

J. WM. HAIGHT, JR.,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 18, 1865-9.30 p. m.

(Received 20th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Have reached this place on my return to Nashville from Knoxville. General Stoneman starts on Monday. He has been delayed by high water. General Wilson will also start on Monday. He has been delayed by the same cause. Stanley's command will be at Bull's Gap on Tuesday, and in good order. I have directed General Stoneman to pass out of Tennessee by the head of the New River Valley, then move down that valley to Christiansburg and destroy the railroad beyond Christiansburg, about ten or fifteen miles, where there are numerous trestles and small bridges, but not to destroy the bridge over New River west of Christiansburg. Should he ascertain that there is not a large force of the enemy in Southwest Virginia, and should he ascertain on reaching Christiansburg that General Sheridan has captured Lynchburg, as in now reported in the papers, he will not destroy any of the

2 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

