
[MARCH 31, 1865.-For return of Military Division of West Mississippi (including forces operating against Mobile, Ala.), commanded by Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, see Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 1307.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., April 1, 1865.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I recommended Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Mackay for the position of chief quartermaster, Army of the Cumberland in the field, vice Easton taken as chief quartermaster, Military Division of the Mississippi, August 5, 1864, by telegraph; again on 7th by letter, and again on the 17th of January last by letter. Neither of these communications has been noticed in any way. Why? No fault whatever can be found with Colonel Mackay. He is one of the best quartermasters in the service; has done as much to systematize the working of the department as any officer in it, and is as deserving of promotion as any. I therefore renew my application that he be appointed chief quartermaster. Army of the Cumberland, the appointment to date from August 7, 1864, to give him the rank his eminent services entitle him to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Lick Creek, Tenn., April 1, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Your dispatch received.* Wood's division is at Bull's Gap. All of Elliott's will be at the same place to-morrow. Kimball's division at this place will advance to Greenville. Tillson is at Brabson's, five miles west of Jonesborough. Stoneman left Jonesborough last Sunday; not since heard from. The trestle, 1, 500 feet, at this place will be finished to-day. From this point east seven miles and a half of railroad entirely destroyed, including two long trestles. I will move on toward Greeneville.

D. S. STANLEY,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Lick Creek, East Tenn., April 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding directs me to say that he instructed General Wood to leave the ground near the railroad depot for your division to camp upon, as your transportation was not up and you could not haul supplies from the junction. As soon a s your troops and transportation get up your division will be moved with eight days' supplies to Midway.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See March 31, p. 153.

---------------

