HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Randolph, Ala., April 1, 1865-10 a. m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps:

I inclose herewith captured dispatches from Jackson and Forrest's adjutant-general, from which you will see the situation in Croxton's front. An orderly from Croxton just arrived with a note shows he understands it exactly. Move with La Grange's brigade by the direct road to Centerville, capture that place, secure the brigade, and push on toward Tuscaloosa till you join Croxton's brigade. Break Jackson up and capture his artillery, if practicable. Unite your command and move on the best road interiorly to Selma. The Centerville road will be your best.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Six Miles from Montevallo, March 31, 1865-6 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Since the dispatch of 2 p. m. of this date, per Lieutenant Glass, the lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that the enemy are moving right on down the railroad with their wagon train and artillery. He directs that you follow down after them, taking the road behind them from Montevallo down. He further directs me to say that he does not wish you to bring on a general engagement, as he thinks their force is much stronger than yours; and an engagement should be avoided unless you find the balance of our forces in supporting distance of you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure No. 2.] CENTERVILLE, April 1, 1865-2 a. m.

GENERAL: I opened the inclosed dispatch from General Jackson in order to ascertain his position, &amp;c. Sent couriers last night at 11.30 to Chalmers and to Mason. From reports received and from this dispatch, enemy's cavalry or a position of it have crossed the Cahawba, and General Jackson will attack them at daylight. I shall remain here for further orders and developments, and at daylight take one side of the river or the other. Have sent to General Jackson to know the prisoners of his artillery. If the couriers can be relied on the enemy is between him and the battery. Have the dismounted men entrenched on this side (east) of the river, and if over, and move on t he nearest road to Selma, as directed. the courier can explain General Jackson's position and that of the battery. From his statement the battery is in rear of General Jackson, on Tuscaloosa road, and the enemy between his force and his artillery. Have heard nothing of General Armstrong, but sent orders to General Chalmers to move to or between enemy and Selma. Will dispatch you all information as soon as received.

Respectfully,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

