
Fort Gaines they may be supplies at the picket-line, but must not be allowed to come inside. They can communicate with you in writing without coming inside, and you can go or send and investigate. Disloyal persons should only receive such aid as is absolutely necessary to enable them to go to their friends beyond our lines.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers and Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., April 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 1st day of April, 1865: Mrs. Whitley, a spy in the employ of this office, who was in Jackson, Miss., and between that point and Vicksburg from March 9 to March 28, 1865, reports that she detected a Doctor Hardenstein and some other parties in smuggling arms, boots, shoes, and other contraband goods marked as something else, through the lines at Vicksburg, under permits granted by General M. L. Smith, commanding post. The rebel troops on the Big Black depended on this source for supplies. Under the guise of a trader, Doctor Hardnestein was also acting the spy for the Confederates, being thoroughly in their confidence, as shown by copies of letters secured by Mrs. Whitley from him to parties in the rebel lines, and by her obtaining passes from them at his request. He supposed her to be a rebel. These facts were reported by Mrs. Whitley to General Dana. The crossings of the Big Black are closely guarded by rebel pickets, but there are no other troops in the vicinity. The remnant of Ross's Texas brigade is still in Mississippi, and was on the march, probably to join Forrest Wirt Adams was at West Point with his brigade. Forrest's headquarters were still at Macon. He has no intention of moving in the direction of Mobile, as the rebels think it must soon fall. They believe the U. S. forces will attempt its capture by marching on Selma at once, thus cutting off their communications. Grierson is expected to co-operate with General Canby with a raiding force from Tennessee. This is the force Forrest is to operate against. Confederate officers stated that Forrest's whole force in Mississippi does not exceed 9,000 men. There were very few soldiers in Jackson on the 26th, and Mrs. Whitley did not hear of any complete regiment here. There was no artillery. Colonel A. Macfarlane was in command of the post. General Hodge has the headquarters of the district there. The force at Meridian is very small. The launches reported in the Yazoo River were said to be for the transportation of cotton. The rebels are well informed of the number of troops in Vicksburg, stating accurately the number of regiments and batteries in the city and the number within supporting distance. They are watching for an opportunity to make a raid into the place, such as Forrest made into Memphis. Extracts from the Amite Wanderer, March 30, state that the Montgomery papers are informed by a member of Congress just from Richmond that the commander-in-chief has ordered Kirby Smith to move with his whole army into Missouri.

Montgomery, March 27.-The enemy on the railroad below moved down the road after the capture and destruction of train below Greenville. Force estimated at

