
2,500, mostly infantry. Railroad little injured, as far as ascertained. Forces are rapidly accumulating for defense and all alarm subsided. Report of the capture of Clanton's command between Pollard and Pensacola unfounded.

Mobile, March 27.-Our (rebel) troops in line of entrenchments reaching from Spanish Fort to Blakely. The works are strong. Fighting reported at Spanish Fort, with the fleet taking part.

Rebel General Gibson drove in our skirmish line the morning of the 27th. General Newton gives the following estimate of the enemy's strength in the place named, under date of March 24, 1865: 800 cavalry at Fort Clinch, Withlacoochee River, Fla.; 500 cavalry at Clay Landing, Suwannee River, and vicinity; 1,700 (half cavalry, half infantry) and 6 guns at Lake City, Fla.; 2,000 around Saint Mark's, Fla.; 3,000 at Tallahassee and along the railroad; 8,000 total. Two camps of instruction for colored troops have been established at Tallahassee and Andersonville. In these camps are supposed to be 2,500. The increase over former estimates of forces at these points is attributed to the recent raid to Saint Mark's and the concentration of the small parties dispersed through Southern Georgia.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

SPECIAL FIELD HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 21. Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 1, 1865.

* * * *

2. T he commanding officer Thirtieth Missouri Infantry, in charge of the pontoon bridge over Fish River at Dannelly's Mills, will cause it to be taken up and towed to Stake's Wharf, on Mobile Bay. All the men under his command belonging to his own regiment or to other organizations will also proceed by the same opportunity to Starke's Wharf and thence join their respective commands. Care will be taken that no Government property of an kind is left is left at Dannelly's Mills.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 1, 1865.

1. The Thirty-fifth Wisconsin and Seventh Vermont Volunteers are designated temporarily for engineer duty. Reports and returns will be made as usual, all orders regarding movements or operations will be given from these headquarters through Captain J. C. Palfrey, chief engineer.

* * * * By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

