
large portion of the public property then lost. A fuller on this point will be rendered you when wrecking operations there are completed. (9) During this month I have also made a general tour of the department, visiting Eastport, Knoxville, and Memphis with you in succession, and from such observation as I was able to make, I deem all of those points well prepared for the operations of the summer. In accordance with your instructions I have ordered quarters for officers in transit through Nashville, to be attached to the transfer barracks, and also hospital for accommodation of 1,000 patients to be erected across the Cumberland at Edgefield. I might give you much more by way of detail, but I regard the above as comprising the general scope of the department for the past month, and therefore have only to add, in conclusion, that I regard the quartermaster's department here as fully prepared to meet all ordinary contingencies of the coming summer, and it will try to meet the extraordinary ones from time to time as they arise.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Bvt. Brigadier General and Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of the Cumberland.

ELEVEN MILES FROM SELMA, April 2, 1865.

[Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: There is nothing in the front as yet. The force all passed down last night, with the exception of thirty or forty, which went down a little after daylight.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. KNEELAND,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

APRIL 2, 1865-2 p. m.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT:

MAJOR: The enemy have moved to the front of General Long. Have thrown a heavy line of skirmishers in front of the works. Colonel Minty will engage them in a few minutes, and I think with success, as there is but a small force to be seen and all cavalry.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. KNEELAND,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

NEAR CENTERVILLE, April 2, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

Marched to Scottsville yesterday. Croxton had been driven away by them in the direction of Elyton. La Grange attacked them this morning at dawn to develop their strength. Their force was heavier than mine, and position strong. I shall probably strike the Selma road near Plantersville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

