
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 24. Chickasaw, Ala., March 18, 1865.

The brevet major-general commanding takes great pleasure announcing to the Cavalry Corps that the officers and men of the Second Iowa, Sixth and Ninth Illinois, through Brigadier General Edward Hatch, commanding Fifth Division, and Colonel D. E. Coon, Second Brigade, have, with a spirit of generosity excelled only by their gallantry, voluntarily turned over to the First Division a large number of Spencer carbines, taking in exchange an equal number of inferior arms of various patterns. This, too, after they had been compelled to turn over their horses to the Seventh Division and other detachments. Such an exhibition of zeal for the interest of the public service, of self-denial, and of friendly regard for their brothers-in-arms is unparalleled, and entitles the brave men who have so cheerfully made it to the thanks and admiration of every soldier in the corps. Troops who have distinguished themselves by so acts of gallantry as adorn the history of the Fifth Division could have made no greater sacrifice. They are entitled to the best remount, equipments, and arms the country can furnish, and every effort will be made to secure these in time to enable them to participate in the events of the ensuing campaign. This order will be read to each regiment of the Fifth Division.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 53. Chickasaw, Ala., March 18, 1865.

I. Captain E. B. Carling, chief quartermaster, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, will proceed to Nashville, Tenn., to superintend the forwarding of horses for the remount of the Fifth Cavalry Division and the settlement of claims consequent upon the impressment of horses in Kentucky and Tennessee, by order of the Secretary of War. Captain Carling will be stationed at Nashville, Tenn., but will, when necessary, proceed to Louisville, Ky., upon business connected with the headquarter's department of the Cavalry Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 18, 1865.

General HATCH,

Eastport:

I have received General Wilson's telegram with respect to your division. I will take measures to have you remounted and refitted as soon as possible. In the meantime, however, I want you to hold the position you at present occupy.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

