SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 62. New Orleans, La., April 2, 1865.

1. Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers, will report to the headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi in the field for orders.

2. Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding the cavalry of this division, for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 22. Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 2, 1865.

1. The major-general commanding Department of the Gulf will immediately upon the receipt of this order cause two 100-pounder rifled Parrott guns, with implements and equipments complete, without carriages, to be sent to Mobile Bay from either Fort Saint Philip or Fort Jackson. There will be sent along with these guns 1,600 complete rounds of assorted ammunition; that is, 800 rounds of solid shot, short and long, and 800 rounds of shell, short and long. Captain J. W. Todd, chief of ordnance, Department of the Gulf, will in person superintend the shipment of the above ordnance and ordnance stores, and see that everything required is forwarded in good order and fully prepared for immediate siege service. The above ordnance and ordnance stores will be invoiced to Captain William S. Beebe, ordnance corps and expedition ordnance officer, Mobile Bay. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation with utmost dispatch.

2. The commanding officer at Ship Island will immediately on receipt of this order cause two 100-pounder rifled Parrott guns, with implements and equipments complete, without carriages, to be sent to Mobile Bay. There will be sent along with these guns 400 complete rounds assorted ammunition; that is, 200 rounds solid shot, short and long, and 200 rounds shell, short and long. The commanding officer of Ship Island will, in addition to his own careful supervision of the selection and shipment of these stores, detail the most experienced artillery and ordnance officer of his command to attend in person to the inspection and boarding of the stores. The chief quartermaster of Military Division of West Mississippi will furnish a steamer suitable for carrying these stores and send her to Ship Island immediately. The above ordnance and ordnance stores will be invoiced to Captain William S. Beebe, ordnance corps and expedition ordnance officer, Mobile Bay.

3. [The commanding officer[Battery G, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, now at Morganza, La., will immediately on receipt of this order proceed to this point with his four 30-pounder Parrott guns, implements, equipments, harness, transportation, &amp;c., complete. The chief of ordnance, Department of the Gulf, will provide 300 rounds per gun of assorted ammunition for this battery and sent it forward by same transportation that brings the battery. The quartermaster 's department will furnish the necessary transportation, and the major-general commanding Department of the Gulf will see to the proper execution of this order.

