HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, U. S. Army,Chief of Artillery, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have been informed by Captain McAlester, chief engineer, Military Division of West Mississippi, that eight 30-pounder Parrott guns and four 10-inch siege mortars would be sent to the Thirteenth Army Corps for use against Spanish Fort. As the four 30-pounder Parrott guns and 10-inch siege mortars have arrived, I respectfully request that the remainder may be forwarded to-morrow, and that I may be informed when to expect them. At least the number assigned is indispensable to overcome the heavy guns opposite the front of this corps.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[APRIL 2, 1865.]

Captain J. C. PALFREY,

Chief Engineer, 13th Army Corps, General Granger's Hdqrs.:

Can you not give another branch to Mack's 20-pounder Parrott battery, so as to give an enfilading and reverse fire from it upon the enemy's line north of the ravine? Twelve rifled guns at least from Granger's front should be capable of giving such a fire.

M. D. McALESTER,

Captain and Chief Engineer.

[APRIL 2, 1865.]

Captain J. C. PALFREY,

General Granger's Headquarters:

Any arrangement giving the requisite amount of rifled-gun fire upon the reverse and enfilade views of the enemy's line north of the ravine--say twelve guns, as before stated. It the batteries or some of them cam be so constructed as to use the guns both directly against your immediate front and get the enfilade and reverse referred to, it will be desirable.

M. D. McALESTER,

Captain and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Before Spanish Fort, April 2, 1865.

General JAMES C. VEATCH,Commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: If you should see proper to move with the whole or a portion of your command toward the approaching column of General Steele, you will please to send immediate notice to General Garrard,near Sibley's Mills, in order to replace your troops at Holyoke by some of his command. General Garrard will make a

demonstration against the enemy's lines in his front. Heavy firing was heard this morning in the direction of Blakely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff.

