HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES C. VEATACH,Commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

SIR: The major-general commanding has directed the supply wagons to return at once, in order that you may load them up and send them to General Steele as soon as you know with certainly which road to select. Fifteen thousand rations of subsistence and 5,000 half rations of forage will be sent out to you in course of the afternoon. If they should not arrive in time, you will draw subsistence and forage for to-night for your own and the cavalry commands from the supplies intended for General Steele.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T . CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General VEATCH,Commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

SIR: Your dispatch dated 3 p.m ., inclosing communication of Major-General Steele,* received. The commanding general desires that you move down the Pensacola road to Origen Sibley's and remain there for to-night, placing yourself in communication with General Steele. Further instructions will be sent you to-night or to morrow morning. Captain Thompson, your commissary of subsistence, will you at O. Sibley's with three days' supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES OPERATING FROM PENSACOLA BAY, Camp before Blakely, Ala., April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,Commanding First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I would be glad if you will send the supplies which you have for my command by the train on which they are now loaded. I wish to send my empty train through to the base of supplies on the bay. I will unload your train and send it back immediately. From present appearances I have only men enough to complete the investment of Blakely as far as the Pensacola road. If you are authorized to do so, I would like to have you move your command up that road to complete the investment on the left of it, which is now clear to the enemy's batteries. I think their works are assailable on the left, and if the investment were complete I would assault them at once under the cover of my batteries.+

---------------

*Probably next, post.

+In General Steele 's handwriting, but not signed.

---------------

13 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

