
their guns. There are three other boats lying off Blakely, but out of range of any guns that we have. The steamer Natchez and another large steamer just passed down toward Mobile. I can see the city, some seven or eight large steamers, and a quantity of railroad stock. I have a full view of the river from Mobile to Blakely and a long distance above the latter place. I have not yet succeeded in opening communication with General Canby, being compelled to obey orders which I have received.

RICHARD P. STRONG,

First Lieutenant and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

SIGNAL STATION, April 2, 1865.

Captain LACEY:

A large gun-boat (side-wheel) with one smoke stack is now passing up the river toward Blakely, but not within range of our guns.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

RICHARD P. STRONG,

First Lieutenant and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 2, 1865.

Colonel G. M. L. JOHNSON,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

(Care Brigadier-General Bailey.)

Send one strong squadron of cavalry up here immediately.

By order of Major-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Starke's Landing, ala., April 2, 1865.

Captain WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Command, Army and Div. of West Miss.:

CAPTAIN: Presuming that General Knipe has left New Orleans, I write you direct. I arrived at Navy Cove March 29. Was delayed forty-eight hours in consequence of a serve gale. Found the portion of the command that had been concentrated at that point had marched on that day for the front. I transhipped to the steamer Lawrence and after two more days of delay (gale), proceeded to this point. On my arrival here found my command encamped on the extreme right, eight miles from the landing (depot of supplies), and no transportation at their disposal except pack-mules. I made application to General Canby and succeeded in having my camp moved to this point, about one mile from the depot. We stand very much in need of wagons. Not one of the twelve I obtained from the First Brigade has reported, notwithstanding I had the assurance of the division quartermaster that they should be forwarded on the first steamer obtained after my departure. I have three detachments of troops yet back, and am not satisfactorily informed of their whereabouts. I have heard nothing from

