
the two companies of Fourth Tennessee embarked on steamer Warrior March 20. Detachment Tenth Indiana, shipped on Hamilton March 24, not yet arrived; last heard from was lying to at Round Island. Also detachment that was lightened off steamer Saint Charles,at Ship Island (she having been aground). A full statement of the above has been forwarded to Colonel Christensen, with the request that he refer the matter to Colonel Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, for his information. I reported to General Canby, and delivered the message you intrusted, relative to the cavalry at Memphis not having reported. He asked if you had furnished an equivalent for them, which question I could not answer. Two hundred and seventy men of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry have arrived here. That is all of the First Brigade that have come. The duty required of my command is quite heavy. I have just received orders to establish a line of couriers to Perdido River, to connect with District of West Florida. Have lost a few horses by torpedoes. Colonel Lucas met and defeated General Clanton's command, taking General Clanton and several of his officers and men prisoners. Very handsome affair. There is no long forage here. The ration of short forage has been ten pounds. It is increased to-day to twelve pounds. Hope to see you here soon.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

G. M. L. JOHNSON,

Colonel Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, Commanding Second Brigade, 7c.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

Please send the following dispatch by the earliest opportunity:

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,Commanding District of West Florida:

(Care of Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, Fort Gaines.)

Please send to Mobile Bay, to be reported to Colonel Sawtelle at Fort Gaines, but without being discharged until so ordered, the following ordnance and ordnance stores: From Fort Pickens, one 10-inch siege mortar; from Barrancas, fourteen 8-inch siege howitzers, two 30-pounder and six 20-pounder Parrott rifles, with ammunition, implements, and carriages complete. If all cannot be sent at once, send in the first shipment four 8-inch siege howitzers, two 30-pounder and two 20-pounder Parrott rifles, with ammunition, &amp;c.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 3, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army:

The following telegram from the President, announcing the evacuation of Petersburg and probably of Richmond, has just been received by this Department:

This morning General Grant reports Petersburg evacuated, and he is confident Richmond also is. He is pushing forward to cut off if possible the retreating army.

A. LINCOLN.

