
10.45 A. M.-It appears from a dispatch of General Weitzel, just received by this Department, that our forces under his command are in Richmond, having taken it at 8.15 this morning.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, April 3, 1865-12 m. (Received 4.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch of 10 a. m. received. I have ordered a salute of 100 guns at all the principal points in this department in honor of the glorious and encouraging news. I have the pleasure also in reporting the successful advance so far of the two cavalry expeditions under General Wilson, from Eastport, Miss., and Major-General Stoneman, from Knoxville. Both commands completely surprise the enemy's force wherever they go, and so far meet with but little opposition. The senate of the State of Tennessee successfully organized this a. m. The senate of the State of Tennessee successfully organized this a. m. with the utmost harmony. The house meets with some difficulty in the choice of speaker, but the members conduct their contest in the most friendly manner.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, April 3, 1865. (Received 5 p. m. 4th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The regiment of colored artillery at Paducah has been relieved. The Fifth and Sixth Colored Cavalry are guarding railroads, and General Palmer says they are an important part of his force.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 87. Nashville, Tenn., April 3, 1 865.

* * * *

XI. Colonel William E. Merrill, First U. S. Veteran Volunteer Engineers, and chief engineers Department of the Cumberland, is hereby relieved from the command of his regiment and will remove his office to Nashville, Tenn. He will at the same time take charge of the topographical engineer office, attached to these headquarters, relieving Lieutenant H. C. Wharton, Corps of Engineers. Colonel Merrill will receipt to Lieutenant Wharton for all property and money belonging to the topographical engineer office, taking charge from the 1st day of April, 1865. As chief engineer, Colonel Merrill will continue to control the operations of all engineer troops, and of all commands assigned for engineer duty, and will retain special control of promotions in and assignments to duty of the First U. S. Veteran Volunteer Engineers.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

