
Asheville, N. C. Have the command in readiness to start at 2 p. m. to day. Ten days' rations and forage for the animals will be taken and only wagons enough to transport such. Send a reigment over to this side of the railroad to take the place of the Ninetieth Ohio, to protect the road, furnish pickets, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Lick Creek, East Tenn., April 3, 1865.

General ELLIOTT:

The general commanding directs that you move your command to Blue Springs to-morrow morning, taking with you in your wagons eight days' rations and forage, if you can carry that amount. Camp your command convenient to the railroad, so you can give Mr. Latimer, the superintendent of repairs, assistance in repairing the railroad. Set your pioneers at work getting out ties and timber. Let them cut and score; he (Mr. Latimer) will do the hewing. As fast as the material is ready half it to the railroad. When the telegraph repairers get up even with you furnish them teams to complete the line to Greeneville.

I am, general, your obedient servant,WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General. Circular.] HDQRS. SECOD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Bull's Gap, East Ten., April 3, 1865.

The division will be prepared to march to-morrow morig at 6 o'clock ob the Greeeville road. Order of march will be designated hereafter.

By commad of Brigadier-General Elliott:

J. E. JACOBS,

Assistat Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Bull's Gap, Tenn., April 3, 1865

Colonel JOSEPH CONRAD, Commandig Third Brigade:

I accordace with instrucatios from corps hadquarters the geeral commanding directs that you will relieve all troops belonging to General Wood's divisio who are doing guard or fatigue duty at Rogerswille Junction. You will either call yourself upon General Wood, or send one of your regimental commanders to do so, and ascertain what they are. This will be doe at oce, ad as soon as you lear the number of men required to carry out this order you will send them to Rogersville Junctio to relieve the troops of General Wood's division.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. E. JACOBS,

Captain and Assisteat Adjutant-General.

