HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, April 3, 1865.

Major LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division:

MAJOR: If you do not hear from General Upton before morning you will direct General Alexander to move with his brigade to join him early to-morrow morning. Direct General Alexander to tell General Upton to take command of the First and Fourth Divisions and attack Forrest, if he is in reach. General Upton will also look out for the safety of the wagon train and push it forward to this place with the utmost rapidity. Forrest may attempt to destroy the wagons, and they should be as well covered as possible.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, Ala., April 3, 1865-10 p.m.

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have just heard from McCook, who will encamp to-night at Planterville. He attacked Jackson, but thinking the force of rebels too strong retired to the east side of the Cahawba, at Centerville, burned the bridge, and marched in this direction. I feel a little anxiety about Croxton and the train. You will therefore march with your division and the remaining brigade of McCook's toward Centerville and Montevallo-Elyton, if necessary. Get Croxton and the train to the east side of the Cahawba, and then rejoin me at this place, unless an opportunity for effectually scattering Forrest's remnant should present itself. Keep me fully informed of your movements and the result attending them. Major Bacon, who brought the dispatch from McCook, met Forrest near Plantersville about noon to-day. Doctor McGraw, of my staff, also conversed with him at the hospital left there. When he saw Major Bacon's escort he took off toward Marion. Look out for him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Eastport, Miss., April 3, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

All trains of the Cavalry Corps are now parked at Eastport and are generally in good condition. There are no wagons on the right bank of the river. The men left by the First, Second, and Fourth Divisions are organized into a provisional command and also encamped at Eastport. The steamer Carrie, ordnance boat, is also lying at Eastport. She is not needed and is not subject to my orders. There are five or six quartermasters here subject to everybody's orders but my own. I could do much better with one, and should like to control him. I can see no need of any one aside from Captain W. A. Warren, depot quartermaster. Little can be done to arrest smuggling when full cargoes of goods are passing up the river to Florence; probably not a package of these goods has been

