
Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, under command of Colonel Kirk, will move out early to-morrow morning for Boone, N. C., distant twenty-five miles, for the purposes indicated in General Stoneman's letter of instructions, a copy of which I forwarded to you on the 31st ultimo. I shall proceed in the morning with the Fourth Tennessee Infantry and a battalion of the First U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy) to Taylorsville or vicinity, with the intention of locating the force so as to hold the roads and mountain passes near that place securely. Thence I intend proceeding to Boone, Deep, and Watauga Gaps and making arrangements for their defense. As I am unable to communicate with my immediate superior, Major-General Stoneman, I beg to ask that you will inform Major-General Thomas of my movements, if in your opinion they are of sufficient importance to make it worth while doing so. I shall probably be absent from this camp for the purposes indicated from five to six days. From what I can learn I fear that it is going to be very difficult, if not impracticable, for me to live off the country to any extent as I am at present located. I shall probably have to rely upon the railroad for a large portion of my supplies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

P. S.-It is thirty miles from this place to Jonesborough, over a very tolerable road.

D. T.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,

FIELD ORDERS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 7. In Field, Mouth of Roan Creek, Tenn., April 3, 1865.

I. Colonel G. W. Kirk, Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, will proceed with his regiment and the Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry to Boone, N. C., and upon his arrival there will immediately proceed to carry out the instructions given him by the general commanding.

* * *

III. Major A. J. Bahney, commanding Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry, will report immediately to Colonel G. W. Kirk, Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, in command of forces en route to Boone, N. C.

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

E. W. S. NEFF,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Louisa, Ky., April 3, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Dept. of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following statements of rebel forces now operating in Southwest Virginia: General Early is said to have arrived at Abingdon, Va., about two weeks since; he brought about 2,000 men. Giltner, with 800 men at Jonesville, Lee County, Va. Colonel Jenkins, with 200 men at Dickensonville, Scott County, Va. Colonel Diamond, with 100 men at Osborn's Ford. Colonel Pridemore, with 140 men at Nickelsville, Va. Colonel Casby [General

