
Richmond, and a general consternation and exodus is taking place in Southwestern Virginia. This information may be useful and I should like it to be known, in order that any false impression in regard to the state of things in that region may be corrected. Colonel Palmer and his regiment have just arrived. One brigade of cavalry and one brigade of infantry are at or on their way to Mossy Creek, the bridge over which was completed to-day. The river is now about as high as it was during the rise two weeks since, but everything is standing.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 17. Knoxville, Tenn., March 18, 1865.

The Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, having been broken up by orders from department headquarters, the following assignments of district staff officers are hereby made and announced: Captain E. B. Whitman, assistant quartermaster, chief supervising quartermaster, district of East Tennessee; Captain C. B. Decereux, commissary of subsistence, chief supervising commissary of subsistence, District of East Tennessee, and in charge of subsistence depot at Knoxville; Captain H. S. Chamberlain, assistant quartermaster, in charge of trains and transportation for troops in the field, and quartermaster at the commanding general's headquarters in the field; Captain Richard Burns, Company L, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, is hereby detailed as acting provost-marshal-general of East Tennessee, in the absence of Colonel Trowbridge, who is temporarily relieved from that duty and ordered to take command of his regiment. No passes will be required from loyal citizens inside of our lines, which for the present are as follows: The Little Pigeon River, French Broad, to its intersection with the Holston; thence to Strawberry Plains, Blain's Cross-Roads, and Cumberland Gap. This order is not to change the standing regulations in regard to passes on the railroad.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 1. Knoxville, Tenn., March 18, 1865.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 6, from headquarters District of East Tennessee, I hereby assume command of the Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland. The following officers are announced as members of the division staff, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain W. W. Deane, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. F. Houston, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain John H. Colvin, Colvin's battery, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Thomas Brown, Eightieth Indiana Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant M. B. Patterson, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant W. A. Perry, Second Maine Battery, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant E. W. S. Neff, First Ohio Heavy Artillery, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant A. Pearson, Henshaw's battery, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Theodore Mallaby, U. S. Army, signal officer; Lieutenant Thomas D. Woods, Second [Ohio] Heavy

