
investment of the Blakely lines. He will march at once, via Origen Sibley's Mills, and in taking his position make, on his right, close connection with the troops of General Steele (who has already possession of the north and east approaches to Blakely), and fronting north and west, extend his left to the water's edge, if possible. On his arrival before Blakely, General Garrard will consult with General Steele and give and receive such information as may be useful and necessary. Second, as soon as General Garrard's division is in position and the bridge laid down, you will order a 30-pounder battery to be brought to the north side of the bay and placed in a position where its fire will control Blakely River and Batteries Huger and Tracy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-A copy of the first paragraph of this communication has been sent to General Garrard.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,[April 3, 1865.]

Major General A. J. SMITH:

The major-general commanding desires guns to be put in position on the south side of Minette Bayou to command the position reported by Captain Lowell as being occupied by guns commanding the 30--pounder Parrott batteries against Fort Huger. This report from Captain Lowell comes through Lieutenant Allen.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Spanish Fort, April 3, 1865-3 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Major-General Steele reports that the enemy at Blakely has been strongly re-enforced, and probably will attack him in the morning. General Veatch's command is moving up from Holyoke to Origen Sibley's during the night to report to General Steele. Please have your command immediately put in readiness to march at a moment's notice on receiving orders from these headquarters or from General Steele direct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS,

April 3, 1865-4.30 a.m.

The troops of this division are ordered to be held in readiness to move at a moment's notice to the support of Major-General Steele at Blakely.

By order of General K. Garrard:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

