
put ion battery there would probably be silenced. The system of defense, however, would be more complete were Mayberry Hill and the slightly elevated ground north of the depot occupied each by a small, strong redoubt with a deep ditch, stockade gorge, and interior blockhouse. The immediate vicinity of the depot east and west can be floated by dams across the two streams flowing through the city, rendering an attack on the front of Knoxville almost an impossibility. Seven inclosed works, eight batteries, and about two miles of infantry entrenchment constitute the defenses of Knoxville. Fort Byington is an interior work, serving as a keep to the western portion of the line. Fort Sanders, at the apex of this line, is very properly a bastion work. Forts Smith and Fearns are large works, the former perhaps unnecessarily so. The latter sees well upon the south bank of the river, and would assist Fort Lee if attacked from the east and cover the hills slopes toward the river. These works are generally well constructed with parapet and embrasure resentments formed of logs set vertically. The ditches are mostly six feet deep and the scarp difficult. The infantry entrenchments connecting forts are well flanked by re-entering batteries, and this portion of the line is as strong as the works themselves with the exception of direct artillery fire. The flank fire would, however, enable a small number of men to hold the line on the same principle that a bastion work requires less garrison than a polygonal one of the same magnitude. The entrenched line has a good command, about seven feet, sufficient to cover troops passing in the rear. Its parapet is six feet thick, while the batteries and forts have parapets of twelve feet at least. The lines are generally well arranged to sweep the ground over which the enemy must approach. On account of the usual convex sections of hill slopes it is impossible by any simple combination to sweep the approaches to works on elevation as completely as on level ground, and the steeper the slopes the more difficult will this problem be of solution. On a portion of the north line the hill slopes are too abrupt and convex for thorough exposure, but the partial inundation in front is a great protection to this part of the entrenched line. From Smith to Wiltsie, a half mile, no infantry entrenchment has been constructed, reliance being placed upon the water barrier as a defense. It would be a proper precaution to extend the parapet from Wiltsie to the small stream to the right of the main road, sweeping that road by a two-gun battery. This, however, can readily be done on the approach of an enemy in force-200 yards of the line toward the river on the left have not been commenced. Much labor is still required to put down platforms for the guns, build service magazines, and complete the unfinished embrasures. Those embrasures which look to the front are mostly ready for service, but many of those intended for sweeping the ground within the entrenched inclosure are not yet reverted. The following short description shows the condition of each work and battery:

Fort Fearns: The breast height is entirely reverted, eighteen embrasures finished and fourteen partly reverted. About one-quarter of the parapet should be raised two feet. The gateway is unfinished; platforms for twenty-nine guns are required. This fort has a large well-ventilated magazine.

Battery Engle: Finished, except the platforms for eight guns.

Battery Clifton Lee: Requires platforms for twelve guns.

Fort Smith: This work requires one additional traverse, platforms for twenty-two guns, a gate, and large magazine. Four of the embrasures are not quite finished.

