
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 88. Nashville, Tenn., April 4, 1865.

* * * *

VII. Lieutenant Colonel L. L. Baxter, First Minnesota Heavy Artillery, is hereby assigned to duty as chief of artillery, post of Chattanooga, and will report accordingly.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SELMA, ALA., April 4, 1865-10 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: My corps took this place by assault late on evening of the 2nd. We have captured 20 field guns, 2,000 prisoners, besides over 2,000 in hospitals, and large quantity of military stores of all kinds, Large arsenals and foundries with their machinery are in my possession intact. I shall burn them to-day, with everything else useful to enemy. I have already destroyed iron-works north of here, eight or ten in all, and very extensive. Forrest Dick Taylor, Adams, Armstrong, and Roddey succeeded in getting but in the darkness and confusion following assault by wading the swamp east of the city. The place is strongly fortified with two continuous lines of parapets and redoubts, the outer one with a continuous stockade on the glacis extending from river above to river below city. They were defended by four brigades of cavalry and all the first and second class militia of this section, from 6,000 to 9,000 men. The conduct of my troops, particularly that of Long's division, which made attack, was magnificent. General Long was wounded slightly in the head; Colonel Dobb, Fourth Ohio, killed; Colonels Miller, McCormick, and Biggs wounded. It is my desire and intention to hold the place as long as possible. I shall not relinquish my hold upon it except to secure other advantages. If I can keep Forrest west of the Cahawba till I have constructed bridge over the Alabama River, I will move against him or Montgomery, as circumstances may determine. Operations westward rather than toward Montgomery will, in my estimation, assist General Canby most.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH CAVALRY DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

On the Marion Road, April 4, 1865-7.45 a.m.

[General E. M. McCOOK:]

GENERAL: You will move with the troops and battery under your command over the same route pursued by the column when it advanced until you meet the train, when you will return with it to Selma. Push forward two companies, to move as rapidly as possible, to ascertain its whereabouts and report them to these headquarters. They will be on the direct road to Montevallo sometime to-morrow.

By command of Brevet Major-General Upton:

JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

