
McGEE'S HOUSE, April 4, 1865-5.30 p.m.

General ALEXANDER:

I have just received through you a dispatch signed by order of General Upton. Before receiving it my command had anticipated the order and pushed on past here, and will make Randolph, eighteen miles from here, to-night, a march of thirty-six miles to-day. In order to be of any assistance to me you should march most rapidly, for I fear the enemy in force has already started for the train, and with the one I have I will certainly use every effort to overtake and fight him. I would like your support, and may need it. It can only be given by rapid marching on your part, and I desire you to make it. It will be necessary to tax horseflesh to save that train, if it can be saved at all.

Very respectfully,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, Ala., April 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General WINSLOW,

Commanding City:

GENERAL: Before burning the arsenal and naval foundry, secure tools, rope, materials, &amp;c., sufficient to construct a pontoon bridge shops and press all the carpenters that can be found, and report them with their tools to Lieutenant Heywood, of my staff, to build pontoons.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, April 4, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding Second Division:

I have ordered General Upton to concentrate his and McCook's divisions between here and Centerville. You will therefore post pickets and dispose of your troops so as to guard all the entrances and hold the city. You will allow no exit or entrance of citizens or others upon any pretext. Please keep small parties well out in all directions, particularly toward Cahawba. I would like also to have you send a reconnaissance to the south side of the Alabama.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,April 4, 1865.

[Major-General WILSON:]

GENERAL: I moved yesterday to Summerfield, where being unable to find Chalmers, moved on to near Johnson's Ferry, on Cahawba. A battalion was sent to take ferry, and ascertained that Starke's brigade,

