
of Chalmers' division, crossed there yesterday, taking up the pontoon bridge after crossing. There is no force on this side of the river. I will carry out your last instructions in the least possible time. First Brigade will move via Pine Tucky and thence to Randolph. Will send McCook back as fast as possible on Montevallo road till he meets train.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Will camp to-night at 4.20 p.m. about nineteen miles this side of Randolph, at a point where Randolph road branches off from the main Centerville road. Have sent a company forward, to move with all possible dispatch, to ascertain the whereabouts of the train and report at once.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., April 4, 1865.

Major General R. H. MILROY,

Commanding First Sub-District of Middle Tennessee:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that the State legislature having organized, and General Thomas desiring that the civil authorities should control the organization of Tennessee troops, you will please revoke any orders you may have issued in reference to the enrollment of Tennessee troops or the formation of home guards.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, April 4, 1865.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Granger sends me a report that Gilbert with 200 cavalry crossed the river at Lamb's Ferry last night. I am satisfied that it is a mistake, as I sent a party there yesterday, which must have been at Lamb's Ferry last night, and would have informed me if there was any enemy there.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, No. 21. Louisville, Ky., April 4, 1865.

Major A. G. Brackett, First U. S. Cavalry, is temporarily announced as special inspector of cavalry, for the Cavalry Bureau, in the Department of Kentucky. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

