HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 4, 1865.

Captain J. A. THOMPSON,

Commanding Company A, Fifty-Third Kentucky Vols., Paris, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: Send ten or fifteen men from your company to Leesburg, Harrison County, and scout that place and vicinity thoroughly for several days. Rebel sympathizers and guerrillas are troublesome in that section and must be attended to. Let the men carry with them four days' rations. Send them in charge of a competent sergeant, with instructions to inquire into the recent conduct of James Stout and Archy Stout, and Mandwell Bonds, a rebel deserter. The detachment will move upon receipt of this communication.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, April 4, 1865.

Captain E. B. HARLAN:

The Forty-fourth Wisconsin reported this day to relieve the Eighth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery. The Eighth awaits your orders.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, Ala., April 4, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, Mobile:

I took this place by assault at 6 p.m. on the 2nd; captured 20 field guns, 2,000 prisoners, and large qualities of stores, besides all the iron-works north of here. Forrest, Dick Taylor, Adams, and Armstrong succeeded in getting out in the dark by wading the swamp on the east side of the city. The place is strongly fortified with two lines of bastion forts, the outer one with a heavy continuous line of stockade from river to river. The conduct of my troops was magnificent; loss not very heavy. General Long wounded slightly in head; Colonel Dobb killed; Colonels Miller, McCormick, and Biggs wounded. I shall burn the arsenal and naval foundry and destroy everything of service to the rebels, but hold the place for you as long as I can do so without jeopardizing my command or the campaign. Three brigades of Forrest's are west of the Cahawba. I shall go after him as soon as I can hear definitely from you. Hurry forward your gun-boats and transports; relieve me of my capture, and let me finish up the balance of the rebel cavalry. I may possibly move to Montgomery if I find that I can do so soon enough.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WEST GULF SQUADRON, U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKADE,

Off Blakely Bar, April 4, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding in Chief, Army of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose you the statement of some intelligent deserters from Tracy, who came off last evening and are now on board this tinclad.

