
the report regarding the result was not reliable, as it gave the advantage to both parties. An attack was made at Blakely on the day before yesterday evening and the Federals repulsed. They don't know what guns are mounted at Blakely, but most of them do not bear upon the river.

Truly, yours,

W. W. L.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 4, 1865.

Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, Mobile Bay:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this morning and its inclosure. The information given by the deserters is confirmatory of that already received from deserters from Spanish Fort. To cut off the communication by the route described, I propose to put in Minette Bay several bateaux, and, if you can spare them, the launches asked for this morning. We shall open upon the fort and its dependencies at 5 o'clock this afternoon with all the guns we have in position, and keep up the bombardment until dark, and continue during the night at the rate of one shell in every three or four minutes. Can the Octorara and Winnebago do anything to help us by a demonstration on the front of the rebel works? Your kind offer to man the 30-pounders furnished us, by a party from your squadron, is very gratefully accepted. I will notify you when they will be needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,April 4, 1865.

Major-General CANBY:

(Care of General Smith.)

Admiral Thatcher says:

I will advance the monitors and Octorara as rapidly as I can. We are now advancing, by a series of net-work, across the river, clearing as we advance; but the work is slow in consequence of the rapid current, say five knots. The navy battery party are ready to go forward, and I have directed that they follow their guns. Lieutenant-Commander Gillis will command, as he has lost his vessel, the Milwaukee.

General Bailey says the detachment of sailors is at the landing ready to move and asks whether he shall seize two teams to carry their rations and equipage. He also asks how many bateaux he shall send, and whether balks be sent with them, or simply oars. Major McAlester cannot give me the required information on these points.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,April 5 [4], 1865.

Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I propose, as soon as our occupation of the north end of Minette Bay is secured, to organize a force for the purpose of capturing

