
warehouse at Bridgeport was filled with cotton a short time ago; possibly some of it may have been removed. Sparta would be the best starting-point, or Evergreen would probably do as well. A refugee from Mobile, March 22, who was clerk at General Maury's headquarters, states that French's division is commanded by General Cockrell, and is composed of Cockrell's old brigade, Sears' and Gibson's brigades, number not known. Thomas' brigade consists of the First and Second Alabama States Reserves (old men). The regiments are quite full. McCulloch's brigade rejoined Forrest's command some time since. Colonel Fuller commands a brigade of heavy artillery, the First Louisiana Heavy Artillery, the Twenty-second Louisiana Infantry, Colonel Patton; the Twenty-first Alabama, Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, and the batteries from Hood's army, including Tobin's Garrity's, and Culpeper's. General Liddell commands a division of his own, Baker's and Holtzclaw's brigades. Holtzclaw's brigade consists of the Thirty-second, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-eighth, and Eighteenth Alabama Infantry. The Twenty-first Alabama occupy part of the water defenses and the Twenty-second Louisiana the rest.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

[Inclosure.]

French's old division, commanded by General Cockrell, composed of Cockrell's old brigade, Sears' and Gibson's brigades. Gibson's brigade, 2,000; Sears' brigade (this may possibly be Cockrell's), unknown; Cockrell's brigade (smaller), unknown. General D. H. Maury (old command), comprising militia, State reserves, British guards, Pelham Cadets, French guards, consular guards, regiment of employes, and garrison of fortifications, in all 6,000. Of this force General Liddell commands a division of his own, Holtzclaw's and Baker's brigades. Holtzclaw's brigade has the Thirty-second, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-eighth, and Eighteenth Alabama Infantry. Fuller's brigade consists of the First Louisiana Heavy Artillery, the Twenty-second Louisiana Infantry, Colonel Patton; the Twenty-first Alabama Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, and detached batteries from Hood's army serving as heavy artillery. Garrity's State artillery, two guns, sixty men; Todd's battery, fifty-five men; Charpentier's battery; six guns; Tobin's battery; Culpeper's battery. Thomas' brigade, of the First and Second State Reserves, full regiments. Clanton's brigade, the Sixth and Eighth Alabama Cavalry, Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry.

BATTERY, April 4, 1865.

Captain EATON:

Captain Wimmer reports three large steamers loaded with troops from Mobile, and going round the point where the rebel battery was on our right.

OPERATOR.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,April 4, 1865.

Captain EATON:

It is reported to me that we blew up a rebel magazine at 5.11 o'clock.

LUDWICK.

