
ORDERS.] HDQRS. ARMY AND DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Fort Gaines, Ala., March 18, 1865.

The following movements are ordered to commence to-morrow, the 19th instant:

I. The First and Third Division of the Thirteenth Army Corps will continue their march toward East Branch of Fish River, cross that stream as far below as practicable, and proceed to a suitable point in the vicinity and opposite Dannelly's Mills, on the North Fort of Fish River. The men will carry five days' rations in their haversacks, and rations for five more days will follow in the respective division trains. Bridges, corduroys, &amp;c., which may be found, or which it will be necessary to build, must be kept, in order to prevent all delays, in perfect repair, and the commanding officers of the respective columns will therefore leave for that purpose, at any point where it appears advisable, a detachment of pioneers and guard until their troops and trains have passed.

II. The Sixteenth Army Corps will be ready for embarkation, and the divisions, with the exception of the detachments at Cedar Point, will be transferred as fast as transports can be had to Fish River and land at the west side of the North Branch of that stream, near Dannelly's Mills, where the whole army is to be concentrated. The men will carry five days' rations with them. Besides the forty rounds of ammunition in the cartridge-boxes, sixty rounds more in boxes will be taken aboard the transports and securely stored at the place of debarkation until transportation can be procured. On arriving at the indicated point the corps will take a strong defensive position, its right resting on the river, and cover its front with light breast-works. After a careful reconnaissance, and, if possible, after consulting with the commanding general of the Thirteenth Corps, General Smith will order a bridge to be built at a point practicable and suitable for the passage of troops and trains. The bridge will be protected by tetes-de-pont. The respective staff officers will consult with the chief engineer of the army with regard to the bridge, in order to transfer the pontoon and other materials which may be needed for its construction to the selected point.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pensacola Bay, May 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Pursuant to instructions from the general commanding my command will commence the movement to-morrow a. m. General Lucas and about 400 of his cavalry have not arrived. I have ordered Colonel Spurling with about 800 cavalry to break the railroad between Greenville and Pollard, and I am confident that he will succeed. A part of his troops will land at Milton to-morrow morning for the purpose of covering the movements of the rest, who will land at Creigler's Mills, about four miles below, on the east shore of the bay. The whole will move to Andalusia through a wooded country free of rebels, and keeping far enough east and south to avoid large steams. On reaching that place, if there are no rebels in force on the railroad, he will divide into two parties, one going to Greenville and the other Ever-

