
[Indorsement.]

Brigadier-General Dennis will proceed without delay to carry out the within order with his brigade.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Blakely, Ala., April 4, 1865.

Colonel W. T. SPICELY,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: Spanish Fort will be bombarded at 5 o'clock this p.m. Let your men know it, so that they can cheer for the benefit of the enemy in Blakely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 4. Before Blakely, Ala., April 4, 1865.

The rifle-pits in front having been designated to each regimental and battalion commander, will by him be immediately divided into as many parts as he has companies, and each company commander will be held responsible for the following, viz: To have by sundown to-night his rifle-pits 4 feet wide at the top, 3 1/2 feet wide at the bottom, and the earth that is thrown outside to be a regular parapet not less than 4 feet at the top, and with a slope of 1 on 15; the parapet to be 3 feet high and the ditch 3 feet deep. At all times there will be at least one man to every four yards of rifle-pits, with sufficient number of commissioned and non-commissioned officers. Regimental and battalion commanders must remember that a man behind earth-works must occupy a space of not less than three feet when attacked. The entrenchments will be advanced every day and night under the supervision of Lieutenant Colonel Victor Vifaquain, Ninety-seventh Illinois Volunteers, with a detail to be called for from each regiment and battalion, the details to have at all times with them guns and accouterments and sixty rounds of ammunition, their knapsacks left behind in camp. Commanding officers are referred for further instructions to the chapter on sieges in Revised Army Regulations. The brigade officer of the day will not allow any fires made inside of brigade headquarters. Regimental and battalion commanders will be held strictly responsible for the policing of their rifle-pits and for the good order that at all times must exist in them.

By order of Colonel W. T. Spicely, commanding brigade:

F. T. LEWIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,April 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The major-general commanding corps desires to ask if it is the intention that each mortar in this front fire every three minutes during the night, or only one shot for every three minutes?

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

