SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 91. New Orleans, April 4, 1865.

1. In compliance with extract 1 of Special Field Orders, No. 22, of April 2, 1865, from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, the commanding officer Southern Division of Louisiana will ship from either Fort Jackson or Saint Philip to Mobile Bay, immediately upon the arrival of the necessary transportation, two 100-pounder rifled Parrott guns, with implements and equipments complete, without carriages. Captain J. W. Todd, chief of ordnance, will ship along with these guns, 1,600 complete rounds of assorted ammunition; that is, 800 rounds of solid shot, and long, and 800 rounds of shell, short and long. Captain Todd will personally superintend the above shipment of ordnance and ordnance stores, and consult with the commanding officer Southern Division of Louisiana, and see that everything required is forwarded in good order and fully prepared for immediate siege service. The above ordnance and ordnance stores will be invoiced to Captain William S. Beebe, ordnance corps and expedition ordnance officer, Mobile Bay. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation with the utmost dispatch by vessels drawing seven feet, or less if practicable, so as to avoid transshipment to other steamers after arrival in the bay. All officers charged, with the execution of portions of the above order are specially enjoined that their duties be performed with the greatest possible celerity.

2. Battery F, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, will proceed without delay to this city, with its guns, implements, equipments, harness, transportation, &amp;c., complete for immediate field service. Upon the arrival of the battery in this city Captain D. Webster, acting chief of artillery of the department, will see to its immediate shipment to Mobile Bay. Captain J. W. Todd, chief of ordnance of the department, will provide 300 rounds per gun of assorted ammunition for this battery, and see that it is forwarded by the same transportation that conveys the battery from this city to the field. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. All duties imposed by the above will be executed with the greatest promptness and dispatch.

3. In compliance with extract 4 of Special Field Orders, No. 22, from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, Captain J. W. Todd, chief of ordnance of the department, will ship with the least possible delay to Captain W. S. Beebe, ordnance corps and expedition ordnance officer, Mobile Bay, one hour-gun battery of 30-pounder Parrotts, with carriages, harness, implements, tools, &c., complete, together with 300 rounds per gun of assorted ammunition for siege purposes. The battery will also be provided with battery wagon and forge complete. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., April 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have this morning received a letter from Captain Walker, who sent to Memphis to urge the shipment of the cavalry. General Washburn told him he could not get it, as it was needed there more

