
in haversacks each day. He also directs that you put a fatigue party to work at clearing off the railroad by removing all burned ties and by shoveling off the dirt, so as to level it and prepare it for the ties. Instruct this party to clean it off in this direction until they meet General Kimball's party, which was now reached Midway. Also clean off the road around and beyond Blue Springs if you have the force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Greeneville, East Tenn., April 5, 1865.

Brigadier General SAMUEL BEATTY,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: You will move with your brigade this afternoon toward Jonesborough. You should reach Jonesborough to morrow. On your arrival there select a strong position and carefully cover your command against surprise pickets. Take with you ten days' rations in wagons. Unload your supply train in Jonesborough and return the wagons with a sufficient guard to this place without delay. Take with you the forage you have on hand, and supply what you can from the country by a careful and well-regulated system of foraging. So soon as you arrive at Jonesborough learn who are reliable Union men, and through them seek to employ some active, trusty, intelligent scouts to go as far as possible into Virginia, with a view to gaining all possible information of the movements of the enemy, more especially the movements of the rebel army which has lately evacuated Richmond. Such scouts will be paid liberally. Report promptly all the information you may gain.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-So soon as you have established your camp at Jonesborough go to work industriously getting out railroad ties and telegraph poles.

TH. J. WOOD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding Confed. Dept. of Miss. and E. La., Demopolis, or elsewhere:

GENERAL: I have about 2,000 prisoners of war, a number of them first and second class militia captured at this place, besides the sick and wounded in the hospitals in this city. I am willing to release them at once on parole, subject to exchange hereafter, provided necessary arrangements can be made. I make this proposition to save the country through which they will be compelled to march north from the injury that will necessarily be inflicted upon it by the impressment of supplies for so large a body of men, and in the hope that the aged and respectable gentlemen of this city so indiscreetly impressed into its defense may be spared the toilsome and painful march they will be compelled to make unless my proposition is accepted by the Confederate authorities.

