
green. Having captured trains and destroyed the roads sufficiently between those points, they will unite at a given point and proceed toward Pollard, doing such damage to the road as may be necessary to render it useless to the rebels. There is at present only one boat here to transport the cavalry to Creigler's Mills, and it may occupy two or three days, but I think will be no disadvantage, as the rest of my command will move toward Pollard and attract the attention of the rebels from the movements of Spurling. I shall make use of the balance of the cavalry to threaten different points and bewilder the enemy as much as possible. It is possible that Spurling may be so hard pressed that he cannot join me near Pollard, and be obliged to return by a circuitous route, but he will endeavor to communicate with me. It is probable that the enemy is looking out for some such movement at this, but Spurling will have excellent guides, and he is well acquainted with the country himself. I will communicate with headquarters while on the march be means of spies, if possible, and will write you again from Pensacola.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

P. S. -The Escambia is navigable to Pollard for boats of light draft, and the pilot of the Matamoras is well acquainted with the river.

F. S.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 18th day of March 1865: Captain J. S. Curtiss reports from Vicksburg, Miss., under date of the 13th instant, that the latest information of the Confederate forces in Mississippi is that Forrest, with 6,000 cavalry, was on his way to Tupelo, Miss. Ross was at Benton, Miss., with about 400 men, partly dismounted. Wood was at Raymond with a brigade of cavalry, about 600 strong. Starke's brigade, about 600 strong, was between Jackson and Meridian. The above-mentioned forces were all ordered to Tupelo to meet a raid supposed to be coming from Memphis into Central Mississippi. Information received to-day from the Red River country is simply confirmatory of previous reports that everything is quiet.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. March 18, 1865.

The following-named officers are on duty at these headquarters in the positions named, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain F. W. Emery, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain John C. Palfrey, Corps of Engineers, assistant inspector-general and chief

