
DALTON, April 5, 1865-9.10 a.m.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Expedition from Spring Place returned last night via Tipton. Constant skirmishing while out. Guerrillas numbered from 150 to 200, of whom from 12 to 15 are known to have been killed and wounded. Major Edmonson was killed while leading a charge; his body turned over to the rebels. Captain Williams, rebel, badly wounded. Our loss only two wounded. I had brought in some of the worst rebels of Spring Place. Will communicate more fully by courier.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 5, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski:

I have no doubt that your information in regard to the movements of Major Gilbert's command is correct.* I cannot hear of any of the enemy being north of the Tennessee from any one else than General Granger. It will be well, however, to keep yourself well informed of all movements, both of citizens and soldiers, if any, on the north side of the river. Endeavor particularly to suppress all smuggling.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

PULASKI, April 5, 1865-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

As I telegraphed last night, I have a party at Lamb's Ferry. They went there on Monday night and were instructed to await the arrival of a party which was to go down to Florence and return via Rogersville. I have heard nothing from either party, and I am certain that if there were any considerable, number of the enemy on this side they would have notified me. A citizen just in, who crossed at Bainbridge, says there is no enemy there or near there on either side of the river. He crossed yesterday a.m. Please say to General Thomas that I will endeavor to keep river well watched from Lamb's Ferry to Florence, and will advise hi at once if there is anything which he ought to know. A courier from the party which went to Florence, and which left it six miles below Lexington, reports no enemy heard of up to the time he left.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 5, 1865. (Received 10 a.m. 14th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The investment of Spanish Fort and its dependencies has been completed. That of Blakely will be to-day. We have been embarrassed

---------------

* See Johnson to Hoffman, 4th, p.219.

---------------

