
of the general-in-chief, who also directs that all ordnance and ordnance stores from General Hurlbut's department shall be kept afloat and ready to be forwarded to Starke's Landing, with the least possible delay, if ordered. Any portion of these stores shipped from New Orleans on sea-going vessels unfit to come up to the wharf are to be reshipped on more suitable boats. Did you succeed in chartering some more light-draft river boats which could navigate in the bay and the Alabama River? They will be greatly wanted.

Yours, very respectfully,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL STEELE,April 5, 1865.

Captain EATON:

Have just returned from making observations on our extreme right, and received your dispatch. Three steamers were seen by Lieutenant Adams and myself yesterday p.m. moving from Mobile to Blakely; two loaded with troops. Too late to see the other plainly. One of your men on watch while station was being repaired reports seeing another boat loaded with something, apparently troops, moving in same direction. This [morning] Lieutenant Strong reports one boat loaded with troops going from Blakely to Mobile.

2 p.m.-Lieutenant Adams reports steamer Jeff. Davis lying at Blakely with hospital flag flying. Steamer Senator just arrived at Blakely from Mobile, empty. Rams Nasville and Huntsville have been at anchor one mile from and short distance above our right, shelling our flanks occasionally; exploded two shells over siege battery, but injured none of working party.

4 p.m.-Nashville moved down toward Blakely, shelling occasionally. Will report by telegraph and orderly dily.

W. F. WARREN,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 25. Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 5, 1865.

4. Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty,

* * * *

7. A salute of 100 shotted guns will be fired at noon to-morrow, the 6th instant, by the forces now investing Spanish Fort, in honor of the recent victories of the Army of the Potomac near Petersburg, the Army of the Mississippi in North Carolina, and the capture of Selma, Ala., by the Army of the Cumberland.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

