
current series, of Army and Division of West Mississippi, will report to Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

II. Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby ordered to proceed to Hickox Landing, La., and superintend in person the forwarding, with the least possible delay, of all land transportation and troops belonging to this corps to their command. He will apply to the quartermaster's department for boats to forward this transportation, and, failing to obtain it, will press such boats as may be necessary. This duty accomplished, he will return and report to these headquarters for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Blakely, April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the corps commander that my line now extends to Minette Bay, near the mouth of Bateau Creek. The mouth of this creek is marsh of near an eighth of a mile in width, but on both sides the ground is hard and good near the edge of the bay. My line opposite the center crosses the creek from toward the rebel works and at the bay is on the east side, or the one nearest the pontoon bridge. At this point a 30-pounder battery could, I think, reach with ease boats in Blakely River. The rebel line, was well as I can ascertain, commences on the river at the upper landing at Blakely and then takes a course in a southeasterly direction to Minette Bay, on the west side and near the mouth of Bateau Creek. Their works run, I think, into the marsh of the bay and not into Blakely River. The works on my extreme left are new built, since the arrival of General Steele. Near the left there is a battery, and I think one heavy gun in it. All the other artillery so far used from their works are field pieces. My line is not up very close as it has been difficult to obtain information of the ground. My skirmish line is from 400 to 600 yards from the rebel works. Some of this information is not known to General Canby and perhaps he had better be informed of my present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,]

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL STEELE,April 5, 1865.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff:

General Andrews advanced his skirmish line 200 yards last night, driving the enemy from their rifle-pits.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

