HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,April 5, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE:

The artillery will be sent fully manned and complete in every respect.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL STEELE,[April 5, 1865.]

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff:

The officer who sent to look for a place to build a bridge over Minette Bay did not succeed in finding a suitable place. I will send out again in the morning. It is highly important that a heavy battery be established on the enemy's right, for as soon as the battery on his left drives away the gun-boats they will probably drop down the stream and make it very hot for Garrard.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

APRIL 5, 1865.-7.30 a.m.

Captain LACEY:

A large steamer (blockade-runner) has just gone down from Blakely to Mobile. She is well loaded with troops. The gun-boat Huntsville is in the same position, and I can see the smoke of two others but cannot make them out through the trees.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. P. STRONG,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

FORT PIKE, LA., April 5, 1865.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Southern Division of Louisiana:

SIR: I have the honor to report for your consideration the following information: Captain Martin, of Colonel Perrin's regiment of Mississippi cavalry, says:

I left the regiment about the 2nd day of November, 1864, at Cross Plains, near Blue Mountains, near the Georgia line. I have been in Newton County, Miss., since. I left home on the 24th of March. General Forrest had his headquarters at Macon, Noxubee County, Miss. He has lately moved his command from the vicinity of Natchez to Macon. This was about the 17th of March. My impression is that General Forrest has not more than 5,000 effective men. Wirt Adams' old brigade, commanded by Colonel Mabry, was at or near Canton, Miss., the last I knew of it. I think the majority of Hood's army are at home, never having returned since they were furloughed. I have been appointed one of a committee of three, by the Union men of Mississippi, to report to and confer with the military governor of Mississippi or the commanding officer of the U. S. forces at Vicksburg. They are willing and anxious to come under the old rule, and will comply or coincide with anything the powers that be may require, and if necessary can defend themselves. I can raise in Newton and adjoining counties 300 men in a very short time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. CRANE,

Captain, Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry.

