
engineer; Captain A. N. Shipley, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster; Captain S. A. Cobb, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain George W. Fox, Twenty-sixth New York Battery, chief of artillery; Captain J. J. Williamson, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, chief of ordnance; Captain James B. Ludwick, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, chief signal officer; Surg. C. B. White, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Major W. W. Todd, Seventy-sixth Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain H. G. Palfrey, Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, acting engineer; Captain D. P. Ballard, Twenty-third Iowa Volunteers, chief of ambulance corps; Acting Staff Surg. L. F. Humeston, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector. Aides-de-camp -Captain William L. Avery, U. S. Volunteers; First Lieutenant C. S. Sargent, Second Louisiana Volunteers.

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pensacola, Fla., March 18, 1865.

Captain JOHN F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Barrancas, Fla.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that if two more companies of the Second Maine Cavalry can be spared from Barrancas it will, in my opinion, be a benefit to the service to have them here. It is necessary to have a cavalry picket on the main road leading out from here and men are required daily as escorts to Barrancas and back for teams, &amp;c. The escort that went down to Barrancas yesterday for ambulances has not returned and it is necessary to send another this morning to that place. I desired to-day to go out to reconnoiter the roads, but have not a sufficient escort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Dauphin Island, Ala., March 18, 1865.

* * * * *

III. The Twenty-sixth Indiana Infantry will immediately join its command in the field near Mobile. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

IV. The Thirty-third Illinois Infantry will immediately rejoin its division in the field near Mobile, leaving one company with the transportation of the division as a guard. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

V. The Twenty-first Missouri Veteran Volunteer Infantry will immediately rejoin its division in the field near Mobile, leaving one company as a guard with the transportation of the division. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

