HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, East Tenn., April 6, 1865.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report our safe arrival at this point to-day, at 2 p.m., and the occupying of the best positions I could select near the town by the regiments of my command. The position is a good one, and will, if necessary, be made stronger by entrenchments. We can hear of no rebel force of any consequence near here. A few bushwhackers were run out of the town when we entered. A scout has been sent out who intends to go as far as Wytheville and learn all he can of the enemy's movements. From all reports the forage is very scarce, and can only be procured by going over into another valley a considerable distance from here. I shall proceed at once to follow out all written and verbal instructions received from the general commanding.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. BEATTY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, No. 15. Selma, Ala., April 6, 1865.

* * * *

II. Division commanders will at once order a thorough inspection of their trains to ascertain whether any articles are carried in them other than those allowed by order before the command left the Tennessee River. All articles plundered from the inhabitants found in the wagons will be turned over to the corps provost-marshal.

III. Division commanders will at once take measures to mount the dismounted men of their commands.

IV. All able-bodied negroes who may join the command and are willing to serve as soldiers will be organized into companies, to be commanded by officers, non-commissioned, and privates selected for the purpose. As soon as each division commander has formed ten companies he will organize them into a regiment. The negro troops will habitually march with the train.

By command of Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Selma, April 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General McCOOK,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: If you have not yet heard from General Croxton you will at once send a party toward Elyton to communicate with him, and give orders to move by the most direct road to Selma.

By command of Brevet Major-General:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

