HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Selma, Ala. April 6, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with the request of the general commanding, I have the honor to transmit a copy of the written instructions furnished General Croxtron previous to starting for Tuscaloosa.* The party of picked men (fifty), in command of Captain Town, started from near Randolph yesterday morning. His instructions verbally were to proceed to the Cahawba River, near railroad bridge over which the column passed, and either cross at the ford with his command or send scouts, as might appear most prudent, toward Elyton and Trion, until definite and positive information could be gained of General Croxton. In case of meeting the general he was instruct him to proceed with the least possible delay to Selma, and the captain himself was to rejoin his command as speedily as possible after the accomplishment of his mission. Similar instructions in writing were given to his regimental commander by Colonel La Grande in making the detail. The scout, Fitzpatrick, sent in rebel uniform, was also instructed to bear Croxton the same orders and not to return until he found him. Form the character of the men sent I feel satisfied that no means will be left untried to comply with their orders, The reasons I sent no written order to Croxton was that I dared some accident might place them in the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 6TH DIV., CAV. CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 2. Pulaski, Tenn., April 6, 1865.

* * * * * * *

II. Captain R. P. Finney, Company M, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, is detailed as acting assistant adjutant general, First Brigade, Sixth Division, cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, on the staff of the colonel commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

T. H. BUTLER,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS, April 6, 1865.

Major-General OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff:

The road by the pontoon bridge is so blocked up by wagons that it will be almost impossible for the artillery to get through, even if the bridge is heavy enough. Send all loaded trains for General Steele's and General Veatch's commands by the old road, and keep the pontoon train open for the passage of troops and artillery.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

---------------

* See p. 136.

---------------

