HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster:

Your dispatch of the 5th instant and to-day are received and were laid before the general-in-chief. The general approves of the suggestion of Captain Dyer, and you have leave to visit New Orleans in order to perfect all arrangements for the most regular and speedy forwarding of all supplies and stores for the army in the field. It is as yet impossible to name approximately a period when Mobile will be in the hands of the army, but everything ought to be foreseen to enable General Canby, whenever the time comes, to push his command forward with the least possible delay. The number and quality of our transports appear to be insufficient. If you can procure a number of light-draft and powerful side-wheel steamers (tugs of the Ohio are very desirable) they will prove the very thing in the bay, while stern-wheelers will be more suitable for river navigation. The general-in-chief does not wish to have working parties organized or cars built for the Alabama railroads. He thinks the latter can be procured cheaper in Mobile or from other sources when once needed. The 13-inch siege coast mortars expected from Pensacola will be kept afloat and ready to be brought forward at a moment's notice. The general-in-chief authorizes you to retain Captain Rundle until his place can be filled otherwise. Please apply official to the Quartermaster-General in Washington for the captain to be relieved from the examining board, and send the paper up for the indorsement of the general.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, April 6, 1865.

Captain S. M. EATON:

Lieutenant Adams reports steamer Magnolia at 8.30 a. m. going from Blakely to mobile loaded with troops. Telegraph line visible running from Blakely to Mobile between Blakely [and] Tensas Rivers.

WARREN,Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 6th day of April, 1865: Benjamin B. Martin, late captain of cavalry in Wheeler's command, from Newton County, Miss., March 24, states that he is a delegate chosen by the Union men of Newton, Leake, and Neshoba Counties, at public meetings held by them, to represent their readiness to submit to the laws of the United States. At the meeting in Newton County 229 men were present. There had also been a similar meeting

