HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,April 6, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Instruct the commanding officer of one of the 30-pounder Parrott batteries on Bay Minette to report with this his guns at once to Major-General Steele, at Blakely. A support of one regiment from your corps will accompany the battery to within General Garrard's lines.

By order of Major-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 35. Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 6, 1865.

I. Battery H, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, will proceed to Blakely, Ala., via pontoon bridge, and report to Major General F. Steele for further orders.

II. Brigadier General J. McArthur, commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will cause one regiment of his command to report at the pontoon bridge across Bayou Minette at 11.30 a. m. to-day with arms. They will escort one 30-pounder Parrott battery to within General Garrard's line at Blakely and return without delay.

III. A salute of twenty-five shouted guns will be fired by the First and Third Divisions of this command at 12 m. to-day, commencing on the right of the Third Division, in honor of the recent victories of the Army of the Potomac near Petersburg, the Army of the Mississippi in North Carolina, and the capture of Selma, Ala., by the Army of the Cumberland. Captain John W. Lovell, chief of artillery, Sixteenth Army Corps, will make all necessary arrangements and superintend the firing.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, near Mobile, Ala., April 6, 1865.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Commanding Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send from your command a working party of thirty men in charge of a good officer, to report with entrenching tools to Captain Hill, engineer officer, at the 30-pounder battery on the bay, to prepare the right battery for the reception of two 100-pounder Parrotts. He also directs that you detail sixteen enlisted men from your command to report to Lieutenant James, commanding Coehorn mortars, for duty with the mortars. One man from the heavy artillery will be left to each mortar, to superintend the firing. The balance are needed elsewhere.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

