
[Inclosure.]

Statement of Martin B. Hare and Washington Crane, Eighth Alabama Cavalry, brought in by our scouts with four other deserters and five negroes.

There are no rebel troops at Pollard. Some scouts arrived there on Saturday from Belleville, Ala., in command of Lieutenant McCastle, with orders to return to Greenville, and if they found no troops there to proceed to Montgomery. This order was sent to them from Greenville by Colonel Lary, in command of Clanton's brigade. General Clanton is still alive at Abercrombie's place, this side of the Escambia bridge, with six other wounded rebel soldiers.

APRIL 6, 1865.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, upon information received that some prominent rebel have returned to Santa Rosa County, Fla., with the view to take out their stock of castle and horses, I have sent Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, Second Illinois Cavalry, commanding cavalry detachments, with 100 men on the steamer Matamoras up the Saint Mary's Bay to Bagdad to arrest all such parties and bring in their stock of cattle and horse.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have to apply for two river steamers to be stationed at Cedar Keys with the object of transporting troops for sudden expeditions or raids. The only steamer in this districts which can carry troops draws nine feet, and is therefore unsuitable. I have likewise to lay before you the great difficulty of communicating with New Orleans, which in short time will become greater, owing to the fear of touching at this place in warm weather. There is no great probability of having the yellow fever here this season, but even should this be, steamers by stopping at Sand Key could deliver and receive mails without danger of infection. I have to suggest a dispatch boat between this place and New Orleans, by which communication could be maintained every twelve days. I have to ask that the transport steamers be ordered to stop here going and returning from New Orleans. The Merrimac stopped here on her late trip to New Orleans, but in returning passed us by. This proceedings constitutes a grave inconvenience, and therefore I report it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

