
PULASKI, April 7, 1865.

General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Lieutenant Allen, Twentieth Tennessee (rebel) Cavalry, left Columbus, Miss., March 29, 1865. He reports that Forrest left West Point, passed through Columbus, going to Selma; thought he was going to meet Wilson. Heard of no rebels on Tennesse River. Forrest has 7,000 mounted men. Buford when last heard from was in Tuscaloosa. He had been assigned to the command of Roddey's division.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 39. Chattanooga, Tenn., April 7, 1865.

* * * * * * *

IV. Subject to the approved of the major-general commanding department, the following-named regiment will constitute the Third Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, Colonel H. Le Favour, Twenty-second Michigan (senior officer of the brigade), commanding: Twenty-second Michigan Infantry Volunteers, Eleventh Michigan Infantry Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry Volunteers. reports and returns of the brigade required by existing department order will be made direct to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG-SHIP, April 7, 1865.

Major-General CANBY:

A large of killed and wounded have been taken from the fort to Mobile.

THATCHER,

Admiral.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE,

[April 7, 1865.]

General CANBY:

This morning we have two refugees, youngsters, natives of New York. The Mobile papers of yesterday report Johnston's second defeat by Sherman, in which the latter captured 10,000 prisoners and completely dispersed the rebel army. Sherman had occupied Greensborough, and has advanced to Gaston, N. C., near the Virginia line. In Mobile there are not troops but the Pelham battalion of boys. At Hall's Mills are 5,000 cavalry. The papers say also a steamer started yesterday with four 100-pounder Parrotts for Spanish Fort: that besides the Nashville, Huntsville, Tuscaloosa, and Morgan, the rebels have at Blakely two rams, which were towed up there; that Thomas, at last accounts, was advancing from Selma to Montgomery, and had taken it. They say that garrison have been left in the forts own est side of the bay; that authorities seem determined to hold out at Spanish Fort to the last, and that they are driving piles at the junction of the Alabama and Spanish Rivers, and that there are no

