
forts on the marsh there; that the general opinion is that nothing can prevent Sherman's junction, at petersburg, with Grant, and that Lee must surrender. They also say that all supplies to Spanish Fort are taken by way of Blakely, the ammunition by land, and provisions by steam-boats. These refugees say that at last accounts Steele was twenty-six miles distant from Blakely, and that no attempt [will be made] to hold Mobile City after the fall of these Spanish forts; that very many of the mobile inhabitants are praying for our success.
H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,April 7, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

Please forward the following dispatch:

Admiral THATCHER:

Captain Starrett, your ordnance officer, informs me that there are two, if not more, Marsilly carriages, with breechings and implements complete for 100-pounder Parrotts, at the Reading Press Ordnance Depot, at New Orleans, and two at Pensacola Navy-Yard. I respectfully request that the same may be sent for, or, in case it should not be practicable for the navy to furnish transportation, that the carriages be turned over to the respective quartermasters at New Orleans and Pensacola. These carriages will only be in case the platforms we are now constructing should not be found to answer. I am much obliged for your interesting dispatch about Sherman, &amp;c.

Yours, truly.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,April 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received the following from the flag-ship:

FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE, April 7, 1865.

Major-General CANBY:

I shall comply with your request in giving the order for the gun carriages at New Orleans and Pensacola. I expect that I have no transportation. Will place in hands of your aide-de-camp the orders on the respective commanders to turn over to your quartermaster. I had just dispatched a steamer to New Orleans on service only fifteen minutes since. The two refugees tell me that several loads of wounded and dead were brought into Mobile, per steamers from Spanish Fort, and that they saw them.

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE,

Mobile Bay, April 7, 1865.

Captain GEORGE F. EMMONS,

Senior Officer, 158 Canal Street, New Orleans:

Please deliver to the U. S. army quartermaster at New Orleans two or more Marsilly gun carriages, with equipments and breechings, for use in Mobile Bay, from Reading Press Naval Arsenal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

