HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Blakely, April 7, 1865.

Captain E. V. HITCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to inform the general commanding that I sent a scout of fifty men toward Stockton yesterday afternoon. They went within two miles of that place and returned late last evening. Nothing whatever of the enemy was seen, but they ascertained that a squad of twenty-five rebels was lurking about in that vicinity. Everything is quiet along the picket-line, and there are no sings of an enemy this morning.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., April 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have received information from Washington that 1,000 of the Spencer carbines applied for on my arrival have been shipped, and that the balance of the 5,000 will be forward as rapidly as they can be supplied. Then shipment of the cavalry has been suspended for a few days in compliance with your orders for the forwarding of the supply trains. Since writing you I have heard nothing further in regard to the Memphis cavalry, and no horses have arrived. I will join you at Mobile Bay the first of the week, leaving General West here to urge forward the balance of the cavalry, and by which time I hope to hear something definite for Washington in regard to the cavalry ordered from Memphis. If it cannot be obtained, I will organize what we have into three brigades, or two divisions, whichever may meet the approval of the general commanding. I have written General Halleck fully in regard to the condition of the cavalry in the Military Division of West Mississippi, and hope the necessary material for its equipment will be promptly ordered forward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,April 8, 1865. (Received 3 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I send the following telegram, just received from General Hatch, for the information of the Secretary of War. I believe there is probability of its truth, though the source from which General Hatch derived it cannot be strictly relied on:

EATPORT, MISS., April 6, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

A scout just in reports as follows: Rebel telegram to Rienzi states Federal cavalry at Selma whipped Forrest and burned the town. Cavalry supposed to be Wilson's. That Forrest had fallen back to Columbus, Miss.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

