
pleted line from the redoubt to the bayou unguarded and the mounted guns without men to serve them. The within order* of Major-General Steele states that the last regiment of General Lucas' command arriving will report to me and remain at this post. I would respectfully request that the commanding officer of that regiment be ordered accordingly, as I have no mounted men left in my command.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 12. Barrancas, Fla., March 18, 1865.

The troops of this command will march to-morrow morning at 5.30. Reveille will be at 4 o'clock. The order of march by brigades will be Third, Second, First. For this day's march the march will be by brigade, each brigade being followed by its own transportation. Captain Purnell, assistant quartermaster, will furnish extra teams to lighten the loads for this day's march, as follows: Three wagons to each regiment; one wagon to each brigade headquarters. The command will proceed to Pensacola via the beach road. In crossing the bayou near Gun-boat Point the men will take off their shoes and whatever other clothing may be necessary to keep them dry. The troops will ford by company front. A staff officer from these headquarters will designate the locality of the fording. Great caution will be observed that the men do no allow their ammunition to become wet. A messenger will be sent to Captain Purnell in the morning to get the teams when wanted.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 3. Barrancas, Fla., March 18, 11865.

First Lieutenant George Mahaffey, Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, having reported to these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 4, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General William A. Pile:

J. W. WELLS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. CAV. FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 18, 1865.

Brigadier General JOSEPH F. KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I herewith send you an order for the embarkation of your command for Fort Gaines. The general commanding directs me to say

---------------

*See Lacey to Asboth, 17th, p. 17.

---------------

