
NASHVILLE, April 8, 1865 - 7.30 p. m.

(Received 2 a. m. 9th)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

One of our prisoners just escaped from Salisbury reports that Stoneman was at Statesville on the 31st of March destroyed the railroad. He had destroyed the factory at Lenior. This soldier says the rebels had no force nor fortifications at Salisbury. Stanley has sent out an expedition under Colonel Kirby, one of his brigade commanders, toward Asheville, who returned to-day reporting that Asheville wa too strong for him to attack, but General Tillson's movements I think will render the position held by the enemy at Asheville of no importance to them, as they will be cut off from their re-enforcements both by Stoneman and Tillson. I am pushing forward repairs on the railroad, and will soon have it done to the Virginia line.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

GREENVILLE, April 8, 1865 - 10 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The following received from Brigadier-General Tillson, dated Mouth of Roan Creek, Tenn., April 3, to Major-General Stanley.* I have just heard from General Beatty, whose brigade is at Jonesborough. He can hear nothing of the enemy except a few bushwhackers. Has sent a scout to Wytheville. He also reporters forage very scarce. I have heard nothing from Colonel Kirby yet, but think he is all right.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

GREENVILLE, April 8, 1865 - 5 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

An escaped prisoner from Salisbury just in says Stoneman was at Statesville this day one week ago destroying the railroad. He had destroyed the large factory at lenior. Says the rebels had no force nor satisfactions at Salisbury. Colonel Kirby has returned from Asheville. He went to the place but found the fortifications too strong to storm.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Greenville, East Tenn., April 8, 1865.

C. LATIMER, Esq.,

Division Engineer, Lick Creek:

General Stanley has directed General Kimball to give you all of the help you want. He also General Elliott day before yesterday to have the ties hauled to the railroad.

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See p. 204.

---------------

