
and 4, is so far changed as hereafter to be termed brigade, vice division. The command of Colonel Carey, as prescribed in paragraph 3, will be known as First Brigade, Second Division, Department of Kentucky. That of Major Wolfley, as prescribed in paragraph 3, will be known as Second Brigade, Second Division, Department of Kentucky. That of Colonel John H. Ward, as prescribed in paragraph 2, as the Third Brigade, Second Division, Department of Kentucky.

By command of Colonel Eli H. Murray:

A. G. SLOO,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 8, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just returned from a visit to major-General Canby's headquarters in the field, and have had an opportunity of witnessing his operations. His investment of Spanish Fort, east of Mobile, is complete, and his batteries cut off all communication by the fort which that city, except, perhaps, at night, with small boats. The other two works, Forts Tracy and Huger, are also under our guns, and they must fall simultaneously with Spanish Fort. Saps bring us within seventy-five yards of this latter work, and as soon as additional heavy guns can be placed in position a general bombardment will take place, and the work must fall in a few days. Its garrison is supposed to number 5,000. Blakely is also closely invested, the left of Steele's troops reaching nearly to the right of Smith's corps. In regard to the organization of colored troops, which was the special object of my visit, I find that as yet but few have come into General Canby's lines, his position being in a barren region of Alabama where slavery has existed but in a slight degree. I suggested that the negroes who come within hill lines should be assigned to regiments already organized to bring them up to the maximum standard. The general, however, desires them for laborers in the several departments, and he will use them in this manner. This is the view taken by most commanders, but it is not my own. I think they should be organized as troops and details made from them in proper proportions to do the necessary work of our armies. I shall leave here on the 11th instant for Kentucky, stopping at the several points on the river to transact such business as may be necessary.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

APRIL 8, 1865.

Admiral THATCHER:

(Care of General Bailey.)

I have the honor to inform you that Spanish Fort and Fort Alexis are now in our possession. Be kind enough to put your officers on their guard that they do not into us in the morning.

Very respectfully,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

