HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 8th day of April, 1865: Mrs. Howell, from Mobile, March 30, reports that the rebels are planting torpedoes in the shell road and other approaches to the city similar to those found on the eastern shore near Spanish Fort. She states that a short time before she left a large number of the troops on Mobile were sent out, in either in the direction of Selma and Montgomery or to go farther east. She estimates them at 5,000, but her judgment is not reliable as to numbers. A force of cavalry also came into Mobile about the same time, said to be from Forrest's command, and supposed to be McCulloch's brigade, which was formerly stationed there. This cavalry was to go to the eastern shore.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 28. Near Spanish Fort, Ala., April 8, 1865.

* * * * * * *

3. The commanding general Department of the Gulf will immediately upon the receipt of this order forward one battery, consisting of four 3-inch rifled guns, to report at these headquarters for service in Hawkins' division of colored infantry. The battery to be completely equipped in every respect with two extra caissons and as much assorted ammunition for field purposes as can be carried. Lieutenant Isaac N. Mitchell, acting assistant quartermaster, artillery corps, Department of the Gulf, will issue such horses as are necessary to provide this battery thoroughly.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,April 8, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

The commanding general desires to be informed where the 100-pounder Parrott that left the wharf last evening at 9 o'clock now is. He also wishes to be notified when the navy guns are sent forward, and directs me to say that the siege guns expected from Pensacola are to be sent to the front as soon as they arrive. You are authorized to retain three men of the Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry as orderlies in place of those returned to General Knipe. Captain Van Tuyl will return as soon as the supply train of which he goes in charge has arrived here.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

