
that two steamers- the Calhoun and Corinthian-each with capacity for about ninety horses, will be at Chalmette to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. You will hold your command in readiness to load the vessels as they are furnished without unnecessary delay. The general further directs that you embark Colonel Johnson's brigade first, in order to give Colonel Karge as much time as possible to concentrate and refit his command. Captain Perkins, assistant quartermaster, at the foot of Common street, is master of transportation, and reports that he will be able to take from 200 to 500 horses daily. The ten days' rations and forage should, as far as possible, be sent up the vessels with the troops. Use all possible dispatch in sending the regiments which are ordered up the river to their destination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. WOODWARD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 19, 1865.- For Grant to Halleck, relating to Washburn's command on the Mississippi, see Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 1214.]

CITY POINT, VA., March 19, 1865-12 m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

If Stoneman has not got off on his expedition, start him at once which whatever force you can give him. He will not meet with opposition now that cannot be overcome with 1,500 men. If I am not much mistaken, he will able to come within fifty miles of Lynchburg.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 19, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

Probably General Canby's orders were issued before he received War Department General Orders, Numbers 21. Of course you will give General Washburn such instructions in regard to his cavalry as you may deem proper.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CHICKASAW, ALA., March 19, 1865.

(Received 20th.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Everything ready and shall march to-morrow morning. From all I can learn Forrest has concentrated his force about Tuscaloosa. I shall march southeastward as rapidly as possible till I cross the Black Warrior. I anticipate great difficulty in subsisting my stock till I arrive at that stream. Shall endeavor to keep you advised of my movements.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

