
during the last twenty-four hours: I have made no advance during the last twenty-four hours. My last advance was with my right wing (Second Brigade) on Wednesday night, April 5, a distance of 150 yards, obtaining a fine position on the crest of a moderate slope, within eighty yards of the enemy's line of abatis. This position we still hold, and, commencing at the edge of a woody ravine on which the left of the Second Brigade, rests, are making a rifle-pit toward the right, having already finished 200 yards. The work is still progressing, but the position is so exposed we can only extend it by the flank, two men working at a time. This line is only about 500 yards from the enemy's battery which commands the Stockton road, and my sharpshooters have this morning troubled the enemy's gunners in that battery. To this line I have just described I have two approaches, but as they are near together I have had an approach commenced farther to the right. This part of my front has drawn the concentrated fire of the enemy at different times. Last night, at 1 o'clock, the enemy (using a blue light for a signal) attempted a charge, and the firing of artillery and musketry was severe for nearly an hour. One of the Hotchkiss rifled guns was ready and opened on the enemy's Stockton-road battery last Wednesday morning, and, on Thursday morning, the 6th, two more guns of his battery were in position. These are all on the second parallel of the Second Brigade and have done good execution, and though they have been fiercely replied to by the enemy's guns of large caliber, they have yet received no injury. The Third Brigade (my left wing) has not advanced since Tuesday, April 4, at which time it was a successful advance of 300 yards. This line it has strengthened with a strong and wide rifle-pit and commenced approaches to the front. Near the right of this line a battery was completed for six guns Friday morning. One of the Fifteenth Massachusetts Napoleons opened at daylight that morning and was answered roughly by a 4-inch rifle and 24-pounder howitzer from the enemy's battery 500 yards opposite. My front being so far advanced, has drawn a severe artillery and skirmish fire from the enemy at different times every night, as well as in the daytime. My command has performed an incredible amount of work. The casualties now amount to only thirty killed and wounded, which I consider most remarkable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Before Blakely, Ala., April 8, 1865.

Brigade commanders will see that their brigades are supplied with axes and spades, in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps, viz: One ax and one spade to each twelve men. Great care will be taken that the men have their clothing washed before marching. To this end inception will be made and every man will be required to have the clothing on his person as well as that carried in his knapsack perfectly clean. It is doubtful if new clothing can now be procured, but it will be well to send in estimates for such as is necessary.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

