HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Near Blakely, Ala., April 8, 1865.

Captain J. F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations in my front during the past twenty-four hours; In front of Drew's brigade, the right, the skirmishers are about 600 yards from the fort. A battery for Napoleon guns is being constructed about 300 yards in rear of the skirmish line on the right. The battery of four 30-pounder Parrott guns on the right is finished, and is about 1,200 yards from the fort. Scofield's brigade (center). The advance line of work is between 700 and 800 yards from the fort. In rear of the line a battery for two guns is ready for the pieces. Pile's brigade (left). The average distance to the fort from the advance line is between 500 and 600 yards. General Pile reporters that on his center there is a very fine position for a battery, which can be made to bear upon all the enemy's guns in his front. As far as known there are in his front nine guns - one 32-pounder, two 24-pounders, one 18-pounder, and one 12-pounder; the caliber of the other four unknown. No advance has been made during the last twenty-four hours. The men being engaged in constructing batteries and strengthening the parallels and approaches already made, a greater number of picks is required. The ground is hard and the shovel is a poor instrument without a greater number of picks to assist it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Before Blakely, Ala., April 8, 1865.

Captain SAMUEL B. FERGUSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, U. S. Colored Troops:

SIR: In obedience to your circular of the 7th instant I have the honor to report that no advance has been made by me within the last twenty four hours. The enemy have upon my front nine guns - one 32-pounder, five 24-pounder, one 18-pounder, and one 12-pounder; the caliber of the other unknown. The average distance to the enemy's works is about 550 yards. There is a ravine 100 yards in my front, with a crest of high ground beyond, which will form a good position for an advance line. On my right center there is a very fine position for a battery, bearing upon all the enemy's guns in my front.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain LACEY:

Sharp firing has commenced from the enemy's batteries and the three gun-boats which are on our right and in their old positions. The Nashville is throwing shells toward General Garrard's front.

R. P. STRONG,

Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

19 R R - VOL XLIX, PT II

