
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 9. Chickasaw, Ala., March 19, 1865.

I. The Cavalry Corps will march at 5.30 a. m. to-morrow in the following order:

First. The First Division, Brigadier-General McCook commanding, on the right, by the road running nearest Bear Creek to Buzzard Roost, and thence by the most practicable route toward Russellville.

Second. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Long commanding, in the center, by the road through his camp to Cherokee Station, thence by the best road that can be found to russellville.

Third. The Fourth Division, Brevet Major-General Upton commanding, on the left, by the most direct route to Barton's Station, and thence by the road from Newport to Russellville, passing by Throckmorton's Mill and the Crooked Oak Cross-Roads, unless an equally good road can be found still farther to be eastward between Newport and Tuscumbia roads. In the latter case the march should be directed to the left of Russellville on Newburg and Kinlock. This direction is preferred.

Fourth. The pontoon train, Major Hubbard commanding, will march with the Second Division, and till further notice receive marching orders from General Long. It will join the division as soon as practicable.

II. It is possible that only one practicable wagon road can be found across the mountains, in which case the trains will pass in the order of their arrival at it.

III. Division commanders will take every means to inform themselves of the country, the practicable roads in the direction of the march, and the location in which forage can be found. The supplies of grain, provisions, and ammunition with which the command starts must be used with the greatest possible economy, and every effort must be made to move with the greatest possible celerity till the barren portion of country is passed.

IV. In the absence of specific orders from these headquarters, division commanders will cause their commands habitually to begin the march at daybreak, or as soon thereafter as practicable, marching brigades on separate roads where it can be done to advantage.

V. Corps headquarters will be habitually with the center column.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Chickasaw, March 19, 1865.

In consequence of the non-arrival of forage the Cavalry Corps will not move to-morrow as was anticipated. Division commanders whose trains have marched in advance will send out sufficient guards to secure their safety. The pontoon train having been assigned a place in General Long's column, he will send out an officer at daybreak to-morrow to direct it to park with the Second Division train. The pontoon train left Eastport to-day to cross the Bear Creek bridge and proceed to Cherokee Station to join the Second Division. It will probably be found

