
infested these counties, is most admirable. In the counties of Bedford, Coffee, Lincoln, and that portion of Franklin where they are organized, those terrors and pests of the country have entirely dispersed. The home guards have through their company courts settled fairly, justly, and amicably many claims which have been brought to me as provost-marshal and referred to said courts for adjuration. The workings of the court I find generally restores to a great extent that good feeling and amity so essential to the welfare of a united people. Aside front his the people or home guards have rallied to the assistance of some of our troops, and aided and assisted in driving and killing the guerrillas, by whom our troops were at times repulsed. They have also had encounters with the guerrillas or horse thieves by themselves, in which they acted nobly, capturing [or] killing several guerrillas, one a noted captain, losing several of their own men in the encounter, capturing some seven horses in one instance and several in others. All the horses and otehr property captured have been returned to their original owners on proof of property adduced before the home-guard company court. They have arrested and brought to justice four Federal soldiers, two of them deserters from the Nineteenth Regulars, who had exchanged clothing with citizens and were endeavoring to escape. The two other had gone about the country exchanging horses with whom they pleased, and doing about as they pleased. These men otherwise would in all probability [have] escaped. In no instance can I learn of a single outrage or theft committed by members of such organization. They have so rid the country, where organized, as to render it comparatively safe for Federal soldiers to pass through by themselves. You are aware that the officers have been selected with an eye single to their loyalty, competency, and reliability.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. BILLINGS,

Major and Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 9, 1865 - 9 a. m. (Received 1 p. m. 17th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Spanish Fort and its dependencies were captured last night. We have 25 officer and 538 enlisted men prisoners, and have taken 5 mortars and 25 guns. The major part of the garrison escaped by water. Blakely is already invested. Will be assault to-day unless the works are stronger than I now believe them to be. Our casualties are small.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 9, 1865. (Received 1.30 p. m. 18th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have the honor to report the capture this day of the rebel fortifications at Blakely, with 2,400 prisoners and 20 guns.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Halleck.)

