
near Bear Creek bridge or between there and the station. Division commanders will make arrangements to procure forage the moment it arrives. It is expected to-morrow.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Chickasaw, Ala., March 19, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: My train did not get more than fairly stretched out on the road to-night, and I presume that of the Fourth Division is not very far in advance, as it moved out, contrary to my expectation and understanding, on the same road. I have not bee able to get the full amount of forage to start from here with as required by General Wilson's order, as it is not here to be drawn. And if all of the other divisions are in the same fix as regards forage, and if there is, as I have understood, a probability of some grain arriving here to-morrow, I would respectfully suggest that the command remain in camp to-morrow and allow the trains to get out as far as the railroad, or farther if they can. I do not, however, wish to remain in camp unless the other divisions do, as I do not wish to get behind.

Awaiting a reply, I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., March 19, 1865.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your telegram of 8.10 p. m. yesterday received. From our present knowledge of the situation of affairs in Southwestern Virginia I believe the route agreed upon by us for your forces to take will be the most effective that can be adopted, viz, to go down New River Valley, strike the railroad beyond Christiansburg, unless you learn that Sheridan has possession of Lynchburg; then, if you should learn the force at Danville is weak, attack that place and destroy the railroad as far as you can with safety toward Richmond, and then withdraw toward Tennessee, and observe and report all movements of the enemy to me promptly.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

[MARCH 19, 1865.- For Halleck to Washburn, relating to command of latter on the Mississippi, see Vol. XLVIII, Part I, p. 1215.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., DIST. OF WEST TENN., Numbers 46. Memphis, Tenn., March 19, 1865.

I. Colonel J. P. C. Shanks, commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division, will on Monday, the 20th instant, at daylight, move the effective force

