
after which I moved to the left, occupying Fort Alexis, placing guards over the guns, magazines, and various other property before the works were entered by the troops of any other command. After we had been in possession of the works about half an hour I was met by Major Boydston, of General Benton's staff, to whom I turned over the captured property, calling the attention of Major Bonham, Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, as well as other officers of his regiment, to the transaction, when Major Boydston placed guards over the premises. I then directed Major Bonham to return with his regiment to the remainder of the brigade within the works of the Spanish Fort.

JAMES G. McGREW,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Near Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

The within statement is forwarded for the purpose of vindicating the claim of this command to the credit of first occupying and obtaining possession of the property in Fort Alexis. The facts within stated can be sustained by abundant proofs.

L. F. HUBBARD,Colonel, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Blakely, Ala., April 9, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

U. S. Forces before Blakely:

SIR: I have the honor to report no changes in my line since yesterday. The battery for the large guns is finished, nd in place of them I am promised temporarily Mack's battery of six 20-pounder guns. They were to have been [here] at daylight, but have not arrived. My two division batteries are in position. After learning of the capture of Spanish Fort, I advanced my pickets to see if the enemy was still strong in my front. There was no change in their number or guns. The division on my right is reported still far behind me, and until it comes up I am compelled to remain in my present line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, April 9, 1865.

Major-General GRANGER:

Your men are contending with mine for the possession of the captured guns and works. Let us wait until the rebels are whipped before we quarrel amongst ourselves.

Very respectfully,E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

