
yards. This brings all of my right and a part of my left regiment on the crest this side of the ravine mentioned in my last report, and places me in a very advantageous position from which to make another advance of from 100 to 125 paces to the crest on the opposite side of the above-mentioned ravine. The enemy's position remains unchanged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, April 9, 1865.

Major-General CANBY,Blakely:

GENERAL: My line will be established by 10 a. m. to-morrow, commencing two miles south of Starke's Wharf on the bay, running via John Kee's to Martin Durant's; thence along the road leading to Greenwood from the village to the intersection of the road to Sibley's Mills; thence north to Holyoke; thence by most direct road to Stockton. The courier-line established with General Asboth, with your permission, I will extend from Greenwood to Blakely by the direct route from that point to Pensacola. My headquarters will be in the neighborhood of your late headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Barrancas, April 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the foraging party sent to Bagdad under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, Second Illinois Cavalry, returned last night with 105 head of cattle, 2 horses, 5 rebel deserters, 5 colored recruits, and 2 noted rebel citizens. Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh could learn of no rebel forces this side of Evergreen, and but a small force there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with permission received, I left camp at 7 o'clock this morning to cross Tensas River, and respectfully submit the following report:

Arriving at Tensas River at 8 o'clock I proceeded down the left bank of the Tensas about two miles, which brought me directly in the rear of the rebel batteries. Before reaching that point I had in vision tried to discover any rebel troops or pickets by climbing trees, but no trace whatsoever could I find of either guards or pickets in the rear of their

