
camp near the river. The rebel batteries which I could observe are situated as follows: One two-gun battery in the center of the rebel line in the rear of the hotel at Blakely, and one one-gun battery on the extreme left of their line. These are the only I was unable to see. The rebel gun-boats (two) with steam up are lying idle opposite the hotel at Blakely, but men on board of these boats were busily employed at something which I was unable to see without a field-glads. As far as I could see, from the center toward the left of the rebel line, it was one line of earth-work situated on a very steep bank of the Tensas (about 100 yards high). From this earth-work the aforementioned guns fired. If they have any more on the line I am not able to say. In the rear of his bluff the rebel camp is situated on the slope of the same, facing the river, protected by no guards or pickets on the river side. I tried in vain to discover a large number of troops in camp, but I was only able to see a few, and to all appearances rebel troops do not seem to be plenty. In the center of their camp several large tents were pitched, which I suppose are either hospital tents or quarters of the commanding officer. Some of the men in camp were employed to carry ammunition to their batteries, and others were occupied at various camp duties. To all indications no one was at all alarmed about the safety of their camp from the river side. Our heavy battery, on the extreme right of our line, I observed threw their shells in direct range of the rebel gun-boats, but far beyond harm's way. Their shells fell 500 yards and more in the rear of the rebel boats. Another battery, either from the left or rebel works and camp, but all shells fell about two hundred yards beyond the works and camp into Tensas River. I further beg leave to state that, as far as I can judge from my observation, the above-mentioned work and camp could be easily surprised and taken, and with the whole left of the rebel line would fall into our hands, provided that there was a sufficient number of boats to carry the assaulting party. If once the bluff is in our hands the rebel gun-boats are unable to depress their guns sufficiently to shell the works, but from the battery on the rebel left we could easily destroy the rebel gun-boats, as they are only about half a mile from the bluff battery, below it.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS LYONS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment First Florida Cavalry.

P. S.-I have a skiff on hand which is able to carry two men, provided they are good with a paddle. This skiff carried me down to the rebel camps and back.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 20. Nashville, Tenn., April 10, 1865.

The staff of the major-general commanding comprises the following-named officers, who will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Brigadier General William D. Whipple, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, and chief of staff, Bvt. Major General J. M. Brannan, U. S. Volunteers, chief of artillery; Major southward Hoffman, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Major Robert H. Ramsey, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Henry M. Cist, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George W. Howard, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Major Oscar A. Mask, U. S. Vol-

