
of his command, regimental pioneer corps, pack trains, and two sixmule teams for each regiment, to White's Station. Regiments will be provided with sufficient camp and garrison equipage to secure their comfort. No guards will be stationed at any of the bridges or culverts between here and White's Station.

II. On Tuesday morning the First Brigade will move from White's Station to Germantown, leaving a squadron at each large bridge or culvert for guard duty.

* * * * *

V. Colonel H. Davis, commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, will on Tuesday, the 21st instant, at daylight, move the effective force of his command, regimental pioneer corps, pack trains, and two sixmule teams for each regiment, to White's Station. Regiments will be provided with sufficient camp and garrison equipage to secure their comfort. A guard consisting of one squadron will be stationed at each bridge and culvert between this point and White's Station.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel E. D. Osband:

E. J. MEYERS,

Captain, Second Wisconsin Vol. Cava., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., March 19, 1865.

Colonel J. P. C. SHANKS,

Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the Cavalry Division directs me to say that from instructions received this p. m. from the major-general commanding, your orders are so far changed as that at White's Station you will leave one of the regiments of your brigade and proceed with the construction train toward Collierville, your movements to be governed by the progress of the train in repairing the road until you reach that point. Between White's Station and Collierville you will leave one squadron at each important bridge or culvert, with orders to patrol as far as is possible from one to the other. You may expect the regiment left at White's Station to remain there for four or five days, as the Second Brigade will not march before that time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. JESSUP,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 12. March 19, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Major H. R. Putnam, aide-de-camp, is hereby announced as commandant of headquarters in the field, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

4. The regiment of colored infantry ordered from the Department of the Gulf to the District of West Florida by letter to Major-General Hurlbut dated March 14, is hereby assigned to the First Brigade of the division of colored infantry organized by paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 54, current series, from these headquarters. The Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry is hereby detached from that brigade, and will remain on duty in the District of West Florida until further orders.

