
STEVENSON, ALA., April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Company I, Second U. S. Artillery, arrived at this station at 2 o'clock this morning. Present: Captain Thomas Grey, Second Artillery; First Lieutenant W. P. Graves, Second Artillery; Second Lieutenant R. V. Monteith, Second Artillery (in arrest awaiting sentence), and sixty-nine enlisted men, armed with Springfield muskets. The company left Washington, D. C., at 7 p. m. the 2nd instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. GREY,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Company.

BLAKELY, April 10, 1865. (Received 1.30 p. m. 18th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The works around Blakely were carried by assault by Garrard's, Andrews', and Hawkins's divisions at 6 p. m. yesterday. About 2,500 prisoners were captured, including Generals Liddell, Cockrell, and Thomas. Rebel officers state there are thirty-eight pieces of artillery in the works. Our loss is considerable.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 10, 1865. (Received 1.30 p. m. 20th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

Thirty-one pieces of artillery were found in the Blakely works and thirty-seven at Spanish Fort. The prisoners at Blakely will reach 3,000, Generals Liddell, Cockrell, and Thomas included; at Spanish Fort, 583 prisoners, making a total of about 4,000, including those captured by Steele on his way from Pensacola. One gun-boat surrendered, but subsequently escaped. Our losses are severe in Garrard's, C. C. Andrews', and Hawkins' divisions.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major General H. W. Halleck.)

APRIL 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

All the batteries of heavy artillery having animals to move with have been sent to Blakely and to General Garrard's position. As some of them moved late yesterday, they doubtless are not in position yet. Ask the general if they will remain where they are, or be collected at Spanish Fort Wharf, as he ordered. If the batteries are to remain at Blakely and in front of General Garrard, please send an orderly and

