HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

Be pleased to inform the admiral that from all we can learn to-day Batteries Tracy and Huger are not evacuated. The general will reply further to the admiral's dispatch in course of the day. General Canby desires that the admiral's dispatch in course of the day. General Canby desires that the admiral, or any of his staff officers who wish to visit the front, shall be furnished with horses for that purpose.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, [April] 10, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that General Bailey and several of his staff have just started on the steamer Mustang for the Spanish Fort.

Respectfully,

P. J. CLAWSON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, [April 10, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I took the steamer Mustang and got under way about 6.30 this morning, and passed naval squadron and proceeded to Spanish Fort, where I arrived at 8.15, and there made a landing. I went within 1,500 yards of Batteries Huger, Tacy, and Eugur [sic], when the enemy opened their guns on us, firing forty-one shots. The firing was very accurate, one of their shots having hit one corner of my flag, others striking close to the boat's stern, each side of the boat, which received no injury whatever. No one was hurt, except a slight injury to one of my eyes by a fragment from one of their shots, just as I was going ashore. The shoalest water I found was six feet, having taken a different course in returning from the one I took going up. From my observations of the above-mentioned batteries I feel confident that with four 30-pounder Parrotts placed on the double-hulled barge I have at this place, with a small detail of infantry placed in life-boats and bateaux, together with three launches that the admiral consents to loan us, I can storm and silence them at once.

Respectfully,

J. BAILEY,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

Your interesting report of the expedition to Spanish Fort is received, and the promptness and singular bravery exhibited by you is highly

