HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Near Blakely, April 10, 1865.

Captain GEORGE MONROE,Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: in answer to your communication of this date in relation to prisoners captured by my command being taken from the guard by other troops, I have the honor to make the following report: A number of my men were in charge of about 300 or 400 prisoners, mostly of Missouri regiments, who has surrendered to them at an earth-work near the river. They had them formed in ranks under a guard with bayonets fized, and were piling the arms and collecting other prisoners from the vicinity, and it was fully fifteen minutes after my men had taken them in charge when an office,r supposed to have been of the One hundred and seventy-eight New York Volunteers, came up, followed by a number of men of the same command. He immediately put hi men in charge of the prisoners and marched them off. The following-named men of my regiment can be referred to as among those present at the time, viz: Sergt. Thomas B. Marshall, Company K; Sergt. Datus E. Myers, Corpl. Phineas Stewart, and Privates Clark Dill and Isaac Jackson, Company G; Sergt. James Douglas, Company B, and Privates John M. Danner, John Sharp, and George R. Spivey, Company A. Among the prisoners was Colonel Gates, of some Missouri regiment, a one-armed man, whom Sergt. Datus E. Myers delivered to the officer in charge also to report that I placed a guard over about seventy-five stand of arms and the other public property in the fort opposite the left of the Third Brigade. The names of this guard are Privates James S. Miller and Z. T. Goshorn, of Company F. Shortly afterward an officer unknown to them came and told them it was his business to take charge of the property, and ordered them to go to their regiments.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 10, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that one brigade of General Garrard's division be detached for the occupation of Fort Blakely and the guarding of all public property within it. All other troops now at that place will at once be returned to their proper commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, April 10, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General K. Garrard for his action, in compliance with the within order.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

WM. G. MEAD,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

