
I deem it more consistent with my feelings and military propriety that my report of the part taken by my division should be sent to my corps commander, under whose instructions I was acting at the time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, Tensas Post-Office, April 10, 1865-12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

By the bearer I have the honor to report I have information of form 300 to 400 rebel infantry and three pieces of artillery at Claiborne sent from Mobile to defend the place. I move with my command immediately forward, intending to reach that point by morning and surround the town, hoping to capture this force. We have taken a few prisoners and one battle-flag. The roads are good, but forage scarce. There are strong indications that troops are being sent from Mobile to Claiborne to be sent forward to Montgomery, as a number of boats have arrived at Claiborne loaded with troops and wagons within the past week.

Respectfully,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, April 11, 1865-11.30 p.m.m (Received 1.30 a. m. 12th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I send the following, just received from Huntsville, Ala., for the information of the Secretary of War. I am inclined to believe it, although as yet i have received no report direct from General Wilson:

HUNTSVILLE, April 11, 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following is just received from Colonel Horner, at Somerville:

"Men directly through from Selma report that place captured by General Wilson's forces on 2nd instant. Forrest and Roddey with their entire commands were captured. Our men dismounted and charged the entrancement and carried all before them. They also report Montgomery captured."

R. S. GRANGER,Brigadier-General.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 95. Nashville, Tenn., April 11,1 865.

* * * * *

VI. The organization by the major-general commanding the District of the Etowah of the following-named regiments int o a brigade, to be known as the First Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, is hereby confirmed: One hundred and forty-fifth Indiana Infantry, Colonel W. A. Adams; One hundred and forty-seventh Illinois

