
Infantry, Colonel H. F. Sickes; One hundred and fifty-first Illinois infantry, Colonel F. B. Woodall; One hundred and eighty-seventh Ohio Infantry, Colonel A. R. Z. Dawson.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CATOMA CREEK, April 11,1 865-6.15 p. m.

[General J. H. WILSON:]

GENERAL: General McCook has reached the above-named stream. The rebels burned the bridge this afternoon over this creek and are strongly posted on the opposite side. Their numbers we have not yet ascertained. McCook's men are skirmishing with the enemy across the creek. The party sen tout to destroy the railroad has burned the bridge over Pintlalla Creek and is moving in the direction of Montgomery. General McCook's advance at the burnt bridge is within five miles of Montgomery. The general is going to throw a body of dismounted men across the creek to-night to dislodge the rebel force on that side. There appears to be a large fire in the city, supposed to be cotton burning. We had no opposition until we reached this place. General McCook will cross this creek on the railroad bridge to-morrow morning, if it is not destroyed before then. The railroad bridge is but three miles from Montgomery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. McBURNEY,

Captain and Acting Ordnance Officer, Cavalry Corps.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Lowndesborough, Ala., April 11, 1865.

The brevet major-general has the pleasure to announce to the Cavalry Corps the evacuation of Richmond by the enemy in consequence of their lines being carried in from to Petersburg after three days' severe fighting. Jeff. Davis and his cabinet are in Danville, Va. The evacuation of Richmond commenced on Sunday evening, April 2, the day that Selma was captured.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 20. Colonel Harrison's House, April 11, 1865.

The attention of division commanders is called to orders heretofore published in regard to pillaging. The evil has increased to such an extent a to call for the most prompt and decided measures, and all officers and men are enjoined to aid in suppressing a practice dishonorable and un becoming a Christian soldiery. Hereafter no enlisted man, servant, or employed belonging to the Cavalry Corps will be allowed to enter a house under any pretense whatever, except under the direction

