
of a commissioned officer, and then only for the purpose of obtaining provisions or information. Any violation of this order may be punished by death or any other punishment that division commanders may direct. Commanding officers are ordered to use every possible effort to arrest pillagers and robbers, and provost-marshals will punish with the utmost severity. It is not the intention of this order to prevent the troops from taking provisions or forage. Every pound of provisions or forage will be taken from the inhabitants of the country passed over by the troops before a single man or animal of the command shall suffer; but all such supplies must be taken in a proper manner. This order to be read to every regiment of the command every day until it is thoroughly understood.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, April 11, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Div., Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: We are encamped eighteen miles form Montgomery to-night, but will not be able to reach the vicinity of the city until the afternoon in consequence of the bad crossing over Bri Swamp. The head of the Fourth Division may reach Montgomery by 12 m. General Wilson desires you to push the enemy as close to the city as you find it prudent with your force. General Upton marches at daylight for Montgomery, followed by the Second Division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Lowndesborough (en route), April 11, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: The brevet major-general directs that as soon as the prisoners and trains and your rear troops are across you destroy all bridges in rear. If the Fourth Division move across out of your way before the arrival of your pontoon train, you had better cross by the same road as they over Cypress Creek.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. HOSEA,

Captain, Sixteenth Infantry, and Commissary of Musters.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Colonel Harrison's House, April 11, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding Second Div., Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: General Wilson directs that you move your command to-morrow morning, as soon as you can see, toward Montgomery, fol-

