
lowing the Fourth Division. The brevet major-general desires to close in around Montgomery to-morrow afternoon. Leave the two regiments now with the train to guard it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 47. Near Lowndesborough, Ala., April 11, 1865

I. This division will continue to march toward Montgomery, moving to-morrow morning at 5.30 in the following order: First Brigade and battery, Second Brigade.

II. Hereafter brigade commanders will report to these headquarters at the termination of each day's march the situation of their respective headquarters.

By command of Brevet Major-General Upton:

JAMES W. LATTA,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EASTPORT, MISS., April 11, 1865. (Received 12th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Four steam-boats are now selling goods at any point on the river where there are no national troops. These boats are now disposing of their goods between me and Florence. I cannot stop smuggling as long as this trade is allowed.

EDW. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, April 11,1 865. (Received 12 th.)

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Captain W. A. Sutherland, assistant adjutant-general, Croxton's staff,f arrived at Decatur yesterday. He was with General Croxton when he moved on Tuscaloosa. On the way to Tuscaloosa they met jackson's division, of Forrest's command. Jackson attacked Croxton's rear guard just before daylight. Croxton, not having heard of his presence, retreated. They crossed Black Warrior above where they first proposed and went to Tuscaloosa. Captain was sent from there in direction of Columbia with detachment of sixth kentucky Cavalry; found enemy on road; had skirmish at Bridgeville. Our force having met Wirt Adams, drove him form there, and he, in hi retreat, fell back between our main force and the detachment. After starting on return to Decatur he fell in with some of Roddeys; men, who confirmed reports previously received of defeat of Forrest' at Selma, with Chalmers' division and Roddey's command. Forrest, Chalmers, and Roddey made their escape, Forrest with wound in left arm and saber cut in head. Enemy lost 1,500 prisoners and a number killed and wounded in the action, and many were drowned in the river. Captain will forward a

21 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

