
full report by the mail without delay. In capturing Tuscaloosa our forces burned public buildings, manufactories, &amp;c., and the bridge over Black Warrior. Private property respected. We lost about twenty- one killed and wounded in the streets in taking town.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, Ky., April 11,1 865.

The guerrilla Marion having sent notice to these headquarters that he has captured Dr. Montgomery Miller, assistant surgeon, and will hang him unless Metcalfe or Magruder, both now in custody awaiting trial, shall be discharged, is informed that neither Metcalfe nor Magruder will be discharged, but will be tried, and, if found guilty of acts contrary to the rules of civilized warfare, punished accordingly; and upon reliable information that Doctor Miller has been injured both will be executed at once. The above notice is given at the request of Marion that an answer to be returned through the newspapers.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

J. BATES DICKSON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

(Delivered to General Ord.)

GENERAL: The events of the last few days in my judgment ar of a nature to require the cessation of hostilities throughout the Confederate States on the part of those who command their force.s My impression is that the military commanders will adopt the same conclusion. I have prepared a telegram to General Taylor, who is in command at Mobile, acquainting him with the facts, which I request may be forwarded as rapidly as possible, if not incompatible with your views of propriety. My object is to prevent the further effusion of blood and destruction of property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL.

------

,

------

, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding at Mobile, Ala.:

The cities of Richmond and Petersburg were evacuated the 2nd instant and occupied by the armies of the United States the next day. Mr. Davis and the principal officers left Richmond before the occupation. General Lee, after several engagements, surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia the 9th instant near Farmville. The men are paroled, and the officers allowed to retain their side-arms and private property and were also paroled. Persons and property have been protected in the cities. I conversed with President Lincoln on the 3rd and 4th on the subject of peace. His indispensable conditions are, the restoration of the authority of the United States and the disbanding of the troops, and no receding on his part from his position on the slavery

