
question, as defined in his message in December and other official documents-all other questions to be settled on terms of sincere liberality. He says that to any State that will promptly accept these terms he will relinquish confiscation, except when third persons have acquired adverse interests. My counsel is to cease hostilities, and that the States convene their legislatures to take means to secure peace.

J. A. CAMPBELL.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Blakely, Ala., April 11, 1865.

Acting Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,Commanding West Gulf Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to inform you that the steamer N. P. Banks has just arrived form Pensacola., having in tow naval howitzer-boats, with their guns, &amp;. General Bailey has been directed to furnish the necessary facilities for having them sent to Blakely, and I respectfully request that you will oblige me by sending forward with them the proper officers and sailors to man them. I am informed that the second naval 100-pounder Parrott has not been yet sent ashore. Will it be possible to get it landed t-day? I am anxious to get it into position.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 11, 1865.

Admiral THATCHER:

ADMIRAL: I cannot well leave the front to-day, but am anxious to see you, and have taken the liberty of asking you to come up and dine with me, if you can spare the time. I will send an officer and escort to the landing to come up with you, if you decide to come. General Bailey will be directed to furnish horses for yourself and any officers you may desire to bring up with you. I have dispatches from Wilson. His captures at Selma will make about 4,000 prisoners, 100 guns, all the arsenals, workshops, &c.

ED. R. S. CANBY.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 11, 1865.

Admiral THATCHER:

(Care of General Bailey.)

I am very sorry to hear that your indisposition will prevent you from enjoying a horseback ride to Blakely, but if you are able to ride in an ambulance General Bailey will furnish you wit one, and I need hardly say that I shall be delighted to see you.

Very truly,E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

