
take up the line of march, the Sixteenth Army Corps to-morrow, Wednesday morning, and General Steele's command the following day. The troops will have to move as light as possible, and the trains will only carry the very necessities. Besides the prescribed number of rounds of ammunition and rations to be carried on the person, the trains will haul 100 rounds of ammunition per musket, fifteen days' uncooked rations, and five days' half rations of grain for the animals. General A. J. Smith will also order the light pontoon train to accompany his column. Boats belonging to it, and now in use, will be replaced by a heavier class under direction of Major McAlester, chief engineer. If the means of transportation of Generals Smith and Steele are insufficient, they will be completed from the trains of the cavalry and Thirteenth Army corps, and the officers in charge of these trains are required to turn over on application the most serviceable animals, retaining the weakened lighter trains for use in this vicinity. Major General Gordon Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, is ordered to relieve, in course of the day and night, all detachments now on fatigue or other duty belonging to the command ordered to march, and for that purpose Generals Smith and Steele will furnish General Granger with the necessary information. General Granger is charged with he occupation of the fortifications at Spanish Fort and Blakely, and with covering the approaches to his position. He will prepare to relieve, in course of to-morrow, Colonel Bertram's brigade (First Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps) now at Spanish Fort by troops of the First and Third Divisions. colonel Bertram will, as soon as relieved, join General Andrews' division, and be prepared to march in accordance with the above instructions.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, [April] 11, 1865.

Colonel CHRISTENSEN:

As there seems to be but little doing at the landing at present, I most respectfully ask permission to visit the front at Blakely.

J. BAILEY,Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 11, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

The commanding general thinks that your valuable services will be required more than ever when the transports now at Starke's Wharf are ordered up here, and thinks it best for you to postpone your visit till then. The order may, and we hope will, be given to-day. There is no officer in this army that General Canby will be more pleased to see than yourself.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

