
2. Orderly call will be sounded on the bugle one hour before sunset (or immediately after the troops get into camp), at which time a staff officer from each infantry division and cavalry brigade will repair to headquarters to receive the orders.

3. Division trains will follow their respective divisions. The train of general headquarters, followed by the cavalry train, will move at the head of the train of the leading division.

4. No straggling will be allowed on the march. Marauders, plunderers, and incendiaries will be severely punished.

5. Foraging parties will be organized under orders of division commanders for infantry, and brigade commanders for cavalry. No independent foraging will be permitted either on the march or while the troops are in camp. All captured animals will be turned into the quartermaster's department for issue or appraisal.

6. The discharge of fire-arms, except by order or in the line of duty, is strictly prohibited.

7. It shall be the duty of all commissioned officers to check any violation of paragraphs 4, 5, and 6, of this order that may come under his observation, to arrest the offender and turn him over to the provost-marshal with a full statement of the case. Provost-marshals will report all such cases to their respective headquarters in the form of charges against the offender.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Pensacola, Fla., March 19, 1865.

The troops of this division will march with camp and garrison equipage and rations as heretofore ordered at daylight to-morrow morning. Reveille will be sounded at 4 a. m. The Third Brigade will be in advance. The Second Brigade, in the rear, will guard the train to-morrow, and for this purpose will march in the following order: The first regiment and three companies of the second in advance of the train, seven companies of the second following the first thirty teams, the third regiment deployed as flankers, the fourth regiment as rear guard. Brigade commanders will occasionally halt for the brigade to pass them and will keep their brigades well closed up. When defiles are to be passed they will see that the head of the brigade does not move beyond the proper interval till the rear has passed. It is again repeated that it is only be special watchfulness and care that a successful march is made.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS,

Dauphin Island, Ala., March 19, 1865.

Each brigade commander will mass his brigade near the south pier by 11 a. m. this morning, without further orders. Brigade and regimental property will be collected and placed under a small guard on the ground now occupied by the brigade. Each brigade will leave a

3 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

