
NASHVILLE, April 12, 1865.

General DAVIS TILLSON:

Your dispatch received.* I have no objections to your moving in the directions you suggested in your dispatch of the 9th at the mouth of Roan Creek. Lynchburg surrendered yesterday to a lieutenant of Griffin's forces at the head of a scouting party. General Grant has ordered Mackenzie's brigade of cavalry to occupy the city and take care of the public property.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., April 12, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville:

GENERAL: I have to-day forwarded to General Whipple, chief of staff, my resignation as major-general, U. S. Volunteers. The fall of Richmond, the capture of Lee's army, and the utter prostration of the rebel powers seems to render it not a matter od duty that I should remain int eh service longer, and I beg that my resignation may be accepted. Large private interests at home, for nearly four years, have made my continuance in the service a matter of great personal sacrifice, but I have not seen the time until now when I thought it would be honorable for me to retire. Affairs in this district are now in excellent condition and I think a better feeling exists among the people than fully submit to what is inevitable. I learn that some of the county courts in the interior are being organized and there is a general disposition to restore civil government once more. By appointing an officer to succeed me of a firm, just, and conciliatory character, I am satisfied that all will continue to go well.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 95. Memphis, Tenn., April 12, 1865.

I. The Fourth Regiment Enrolled Militia, Colonel W. C. Whitney commanding, and the Third Regiment Freedmen Enrolled Militia, Colonel Henry von Heyde commanding, and the Railroad Battalion, commanded by Major Farrell, are hereby disbanded, and all ordnance and ordnance stores will be turned over to the U. S/. ordnance officer, and all quartermaster's stores to the depot quartermaster. All person s enrolled in either of the above regiments who are not Government employed or in the employ of the city government, will enroll themselves at once in one of the remaining militia regiments. Quartermasters, commissaries, and will require their employed to surrender up their militia passes and receive in place certificate that they are in the employ of the Government.

* * * * *

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

*See Part I, p. 337.

