HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, April 12, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR,Washington:

I have the honor to recommend that the President be requested not to make Mobile an open port until we are well seated in it. I will report when it can be done without embarrassment to the military service.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865. (Received 8.30 p. m. 20th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

A boat expedition of 600 men was sent last night to surprise and capture Batteries Tracy and Huger, but found them abandoned by the enemy. Granger, with 10,000 men, was thrown across the bay and now occupies Mobile, which was evacuated last night, the enemy moving up the river. The bay and Blakely River are now open, and one of our transports has jut come up to this point. The depot at Starke's Wharf will be moved up at once. A. J. Smith, with 14,000 men, moves to-morrow for Selma and Montgomery by land; Steele, with 10,000, in a day or two by water. Grierson, with 4,000 cavalry, will operate on the east of the Alabama, and Lucas, with 2,000, west of the Tombigbee. The results of our operations thus far have been greater than I have reported. They will net on the east side 4,400 prisoners, 103 pieces of artillery, and 10 flags. The reports of what was captured in Mobile have not yet been received. The gun-boats are not yet up, but will probably work through to-morrow.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant-General Grant.)
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 12, 1865.

Admiral THATCHER,Commanding West Gulf Squadron:

Smith's corps starts to-morrow for Montgomery by land. Steele will start in two or three days for the same point by water. Granger with his corps will operate on the west. I propose to establish a strong work at or near the mouth of the Tombridgbee to prevent the rebel gun-boats from interfering with our operations on the Alabama. We shall need your assistance in these operations. Will you do me the favor to advise me how soon and to what extent you can aid us, as Steele's movements will of course be continent upon your movements. I shall go over to Mobile to-morrow, and shall be very happy to have you accompany me, if it is convenient for you to do so. I will remain at Blakely until after Smith's corps gets under way. A salute of 100 guns, in honor of the victories in Virginia and our successes here, will be fired to-morrow at Spanish Fort, Blakely, and Mobile at 8 a. m.

Very truly and respectfully,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

