
they were captured, and giving the due credit to those individual officers and men who were most instrumental in securing them. Commanding officers will also report with as little delay as possible all officers and men who have distinguished themselves in the above-named engagements, and whose services are entitled to special mention and commendation.

II. Commanding officers will cause a careful search to be made within their commands for captured ordnance and ordnance stores and have the same turned over to the chief of ordnance of this army, furnishing at the same time detailed invoices of the same, and setting where and by whom they were captured. The chief of ordnance will select from these captures such arms and ammunition as may be wanted for the troops in the field, or for positions, and hold them in readiness to be turned over on the proper requisitions. All other ordnance and ordnance stores which are not so wanted or which are unserviceable will be sent to the rear, accompanied with the proper statements.

III. The chief engineer of this army will without delay cause Batteries Tracy and Huger and the fortifications at Spanish Fort and Blakely to be dismounted, and order the construction of works at the two last-named points that will sufficiently command the river and the approaches from the land side, basing his calculations on a garrison of from 300 to 400 men for each work.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 31. Near Blakely, Ala., April 12, 1865.

4. A salute of 100 guns will be fired at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning from the city of Mobile, Blakely, and Spanish Fort, in honor of the recent victories of our armies in Virginia and the capture of the city of Mobile and its dependencies.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, April 12, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY:

At what hour did General Granger get off? Please report any information of interest that you may be able to give.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, April 12, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Granger's command has not got away get yet, and it will be some time before it does. Hence I am compelled to delay moving up to

22 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

