
commissioned officer in charge and each regiment a non-commissioned officer. This property should be sent over and loaded in the wagons as fast as possible, when it is definitely ascertained where the wagons are landed. Lieutenant McKnight, aide-de-camp, is left behind and the brigade officers will learn from him from time to time what will be the best and quickest manner of getting this property up to the command. Captain Edwards, commissary of subsistence, has been directed to carry with him two days' rations for the division, to be issued after landing instead of before embarkation.

By order of General K. Garrard:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 27. Barrancas, March 19, 1865.

Captain Frank Eno, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 7, extract 2, from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, dated March 13, 1865, is hereby announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

J. WM. HAIGHT, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram of 11 a. m. [12 m.] 19th received. I presume you had not yet received my dispatch of the 18th, from Chattanooga, concerning Stoneman's expedition. I think he has already started. will forward your dispatch to him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

MOUND CITY, March 20, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army:

Please note probable day of your arrival here, that I may control interval.

S. P. LEE,

Rear-Admiral.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 20, 1865.

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Mound City:

If nothing happens I shall leave for Memphis Thursday next and will stop to see you. The time of my arrival will depend on the speed of the steamer. Will probably reach Mound City the second day after leaving Nashville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

