
ing order: First, First Division at 9 a. m.; second, Division at 10 a. m.; third, pontoniers at 11 a. m.; fourth, Third Division at 11 a. m.

* * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. In the Field, Ala., April 12, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow morning (April 13) at 9 o'clock, taking the road leading by General Canby's headquarters, in the following order: First, pioneer corps; second, First Brigade; third, Second Iowa Battery; fourth, Second Brigade; fifth, Third indiana Battery; sixth, Third Brigade; seventh, ambulance corps and division hospital; eight, division train. The above order of march will be observed form day to day until further orders, except the brigades and artillery will alternate each day. The rear brigade will be required to guard the train, and for this purpose will throw one or more regiments in rear of and [on] each flank of the train a circumstances and necessity require. Regimental and brigade commanders will see that all the existing orders published from the headquarters, relative to troops in the field and on the march, are strictly complied with.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Near Blakely, ala., April 12, 1865.

COMMANDING GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to inform you that the city of Mobile was evacuated by the enemy last evening, and is now in possession of the U. S. forces. The people of the city appear rejoiced at this change in the state of affairs. Batteries Tracy and Huger were abandoned by the enemy at 1 o'clock this morning, thus anticipating a boat expedition which was sent out from Blakely for their capture. The report of our captures at Mobile have not yet been received. Those on this side of the river amount to 4,400 prisoners, 103 pieces of artillery, 10 flags, large numbers of small-arms, and a considerable quantity of subsistence. The army is in splendid condition. The health and morale of the troops under the most trying circumstances is all that could be desired.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 21. Nashville, Tenn., April 13, 1865.

A large portion of Northern Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Western North Carolina being now within the lines of the Federal

