
Army, the major-general commanding desires to restore the authority of the civil law in the several counties of these States embraced within this department at as early a period as possible. It is accordingly recommended that all duly authorized judges, sheriffs, commissioners, justices of the peace, and other officers who may be in these counties immediately proceed to enter upon and perform the duties of their respective offices according to the laws of the State in force at the beginning of the war, as far as it may be found to be practicable. Wherever vacancies in county offices exist it is enjoined upon the loyal people of the neighborhood to hold regular elections and select officers competent to reorganize the civil courts and uphold the authority of the laws. Commanding officers of all military districts and posts are directed to protect the civil authorities as far as may be consistent with the interests of the service and to co-operate with them in restoring order. At the breaking out of the rebellion against the National Government the people of Northern Alabama and Georgia and Western North Carolina, overpowered by the tide of secession, were among the last to desert the cause of the Union, and the commanding general of this department confidently hopes that they will be among the first to return to their allegiance and to assist in the restoration of peace and the enforcement of the laws.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENVILLE, April 13, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

The rains have delayed work on the railroad so that the cars will only reach this place on Monday. From this to Jonesborough the railroad is not much injured. The telegraph is complete to Carter's Station. No enemy heard from, excepting a few bushwhackers, who are being fast killed off and scared away by Union guerrillas. No news form Stoneman. The postmaster in Knoxville opens the mail bags put up in Nashville for the Fourth Corps, which is wrong, and causes great confusion in our mails.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. Greenville, East Tenn., April 13, 1865.

The glorious success of the national arms under Lieutenant General U. S. Grant being no longer a matter of any doubt, the army under his command having killed, wounded, captured, and forced the capitulation of the entire principal army of the rebels, including their commander-in-chief, to-morrow, which is the day appointed by the War Department for the raising of the old flag over Fort Sumter, where it was first insulted and pulled down by insolent traitors, will be kept as a holiday and a day of thanksgiving in this corps. A salute of 100 guns will be fired at 12 m. under the direction of Major Goodspeed, chief of artillery. All military duty, excepting necessary police and guard duty, will be suspended. It is recommended that chaplains of regiments hold service in their respective places of worship to render thanks to Almighty God

