
for His goodness and mercy in preserving us a nation and giving us this great victory over our enemies. Let us in our thankfulness remember in tears the many brave men who have fallen at our sides in this great and terrible war. Who among us has not lost a brother, a relative, or a dear comrade? Let us reflect, and we may profit by so doing, that great national, as great personal, sin must be atoned for by great punishments.

By command of Major General D. S. Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 13, 1865-11 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

My command took possession of this place yesterday at 7 a. m., after skirmishing with rebels all the way from Selma. Buford and Adams have fled again with about 1,500 men toward Columbus. Before leaving they burnt 85,000 bales of cotton. Most of the stores and army supplies have been removed to Columbus and Macon. Everything else not of value to us has been destroyed. I shall move in the same direction early to-morrow. I had determined on this course after careful deliberation and upon conviction that I shall best accomplish what is expected of me by you and Grant. I am sure Canby will experience no serious difficulty taking Mobile, subjugating entire State, and breaking up all rebel force between Sherman and the Mississippi River. The people say he now has Mobile. The destruction of Selma and defeating of Forrest have deranged rebel plans. Fall of Richmond and defeat of Lee have deprived rebels in this section of their last hope. If I can now destroy arsenals and supplies at Columbus and divide their army in the southwest, [they] must disintegrate for lack of munitions. There is no force to resist me, and I see no reasonable ground for fearing failure. My command is in magnificent condition; every man splendidly mounted, plenty of forage and supplies of all kinds. Croxton left me at Elyton to destroy Tuscaloosa. Last I hard of him was through Forrest, who said on the 6th he was at Plantersville, thirty miles south of Columbus, Miss., and that he and Wirt Adams had had a fight, in which Croxton was beaten. I don't believe that part o the story. I am anxious, however, to have Croxton and Hatch join me as soon as possible. If I had latter here could mount him in tow or three days. Our captures up to Selma are 26 field guns, one 30-pounder Parrott, 2,500 prisoners taken in battle, the guns and stores of all kinds found in the depots, arsenals, and foundries. We got five field pieces here and some prisoners. Our passage of the Alabama was a very difficult operation, owing to high water. Forrest was between the Cahawha and Demopolis when I left Selma. I think he will follow me. Have not been ale to get a word from Canby. All I can see is he would do better to move inland and occupy Selma and Montgomery. Mobile would fall of itself. After I get Columbus and Macon I shall move on toward Southern Alabama, or act otherwise as circumstances may determine. To return to Tennessee would require a long march without any special object. Campaign in this quarter here is terminated, and everything ought to be pressed toward the Atlantic slope. General Long improving rapidly.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

