
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 21. Montgomery, Ala., April 13, 1865.

I. The Cavalry Corps will continue to march to-morrow morning in the following order: First. Brevet Major-General Upton will assume command of the Fourth Division and move toward Columbus at as early an hour in the morning as practicable, and execute the verbal instructions of the brevet major-general commanding. Second. The Second Division will follow the route of the Fourth Division at 10.30 to-morrow. Third. The trains will follow their respective divisions.

II. The officer in command of the provost-guard of Montgomery will remain with his guard to protect the city until the troops and trains have left, and will see that no stragglers remain behind. He will carry out Special Field Orders, Numbers 20.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 49. Near Montgomery, Ala., April 13, 1865.

* * * * * *

IV. The First and Fourth Divisions of the Cavalry Corps will move this morning as follows: The First Division at 4.30, toward West Point, taking the most direct route and reaching there at the end of the third day's march or morning of the fourth, securing the railroad bridge at that point and at once communicating with he balance of the command by the most direct route at Columbus. The object of the expedition is to secure the railroad bridge at West Point over the Chattahoochee River so as to insure the crossing of the entire Cavalry Corps over that stream if it be found that the bridge at Columbus is destroyed. Further instructions will be sent the First Division at West Point. If the bridge is not, it will be immediately made possible and the troops crossed over. The commanding officer of the First Division will send detachment to burn the bridge over the Tallapoosa at Tallahassee and the factory at that place. All important bridges that may be found along the line of the Montgomery and West Point Railroad will be destroyed.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Upton:

JAMES W. LATTA,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, April 13, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Fire a salute of 200 guns at meridian to-morrow, at each post in your command prepared to fire such salute, in honor of the capture of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia and of the raising of the old flag over Fort Sumter.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Send same to Colonel Gibson, commanding District of East Tennessee, Knoxville; also to General C. C. Washburn, Memphis.

W. D. W.

