HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Montgomery, Ala., April 13, 1865.

Major-General CANBY,Mobile, Ala.:

My command took possession of this place yesterday morning after slight skirmishing. Buford and Adams have fled with their forces in the direction of Columbus. Most of the stores have been moved tot that place and Macon. There are no forces in Alabama that can resist you, or even stand before my corps. You have only to move into the interior, occupy Sellma and Montgomery, and restore the State to the Union. You will find a most admirable condition of affairs; plenty of forage and provisions. Half of your forces can complete the work after Mobile is taken. My orders were to make a demonstration toward Selma and Tuscaloosa, and then to act as I might think best. Having destroyed those places and everything of value between here and the Tennessee River, and in consideration of General Grant's great victory nd the capture of Richmond, as well as of your capacity to effectually dispose of the rebels armies must fall to pieces for want of munitions. There are but few troops or resist my march. My command is in splendid condition-every man mounted, plenty of ammunition, and in splendid spirits. Forrest is between the Canawha and Demopolis, unless he has moved to follow me. I am sorry I have not been able to hear from you. I have already delayed longer than I expected in this region. In evacuating this place the rebels destroyed 85,000 bales of cotton. We have destroyed trains, stores, and everything else of value. We captured 26 field guns, one 30-pounder Parrott, and 2,600 prisoners at Selma; 5 field guns here and some prisoners. My command will march from here early to-morrow. This will be handed you by Sergeant Bailey, Fourth Michigan Cavalry. Please have him rewarded and returned as soon as you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE, April 113, 1865.

Major-General CANBY:

I suppose you to have been fully informed by General Granger of our movements here yesterday, and of the bloodless surrender of Mobile by the civil authorities. I am now clearing the obstructions in the ship channel to the city on the west side, so that our vessels may be enabled to pass up in safety. Shall place armed vessels in front of the city as soon as practicable. Monitors and Octorara preparing to come down the Tensas.

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE, April 13, 1865.

General CANBY:

They have blown up a tug operating in the Apalachee. Command me always.

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

