
terday. I reached the city in the General Banks, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, crossing up the old ship channel and passing over the obstructions. The people exhibited friendly feeling. We have found in the city more than 20,000 bales of cotton, and perhaps 30,000, as information of additional quantities is being constantly received. More than 100 pieces of ordnance, not permanently injured, and immense quantities of ordnance stores of all kinds have been taken possession of. The dry dock is uninjured. Considerable supplies of quartermaster and commissary stores remain. The citizens shortly before we arrived broke into the subsistence deports and appropriated largely to their own use. I have sent out two brigades to Whistler to take possession of railroad property over there, and will send another brigade to Spring Hill, and thoroughly scour the country. I would respectfully recommend that you confer with Admiral Thatcher to secure without delay the opening of the main channel to the city. From the knowledge obtained, no considerable difficulty will attend the work. My force is here without transportation or supplies, and it would be desirable to have them sent up as soon as possible. I can subsist it here, if necessary. Small forces of rebel cavalry are about the country.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mobile, Ala., April 13, 1865.

To the TRADESMEN AND MERCHANTS OF MOBILE:

All stores, shops, and other places of business will be opened and the legitimate business of the city resumed without delay, under such instructions as the military authorities may from time to time find it necessary to impose.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Starke's Landing (Mobile Bay), April 13, 1865.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: I feel that I ought to send you a few lines about our splendid success on Sunday, the 9th instant, in carrying the enemy's works in front of Blakely Landing, but I am oppressed with the thought that I have not the time to write, nor you the time to read, a full and faithful report of what was done. Sometime, however, I hope you will learn what my division has done; not that I now have any idea that anybody will try to depreciate what wa stone but it is not easy for those who have not seen it really to appreciate it. Hawkins' division those who have not seen it really to appreciate it. Hawkins' division of colored troops was on my right, and they fought nobly. I had seen these men and their officers during the week before the assault, and am a witness to their valor. In the assault, on my left was one brigade of Veatch's division, and next Garrard's division of the Sixteenth Corps. The investment of Blakely was first commenced by Hawkins' division of colored troops, and two brigades of my division, on the 2nd of

