
steam boat of troops had been seen to leave that day. The enemy's artillery fire was much lighter then usual, which seemed to confirm the report; and the fact that his sharpshooters appeared as numerous and active, was not thought inconsistent with the supposed movement. After doing so much work I felt exceedingly reluctant to have the enemy steal off in that way. At 3 o'clock, therefore, on that day I send one of my aides-de amp to ask General Steele if I could not advance my skirmishers so as to develop the enemy. He returned with word to do so. General Steele was then on his way to General Hawkins' headquarters. The through occurred to me that I would support my skirmishers so that they would probably carry the enemy's works, and I then hurried my aide away to General hawkins to see if he would advance, and to have a time fixed upon; and I particularly requested that it would be as soon as possible, so that we might have enough daylight. My aide returned at a little before 5, and informed me that 5.30 o'clock was the time fixed upon. I then hastened the arrangements, and went down into my advanced rifle-pit to direct the charge. I have already sent a copy of my report to the War Department, which I shall be glad to have you read.* My men had to charge over 500 or 600 yards of grounds cover with such obstructions as I have mentioned. A more picturesque, heroic, and triumphant assault I never have read of. My troops had fairly earned their success. They carried in about twenty-five minutes three-quarters of a mile of the enemy's works, including their redoubts-what indeed was opposite their front-captured 1,300 prisoners, including a general commanding a division, and twelve guns. General Steele was with me in the advance. He has acted nobly throughout. I rejoice with you in the great and general success, which makes the little we have done seem a trifle, and which, I trust, will soon put a glorious period to the national struggle.

Your friend,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-General Granger crossed over from here with two divisions yesterday, and entered Mobile unopposed with three regiments at noon.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Montgomery Hill Landing, Ala., April 13, 1865-12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to inform the general commanding that agreeably to instructions I have collected all the flat-boats that can be found on the river for forty miles, twelve in number. They will carry all together between 2,000 and 3,000 men. I am now collecting cattle at this point. Two men who were brought in this morning inform me that Mobile was being evacuated on Monday' that a large number of steamers and several gun-boats have gone up the Mibile River. They report that the enemy intend making a stand at Oven Bluff, on that river. The boats reported as having gone up the river went up yesterday. I am now awaiting orders from the general commanding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 201.

---------------

