
train. Nearly 800 men of my division were detailed away last night. Regiment on picket is ordered to move at daylight to join division.

Very respectfully,

E. UPTON.

If you do not hear from en you may assume that all is right.

CHATTANOOGA, April 14, 1865-10 p. m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Brigadier-General Judah is here and makes the following report: Brigadier-General Wofford, C. S. Army, came to my lines at Dalton to-day under flag of truce, and sent in a letter soliciting a personal interview for the purpose of obtaining consent to pass the grain wagons of the State of Georgia to such places near and in my lines as will enable Governor Brown to distribute the corn appropriated by the Legislature of the State to the northern counties. I had an interview of over two hours with General Wofford, in which he asserts hi determination to force all guerrillas and independent organizations to Calhoun, where he is to establish his headquarters as soon as he can go to Atlanta and return there. I glean that he is acting in full concert with Governor Brown. he is said to ignore Confederate in favor of State authority. He requests me to tell all Union refugee families to return to their homes at the expiration of ten days and he will protect them, requesting me to send out no scouting parties for that period. he told me privately that steps were being taken to bring Georgia back into the Union. From the concurrent testimony of deserters, Wofford's force is from 1,600 to 1,700 strong, mostly furloughed men. Pleased telegraph me instructions in the matter. General Judah is satisfied of General Wofford's sincerity.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Numbers 89. Nashville, Tenn., April 14, 1865.

* * *

III. Stevenson, Ala., having been assigned to the District of Northern Alabama, the troops composing the garrison will hereafter be reported through Brigadier General R. S. Granger, commanding that district.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,

Louisville, Ky., April 14, 1865.

Byt. Major General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your brother informs me that you prepared a dispatch for me on yesterday in reference to the offer of Webster of Jessee to Surrender. I did not receive your dispatch, which I much regret. Thanking you for your attention to the matter, I now have to ask that

