
you will represent me in any negotiations with these men, and present as the indispensable basis of action the following conditions: First. The absolute submission of all officers and men to the authority of the Government. I do not desire any neutrals here. These men can leave the department if they choose without my consent, or they can surrender, take the proper oath, and remain as friends; not otherwise. Second. Each individual officer and soldier must make a personal surrender. I do not recognize Colonel Jessee or any other pretended military officer as having authority to speak for any other person. Third. Each must surrender his arms and horses. I am not willing that these men should go abroad in the department with their belts full of pistols to overawe the unarmed and defenseless people of the State. Fourth. No man will be allowed to surrender who has been guilty of crime against the rules of civilized warfare. Persons charged with such offenses may surrender to answer such charges and they will be heard before a commission. The general idea that I wish to express, and will embody in orders as soon as I can issue them, is that the people of Kentucky must hereafter be unreservedly for the Government. All others must leave the State.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. PLAMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 14, 1865.

Captain MOSES WEBSTER, C. S. Army;

Your proposition to surrender yourself and command has been submitted to Major-General Palmer, and in the meantime you are assured that you will not molested until there is decision in the matter. If you prefer to come into Lexington or to meet some officer, you will be allowed to do so such time as you may think proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 43. Memphis, Tenn., April 14, 1865.

Any military restrictions heretofore existing in this district in regard to dealing in gold are hereby removed, and the same is subject solely to the orders and regulations of the Treasury Department.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Mobile, Ala., April 14, 1865. (Received 22nd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

We find in Mobile and its defenses on the west side of the bay over 150 guns and a very large amount of ammunition and supplies of all

