
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] APRIL 14, 1865.

Peter McGoven private in Withers' artillery, West Point, Ga., deserted on the 1st instant; saw three regiments of cavalry (Forrest's command) between Greenville and Montgomery. Heard of fighting at Benton, on the Alabama River above Selma, with our troops at Selma. Trains are again running down to Evergreen, the damage done by the Federals having been repaired. Trains are running regularly every day from Opelika to Atlanta; also saw transportation ordered from Opelika via Columbus to Macon.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] APRIL 14, 1865.

L. C. Gay, deserter from the First Florida (rebel) Infantry, left his home in Conecuh County, Ala., three days ago. It was reported that the rebels were collecting at Montgomery Hill, and guarding the line from that point to Evergreen. G. W. Moreland, deserter from Camp Watts, Macon County, Ala., reports the same information, with the addition that General Forrest's cavalry command is already there.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 15, 1865.

President A. JOHNSON,

Washington, D. C.:

With profound sorrow for the calamity which has befallen the nation, permit me to tender to you as President of the United States assurances of my profound esteem and hearty support.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 15, 1865. (Received 3.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The news of the assassination of the President and Secretary of State was received here just before the ceremonies in commemoration of the fall of Richmond and the surrender of Lee's army were about to commence. The whole community, military and civic, is profoundly affected at this terrible national calamity. The flags displayed at the different military offices have been draped in mourning, and minute guns will be fired until sundown.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., April 15, 1865.

(Received 12 m.)

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

The people of Indiana have full confidence in your integrity, patriotism, and ability, and will rally around your administration with all their strength. Whatever influence or aid it may be able to exert I pledge in support of your administration.

O. P. MORTON.

