
is as reticent as a mole, though full of kindness and good feeling. He placed me under Steedman, you know, at the battle of Nashville. I met Steedman at Chattanooga, and he said to me he had delayed making his official report till he had received mine, but as I sent none he had rendered it at last. I told him I did not suppose he expected a report or I should have got one up, as I was under his command, though not under fire. Last night General Thomas read me Steedman's report, and he speaks in very complimentary terms of the division of quartermaster's forces, and says all that I could desire.* this is gratifying, as showing the good feeling animating both General Thomas and General Steedman toward the department. I believe I have written you an unreasonable, gossipy letter, and will stop. I go with General Thomas on Thursday, 24th [23rd] instant, to Memphis and thence to Eastport.

Very truly, your friend,

J. L. DONALDSON.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,New Market, East Tenn., March 20, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

Just before leaving Huntsville I made an application by telegraph to have Brigadier General C. C. Doolittle assigned to the Fourth Army Corps; also to have the Eighteenth Michigan Infantry transferred to this corps. I intended to have spoken to Major-General Thomas upon the subject, but my interview at Chattanooga with him was so brief that I omitted mentioning it. General Doolittle is anxious to command in the Fourth Corps, and I will give him the best brigade at my disposal. He is also desirous to have his own regiment (the Eighteenth Michigan) in his command, and informs me that it is the dearest wish of the officers and men to get into an active campaign, and they think they can reasonably ask this as a favor from the major-general commanding from their long-continued service as railroad and provost guards. I promised to make this application both for General Doolittle and his regiment, and if consistent with the good of the service, I would be very much pleased could the request be granted.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,New Market, East Tenn., March 20, 1865.

A. A. TALMADGE:

Have all of the transportation for the First Division, of Fourth Corps, which is at Strawberry Plains, unload at Knoxville. Send the transportation of the Third Division to New Market with the artillery and its transportation.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See vol. XLV, Part I, p. 508.

---------------

