SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Numbers 90. Nashville, Tenn., April 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Cleveland, Eighth Tennessee Mounted Infantry, will proceed to Carthage with that portion of his regiment now at Nashville and take post at that place. Colonel Cleveland will report by letter to Colonel Gilfillan, commanding Fourth Sub-District of Middle Tennessee. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 23. Louisville, Ky., April 15, 1865.

A telegram announces that President Lincoln was assassinated last night. The purest man of the age has fallen, and the whole nation, which was rejoicing over the prospects of speedy peace, is mourning. Let the people of Kentucky disappoint the miscreants who would involve them in bloodshed and strife by conducting themselves with calmness and moderation. Avoid all head conversations and imprudent expressions. Let all unite in every means for preserving order. The wicked need not rejoice nor the patriotic deponed. The Government will still go on, and as great as the calamity is, the country will accomplish its high destiny.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 15, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

In accordance with your instructions, I have relieved General Comstock, who will return to you at once. He will be able to explain to you many things about which I have not written, and which cannot very well be explained in writing. I am not able yet to give you the exact results of our late operations, as the detailed reports have not yet been received, and it will take some time to get complete inventories of the captured property. The artillery will exceed 300 pieces of all classes, a very large proportion news guns, and in excellent condition. The number of prisoners, including the wounded, will reach 5,000, and from 800 to 1,200 deserters remained in the city when it was abandoned. The captured cotton will be sent to new york, consigned to the quartermaster, to be disposed of as the Secretary of War may direct. I am under many obligations to General Comstock for his active and efficient assistance, and will render suitable acknowledgment in my official report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See part I, p. 100.

---------------

