HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 15, 1865.

Statement of Mr. hugh McKeene, steam-boat mate.

Left Montgomery April 8; waked through Greenville, Evergreen to Claiborne; there took skiff and reached Mobile Tuesday evening, the 11th instant. Road from Montgomery to Greenville good. Traveled partly on railroad. From Greenville to Evergreen walked on railroad. The county road crosses railroad in several placeds. Wherever seen it was dray and good. From Evergreen to Sparta, five miles, continued on railroad. At Sparta took county road to claiborne; road good except at once creek six or seven miles from Sparta; whatever had overflowed it. Was at Claiborne 10th instant. Three hundred of the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry were at Claiborne; came on the 9th instant; were expecting more of the regiment to join them. Colonel Henry Maury was reported to be in Mobile wounded by a fall and kick from his horse; a major commanded. Heard that Forrest's command was between Demopolis and Selma-8,000 men. Heard that 4,000 Federals remained in Selma; position of the balance unknown. In Montgomery saw two regiments State Reserves, Third and Fourth Alabama, 700 men; Seventh Alabama Cavalry, 300 men, and two battalions light artillery, with guns but no horses; Captain Jenks' battery, six guns; Poine Coupee Battery, guns unknown. Saw about thirty pieces of heavy and light artillery at Montgomery. One gun and one caisson of Winston's battery came with Thrid Alabama Reserves. All rolling-stock, bank property, and machinery, quartermaster's tore sand commissary stores have been removed to Columbus, Ga., Two passenger trains run daily from Montgomery to Claiborne, besides the freight trains. No guns upon the fortifications at Montgomery. Maruy's cavalry were stopping at Claiborne for forage, &amp;c. Had heard nothing of Union cavalry in that vicinity.

S. M. EATON,

Captain, Chief Signal Officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 22. Mobile, Ala., April 15, 1865.

The headquarters offices of this army have been establish at the custom-house in this city. The orderly hours for the staff and other officers having business with the commanding general will be from 9 to 11 o'clock, and for citizens from 11 to 1 o'clock; office hours from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m., but bearers of dispatches and other persons having business of importance will be attended to at any hour upon reporting to the orderly officer on duty. The same rules will apply to the principal officers connected with the movement and supply of the army, in order that business of importance may be attended to at any hour, night or day.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

