
first U. S. Colored Infantry is hereby relieved from duty in this district, and will proceed at once, via Fort Gaines and Starke's landing, to Blakely Ala. All surplus baggage, tents, and transportation not authorized by General Ordes, Numbers 22, from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, will be turned over to the district quartermaster. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation, and the entire regiment will, if possible, be placed on board the steamer N. P. Banks, sent here for that purpose.

2. In compliance with special instructions from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, dated April 4, received this day, the detachment of the Second Illinois Cavalry, First Louisiana Cavalry, and the Thirty-first Massachusetts (mounted) Infantry, in this district, will proceed, as soon as transportation can be furnished, via Fort Gaines and Starke's Landing, to join the cavalry brigade of General Lucas, now with the army operating in the vicinity of Mobile. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Shield's Mills, East Tenn., April 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourth Army Corps:

Your order ot send the teams to assist Tillson is obeyed. Major Cox has returned with the Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry. Went to Allen's Bridge, found nothing, but has reliable information that from 200 to 300 guerrillas have their camp and place of rendezvous at Newport, on the French road, about twenty miles from here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Blue Springs, Tenn., April 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Corps, Greeneville, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with the dispatch from the major-general commanding, dated the 15th, I sent the Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Major MacArthur commanding, accompanied by a sergeant and twelve men of the Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, familiar with the country and people, to Johnston's and Allen's Bridge, over the Chucky. The major has reported that vie guerrillas of Tuly's band, from Hamilton, Cocke County, Tenn., were at the bridge on Friday last. The party is said to be camped at or near Hamilton, and to number from 100 to 200. Johnston's two sons are said to belong to the band. One of them an officer. Johnston and Allen are represented to be rich rebels. The scout was not successful.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

