HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,Ten Miles from Columbus, April 16, 1865-6.50 p. m.

Major BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have halted here to feed and groom horses. If the general wishes me to move forward to-night please send me word; otherwise I will remain where I am to-night and will march at 4.30 in the morning. They call it forty miles from to Tuskegee; a pretty on march. If you send an orderly to me let me have the news.

Yours, respectfully,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel.

WEST POINT GA., April 16, 1865.

Major-General UPTON,

Commanding 1st and 4th Divs., Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: We have just taken Fort Tyler by assault, capturing garrison (200 men) and armament. My command is now crossing the river on the wagon bridge. The resistance was stubborn and our loss severe. The rebel General Tyler was killed. We have destroyed the railroad to this point and captured 13 engines and 150 cars, with a considerable quantity of corn and other stores. Please send orders.

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 6TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 51. Pulaski, Tenn., April 16, 1865.

In honor to the memory of Abraham Lincoln, sixteenth President of the United States, of whose death official notice has been received, the general commanding directs that on to-morrow all drills and other duties except those which are indispensable, such as picket and interior guard, be suspended throughout this command; that religious services be held in every regiment having a chaplain; that the public offices, all stores, shops and other places of business and amusement at this post be closed, and that the day be scarcely observed, both by citizens and soldiers, in a manner becoming the mournful occasion. The provost-marshal and the officer of the day for the post are enjoined to see that this order is duly observed. This order to bread at the head of every regiment and detached company in the command at the dress parade of this day.

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 22. Knoxville, Tenn., April 10, 1865.

Seni-official information having been received at these headquarters of the surrender of Lee and his army to Lieutenant-General Grant,it is hereby ordered that a salute of thirty-six guns be fired from each fort and battery in this district.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

