
TAYLORSVILLE, April 16, 1865.

(Via Jonesborough 17th.)

Colonel GIBSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of East Tennessee:

I have received the message you sent me by Lieutenant Brown, with reference to the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry. Unless you hear from Generals Stoneman or Thomas and get other instructions, you had better send the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry to report to me at Boone, N. C. Tell Colonel Parsons he will have to rely upon the railroad as far as it may be completed at the time for supplies; that he will be able to find some forage near Elizabethtown; that from there he must take the best route he can find by in quire to get to Taylorsville and find forage on the way-he will not find forage at Taylorsville-but must move out toward Jefferson into the New River Valley, where he will find forage, and thence to Boone. He can find no supplies on the North Carolina pike along the Watauga River, but may come that way if he can take sufficient supplies from the railroad to reach ten or fifteen miles beyond Boone.

DAVID TILLSON,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., April 16, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts had the good fortune this morning about 3 o'clock to capture six guerrillas. I will forward them in a few days.

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Major, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 23. Mobile, Ala., April 16, 1865.

Under the orders of the Secretary of War, and in honor of the surrender of General Lee and the Army of Northern Virginia to the forces of the United States, under the command of Lieutenant-General Grant, a salute of 200 guns will be fired at noon to-morrow, the 17th instant. Major-General Granger, commanding the Thirteenth Army Corps, will select four batteries from his corps (each battery to fire fifty guns) to fire the salute, and designate some point on the river front of the city from which it will be fired. Major-General Steele, commanding the forces east of Mobile Bay, will order a salute of 200 guns (100 at Spanish Fort and 100 at Blakely, commencing at Spanigh Fort), and will designate the batteries. Major General A. J. Smith, commanding the Sixteenth Army Corps, will cause a salute of 200 guns to be fired at meridian of the day next succeeding the receipt of this order. If on the march at the time, the salute will be fired after reaching camp. Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith, commanding the District of South Alabama, will cause a salute of 200 guns, 100 at Fort Morgan and 100 at Fort Gaines, to be fired at noon of the day next succeeding the receipt of this order. If it has not already been done, the commanders of the Departments of the Gulf and the Mississippi and of the Districts of Key West and Florida will order a like salute to be fired at the principal posts within the limits of their commands.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

