
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 35. Mobile, Ala., April 16, 1865.

* * *

2. The order heretofore given to Brigadier General T. J. Lucas to return with his command to Blakely, is hereby so far amended as to require him to join the division of Brevet Major-General Crierson and form a part of his column in the ensuing campaign.

3. Brigadier General J. R. West will concentrate his brigade at this point and immediately prepare for a campaign on the west side of the Alabama and Tombigbee Rivers.

4. The commands of Major General F. Steele, Major General A. J. Smith, and Byt. Major General B. H. Grierson, being destined for immediate co-operative and combined movement's, the command of all forces whenever the junction is made will devolve on Major General F. Steele by reason of seniority of rank.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. In the Field, Ala., April 16, 1865.

In order to insure compliance with General Field Orders, Numbers 8, current series, from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, and for the better discipline and efficiency of the command, it is hereby ordered that no details be made to gather subsistence stores, except from these headquarters. Forage or the animals may be procured by a proper detail from each division, to be made by division commanders. An officer and sufficient guard must accompany each detail, who will be held personally responsible that the men of his party commit no outrages or depredations upon the persons or property of the inhabitants, whether they be loyal or disloyal. Straggling must be stopped. Each company commander will call the roll of his company in the morning before starting and on arriving in camp at night, and any man absent from either roll-call without proper authority shall have stopped against him on the next muster and pay rolls, by the company commander, $5 for each offense. No enlisted man shall be allowed to enter a dwelling or out-house, unless he does so under orders. Provost guards are authorized to arrest any soldier absent from his company, or at either dwelling or out-house without orders, and report him under guard to the commanding officer of his company as a straggler to be punished as if absent from roll-call. All officers are hereby enjoined to use every effort to suppress straggling, unauthorized foraging, marauding or pillaging.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

24 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

