
the river in a flat we sent them and fell into our hands. My rations are exhausted and we are subsisting entirely upon the country, which affords but little besides corn. I have 4 Confederate officers and 78 men prisoners of war, and about 250 negroes who have come inside of our lines. I have information through scouts and others, which I believe reliable, that General Buford (rebel) is concentrating all the mounted troops in the State at Greenville, forty-two miles from here,and that he rebels are constructing a bun boat at the salt-works on the Tombigbee, ten miles from Choctaw Bluffs,and that they have a fort garrisoned near Choctaw Bluffs, and that they are collecting all the flats and boats they can find for the purpose of constructing a pontoon across the river, and have not yet been able to learn whether this bridge has been built or not. It is my purpose to fall back from this position to-morrow morning and continue on the road I came-the other affords no supplies-until I receive further instructions. The width of Alabama River at this point is 250 yards, the bank on this side high bluff, and on the other low. The roads on the opposite [side] are barely passable. There are 500 bales of cotton stored here belonging mostly to the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 1. Blakely, Ala., April 16, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe, having in the presence of the general commanding threatened to resign upon the eve of important movements, in consequence of his command being unavoidably reduced to a brigade, and having in a very decided manner expressed dissatisfaction, and having gone in person with complaints over the head of the commanding general to headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, is hereby relieved from command of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, and will report for orders to Major General E. R. S. Canby.

* * *

By order of Byt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 24. Louisville, Ky., April 16, 1865.

I. The camp of rendezvous at Henderson, Ky., is hereby broken up, and Lieutenant Colonel John Glenn relieved from duty as camp commandant.

II. A camp of rendezvous is hereby re-established at Henderson, Ky., and Colonel James N. McArthur, Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, announced as commandant.

III. Colonel James N. McArthur is hereby detached from his regiment, and will proceed without delay to Henderson, Ky., and assume command of the post and camp of rendezvous at that place.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

