
major-general commanding the department, not, as is believed, from love of their country or repentance for their past recreancy; it is hereby-

Ordered, That all amnesty oaths administered to any person or persons not bona fide deserters from the rank and file of the rebel army, and with the consent of the major-general commanding, no matter where or by whom administered, since the 15th of December last, are hereby revoked and pronounced null and void, and hereafter no amnesty oath administered to persons coming to or living within this department will be regarded or considered valid, unless taken with the knowledge and consent of the commanding general of the same.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 17, 1865.

Major-General STANLEY,

Greeneville:

Immediately upon receipt of this take measures to bring your corps to this place by rail, shipping one brigade at a time. Do not have the men crowded on the cars, and take proper precautions to prevent depredations along the route at the different depots. The necessary instructions will be given to General Tillson to post him troops so as to put down guerrillas and preserve order in East Tennessee. his troops will relieve yours. Use dispatch, but do not hurry. We have Selma with all its arsenals and military workshops. Canby has also taken Mobile, according to report.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, April 17, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch received. The troops will be marched to Rogersville Junction to take the cars. if the roads improve, I will march the artillery trains to Knoxville and time may be gained possibly by marching of the troops here.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 17, 1865-9 a. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Selma, Ala.:

Your telegram of the 4th, 10 a. m., was received last night and forwarded immediately to Washington. Please accent my cordial thanks and hearty congratulations for your success and that of your officers and men. Your work is not only important in itself, but, in connection with what has already been done in Virginia and North Carolina, must soon bring the rebels to terms. I heard of your success by rumor as early as the 4th instant, but nothing official received by me before last

