
night. I wish you to send the following to Lieutenant-General Taylor, commanding Confederate forces in Alabama and Mississippi:

GENERAL: With the view of restoring peace, I have the honor to propose to you that you surrender that portion of your command which occupied Selma, Ala., when taken by the U. S. forces under Major General J. H. Wilson, together with all other troops of your command now operating in Middle and Northern Alabama and Mississippi, upon the following terms, under which General Lee surrendered to General Grant: The time and place to be agreed upon and fixed by yourself and General Wilson, who is named by me to receive the surrender. Rolls of all the men and officers to be made in duplicate; one copy to be given to an officer to be designated by General Wilson, the other to be retained by such Confederate officer as you may designate. The officers to give their individual parole not to take up arms against the Government of the United States until properly exchanged, and each company, battalion, or regimental commander to sign a line parole for the men under his command. The arms, artillery, and public property to be stacked and parked and turned over to the officer to be designated by General Wilson to receive them. This will not embrace sid-arms of the officers nor their private horses or baggage. This done, each officer and man will be allowed to return to his home, not to be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as they preserve their parole and laws which were in force previous to January 1, 1861, where they may reside.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

I wish you to operate with you force so as to facilitate General Canby's operations around Mobile and his advance into the interior. As soon as he can relieve you of the charge of the public property in Selma, I wish you to hold your command in readiness to move in any other direction that may be required. I will send you a duplicate of this via Mobile, which I understand is taken.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, GA., April 17, 1865.

Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

If you succeed in crossing the river instead of moving to Butler, as before ordered, you will move from La Grange to Greenville, crossing Flint River between the shoals and Woodbury or Flat Shoals and Texas; between these points will probably be the best crossing. You will then move toward Barnesville and from thence to Macon by the best and most direct route, communicating with the main column, which will move on the Columbus and Macon road. It is the desire of General Wilson that my division assault Macon first, and I will be in advance on the main road, so that you may communicate with me. I hope you will use every effort to make time, as you have farther to march than the rest.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 51. Columbus, Ga., April 17, 1865.

This division will move to-morrow morning at 8.30 in the following order: Second Brigade and battery, First Brigade. The pack trains will follow in rear of their respective brigades.

By command of Brevet Major-General Upton:

JAMES W. LATTA,Assistant Adjutant-General.

