
U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters; Captain G. H. Knecland, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, provost-marshal; Captain Joseph A. Goddard, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain W. E. Brown, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; Major W. McBurney, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry,ordnance officer; Captain W. W. Van Antwerp, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Captain M. M. Pool, Illinois Volunteers, acting adie-de-camp; First Lieutenant W. T. Okie, assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, medical inspector; First Lieutenant H. E. Noyes, Second U. S. Cavalry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant T. B. Prather, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant E. G. Roys, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp and chief of scouts; Captain H. S. Heywood, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, engineer officer; Captain S. J. Dangler, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, chief of ambulances.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 55. Chickasaw, Ala., March 20, 1865.

* * * * *

III. Major M. H. Williams, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, is hereby detailed as acting assistant inspector-general, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and will report at once to the brevet major-general commanding for duty.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Chickasaw, March 20, 1865.

The Cavalry Corps will march at 5.30 a. m. to-morrow, March 21, in the following order: First. The First Division, Brigadier-General McCook commanding, on the right of the road running nearest Bear Creek to Buzzard Roost, and thence by the most practicable route to Russellville. Second. The Second Division, Brigadier General Eli Long commanding, in the center by the road through his camp to Cherokee Station, thence by the best road that can be found to Russellville. Third. The Fourth Division on the left by the most direct route to Barton's Station, and thence by the Newport road toward Russellville, passing by Throckmorton's Mill and the Crooked Oak Cross-Road, unless and equally good road can be found still farther to eastward between the Newport and Tuscumbia roads. In the latter case it may keep entirely to the left of Russellville, and direct its march on Newport or Kinclock, this direction to be preferred. It is possible that only one practicable wagon road can be found across the mountains, in which case the trains will pass in the order of their arrival at it. Division commanders will take every means to inform themselves of the country, the practicable roads in the direction of the march, and

