
HUNTSVILLE. (Received April 17, 1865.)

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The feeling of the people here at the assassination of President Lincoln is intense beyond description. Union men who before were in favor of dealing with leniency toward these who sympathized with the South, and would not take the oath of allegiance, now request that all who will not take the oath should leave our lines. It appears to me in present prostrated condition of Southern Confederacy no one at least within out lines should be permitted to regard it as an established government and be required to give their full support to the Government of the United States. If the general commanding department desires it, I will publish an order requiring every one to take the oath of allegiance or to move without our lines.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DALTON, April 17, 1865.

Major S. B. ESTABLISHED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have prepared for transmission to General Wofford, C. S. Army, wherever he may be, the following communication, which I propose to send to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock. Will the general commanding please communicate by telegraph any additions or alterations he may desire me to make therein:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND SEPARATE DIVISION, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Dalton, Ga., April 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOFFORD, C. S. Army,

Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you your proposition for the introduction of the corn ordered for delivery to citizens of the counties of Northern Georgia by its Legislature, within, through, or near my lines is acceded to with the following qualifications: No guard other than that usual with a flag of truce will be permitted to accompany the trains. if any is necessary I will furnish it. As mutually agreed upon, I will send out from this post no expedition or hostile command until the 24th instant, unless you should decide not to comply with the requirements of my superiors, which i convey to you in the following terms, viz: You are requested not to cross the Etowah River or beyond Kingston with your headquarters or the main body of your command without first communicating to me the fact of your arrival at that point and awaiting such reply as my superior officers may transmit. Should you decide to cross the Etowah river and advance beyond Kingston with your headquarters and the main body of your forces in disregard of the request contained in the quotation embraced in the preceding paragraph, I rely upon you to acquaint in the quotation embraced in the preceding paragraph, I rely upon you to quaint me therewith, and after such notification I shall feel myself at liberty to regard your movement as aggressive in character and resist it accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 17, 1865.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

Telegram just received reports Mobile captured. Spanish Fort taken at 1.30 a. m. of the 9th instant, with 700 prisoners. Later in the day

