SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 46. Louisville, Ky., April 17, 1865.

* * *

11. Byt. Brigadier General L. D. Watkins is assigned to the command of the post of Louisville, Ky., vice Colonel Daniel J. Dill, Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry, hereby relieved.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

E. BM. HARLAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, April 17, 1865.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Headquarters, Louisville:

Captain Penn, under my orders, moved from Lebanon on Friday, with instructions to kill and capture Marion and his guerrilla band. Dispatches just received from Lebanon say that Marion was killed on yesterday.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., April 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: On the 12th instant, I sent forward to you my resignation as major-general, to take effect on the 1st day of May. The citizens here, without distinction, have signed a request to me to withdrawn my resignation and the desire seems very general that I should not leave them at this time. In obedience to that wish and in view of recent events, I beg to request that my resignation may be withheld for a short time, say until the 1st day of June, unless developments in the meantime enable me sooner to retire. The news of the assassination of the President was received here yesterday morning and cast the deepest gloom over the entire community. A meeting of the old citizens, many of them Southern sympathizers, was at once called and was very largely attended and appropriate resolutions passed. The entire city is draped in mourning and the most loyal citizens in the Union could not give greater evidence of regret. All business is suspended here to-day, pursuant to the action taken by the meeting yesterday.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 17, 1865-1.30 p. m.

(Received 25th. Via Cairo and New York.)

Major-General CANBY,

Mobile, Ala.:

I feel certain that you now have Mobile. If so, you have a large force that will no longer be required where it is. Commence operations immediately with all the force you can spare against Galveston, Tex., unless the force in Louisiana and Texas surrender, as Johnston's probably has done. A large force will start from Southwest Arkansas-

