
about the 1st of June to invade the State of Texas and wind up the war in that quarter. You movement against Galveston will be co-operative.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 17, 1865-4.25 p. m.

Major-General CANBY, Mobile:

Your dispatch of the 9th is received. General Granta authorizes you to make the same terms with the enemy as those given by him to General Lee's army. It, however, is to be understood that no one will be permitted to return to their former homes in the loyal States without a special permission in each case.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 17, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I learn to-day that you have taken Mobile. Please accent my congratulations. General Wilson took Selma by assault on the 2nd, capturing upward of 2,000 prisoners and as many more in hospitals. The arsenals and other store-houses, workshops, &amp;c., with their contents captured intact. If you can send a garrison to Selma I would be much obliged to you to do so, as it would enable me to hold General Wilson's force in readiness to act in any direction that it might be used to the greatest advantage.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, GA., April 17, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Mobile:

My forces captured this place by a most gallant attack 10 o'clock last night, losing 25 men killed and wounded, and captured about 1,500 prisoners, 24 field guns, and 1 gun-boat carrying six 7-inch rifled pieces. General cobb and 600 [of his] force escaped in the dark. Major-General Upton and Brigadier-General Winslow deserve highest commendation for their personal intrepidity and good management. General Winslow is burning navy-yard, foundries, arsenals, factories, armory, railroad stock, depots,and cotton warehouses to-day. The value in Confederate currency of property destroyed cannot be estimated. Part of my corps is now moving eastward, and everything will follow in the morning. I anticipate no great difficulty. My command is in magnificent condition. I have just received dispatch from La Grange, commanding Second Brigade, McCook's division. He captured West Point, and fortifications defending it, by assault at 2 prisoners, all the guns, 15 engines, 200 cars, and large quantities supplies. Please communicate this to Generals Thomas and Grant and direct quartermaster's department [to] reward bearer.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

