
OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER, ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Mobile, April 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend that the following garrisons be immediately assigned for the defense of this position, in order that they may furnish fatigue parties: Redoubts Nos. 15 and 16 (interior rebel line) covering northerly approaches and depot magazine Numbers 1 (rebel), 1,000; proposed fort near junction of Broad and Congress streets, 3,000; proposed fort at junction of Warren and New York streets, covering southerly approaches and depot magazine Numbers 2 (rebel), 1,000; Batteries Pinton and Spanish (McIntosh) and small battery in immediate vicinity of them, Company G, First Michigan Light Artillery, now here without guns (recommendation of General Totten), 104. Total, 5,104.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. McALESTER,

Brevet Major and Chief Engineer.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, April 17, 1865.

Approved and respectfully referred to the commanding general, Thirteenth Army Corps, who will designate the troops for these garrisons.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 36. Mobile, Ala, April 17, 1865.

1. Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers, being incapacitated for field service in consequence of disability, is hereby relieved from duty with the Sixteenth Army Corps, and will report to the commanding general Department of the Gulf for assignment to such duty as the state of his health will permit him to perform.

* * *

6. The four 3-inch sea-coast mortars, with implements, equipments, &amp;c., complete, now at Fort Gaines Wharf, will be returned immediately to Lieutenant F. A. Metcalf, acting ordnance officer, at Forts Pickens, Fal. If Captain William S. Beebe, expedition ordnance officer, has receipted for any of these stores he will at once invoice them back to Lieutenant Metcalf. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation, and General T. Kilby Smith, commanding District of South Alabama, will furnish the necessary detail or handling these stores.

7. Companies A and K, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, now at Spanish Fort, with their respective batteries of 10-inch mortars, implements, and equipments, complete, will be sent to Fort Morgan, Ala., by colonel Bertram, commanding at the former post, as soon as the chief quartermaster Military Division of West Mississippi can furnish the necessary

