
transportation. The schooner Star, now at anchor off Starke's Wharf, laden with 13-inch mortar shell from Forts Morgan will also return to Fort Morgan, and on hear arrival there be unloaded. Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke, commanding at Fort Morgan, will receive and properly dispose of all the above-mentioned ordnance and ordnance stores as they arrive at the wharf. If Captain beebe, expedition ordnance officer, has receipted for any of the above-mentioned property he will at once invoice it back to Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

8. The three 30-pounder Parrott naval guns, Captain Gillis' battery, with implements, equipments, ammunition, &amp;c., complete, now at Spanish Fort, will be immediately returned to A. C. Starrett, acting master, U. S. Navy, ordnance officer of West Gulf Squadron, Mobile Bay. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation, and Colonel Berteram, commanding at Spanish Fort, will furnish the necessary detail for loading these stores on vessel.

* * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., April 17, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding First Division, &c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you give such orders as will secure to the citizens the privilege of being in the streets until 12 o'clock midnight hereafter, thus extending the time heretofore granted tow hours further into the night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., April 17, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM P. BENTON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Your division will be ready to march at 12 o'clock to-morrow, with five days' rations for the officers and men and two days' forage [for] the animals, and sixty rounds of ammunition to each piece of artillery and musket. Your route is across the Chickasaw Bayou at Alvarey Ferry; thence to the junction of the Alabama and Tombigbee Rivers, to unite and communicate with the gun-boats at that point. Communication will at once be opened by river and supplies forwarded by steam-boat to your camp.

* * *

By command of Major-General Granger:

C. S. SARGENT,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

25 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

