
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 44. Memphis, Tenn., April 17, 1865.

The nation mourns the untimely and vent death of the late President of the United States, Abraham lincoln, and the late Secretary of State, William H. Seward. All officers of this command will wear the usual badge of mourning upon the left arm for thirty days from the date of this order. As a mark of respect to the illustrious dead the public buildings of the city and all places of military business will be closed this day from sunrise to sunset. The funeral gun will be fired at every half hour, beginning at sunrise to sunset. The funeral gun will be fired at every half hour, beginning at sunrise and ending at sunset of this day.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 45. Memphis, Tenn., April 17, 1865.

The fall of Richmond and the capture of the principal rebel army and all the fortified places in the so-called Confederacy east of the Mississippi River, the utter and hopeless prostration of the rebel power, make it apparent that all further fighting on the part of Confederate soldiers within this military district must be from a spirit of pure malice and revenge of for purposes of robbery and plunder, and not in any hope of accomplishing any public good to any State or government. Those who now continue to fight after the liberal terms that have been offered can only be regarded as guerrillas and murderers. There are some small parties of such men roving about West Tennessee, keeping the citizens in a state of excitement and alarm, and who claim when captured to be treated as prisoners of war. All such are notified that if captured within the limits of this military district after the 25th instant they will not be treated as prisoners of war, but will be held for trail as felons and common enemies of mankind. Persons found bearing arms without competent Federal authority will be subject to the provisions of this order. This order is not intended to discourage any from laying down their arms and receiving the amnesty of the President, but to declare that such as are in West Tennessee and do not do it, but continue in open hostility, shall not be exchanged or allowed to take the oath of amnesty after their capture, but shall be tried and punished in accordance with their deserts.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 18, 1865-2.15 p. m. (Received 6.10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Have received telegram authorizing what arms can be offered to Confederate forces south and west.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

