
the location in which forage can be found. The supplies of grain, provisions, and ammunition with which the command starts must be used with the greatest possible economy, and every effort must be made to move with the greatest possible celerity till the barren portion of country is passed. In the absence of specific orders from these headquarters division commanders will cause their commands to begin the march at daybreak, or as soon thereafter as practicable, marching brigades on separate roads where it can be done to advantage. Corps headquarters will be habitually with the center column.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Eastport, Miss., March 20, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn:

GENERAL: I forward with this such extracts* from General Wilson's instructions to me, given upon his departure, that lead me into direct communication with yourself and heads of departments which may hasten the arming and equipping of my command; also General Wilson's order+ showing that the present destitute condition of my command was not ordered through any imputation of disgrace toward the division, but purely for the good of the service; and would earnestly request my division may be put upon a war footing, and would respectfully request if any doubt exists of its discipline or appearance of the men I solicit an inspector be appointed to inspect these troops; and also refer to former inspection reports of the regiments I brought to this department, which state favorably in every instance regarding their appearance and discipline. The Second Iowa Cavalry, Third, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry were re-enlisted a year ago as veterans, with the promise if they would re-enlist they should be armed with the Spencer carbine. Of these only the Second Iowa Cavalry and Sixth Illinois Cavalry were armed with the Spencer carbine. What the Ninth Illinois Cavalry had were surplus arms from these regiments and arms captured or left on the field by other regiments. These arms have since been turned over to General Wilson's command, about to take the field for active operations. The Third and Seventh Illinois Cavalry have for eight months carried arms condemned and turned over at one time at Memphis, Tenn. The Twelfth Missouri have an arm condemned eight months ago. I am receiving recruits daily, and have not arms enough to arm my command, and have sent (some days since) Captain Budd to you for muskets, despairing of obtaining a cavalry arm. I believe there is not an instance that any of these regiments have broken in front of the enemy, and I have never seen them charge a battery they did not take or a line of the enemy they did not break. If horses cannot be furnished I would suggest that the division be thoroughly armed. It can be made as effective as any infantry with the drill it is now receiving, and will in twenty days be

---------------

*See Wilson to Hatch, March 17, p. 11.

+See General Orders, Numbers 24, headquarters Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, March 18, p. 19.

---------------

