
guns, magazines, and block-house keeps. Colonel W. E. Merrill, chief engineer, Department of the Cumberland, gave me every assistance needed in making my inspection and supplied drawings from which those accompanying this report have been copied.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. TOWER,

Brigadier-General and Inspector-General Fortifications, Military Division of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Greeneville, East Tenn., April 18, 1865.

GENERAL: The troops of this corps will be transported by railroad to Nashville, Tenn., and will be concentrated at that place. They will move by divisions in the following order: First, the First Division, then the Second Division, then the Third Division. The First and Second Divisions will march at once to Rogersville Junction, where they will take the cars, and Major-General Wood, commanding Third Division, will march to the same place to take the cars as soon as his troops are relieved by troops from General Tillson's command. If possible, the troops will embark on the cars by brigades; in all cases by entire regiments. Officers' horses, company pack-mules, and one wagon and ambulance for each brigade will accompany the troops. Commanders will be held responsible for any depredations that may be committed by their troops. Major-General Wood will relieve the bridge guard at Lick Creek, Swan Pond, and the bridges near Blue Springs, by placing guards of twenty men at each bride. The Artillery Brigade and the transportation of the corps headquarters and divisions, will move at once by easy marches for Knoxville, taking only necessary rations and forage. Each division will send 100 men as a guard for the Artillery Brigade. Commanders will load railroad cars well, but not crowd them over, and they must not allow them to be cut or abused. Lieutenant-Colonel Greenwood, assistant inspector-general of the corps, and one officer from each division will go to Nashville for the purpose of selecting camp.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanders of First, Second, and Third Divisions, and Artillery Brigade.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Shield's Mills, East Tenn., April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourth Army Corps:

I have the honor to state that I have sent that part of the Ninety-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry which was here to Russelville, that they might be at a convenient point to re-enforce Morristown if necessary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Plate CXI, maps 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14; Plate CXII, maps 5, 6, 7, and 8, and Plate CXII, maps 1 and 2, of the Atlas.

---------------

