HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Shields' Mills, East Tenn., April 18, 1865.

BRIGADE COMMANDERS:

Brigade commanders will prepare to march their commands to Bull's Gap at once.

By command of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball:

ED. D. MASON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV. 4TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Blue Springs, East Tenn., April 18, 1865.

This division will march at 5 a. m. to-morrow for Rogersville Junction, to go by rail from there to Nashville, Tenn., and in the following order: First, First Brigade; second, Third Brigade; this, headquarters division; fourth, division hospital; fifth, Second Brigade. Entire regiments will, if practicable, be keep together on the cars. The authorized horses, company pack animals, one wagon and ambulance for division, and each brigade headquarters, with their teams, will accompany the troops; also the baggage of the command. All other transportation of the command will move by easy marches for Knoxville with six days' subsistence and five days' forage for his teams, and await a this place the arrival of the Artillery Brigade from greeneville, Tenn., probably to-morrow morning. The cars will be well loaded, but not crowded, nor will any cutting of them be allowed. Commanders of troops on each section of a train will take the number of the cars, with the name of the officer in charge of each, and hold him responsible that no damage is done to them. The troops moving by rail will be provided with subsistence for five days and forage for same period for the animals.

By command of Brigadier-General Elliott:

J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DOUBLE BRIDGES, GA., April 18, 1865-8 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: We captured the bridges this morning at 7 o'clock and with them thirty-four prisoners. There was a detachment of forty-five men left on picket at the bridges for the purpose of burning them upon our approach, but we came upon them suddenly, and Captain Hudson with one battalion of the Fourth Michigan charged them gallantly over and four miles beyond the bridges, capturing besides the prisoners 1 wagon and 1 caisson. Had our animals been in condition for pursuit I have no doubt we could have captured many more prisoners, as I learn the road is full of stragglers. I have the bridges well guarded, and will hold them until Colonel Minty's arrival. Will also have the factories burned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. VAN ANTWERP,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

