
General Wofford wa sincere in his propositions to General Judah. I wish you to send out a flag of truce to General Wofford, with the information stated in general terms, and tell him that we are prepared, and if he makes the attempt I will so despoil Georgia that fifty years hence it will be a wilderness. But if they desire to have peace, I will accept his surrender upon the same terms as Lee surrendered to General Grant.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, April 18, 1865.

Colonel MERRILL,

Commanding Merrill's Horse, North of Chattanooga:

COLONEL: The general commanding district directs that you move your entire effective force to Dalton, Ga., starting at 9 a. m. to-morrow, April 19, or as soon thereafter as practicable, for temporary duty south from that point. Railroad transportation will be furnished for forage, rations, and such baggage as you may desire to take with you.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, April 18, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Separate Division, Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith two communications addressed to Brigadier-General Wofford, C. S. Army. The one by the major-general commanding district he directs that you please forward under flag of truce to General Wofford, should it be practicable to do so, requesting an early reply to the proposition of the surrender of his forces, which should he accept the general desires you will then use the communication of Major-General Thomas' as the terms of agreement on the part of the Government for the surrender of his command, and arrange for its consummation as you may think proper.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MOE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Chattanooga, April 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOFFORD, C. S. Army:

Information has reached Major General George H. Thomas, commanding the Department of the Cumberland, that an expedition is fitting out in Northern Georgia to make a raid on the railroad communication between Chattanooga and Knoxville, and he instructs me to say to you that in view of the indications of a speedy return of peace he sincerely hopes that the report is unfounded, but should it be true and the raid be attempted, that he is fully prepared, and will so despoil Georgia

