
that fifty years hence it will be a wilderness. He further instructs me to say that if the people of Georgia sincerely desire peace he will accept the surrender of yourself and your forces on the liberal terms given to General Lee by General Grant.

Very respectfully,

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, April 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General WOFFORD, C. S. Army:

(Via General Steedman, Chattanooga.)

GENERAL: I am authorized by Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, to offer the same terms for the surrender of the Confederate forces under your command as those upon which General Lee surrendered to General Grant:

First. Brigadier General H. M. Judah, U. S. Volunteers, is designated to receive the surrender.

Second. Rolls of all the officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy to be given to an officer to be designated by Major-General Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah, the other to be retained by such Confederate officer as you may designate.

Third. The officers to give their individual paroles not to take up arms against the Government of the United States until properly exchanged, and each company, battalion, or regimental commander to sign a like parole for the men under his command.

Fourth. The arms, artillery, and public properly to be stacked and parked and turned over to an officer to be named by Major-General Steedman to receive them. This will not embrace the side-arms of officers nor their private horses or baggage.

Fifth. This done, each officer and man will be allowed to return to their homes, not to be disturbed by U. S. authority so long as they observe this parole and obey the laws which were in force previous to January 1, 1861, where they reside.

These terms are offered with the hope that seeing the folly of a further useless shedding of blood you will be animated with the same desire for a speedy restoration of peace which served to influence the mind of General Lee, who at once complied with the liberal terms offered him to Lieutenant-General Grant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Twenty-seven Miles northwest of Raleigh, April 18, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Johnston and I have agreed to maintain a truce in the nature of statu quo by which each is to stand fast till certain propositions looking to a general peace are referred to our respective principals. You may therefore cease hostilities, but for supplies may come to me near Raleigh. Keep your command well in hand and

