
approach Durham's Station or Chapel Hill, and I will supply you by our railroad. As soon as you reach the outer pickets report to me in person or by telegraph.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

The above order is given by agreement between Major-General Sherman and myself. The march of Major-General Stoneman's command under it is not to be interfered with by Confederate troops.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., April 18, 1865.

Major F. M. McKEE,

Commanding First Tennessee Mounted Infantry:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your regiment to Murfreesborough, Tenn., and report to Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve, commanding post. That portion of your command which is dismounted will proceed by rail upon the receipt of this order. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. The remainder will march without delay, taking with them all property of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. MORSE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 18, 1865.

Major-General PALMER,

Louisville, Ky.:

The provost-marshals in Kentucky are hereby authorized and directed to continue mustering in colored recruits to fill up the colored regiments to the maximum, any previous order to the contrary notwithstanding. A copy of this telegram certified by you will serve as a formal order for that purpose, which, on notification by you, they will obey accordingly.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 18, 1865.

General D. W. LINDSEY,

Frankfort, Ky.,:

GENERAL: I visited Lebanon a few days since, looking into the condition of State and of Federal troops. It affords me great pleasure to say to you that Captain G. W. Penn's company of State troops are under good discipline, finely mounted and equipped, and are doing good service under authority from Major Duncan. John McQuerter and Tom Keyton have enlisted for State service fifty or sixty men who are regarded by the community as very dangerous, both officers and men. I also found at Lebanon one other company of State troops authorized

