
to be raised by Colonel Adams, late of First Kentucky Cavalry. Colonel Adams informed me that he had applied to you for arms, &amp;c., to equip his men. I hope you will furnish them without delay, as he can make these men both efficient and useful. I directed McQuerter and Keyton, who claim to be captain and lieutenant, to report their command to Colonel Adams and receive orders from him, and to discontinue scouting until their men were properly disciplined. Citizens in vicinity of Lebanon, Campbellsville, and Columbia dread mcQuerter's and Keyton's men as much as they do guerrillas. I hope you will on receipt of this communication give Colonel Adams full instructions, and direct him to organize the men raised by McQuerter and Keyton, and appoint some efficient and good man to command them; also direct him to make requisition for arms, &c. He can be addressed at Lebanon Ky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 18, 1865.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

I have the honor to report that I have succeeded in mounting and equipping 535 men of Fifty-fifth kentucky Mounted Infantry. Orders have been forwarded the commanding officer directing him to scout al the counties west of Central Kentucky Railroad to Kentucky River, and the counties of Campbell, Bracken, Mason, Fleming, Nicholas, Harrison, and Pendleton, east of kentucky Central Railroad. This arrangement and disposition of my command will completely break up guerrilla bands in the counties and sections of country named above. The First Kentucky Cavalry, three companies, are doing good work in Wayne, Clinton, and Cumberland Counties, restoring order and capturing and killing guerrillas. i am also receiving god reports from my mounted force serving east of Mount Sterling. The Big Sandy country and the country in the interior west of Prestonburg and Pound Gap is comparatively quiet. The State troops at Proctor, Irvine, and Brownlee are protecting the citizens and restoring law and order. I have just receive the gratifying intelligence from Mount sterling of the killing of two notorious guerrilla leaders, Wash Carter and dare Downs, and the capture of seven of their men. Deserters from the rebel army are coming in daily and receive the benefits of the amnesty oath. Everything in my division working well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST. DIV., DEPT. OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 77. Lexington, Ky., April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel John G. Rogers, Fifty-fourth Kentucky Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the U. S. forces at Lebanon, Ky., and vicinity.

By command of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

