
will take command and control of all troops and property of the corps left at this place. All of the artillery and the transportation of the corps, including ordnance train, supply train, hospitals, animals, &amp;c., will be shipped to Knowville on railroad cars in the following-mentioned order, to wit: First, the Artillery Brigade with its batteries, transportation, &c.; second, the transportation of the First Division; third, the transportation of the Third Division; fourth, ambulance corps with its ambulances, hospital wagons, animals, &c.; fifth, the pontoon train with all of its transportation, animals, &c.; sixth, the transportation of the Second Division. Shipment will be made in the order above mentioned as far as railroad cars can be furnished. Officers having charge of trains to be shipped will report to General Elliott for orders and instructions.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Pulaski, Tenn., March 16, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I would most respectfully make the following recommendations for brevet promotions for the following-named officers of my staff: Captain E. T. Wells, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious service July 20, 1864, on which day he was severely wounded, and to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet December 15, 1864, for the battle of Nashville. First Lieutenant Louis T. Morris, Nineteenth Infantry, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for battle of Nashville. No two officers in the serviced are more deserving, and no two of like grade can be found who have performed more valuable services. Throughout the Atlanta campaign these officers were with me, and I feel the Government owes them this recognition of their services. They are brave, energetic, active officers, who have earned promotion by their gallantry and industry. Nothing is more grateful to a soldier than a knowledge that his humble services are recognized and appreciated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 59. Knoxville, Tenn., March 6, 1865.

* * * * *

III. The Eleventh Michigan Volunteer Cavalry will move from here to-morrow and encamp to-morrow night at Strawberry Plains and there await orders from the major-general commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish one wagon to the above regiment for the transportation of forage from the depot to camp.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

