
able to take the field effective on foot. So far as obtaining information suggest by General Wilson, I consider the best is to be obtained by purchasing officers at the headquarters of the enemy. This I can do. It will require money, however, to do this. I have none and no way of obtaining any here in the way of assessments, as I consider this only a camp of instruction, not a post. The railroad train run by the rebels has reached Corinth, and yesterday was near Burnsville. It will be at Iuka probably to-morrow. This is reported to me by scouts. From these reports, however, I am not sure that it is a train coming north from West Point or one that has remained near Corinth. I should like very much to have instructions regarding the running of these trains. I know General Forrest well enough to be aware he will take any advantage of this privilege.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 13. Louisville, Ky., March 20, 1865.

It being well known that much hostility still exists in the minds of some evil-disposed persons in the State of Kentucky against the enlistment of colored soldiers, and that in order to discourage enlistment many cases have occurred of their barbarous treatment, imprisonment in jails and slave pens, it is ordered that hereafter no colored person in this department shall be confined in any jail or prison except by proper legal authority, and that all slave pens and other private places of confinement be at once broken up. Commanding officers of troops throughout the department are charged with the proper execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 20, 1865-11 a. m. (Received 21st.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Your telegraphic application to me for advice as to whether you shall obey General Canby's order to turn over your cavalry to General Grierson was referred to Major-General Halleck for the information of the Department. At the same time I informed General Halleck that this cavalry could not be spared from your district and that you were authorized by me to detain it until I could hear from him. I this morning received the following telegram.* You will retain the cavalry in your district, except the brigade which General Dana brought to Memphis, which can be sent to Vicksburg if they still require it. If nothing prevents I will start from here on Thursday next to visit you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

---------------

*See Halleck to Thomas, 11.30 a. m. March 109, p. 28.

---------------

