
MOUNT STERLING, April 18, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have seven guerrillas. Some of them revery bad men and have, no doubt, been connected with the murder of several men and numerous thefts. If they could be hung at this place it might do some good. The notorious guerrillas, Wash Carter, was killed Friday night, and Dare Downs said to have been found dead in a meeting-house. I suppose he was wounded by my scouts last week.

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., April 18, 1865.

Major H. N. BENJAMIN,

Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Send the captured guerrillas to Captain Priestley, provost-marshal-general. Your command is doing good work. You have the general's thanks. Look sharp for those suspicious persons. If they go toward Virginia I can perhaps intercept them another way. It don't do to let suspicious ones run loose.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 18, 1865.

Colonel WEDEN O'NEAL,

Commanding Fifty-fifth Kentucky:

(Through Byt. Brigadier General J. F. Wade, commanding Covington and Newport.)

Divide your effective mounted force into detachments under competent officers, provided with as many rations of subsistence as can be conveniently carried by the men, and scout all the counties west of Kentucky Central Railroad to the Kentucky River, and the counties of Campbell, Bracken, Mason, Fleming, Nicholas, Harrison, and Pendleton, east of Kentucky Central Railroad, and break up all guerrilla bands and horse-thieves. Instruct commanding officer of each detachment to respect private property of citizens, and in every instance to give proper receipts for forage, and direct the party from whom it is obtained to send receipts to your regimental quartermaster at Covington, who will take them up with proper vouchers. Any prisoners taken your different detachments will be made to you in writing, that you may consolidate them and report in full to these headquarters. It is expected that your command will behave as true soldiers, patriots, and gentlemen. I have full confidence in your regiment,and believe and hope that my wishes and instructions will be fully complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

