
MEMPHIS, April 18, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

In obedience to general desire expressed by the citizens that I should withdraw my resignation, I request that it may be withheld for thirty days.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief of Quartermaster, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: If being the intention of the general-in-chief of seize, by the act of capture, for the benefit of the United States Government, all products which were found in the city and vicinity, or may be found hereafter, belonging to the rebel Government or other parties, and to ship them to New York or other Eastern markets, the following instructions are given, with a view to obtain all information regarding the right of the original and present owners or claimants of such produce and to shield the United States Government against all swindle and exaggeration on the part of evil-disposed parties hereafter: First. When products are seized the parties claiming ownership or interest in them will be invited to come forward and present all evidence by which they have or pretend to have and direct or indirect right in the articles. Before receiving property seized the lists and parcels must be carefully inspected as to quantity, quality, and condition. All marks to identify their origin must be recorded, weights, or measures, or numbers registered. Second. A copy of such inventory and record is to be delivered to the claimant, with such remarks as appear necessary to give full description of his real or pretended rights. This statement must exhibit all marks, the number, weight, or measure of the lot, by package or parcel, and an extract of the result of the inspection held. Third. All claims presented officially and in writing must be filed and recorded, with the proper reference to the lot or package of produce in question. Fourth. Before shipping the seized products they must be thoroughly overhauled and repacked, if necessary. Cotton is to be repressed, repacked, and bound. Every package must be distinctly marked and the weight written thereon. It is, however, very desirable that the original number of parcels, with all marks, be preserved; only in case of necessity the contents of several packages may be consolidated into one, and in such cases care must be taken to enter the necessary remarks for recognition of the original quantity. Fifth. In bringing the seized property to market the different lots must be kept together, as they were found, or as they are claimed by interested parties, so that account of sales may be rendered of every such lot distinctly. Sixth. You will cause an account current to be kept, exhibiting on the debit side every lot seized; where and by whom seized; by whom owned or claimed, giving reference to the files of claims, the original marks found on the package, the weight or measure ascertained by you, and such remarks as may tend to identify the lost at any time afterward. On the credit side the account will show how the lot was repacked; the marks and numbers put on by you at the time of shipment; address of consignee; date of sales and their net produce. The intention of this book is to condense to a glance the whole history of

26 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

