
instant. Before the occupation of the place by the Federal forces the citizens hauled the cotton into the streets and set fire to it, destroying it, will all the commissary stores. They also burnt some of the warehouse and Governor Watts' residence. All the rolling-stock and machinery was sent to Columbus, Ga., with all the sound men collected. The scattered rebel forces are collecting at Union Springs.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 102. Memphis, Tenn., April 18, 1865.

For the purpose of capturing Quantill and his band of about sixty men now operating on the Hatchie River, and Mat Luxton, with his band of about twenty, now operating in the same region, and other enemies, the following troops, will be sent out, viz: Two hundred and fifty cavalry on the steamer John Raine, upon which they will embark at 5 p. m. to-day; 350 cavalry on barges in charge of steamers Raine and Cleona at same hour. The steamers will proceed up the river and land the troops on the barges at Randolph, and will then proceed immediately to Fulton and land the troops on the steamer. The steamer will then return to Fulton. The troops landed at Fulton will dash forward to Ripley and Brownsville, and will send a party to Brownsville Landing same night, where they will meet the steam-boats of the expedition. Two hundred of the troops landed at Randolph will dash forward to Covington, and will scour the country and reach Brownsville Landing same night. One hundred and fifty cavalry will dash forward, via Portersville or Beaverdam, to Brownsville Landing, and pursue, destroy, and kill all guerrillas they may find. The steamers Cleone, Dove, and Pocahontas will proceed to-night at 5 o'clock up the Mississippi and Hatchie Rivers, each with fifty cavalry and fifty infantry on board, and will form a junction with the rest of the command at Brownsville Landing. From that point the commander of the expedition will move as the object of the expedition may require, and will return to Memphis overland or by boat and barges as may be thought best. The cavalry will take three days' rations, and two days' rations of forage will be placed on one of the Hatchie boats, and three days' rations for the men. All commanding officers are enjoined to maintain the strictest discipline and allow no marauding or ill treatment of citizens, but citizens must be required to gibe information in regard to guerilla whereabouts so far as they know, or they will be regarded as harboring and encouraging them.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN MISS. AND EAST LA.,

Jackson, Miss., April 18, 1865.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Having had in informally stated to me upon several occasions that you were anxious to correct the lawlessness at present so rife in Warren County, and that you would probably be willing to join me in the attempt to drive out and capture the marauding bands now preying upon the citizens, I have the honor to propose that I will send

