HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: If any of the light-draw schooners now lying at Navy Cove laden with sutler stores are fit to carry ammunition you are authorized to seize any one of them, have it laden with ammunition by the ordnance officer of the Thirteenth Corps, and sent up the bay to the troops in the field.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES OPERATING FROM PENSACOLA BAY,Pensacola, Fla., March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Spurling was at work all last night, and his whole command is probably at Creigler's Mills by this time. The balance of the troops were concentrated here yesterday, and commenced moving into the interior this morning. I will inclose a return approximating as nearly as practicable to the strength of my effective force. General Lucas arrived yesterday. When the rest of his brigade gets up General Asboth will have 1,200 or 1,500 effective men, and the convalescents and sick that could be employed in case of emergency will probably augment his force to 2,000, which I think is ample for the defense of Barrancas, but not enough to carry on the extensive work which the general has laid out. The central wharf here was put in complete repair and a railroad track laid the whole extent of it and up to the store-houses in town. As I could not spare troops to leave a garrison in the place, and as I presume it was not intended that I should do so, I addressed and official letter to Captain A. Gibson, U. S. Navy, commanding squadron in Pensacola Bay, and requested him to protect the wharf until troops should arrive to garrison the town. I have received no reply from Captain Gibson, but there is a man-of-war lying broadside on the enfilade the wharf. Andrews has twelve day's rations and Hawkins ten days'. Cavalry, ditto, except Spurlina, who did not take a wheel. We have ten days' oats-ten quarts per day-for train animals. From all the information that I can obtain, it is probable that we shall find neighed forage nor provisions between here and Pollard, except that the cavalry may find some on by-roads. If I do not hear from headquarters by the time the rations in haversacks are out I shall order half-rations issued to the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Dannelly's Ferry, Fish River, March 20, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I have the honor to report that we made a safe landing at this point at 2.30 p. m., and are now engaged in forming our lines for defense. I

