
troops at this post. Your regiment will therefore remain quietly in camp until I can consult the general. You will, however, send a detachment of the regiment to Greeneville large enough with the detachment there to make a full company with three efficient officers. You will direct the officer selected for the command to hunt up and chastise all guerrillas in that region, the mode and manner of doing so to be at his discretion. Peaceable citizens must not be disturbed, nor any depredations committed upon private property. All supplies of subsistence or forage taken for the use of the troops must be receipted for on the proper blanks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding.

(In the absence of Major-General Stoneman.)

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 27. Mobile, Ala., April 19, 1865.

I. All absent persons who are bona fide residents of Mobile, and who were either sent away from here by rebel authorities or prevented by them from returning, are hereby permitted, if they so desire, to return to their homes and families, reporting upon their arrival in this city to the provost-marshal-general.

II. All persons now living in the city of Mobile who desire to change their place of residence for any locality within the lines of the U. S. armies are at liberty to do so, and the provost-marshal-general will, on application, furnish the necessary passes. Excepted from this privilege are, however, all persons who by sentence of court-martial, or by order of other competent authority, have been sent from the North and beyond our lines for misbehavior.

III. The wives, children, or other relatives of officers and men in the rebel army, or any other parties desirous of entering the lines of that army, will be accommodated accordingly. They may register their names at the office of the provost-marshal-general, and as soon as the rebel authorities have designated some point on the river or railroad where such persons can be receivd the necessary transportation will be furnished by the quartermaster's department.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 28. Mobile, Ala., April 19, 1865.

Mr. Thomas W. Conway, general superintendent of freedmen, Department of the Gulf, will take charge of the freedmen in and around Mobile. Such officers as he may appoint will draw the necessary supplies from the commissary and quartermaster's departments, upon requisitions approved by the commander of the post. Supplies not furnished by these departments will be procured from funds in the hands of Mr. Conway. All persons formerly held as slaves will be treated in every respect as entitled to the rights of freedmen, and such

