
as desire their services will be required to pay for them. Care will be taken not to disturb abruptly the connections now existing, and all colored persons having places or employed are advised to remain, whenever the persons by whom they are employed recognize their rights and agree to compensate them for their service. All unemployed colored persons will report at once to the office established for the care of freedmen, for the purpose of have ing their names and residences registered and being provided with employment. Those employed by the Government will be regularly enrolled, subsisted, and paid. Copies of the rolls of those employed in the different departments of the army will be furnished the superintendent of freedmen, and when discharged from that employment will be directed to report to the superintendent.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 38. Mobile Ala., April 19, 1865.

* * * *

3. Bvt. Major John F. S. Gray, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty on the staff of the major-general commanding, and will proceed to Washington, D. C., and report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

* * * *

5. The commanding officer Seventh Massachusetts Battery Light Artillery will immediately report with his battery fully equipped for active field service to Brigadier General John P. Hawkins, commanding division of colored infantry at Blakely, Ala. The command will carry with them ten day's forage and rations. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. Colonel Bertram, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, will assume command of the east side of Mobile Bay and of the fortifications at Blakely and Spanish Fort. He will cause the orders given by Major-General Steele for the dismantling of the rebel works to be promptly executed, and will giver particular attention to the receiving and shipping of ordnance and ordnance stores. He will also furnish the necessary assistance for the construction of the new works laid out. The quartermaster's department will furnish Colonel Bertram with a sufficient number of barges and other means of transportation necessary for the removal of the material whenever it is reported ready for shipment. Small garrisons (not exceeding one company of middle strength at each post) will be stationed at Batteries Huger and Tracy.

7. The power to administer the oath of amnesty which was delegated to the provost-marshal-general of the army and division by General Field Orders, Numbers 26, from these headquarters, is hereby further delegated to the commanders of districts or independent posts, or to higher authority, under such restrictions as are laid down by the proper military and administrative authorities.

8. Major General Gordon Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, will order Brigadier General W. P. Benton, commanding Third Division, to march with his command to a point above the month of the Tombigbee River north of the upper cut-off between that stream and the Alabama River, and in the vicinity of the ferry across the Tombigbee on

