
the road from New Wakefield to Choctaw Bluff. General Bonton will on his arrival select the most appropriate camp for his troops, and at once establish and continue communication and connection with any military or naval forces in that vicinity. Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey, assistant inspector-general and chief engineer of the Thirteenth Army Corps, will accompany General Benton and select near the point indicated above a suitable site for a line of works of sufficient size and strength to be garrisoned by a division and be held against any number of assailants. The works will form a closed fort to command not only the river thoroughly, but also all possible approaches from the land side. Colonel Palfrey will send to these headquarters as soon as possible an estimate for the material needed for the works. General Benton will furnish, on the application of Colonel Palfrey, all assistance in men and materials for the completion of the fort.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Blakely, Ala., April 19, 1865.

Colonel W. T. SPICELY,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will hold your command in readiness to embark at a moment's notice, with camp and garrison equipage, what ammunition you have on hand, and five day's rations. When the troops are on the transports the requirements in article 37, of the Army Regulations in regard to inspections and cleanliness, will be strictly enforced. Care will be taken that the men do not lie and sleep in the sun.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews;

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Moore, Captain Hotchkiss, Second Connecticut Battery, and Lieutenant Rowse, Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Malone's Creek, Ala., April 19, 1865.

The present organization of the staff of the brigadier-general commanding is announced as follows: Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa, acting assistant inspector-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Smith, Thirty-fifth Wisconsin, provost-marshal; Major B. Durham, U. S. Volunteers, surgeon in charge; Captain J. D. Rouse, Seventy-seventh Illinois, commissary assistant adjutant-general; Captain D. K. Hall, U. S. Volunteers, commissary of subsistence; Captain Arnout Cannon, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, acting engineer; First Lieutenant J. M. Shields, Seventy-seventh Illinois, acting ordnance officer; First Lieutenant W. H. York, Twentieth Wisconsin, acting assistant quartermaster; Second Lieutenant N. R. Hook, Thirty-third Iowa, assistant commissary of musters; First Lieutenant F. E. Starck, Twentieth Iowa, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant J. A. Prindle, Seventh Vermont, aide-de-camp.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

