
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Ala., April 19, 1865.

The major-general commanding directs that the troops of his command will take up the line of march to-morrow (20th) in the following order: First, cavalry at 7 a. m.; second, Second Division at 6 a. m.; third pontoniers at 6 a. m.; fourth, Third Division at 6.30 a. m.; fifth, First Division at 9 a. m., in charge of supply train.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 103. Memphis, Tenn., April 19, 1865.

* * * *

VI. As a mark of respect to the memory of our beloved Chief Magistrate, lately stricken down by traitors' hands in the height of his glory and usefulness, all public business in this military district will be suspended to-morrow. All military in Memphis not on duty will form in procession at 10 o'clock on Shelby street, the head of the column resting on Union street, and will move at 10.30 o'clock in accordance with an order of march which will be duly promulgated. The militia who do not belong to any of the various societies will turn out and form on Union street, head of column on Front street. A funeral gun will be fired every half hour from sunrise until sunset from Fort Pickering. Brigadier-General Chetlain, commanding the post and defenses of Memphis, will have charge of the procession and direct its movements.

* * * *

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., April 20, 1865-2 p. m. (Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I forward the two following telegrams for the information of the Secretary of War and Lieutenant-General Grant.* I have directed General Stoneman to keep his troops in the positions he has placed them for the present, as he may be able to intercept some of the bands who are attempting to escape. Stoneman has been directed to post troops along the railroad to the Virginia line for its protection and to give confidence to the inhabitants. There is a decide indication of satisfaction throughout my whole command at the prospect of a return to law and order:

GREENEVILLE, April 13, 1865-10 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Captain Joseph T. Hale, Sixth Tennessee Mounted Volunteers, and eighty-four men and officers have just come in to go to Knoxville to take the amnesty oath and go home. Captain Hale makes the following report:

"On the 12th of April, at Christiansburg, Va., ninety miles west of Lynchburg, General Echols heard of the surrender of Lee's army. Echols had with him at the time about 7,000 men, and his Department of Southern western Virginia and East Tennessee, from 15,000 to 20,000 Drake's [Duke's], Colburn's [Cosby's], Vaughn's and other commands were with General Echols at Christiansburg. So soon as General

* For Stoneman to Thomas, April 19 (here omitted), see p. 407.

