
to guard the telegraph office, with orders to come on and join the command as soon as any part of General Stoneman's or Tillson's commands arrives there.

By command of Major-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 20, 1865.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, in Georgia:

GENERAL: General Joseph E. Johnston has agreed with me for a universal suspension of hostilities, looking to a peace over the whole surface of our country. I feel assured that it will be made perfect in a few days. You will therefore desist from further acts of war and devastation until you hear that hostilities are renewed. For convenience of supplying your command you may either contract for supplies down about Fort Valley or the old Chattahoochee Arsenal, or, if you are north of West Point go on to the neighborhood of Rome and Kinston, opening up communication and a route of supplies with Chattanooga, and Cleveland. Report to me your position through General Johnston, as also round by sea. You may also advise General Canby of your position and the substance of this, which I have also sent round by sea.*

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[APRIL 20, 1865.-For Wilson to Sherman, reporting surrender of Macon, &amp;c., see Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 265, and Part I, p. 367.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Fifteen Miles form Macon, April 20, 1865.

General UPTON:

GENERAL: A communication just received from Major General Howell Cobb states that a truce for the purpose of a final settlement was agreed upon yesterday between General Johnston and Sherman applicable to all forces under their commands.+ The contending forcer are to occupy their present positions, forty-eight hours' notice being given on the event of resumption of hostilities. It is reported that General Lee and his army are captured. Move your command toward Macon to-morrow. The brevet major-general moves to that place to-night.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General McCook.)

* For version of this dispatch as received by Wilson, see Vol. XLVII, Part III,

p. 267, and Part I, p. 367.

+ See Beauregard to Cobb, April 19, Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 814, and Part I, p. 365.

