
for a communicating and intermediate station, and when a single officer aided by a sergeant is alone on station. I am unable to furnish the extra kit; there is a like deficiency in disks. At the close of the month I moved my office to this place as directed.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. HOLLOPETER,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES IN NORTH GEORGIA,Atlanta, April 20, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 17th instant has this moment been received. You will accept for yourself and extend to your superiors my thanks for the permission granted to convey corn within, through, and near your lines to the destitute families in Northern Georgia. In accordance with your request, my headquarters and the main body of my forces will not be moved north of the Etowah River until I receive a reply to the following propositions: First. I propose a cessation of hostilities for an indefinite period of time between the forces under my command and the Federal army in the District of the Etowah, to be ended at the will of either party upon giving ten days' notice to the other. Second. That I encamp my command in the neighborhood of Calhoun and south of the Oostenaula River. Third. That I be permitted to send such armed forces through the counties of Chattooga, Waler, Dade, Whitfield, Catoosa, and Murray as may be necessary to enable the civil officers to enforce the laws of the State. Fourth. That the Federal authorities will not send raiding parties or permit their soldiers to interfere with the rights of the citizens in Northern Georgia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. WOFFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIFTH SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Clarksville, Tenn., April 20, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Major: Application has been made to me, thorough citizens, by guerrillas in this district to know upon what terms they could lay down their arms and become peaceable citizens. As a decision in one case might form a precedent for others, I respectfully refer the question to district headquarters for decision.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Nashville, April 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Department of the Cumberland for instructions.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

