
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 25, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army for instructions.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 3, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 4, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Grant for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

[Fifth indorsement.]

MAY 5, 1865.

I would advise as a cheap way to get clear of guerrillas that a certain time be given for them to come in, say the 20th of this month, up to which time their paroles will be received, but after which they will be proceeded against as outlaws.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 20, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville:

Your disposition of your cavalry I think judicious, and you are authoritized to maintain the positions for the present. General Grant informs me that there is no very large hostile force now in Southwestern Virginia, and consequently he wishes the troops in East Tennessee to be so disposed as but to keep down local depredations and to keep open the communications. I approve of your making Grenville the headquarters of General Tillson, but it will be necessary to secure the railroad to the Virginia line, and I hardly think one regiment sufficient for that, but with Kirk's regiment in the mountains north of Asheville, perhaps two regiments at Carter's Depot, and one at Kingsport you will be able to procure perfect quiet. Send the regiment which was exchanged for Palmer's to Chattanooga as soon as possible, as cavalry is very much needed there now. As soon as you can withdraw the advanced portion of your cavalry be well for you to place a portion somewhere near Tellico Plains to cover the railroad between the Hiawasse and London. Rumors are constantly coming to me of contemplated raids on that part of our communications.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

I have instructed Macky to have the warehouses at the new depot at Knoxville finished to accommodate the district.

G. H. T.

