
hope before dark to have everything in position, and will await the arrival of the remainder of my corps. No portion of General Granger's troops have yet arrived. I will construct the bridge early in the morning. I will send back the boats as fast as unloaded. The navigation of the river is good to Smith's Mills; from that point to this the river is narrow and crooked.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEPARATE CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 12. Pensacola, Fla., March 20, 1865.

The officers composing the staff of brigadier-general commanding are hereby announced as follows: Major J. E. Cowan, acting assistant inspector-general; Major R. H. Perry, chief of outposts; Surg. J. A. Skilton, medical officer in charge; Captain E. V. Hitch, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. R. Steele, commissary of subsistence; Captain G. W. Becker, acting aide-de-camp and provost-marshal; First Lieutenant H. D. Barber, acting aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant H. W. Thayer, acting ordnance officer, Second Lieutenant T. J. Simpson, acting assistant quartermaster.

By order of Brigadier-General Lucas:

E. V. HITCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 67. Barrancas, Fla., March 20, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The commanding officer at Fort Pickens will at once send the two smallest companies of his command to this place to report to Colonel F. L. Hitchcock, Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, for duty. Colonel Hitchcock will encamp these companies inside the new fortified line, extending from the redoubt to the Bayou Grande, for the purpose of guarding that line, serving the guns, and assisting to complete the inner earth-works at Fort Barrancas and the redoubt. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation from Fort Pickens to this place and provide the working parties with the required tools.

* * * * *

5. Colonel F. L. Hitchcock, Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, is assigned to the command of Fort Barrancas and the redoubt, including the continued line of works between that fort and the Bayou Grande; also the picket-line along the bayou to Gun-boat Point.

6. Colonel D. B. Bush, Second Illinois Cavalry, will at once resume command of all the detachments of cavalry now serving within this district except the Second Maine and the First Florida Cavalry, making a consolidated return of the command thus [formed] to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Asboth:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

