
Proceedings of the commission assembled in pursuance of the following order:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

WEST GULG, SQUADRON, U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE,

Off Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

A joint commission, to consist of Brigadier General J. Bailey, U. S. Volunteers, on the part of the army, and Commander Pierce Crosby, U. S. Navy, commanding U. S. steamer Metacomet, on the part of the navy, will proceed at once to examine the wharves, docks, ship-yards, foundries, and workshops in and about Mobile for the purpose of designating and assigning them in proportion to the necessities of each branch of the service. The commission will also designate and assign such steam and other vessels as may be suitable or needed by the army or navy, designating preferably for the army river steamers and vessels suited for the navigation of still waters, and for the navy the heavier of vessels. The action of the commission will not be regarded as determining any question of private interest or of prize that may be involved in the property included in this order.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding West Gulf Squadron.

Acting Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Squadron:

The commission met, in pursuance of the above order, on the 21st instant and made the examinations in accordance with its instructions, but have been unable to agree fully in assigning the wharves and vessel to each branch of the service, and I beg leave to submit the following: I propose that the grounds and buildings above and near the commencement of Connecticut street, known as Hitchcock's press, and used by the rebels as their navy-yard, together with the wharves in front of the same; also the two slips and wharves at the foot of Saint Anthony street, and the wharf on the other side of the river and below Dauphin street, to be appropriated for the use of the navy. All the docks and wharves below, between, and above the points designated on either side of the river, to be appropriated for the use of the army. The floating dry dock and marine railway, together with the saw-mills and workshops appertaining thereto, be assigned jointly for the use of the army and navy, the preference to be given to either branch of the service according to the exigencies of the service, but to be placed in the charge and care of the army. The six floats or camels for raising and carrying vessels over shoals, which belonged to and were used by the rebel Government, be turned over to the navy for the joint use of the army and navy, according to their necessities, and to be taken care of by the latter. The machine shop, known as Ollis &amp; Toulmin, to be taken for naval purposes, and those of Skate & Co., and Park, Lyons & Co., for the army. The steamers Coquette, Virginia, Margaret, Flirt, R. B. Taney, two schooners, and barges and flat-boats to be appropriated for army purposes, with the exception of the three flat-boats marked 1, 2, and 3, which are required for naval use. The steamer Julia and steam tug Gunnison, the heavier class of vessels, to be taken for naval purposes, provided it does not conflict with the arrangements previously made by General Canby with parties claiming said vessels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PEIRCE CROSBY,

Commander, Commanding U. S. Steamer, Metacomet.

Approved: H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

Approved: ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

