
engineer of the army and division for the purpose of establishing a branch office in connection with fortifications of this city.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Ala., April 20, 1865.

The major-general commanding directs that the troops of his command will take up the line of march to-morrow (21st) in the following order: First, cavalry at 7.30 a. m.; second, Third Division at 6 a. m.; third, pontoniers at 6.30 a. m.; fourth, First Division at 5 a. m.; fifth, Second Division at 9 a. m., in charge of supply train.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, &amp;c.:

All locomotives, rolling-stock, and other railroad material of the Mobile and Ohio and of the Mobile and Montgomery Railroads, now beyond the lines ot occupation by the forces of the United States, that may be brought within those lines and delivered or reported to the proper military authorities, will be exempted from seizure as captured property, but this order will not be construed as determining any question of private interest involved in this property,or as barring any legal proceeding that may hereafter be instituted against the company.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 20, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Gorges East of Mobile Bay, Blakely, Ala.:

SIR: The chief quartermaster of the army and division having made requisition for additional transportation for the troops composing General Hawkins's division, I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that the probabilities are that none can be furnished beyond the fifteen steamers already assigned. Arrangements must, however, in any case be made for the transportation of Captain Mack's battery (the Eighteenth New York); all other organizations for which there is no room, and all recruits, will be ordered to report for temporary duty to Colonel H. Bertram, and care will be taken that complement officers are assigned to the command of the recruits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

