
1,300 prisoners, 52 field guns in position; destroyed 100,000 bales cotton, the arsenal, armory, foundry, navy-yard, 1 iron-clad ram mounting 6 guns, nearly ready for sea; 4 extensive factories, 15 locomotives, and a very large quantity of military stores of every kind. Same day Colonel La Grange took West Point; 200 prisoners, killed General Tyler; captured 300 cars and 15 locomotives. Both columns converged to this place, where they arrived last night. The rebels destroyed 28,000 bales of cotton at Selma and 85,000 at Montgomery. The damage inflicted upon the rebels up to this time cannot be reckoned in Confederate currency. Croxton's brigade left me at Elyton, burnt Tuscaloosa, and when last heard from was near Columbus, Miss. I have organized and partially armed three negro regiments. My command is in magnificent condition and can go anywhere. I have no definite information from Canby, but rumors that he has taken Mobile. I know he ought to have done so some time ago. Shall wait here a few days to rest and wait a reply to my dispatch of last night.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

General Wilson presents his compliments to General Beauregard and requests him to forward this telegram to General Sherman. It has no reference to future operations or plans, but relates purely to what has already transpired. It is sent in cipher merely to insure its correct transmission. If the general desires it, the message may be repeated in its original form for his information.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 21, 1865-8 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

(Through General J. E. Johnston.)

Your dispatch of yesterday is just received. I shall at once proceed to carry out your instructions. If proper arrangements can be made to have sugar, coffee, and clothing sent from Savannah to Augusta, they can be brought hither by the way of Atlanta, or they can be sent by boat directly to this place from Darien. I shall be able to get forage, bread, and meat from Southwestern Georgia. The railroad from Atlanta to Dalton or Cleveland cannot be repaired in three months. I have arranged to send an officer at once, via Eufaula, to General Canby with a copy of your dispatch. General Cobb will also notify General Taylor of the armistice.

I have about 3,000 prisoners of war including Generals Cobb, Smith, Mackall, Mercer, and Robertson. Can't you arrange with General Johnston for their immediate release? Please answer at once. I shall start a staff officer to you to-morrow.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[APRIL 21, 1865.-For Sherman to Johnston, transmitting next, post, to Wilson, and referring to operations of the latter, &amp;c., see Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 265.]

