
Wayland's Spring; the doctor being absent, they demanded money of Mrs. McDouga, who gave them all she had, and they left, and are supposed to have gone back to Clifton. The full names of these outlaws as given me are Thomas Brewer, Wall Stutts, and Thomas Kiddy. It is stated to me that Lieutenant James J. Brombley,of the company or command at Clifton, knows all of these soldiers and all of the witnesses by whom the facts can be proven, and that he discountences, and so far as he may, represses all such proceedings. He is suggested as a proper person to be placed in charge of the investigation of the matter and the arrest of the offenders. The facts above recited can, I am informed, be established by the following witnesses: William Johnson, wife, and daughter, heretofore residing on Sugar Creek, in Wayne County, but now moving to Bedford County, between Cornesville and Shelbyville; John D. Wade, William Danley, John McClearin, James Guest (or Gest), son of the murdered man, Richard Olive, John Wash. Brewer, William Brewer, commonly called Budd Brewer; all living in the neighborhood in which these outrages were committed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, GA., April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General W. T. WOFFORD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that an armistice has been agreed upon by General Sherman and Johnston, and that all military operations have ceased for the present, and will not be resumed except on forty-eight hours' notice. In my opinion they will not be resumed at all.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Official and correct. U. S. troops will observe.

By command of Major-General Wilson:

L. M. HOSEA,

Captain, Sixteenth Regulars, and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

I believe General Wilson has been fooled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., April 21, 1865.

Colonel W. Y. DILLARD,

Commanding, Cumberland Gap:

Organized forces, part of Lee's army, will be allowed his terms-surrender of all public property. If they have been pressing horses in Kentucky they must be returned to owners, whether they regard them as public or private.

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

