
CITY POINT, VA., March 21, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 22nd.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Has Cruft started yet with the detachments belonging to Sherman's army? Your dispatches of 18th and 20th were received yesterday. Stoneman's directions are satisfactory, but Sheridan did not go to Lynchburg. If not too late, inform Stoneman of the fact.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 21, 1865.

L. H. EICHOLTZ,

Acting Chief Engineer, Knoxville:

Your two telegrams of 19th and 20th received. I wish you to place the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad in condition to sustain as constant work as the Chattanooga and Atlanta road did last year. Does General Stanley move on with his forces before your construction parties? If you have the men to spare, you had better commence the switch at Knoxville at once. I want everything along the road prepared for heavy work as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 21, 1865.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Huntsville, Ala:

The One hundred and forty-ninth Indiana is en route to report to General Granger. As soon as it does so you will move to East Tennessee with your division and join the Fourth Corps.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, March 21, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch received. General Stanley ordered that the transportation of the corps, including the ambulance corps and pontoon train, should precede my division. The transportation of Wood's division is now being shipped. The ambulance corps, pontoon train, and transportation for my division is yet to go. Do you intend your order to cause any change to be made in the order of shipment? I have information I deem reliable of the intended meeting of a conscripting party on Saturday morning, which I intend to capture or disperse without interfering with the movement of my command, if no charge is made in the order of shipment.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

