
occupation. To the extent of these necessities, military permits and clearances may be granted for supplies not prohibited by existing orders. The commanding general at Mobile will determine the extent of the trade thus authorized and establish the regulations necessary for controlling it.

V. The present lines of occupation will embrace the counties of Mobile, Washington, Choctaw, Clarke, Wilcox, Monroe, Conecuh, and Baldwin in the State of Alabama, and Greene and Jackson in the State of Mississippi, and so much of West Florida as lies west of the head of Choctawhatchee Bay; and the inhabitants within these lines may freely bring in their produce and take out such supplies as may be required for family use. Cotton, tobacco, and naval stores, except to the extent that they may be required for the use of the use of the army and navy, must be turned over to the quartermaster's department for transportation to the proper agents of the Treasury Department at New York or New Orleans, for sale to the Government, under the eight section of the act of Congress, approved July 2, 1864. Live-stock, marketing, provisions of all kinds, fuel, and other produce and materials required for the army or navy, or for the use of the inhabitants, may be freely sold in open market, but so shipments of any excess can be made, except by delivery to the quartermaster's department, for consignment to a purchasing agent of the Treasury Department. In case of such consignment, bills of lading will be given, and the owner will be permitted to accompany his property, for the purpose of effecting its sale to the purchasing agent.

VI. No trade stores or trade permits for the interior will be authoritized or respected, and no persons will be permitted to pass into the interior for the purpose of trade or speculation; but planters and farmers who may desire to send their produce to market, and find it inconvenient to attend to it in person, may designate one of their number to superintend its sale and take charge of the supplies that are permitted to go out.

VII. The inhabitants of the country are advised to prevent the destruction of their property, under the late law of the rebel Congress, and are guaranteed safe-conduct and protection to such of it as they may be able to bring or send within our lines and for the means of transportation employed in bringing it in.

VIII. These rules apply only to that which is in good faith private property, and any attempt to cover property belonging to the rebel Government or to evade the laws of the United States by fraudulent sales or transfers or other indirect means will work the forfeiture of the whole.

IX. The property of the peaceable and well-disposed inhabitants of the country is placed under the guardianship and protection of this army, and the major-general commanding expects that the laurels it has won in the field will not be tarnished by any acts of outrage, oppression, or insult.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 40. Mobile, Ala., April 21, 1865.

1. Major General F. Steele will at once cause one brigade of General Andrews' division (Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps) to be

