
disembarked and reported by its commanding officer to Major General G. Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, for temporary duty.

2. Captain W. McFarland, Corps of Engineers, having reported in accordance with paragraph 19, Special Orders, Numbers 58. dated February 27, 1865, from these headquarters, will, pending the decision of the War Department as to the confirmation of his assignment as chief engineer of the Sixteenth Army Corps, supervise the field-works constructing at Mobile, Blakely, and Spanish Fort, and other engineering operations in their vicinity. Colonel Cobb, in charge at Mobile, and Major Clarke, in charge on the eastern short, will receive instructions from him.

3. During the progress of the fortifications ordered for the defense of the landing and Government store-houses of this city the service of the Ninety-sixth U. S. Colored, Infantry, Engineer Brigade, will be confined to engineering duty on those fortifications, and the guarding of all property belonging to the engineer department on the western shore of the bay and rivers, and subject to details for no other purpose. The commanding officers of the garrisons ordered for said fortifications will furnish details of officers and men to assist in engineering operations upon them on requisitions of the officers in charge.

4. During the progress of the fortifications ordered for Blakely and Spanish Fort and the demolition of Batteries Huger and Tracy, the service of the Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Engineer Brigade, will be confined to engineering duty on these works under Major A. P. Clarke, and the guarding of all property belonging to the engineer department on the eastern shore of the bay and rivers and subject to details for no other purpose. The commanding officer at the place above mentioned will order details of officers and men from their command to assist in engineering operations within their respective commands upon requisitions by the officers in charge.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nanna Hubba Bluff, Ala., April 21, 1865-2 p. m.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the instructions from the major-general commanding the Thirteenth Army Corps, I moved my division forward from Whistler, Ala., April 19, on the Saint Stephen's road, having first bridges Chickasaw Bayou a mile from Whistler. By easy stages we arrived at this point at 12 m. to-day. Yesterday afternoon, having arrived at Cedar Creek and found the ferry one-quarter of a mile width, I made a detour to the left and found a narrower channel, where a substantial bridge fifty feet in length was constructed in five hours, and the whole command crossed and encamped this side the creek last night. This morning we moved forward in the rain, which has continued up to the present time. Nevertheless, I marched ten miles to this point this forenoon, and now have my whole command and train in camp. I took possession of the arsenal at Mount Vernon and left the Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers and a section of artillery to guard it. The buildings are substantial and extensive, all in good repair, and uninjured by the enemy. Arriving here I found the gun-boat Octarora off this point. I ama advised by Captain Cannon,

