
Point Clieff at Lookout Mountain.-A group of photographers on the cliff. River very high, flooding the low grounds on Moccasin Point, William's Island in the distance. Just beyond the island the river passes through the gap between Walden's Ridge (on the right) and Raccoon Mountain (on the left). In this gap is the Suck. Just below the cliff is the mountain shope up which Hooker's forces made their attack in November, 1863. The rebel batteries and breast-works and timber shashings are faintly visible. Date, March, 1865.*

The Suck (looking down the river). -A steamer being hauled through the canal or chute by a rope and windlass on the shore. This chute is artificial, being formed by an artificial island and a vertical stone retaining wall on the left bank. General Leadbetter caused a large rock to be blown into this canal to destroy it as the rebels were evacuating Chattanooga. It has since been removed by blasting.+

The Suck (from below).-A steamer going up. Walden's Ridge on the right.++

Chattanooga.-Lookout Mountain is in the center of the left section. The building with rounded roof to the left of the center of this section is the Union Railroad Depot, now used as a passenger depot and as a warehouse. In the center of this section are a number of Government store-house. The row of buildings on a hill in the upper part of this section is the general hospital, originally constructed by the rebels, and the only Government buildings put up by them in Chattanooga. On the left extremity of this hills is Forty Lytle. The Tennessee River is faintly visible to the left of Lytle at the point where it strikes Lookout Mountain and turns west. Fort Crutchfield is to the right of Lytle and on the next range to the rear, where this range is cut by the line between the first and second sections of the picture. Lower down on this same line, next to the market-house, now used as an engine house for steam fire-engines, is the warehouse of Captain Keller, assistant quartermaster, the engineer quartermaster; the front and north side are visible. In the center of the second section and on the same range of high ground as Crutchfield, but commanding it, is Fort Mihalotzy. To the right of Mihalotzy is Cameroon Hill proper. Between the two is a gap through which passes the road to the rolling mill, lower saw-mill, and engineer pontoon shops. The last two story house on the left of this road and this side of the gap is the headquarters of the First U. S. Veteran Volunteer Engineers, a building erected by the regiment. On Cameroon Hill are mounted four 100-pounder Parrots, one of them the apex, but no fortification has been constructed. The high and the general-service reservoirs of the water-works are visible on Camneron Hill. The former consists of a single tank, and is located by the side of an excavation which I commenced for a reservoir, but stopped for lack of labor. Just behind the two lower tanks is faintly distinguishable the reserve magazine, of interior capacity 150 by 22 by 11 feet. Each tank will hold 18,000 gallons. The large three story house on the right of the picture (corner of Market and Fourth) is the military prison. Just above it is Fort Carpenter, on the northeast spur of Cameroon Hill. The water-works are in the ravine between Fort Carpenter and Cameroon Hill, and are entirely concealed from view. The top of the smoke-stack is barely distinguishable above the lowest part of the line of the hill between Fort Carpenter and the two lower tanks. All the long one-story

* See Plate CXXIV, view 3, of the Atlas.

+ See Plate CXXIII, view 8, of the Atlas.

++ See Plate CXXIII, view 7, of the Atlas.

