SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 180. Washington, April 22, 1865.

* * * *

86. By direction of the President, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general of the Fourth Army Corps, is hereby transferred to the staff of the Army of the Tennessee.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Bull's Gap, East Tenn., April 22, 1865.

Colonel ALLEN BUCKNER,

Commanding Seventy-ninth Illinois:

The general commanding directs that as soon as your regiment is relieved from duty at this place you proceed with your command to Nashville, Tenn., and rejoin your brigade. You will telegraph these headquarters as soon as you start for Nashville.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. E. JACOBS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Greenville, East Tenn., April 22, 1865.

I. The troops of this command will be shipped by rail for Nashville as soon as transportation arrived, in the following order: Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Beatty; Second Brigade, Colonel McConnell; First Brigade, Colonel Hotchkiss. The officers's horses and pack-mules of regiments will be shipped here, and one wagon and one ambulance for each brigade headquarters. The commanding officers of brigades will on arriving at Nashville inquire for Lieutenant-Colonel Greenwood, inspector-general of this corps, or Captain N. D. Ingraham, of the division staff, for information in regard to camp selected. The command will be in readiness to embark at any time, night or day.

II. Brigade and regimental commanders will be held responsible for the good conduct of their commands, that citizens are not pillaged or interfered with at places halts are made, or that the cars are not cut or injured. The remainder of the transportation will march to-morrow morning for Knoxville, escorted by the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers.

III. Brigade commanders, in addition to supervising the embarkation of their commands themselves, will detail an active and energetic staff officer to remain constantly at the depot to supervise the embarkation and prevent delays, &amp;c.

IV. Brigade commanders will send to Knoxville by the first train one officer from each brigade to look up and have brought to the depot the regimental baggage sent from New Market to Knoxville for storage, in order to have it put aboard the train of the brigade on its arrival at Knoxville. Should they fail to get it aboard the train of the regiment they will see that it is put aboard the trains upon which the transportation will be shipped, and remain with it and bring it through.

