
V. A train for use of this division is expected about 8 o'clock this evening. In loading, the cars must be compactly loaded, but care must be used not to overcrowd them.

By command of Major-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, April 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

General Roddey asks if his men paroled at Selma and Montgomery can return to their homes in North Alabama. Shall I say yes, south of the Tennessee, if they observe parole, abstain from political discussion prejudicial to the United States, and do not discourage others from returning to allegiance?

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

[Answer.]

Yes.

G. H. T.

HUNTSVILLE, April 22, 1865-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

The scout to whom I intrusted the communication for General Wilson at Selma returned night before last to Decatur. The scouts sent with him as escort proved treacherous and attempted to take the dispatch from him. He knocked one from his horse and made his escape, the rest firing on him. The papers go out immediately by the same man escorted by old scouts from this place.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 22, 1865-2.40 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

There is now no organized force in Southwestern Virginia claiming to belong to the Confederacy. I have not heard from General Gillem since I left him at Lenoir. I expect shortly to hear from him, as he will establish a courier-line from Asheville to Greeneville. The railroad is not in running order beyond Bull's Gap. The transportation corps declines to repair it from that point to Greeneville and consequently we have to haul supplies to Jonesborough and beyond. I will send forces to Carter's Depot and Kingsport if I hear of any disturbers of the peace in those sections. I can hear of no guerrilla parties likely to disturb Tillson. Both he and the cavalry are instructed if possible to keep up communication with each other. The cavalry is also instructed if feasible to communicate with Wilson at Macon, Ga. If you have any instructions to send him I may be able to get them through. The most perfect quiet exists throughout East Tennessee, except now and then a private difficulty.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

