
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 24. Knoxville, Tenn., April 22, 1865.

The major-general commanding having returned from the field, Colonel H. G. Gibson, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the duty at these headquarters to which he was assigned by General Orders, Numbers 21, current series, from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Sherman:

G. M. BASCOM

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENEVILLE, April 22, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

About seventy-five cavalry reported here this p. m. from Major Lawson's command, which has been serving with me. I sent them forward under Major Dyer, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, with orders to aid Captain McCoy in opening communication with General Gillem. From what I can learn from officers of the Fourth Corps, I am led to believe that after the brigade sent to capture Asheville returned, the enemy blockaded the road from Warm Springs toward Ashevill. I shall send 300 of the freshest infantry I have, and a strong pioneer corps with axes, at daylight in the morning to assist the cavalry. If Colonel Kirk arrives this p. m., as I expect, I shall send him in charge of the expedition. A train has arrived to take the headquarters of Fourth Corps to Knoxville in the morning. Unless the general otherwise directs, I shall accompany them.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 18. In the Field, Greeneville, Tenn., April 22, 1865.

I. Major Dyer, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, will report to Major Lawson, Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers, commanding detachments of cavalry serving with this division, immediately, to assume command of all the detachments of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers operating with the troops of this division in the field.

* * * *

IV. Major Dyer, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, will proceed to Asheville, N. C., in command of detachments of cavalry serving with this command, to open communications with General Gillem. Upon the completion of this duty he will return and report to these headquarters to carry out the instructions already received.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

E. W. S. NEFF,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

