HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 22, 1865.

ACHILLES NELSON,

District Provost-Marshal, Russell County, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of 17th and 18the instant. One company mounted men, of Major Bridgewater's battalion, State troops, have been ordered to Jamestown, Ky., for the purpose of scouting Russell County. They haver orders to be in Jamestown by Monday next, 24th instant. The company of State troops organizing in your county should make proper requisition on Captain Murrah, assistant quartermaster, for the State, at Lebanon, Ky. I presume he can furnish them with what they may need. I have labored zealously for the last two years to give all parties of the country bordering on the Cumberland River ample and necessary protection. To some extent I have succeed, though laboring under many disadvantages. There has been no wish on my part not to give Russell County troops the facilities for carrying out my wishes as regards the protection of your portion of the State. They have, however, by dint of exertion succeeded for the third time in organizing troops for State defense, and hope soon to restore quiet and order throughout my division of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant;

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT STERLING, KY., April 22, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There will probably be a raid on Paris within a short time for the purpose of burning the bridge and robbing the banks, &amp;c. It will not be a very large force-merely a dash

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Major, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 31. Mobile, Ala., April 22, 1865.

Commanders of departments, army corps, and other independent commands are authorized to grant furloughs on surgeon's certificate of disability under the following circumstances: First, to meritorious enlisted men sick in hospital who will be unfit for duty for sixty days; second, to enlisted men wounded in battle who will be unfit for duty for thirty days or longer; third, to enlisted men whose terms of service expire within forty days and will not be fit for duty in the field within that period. On the furloughs of these men will be noted an order for them to report at the expiration of their terms of service to the mustering-out at the place of their enlistment.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

