
THREE MILES AND A HALF SOUTH OF CHEROKEE, ALA.,

March 21, 1865.

Major BEAUMONT:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, the following intelligence:

First. The only road that can be traveled by our trains in crossing the mountains is Barton Station and Frankfort. The Can Creek and The Cherokee roads are almost impassable for cavalry alone.

Second. there is no forage between the railroad and Russellville. The only forage to be found in the country is on Big Bear and south of it, or west on the road leading from Buzzard Roost through Allsborough to Burleson. That road is in excellent order for traveling. A man who left Roddey five days ago says his (Roddey's) command is near Tuscaloosa. There is nothing in this vicinity but scouts. My informant is a reliable man, known by my scouts. He also has papers from several of our generals. I will scout down through the country around Rock Creek to-morrow.

I am, &amp;c.,

ROYS,

Commanding Scouts.

CHICKASAW, March 21, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

According to directions of General Wilson, I have to inform you that his command took the march this morning.

E. B. CARLING,

Captain, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 56. Chickasaw, March 21, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Bvt. Major James W. Latta, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to the brevet major-general commanding, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 102, from the War Department, is hereby assigned to duty with the Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, and will report to Brevet Major-General Upton.

* * * * *

V. Captain Ed. Dale, commissary of subsistence, First Division Cavalry, will in addition to his present duties perform the duties of chief commissary of subsistence, Cavalry Corps. All reports required of subsistence officers will be made to him.

* * * * *

VII. Subject to the approval of the President of the United States, and for the bedefit of the service, Bvt. Brigadier General E. F. Winslow is assigned to duty with his brevet rank, to command the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

