
promptly reported to these headquarters, if deemed important. Four or saw 30-pounder Parrots will be forwarded you without delay, and such other material and means as you may require.

Very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mount Vernon Arsenal, Ala., April 22, 1865.

Colonel H. M. DAY,

Ninety-first Ill, Infty., Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 13th Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a negro man giving his name as John Gambler and calming to belong to a settlement of colored persons, made free some years since under the operations of the laws of this State, represents that a party of some eight or ten rebels has infested their neighborhood for the last ten days, destroying their property and running off their horses and stock; that they were seen in the neighborhood this morning, and that they a force of some 2,000 men in Citronelle, a railroad station some twenty miles northwest of this. I think he must mistaken as to the number, though be is quite an intelligent fellow, and on being closely questioned speaks with much assurance. He say's Citronelle is the point at which they stop all the cars going south, not permitting them to go any nearer to Mobile. He proposes to act as guide in case we wish to send out a force. The settlement in which he resides is about four miles distant. I have deemed it proper to lay the facts before General Benton through you. I took possession of the warehouse and wharf at the landing this evening; found them in good order and gave Captain Gardner, of my regiment, with his company, charge of them. I found no cotton or other produce in the vicinity. I instructed Captain G. to examine the adjacent country carefully to-morrow and to take possession of anything of the kind he might find and report the facts to me.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. BENTON, JR.,

Colonel Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Greenville, Ala., April 22, 1865.

The major-general commanding directs that the troops of this corps will take up the line of march to-morrow (23rd), taking the old Stage road to Montgomery in the following order: First, First Division, at 6 a. m.; second, pontoniers, at 6 a. m.; third, Second Division, at 7.30 a. m.; fourth, Third Division, at 7 a. m.; taking charge of supply train.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., April 22, 1865.

Major W. H. MORGAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 102, from your headquarters, I proceeded as follows: By steamer John Raine and barges, Fourth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry

