
(250 men), Major Search; Third U. S. Colored Cavalry (250 men), Lieutenant-Colonel Cook; by steamers Sallied List Dove, and Pocahontas, Eleventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry (200 men), Major Davis. Disembarking the Third U. S. Colored Cavalry at Randolph, Lieutenant-Colonel Cook proceeded, via Covington, to Brownsville Landing, capturing one- Wilcox, alias J. M. Luxton, who was in command of seven others, whom he was unable to capture. He could not reach Brownsville Landing, the country being flooded. Lieutenant Colonel Funke, in command of the troops sent up Hatchie River, proceeded up the Hatchie River, but the being unwieldy, pilots not acquainted with the river, made but little progress, and in order to reach Brownsville Landing to co-operate with the Fourth Illinois Cavalry he disembarked at Van Buren's Landing, marching from there to Brownsville, arriving there on the 21st. The Fourth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Major Search, disembarked at Fulton, which place was reached on the 19th at 12 p. m. At 3 p. m. the command moved to Brownsville, reaching that place at daylight on the 20th, capturing at that place nine prisoners (as per inclosed roll of prisoners of war) and Colonel B. J. Lea, Captain E. J. Martin, commissary of substitence, and Lieutenant S. M. Russell. The Fourth and Eleventh Illinois returned to Fulton in the afternoon of the 22nd and embarked. The Sylph and Annie E, with Dove, Pocahontas, and Sallied List arrived at mouth of Hatchie River at about the same time. Arriving at Randolph, Wilcox, alias Luxton, was tried by drum-head court-martial (inclosed please find proceedings), and at 6.30 was by my order hung by the neck until he was dead, and left hanging as a warning to his brethren in crime. The command arrived at Memphis with total loss of one man accidentally wounded and left. Eight horses died from buffalo gnats, and gained on the expedition twelve horses. People of the country were extremely friendly, and those in the vicinity of Brownsville can hereafter, in my opinion, take care of themselves. I am under obligations to the commanding officers of gun-boats 57 and 58 for valuable assistance.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 23, 1865-10 a. m. (Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Was the arrangement between Generals Sherman and Johnston the same as that between Generals Grant and Lee? I have, by authority, offered General Grant's terms to Dick Taylor and to the commanding general in Northern Georgia. Guerrilla bands also desire to surrender.

Am I authorized to grant any terms/

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 23, 1865-9 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Nashville:

The arrangement between General Sherman and Johnston was not in accordance with that between Generals Grant and Lee. General Sherman assumed authority not vested in him to arrange terms of peace, and was disapproved upon many grounds. The agreement has

