
been published in the newspapers. The following, among other grounds of objection, are made to General Sherman's arrangement:

1. It was an exercise of authority not vested in General Sherman, and on its face shows that both he and Johnston knew that General Sherman had no authority to enter into any such arrangement.

2. It was a practical acknowledgment of the rebel Government.

3. It undertook to re-establish the rebel State governments that had been overthrown at the sacrifice of many thousand loyal lives and immense treasure, and placed the arms and munitions of war in the hands of the rebels at their respective capitals, which might be used as soon as the armies of the United Stated were disbanded, and used to conquer and subdue to loyal States.

4. By the restoration of the rebel authority in their respective States they would be enabled to re-establish slavery.

5. It might furnish a ground of responsibility by the Federal Government to pay the rebel debt, and certainly subjects the loyal citizens of rebel States to the debt contracted by rebels in the name of the States.

6. It would put in dispute the existence of loyal State governments, and the new State of West Virginia, which has been recognized by every department of the United States Government.

7. It practically abolished the confiscation laws, and relieved the rebels of every degree who had slaughtered our people from all pains and penalties for their crimes.

8. It gave terms that had been deliberately, repeatedly, and solemnly rejected by President Lincoln, and better terms than the rebels had ever asked in their most prosperous condition.

9. If formed no basis of true and lasting peace, but relieved the rebels from the pressure of our victories, and left them in condition to renew their efforts to overthrow the United States Government and subdue the loyal States whenever their strength was recruited and nay opportunity should offer.

The terms you have been authorized by General Grant to make, if you can do no better, will be acceded to in respect to Dick Taylor. Guerrillas are entitled to nothing but powder and ball. Hancock is hunting down Mosby. But on the question how much grace you can safely offer them upon unconditional surrender I would be disposed to leave to your judgment, within the limits of Grant's terms.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[APRIL 23, 1865.-For Sherman to Johnston, relating to Wilson's operations, and transmitting letter of instructions to latter, see Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 286.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 61. Macon, Ga., April 23, 1865.

I. Captain E. B. Carling, chief quartermaster of the Cavalry Corps, will proceed at once to these headquarters on the most direct route, with supplies of clothing and other stores for the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. He will procure funds to purchase forage contracted for by the acting chief quartermaster; make arrangements for the transportation of quartermaster's supplies to Macon or other point where the Cavalry Corps may be stationed.

