
II. Captain W. W. Barker, chief commissary of the Cavalry Corps, will proceed at once to these headquarters with supplies of small rations for the troops. He will procure funds to pay for rations contracted for by the acting, chief commissary.

III. Brigadier General Eli Long, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby authorized to proceed to Louisville, Ky., for medical treatment. He will be accompanied by Lieutenant Deering, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and four attendants. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

IV. Captain L. M. Hosea, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, and acting aide-de-camp, will proceed with dispatch to Major-General Sherman's headquarters and to Nashville, Tenn., on public business connected with the Cavalry Corps. Having accomplished this duty Captain Hosea will return with as little delay as practicable.

V. Captain M. M. Pool, volunteer aide-de-camp, is hereby relieved from duty with the brevet major-general at his own request. The brevet major-general returns his thanks to Captain Pool for his zeal and faithful discharge of the duties intrusted to him. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to Washington, D. C.

* * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 23, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, Raleigh, N. C.;

In compliance with instructions by telegraph thorough General J. E. Johnston, I have the honor to send to your headquarters Captain L. M. Hosea, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry and acting aide-de-camp of my staff. I have conferred fully with him as to the status of affairs here under the armistice; he, therefore, can give you all the necessary information. I have also sent you communications through the telegraph, but have received no notice of their having reached you. Be good enough to send me definite instructions for my future government, and make the necessary arrangements for forwarding to me supplies of small stores and clothing. I have directed Captain Hosea to see my chief quartermaster and commissary before returning and give them such instructions, after conference with you, as may be necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 15 Macon, Ga., April 23, 1865.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI:

According to the advise of the surgeon I leave you for a time; how long I am unable to say. I do not feel like separating myself from you, possibly forever, without in a few parting words expressing my entire and heartfelt gratification at your gallant and soldierly conduct since I

