
have had the honor and good fortune to command, but particularly so in the present campaign. During the first portion of the march unfortunate circumstances placed you in the rear of the corps, thus rendering your labors, extremely arduous by having to travel roads originally bad, but rendered miserable by the passage of other troops in your advance. By your untiring energy and hard work you, however, overcame these difficulties and arrived in front of Selma, garrisoned by a strong force under command of General Forrest, in time to administer to him and his command, behind almost impregnable works, one of the most complete and sever castigations received by any command during this war. Of the circumstances and details of this fight, with which you are all familiar, it is unnecessary for me to speak. It was, however, the turning point-the decisive fight of the campaign. The nature of the works assaulted, the character and number of troops behind those works, which numbers, according to admissions of their commander, General Forrest himself, under a flag of truce, exceeded your own, and the number of pieces of artillery in position, are facts which show beyond controversion that this feat has been equaled by none accomplished by cavalry during this war, and excelled but in a few instances by infantry. Having naturally no love for war, and if it should be my fortune, as I hope it may be, never again to hear the fire of a gun in battle, I shall consider that it is honor enough to last me the remainder of my life to have had the honor to command you on that occasion. Whether or not all or any portion of us may meet again, I shall watch your career with interest, and my prayers shall be for your welfare and happiness. To all and each of you, for the present at lest, I bid an affectionate farewell.

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Numbers 12. Tullahoma, Tenn., April 23, 1865.

* * * *

II. The commanding officer of the Twenty-ninth Michigan Volunteer Infantry will relieve the men of the One hundred and sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on duty at block-houses Nos. 29 and 34, inclusive, by details from his own regiment, being four commissioned officers and ninety-eight enlisted men. The block-house will be garrisoned by the same number of officers and men as at present.

III. The detachments of the One hundred and sixt Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry garrisoned at block-houses 29 and 34, inclusive, will, when relieved by the Twenty-night Michigan Infantry, proceed to Stevenson, Ala., and join the regiment for duty.

IV. The Twenty-ninth Michigan Infantry, Colonel Thomas Saylor commanding, and the Forty-Third Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Amasa Cobb commanding, will hereafter compose the Third Brigade, First Sub-District of Middle Tennessee. Colonel Amasa Cobb, Forty-third Wisconsin Infantry, is hereby placed in command of said brigade, headquarters at Decherd. All reports and returns heretofore made through Brevet Brigadier-General Krzyzanowski will hereafter be made through Colonel Cobb.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

