
open communication with General Gillem, at Asheville, N. C. Upon the completion of this duty he will return and report to these headquarters.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

E. W. S. NEFF,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, April 23, 1865.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Department of Kentucky:

The rebel forces spoken of have refused to accept the conditions of Lee's surrender. I have just started with my command to bring them vi et armies.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

NEW ORLEANS, April 23, 1865.

(Received May 1.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding &c.:

Spanish Fort was captured on the 10th [8th], Blakely on the 11th [9th], and Mobile occupied on the 13th [12th]. Major General A. J. Smith, with 14,000 men, moved on the 13th, by land, for Selma and Montgomery. Major General Frederick Steele, with 12,000, by water, on the 20th instant, taking with him supplies for General Smith's and for Wilson's troops. I heard from Wilson on the 12th, and endeavored to communicate with him. Major General Gordon Granger, with two division of his corps, and 2,000 cavalry, will operate from Mobile west of the Tombigbee; Grierson, with 4,000 cavalry, to the east of Montgomery, in the direction of Columbus and Macon, Ga. The results are about 5,000 prisoners, 12 flags, nearly 300 pieces of artillery, and large stores of material. Our loss will be less than, 1,500 in killed and wounded and missing.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 40. New Orleans, La., April 23, 1865.

The following General Field Order is republished for the information of all concerned:

GENERAL HDQRS. ARMY AND DIV. FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 32. Mobile, Ala., April 22, 1865.

The major-general commanding thinks it proper to announce as the general results of the operations around this city: The capture of the enemy's works at Spanish Fort and Blakely, the surrender of Mobile, the capture of more than 5,000 prisoners, 12 flags, nearly 300 pieces of artillery, several thousand stand of small-arms, and large stores of ammunition and other material of war. It is his province to report results, that of a higher authority to bestow appropriate commendations and rewards; but it is not improper to express his personal thanks to the officers and men of this army for their zeal, energy, and to the officers and men of the navy for their hearty and zealous co-operation in the work that has been accomplished. He begs that the Sabbath next ensuing the receipt of this order may be made the occasion of

