
indicate that as the proper site for the work ordered. I anticipate a speedy and considerable fall of water in these creeks. I forward to-day to Captain McAlester requisitions for necessary tools and materials. Three hundred cavalry, or thereabouts, of the enemy are reported at Citronelle, under Lieutenant-Colonel Spence. Refugees report General Maury sent to Texas and replaced by General GIbson; the Confederate forces, with their boats, endeavoring to reach Columbus, Miss., at this unusual stage of water; and Wilson leaving Montgomery suddenly and starting for Columbus, Ga. These rumors are unconfirmed, and there seems to be some confusion between Columbus, Miss., and Columbus, Ga.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nanna Hubba Bluff, Ala., April 23, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to inform you that in order to carry out the instructions given it will be necessary to move my command to McIntosh Bluff, ten miles above here. There are two very wide and deep creeks this side of the bluff, which cannot be crossed without pontoons. I therefore respectfully request that 150 feet of pontoon bridge be sent me by transport to enable me to cross these creeks. I will await their arrival at this point. Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey and Lieutenant Sargent were here to-day, and the colonel has gone above on a gun-boat to select the point to be fortified.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. Nanna Hubba Bluff, Ala., April 23, 1865.

On account of the astounding and heartrending intelligence of the death of Abraham Lincoln, President, and William H. Seward, Secretary of State, of the United States, all duties, excepting the necessary guard duties, will to-day be suspended in this command. A dirge will be performed by the band in each regiment, commencing on the right of the division with the cornet band of the Seventy-seventh Illinois, to be followed successively by the bands upon the left, each commencing at the conclusion of that on its right, throughout the division.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Benton:

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nanna Hubba Bluff, Ala., April 23, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS H. BENTON, Jr.,

Commanding Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers:

The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inform you that you will occupy and protect the arsenal at Mount Vernon until further

29 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

