
orders. You will draw rations for your command from Captain D. K. Hall, commissary of subsistence. No supplies have been received as yet from Mobile, but they are expected to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Ala., April 23, 1865.

The major-general commanding directs that the troops of this corps will take up the line of march to-morrow (24th) in the following order: First Second Division at 6 a. m., second, pontoniers at 6 a. m., third, Third Division at 6.30 a. m., fourth, First Division at 9 a. m., in charge of supply train. And also directs that each division commander order the loading of his wagons with corn as much as possible, as there will be none to get the day following.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose copy of letter just received from General Clanton stating that he will be at Macon on Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock, ready to embark for Barrancas. At the same, time, the within statements were given to me by Henry W. Allen, of Milton, and JOs. Hearsey, of the schooner Admiral Farragut, showing that the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, is collecting at Pollard under command of Captain Main, and that Captain Keyser will be at Milton with 100 rebel cavalry. From all I have heard of General Clanton, I cannot believe that he would consent to be retaken by the rebels in a way unbecoming a soldier and a gentleman, yet I will all precaution, and endeavor not only to bring him in safely, but also to capture the 100 men. I have no steamer here at present, but as soon as the Matamoras returns from up the sound, or the Planter from Mobile Bay, I will act promptly by making use of the cavalry detachments still here, as the order relative to their departure alluded to by you at Mobile has not yet been received. General T. Kilby, Smith, commanding District of South Alabama, informed me at Mobile, Ala., that he had sent a light battery of four pieces to Barrancas according to orders received from your headquarters; the battery, however, has not yet arrived.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

POLLARD, April 22, 1865.

[Brigadier General A. ASBOTH:]

GENERAL: On Saturday, the 24th of last month, I was severely wounded and captured by Major-General Steele, U. S. Army. On the

