
26th I was paroled to report at Barrancas, and left with four others of my command wounded near this place. I have sufficiently recovered to travel, and have the promise of conveyance as far as Milton, and will be at that place next Wednesday at 9 o'clock, ready to embark on the first boat to Barrancas. One of the wounded left with me has died; another, shot through the knee, disabled for life. The other two will accompany me down, if they can procure conveyance and are able to travel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. CLANTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] Statement of Henry W. Allen, from Milton, Fla.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 23, 1865.

Came in to take the oath of allegiance, and reports that the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, under command of Captain Main, are collecting at Pollard for reorganization, preparatory to joining General Forrest's command. Allen left Milton yesterday. Saw no rebel soldiers in town, but knew that about twenty men of the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry were between Milton and Pollard.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] Statement of Jos. Hearsey, of the schooner Admiral Farragut, collecting logs for the navy.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 23, 1865.

Left Milton at 10 o'clock this morning; saw the rebel Captain Keyser, who told him he had 100 armed men near Milton, and they would be in town to-night, and that he had better leave as soon as he could. Do not know what he intended doing.

[APRIL 24, 1865.-For General Orders, Numbers 73, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, embodying opinion of the Attorney-General relative to questions arising from terms of surrender of the Confederate forces, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 918.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 107. Nashville, Tenn., April 24, 1865.

* * * * * *

V. Colonel C. J. Dilworth, Eighty-fifth Illinois Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty in the District of the Etowah, and will report for duty to Major General J. M. Palmer, commanding Department of Kentucky.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

