
supervision of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch. This order remains in force until a post commander has been appointed for the city of Mobile.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Mobile, Ala., April 24, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have information from Meridian as late as the evening of the 21st instant. There was scarcely any force at Meridia; everything in excitement and confusion. Forrest has gone to Macon, Miss.; Maury, with 2,000 men, is at Cuba Station; has been much abused for "the disgraceful surrender of Mobile." Dick Taylor wished and intended to make an effort to join Joe Johnston, but Forrest and his men refused to leave Mississippi. This was before he was aware of the movements against Selma and Montgomery. General Wilson went east from Montgomery, striking for Columbus, Macon, &amp;c., Ga. I think orders should be sent Steele to move on Demopolis as rapidly as possible. It is their last depot of supplies. I shall push Benton's cavalry across from Nanna Hubba Bluff and strike the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at Deer Park, in order to pick up a small rebel picket and railroad stock at Citronelle and Chunchula. That spy, Curell, is back again, pretending to have business, but did not bring a line from Dick Taylor. I hope you will shut down on all such barefaced espionage.

Yours, truly,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general has authorized the Central Railroad Company to open the road. You will place a guard at the depot to examine passes granted to citizens, to inspect baggage, and protect property. This road will be used for passenger travel and for transportation of supplies for the troops and citizens. Appoint a reliable and efficient officer as acting provost-marshal at the depot in East Macon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. G. VAIL,

Commanding Post, Macon, Ga.:

COLONEL: It has been intimated to the brevest major-general that the officers under your command have circulated a report to the effect

