
that Confederate officers on parole are to be assembled every morning and the roll called. The general has not credited the report, but should there be any foundation for it, he desires that you will at once countermand any such order. Officers on parole in this city are upon their honor not to abuse it, and must not be treated as prisoners under guard. The brevet major-general directs that you send out of the city all citizens and negroes who do not belong or reside here.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, NORTH GEORGIA,Atlanta, April 24, 1865.

Major General JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 18th instant has been received. You will please inform General Thomas that there is no truth in the information he has received of an expedition being fitted out in upper Georgia for the purpose of making a raid on the railroad communications between Chattanooga and Knoxville; that there are a number of bad men in the upper counties who have refused or neglected to obey my orders, but that instructions have been given to my officers on outpost duty to arrest and disarm all bodies of men going toward the Federal lines. In answer to the proposition for the surrender of the forces under my command, I beg leave to say that, knowing the condition of things as I do, I am of the opinion that it is to the interest of the Government of the United States, as well as necessary for the protection of the citizens of upper Georgia, that my organization retain its present status.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. WOFFORD.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND SEPARATE DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Dalton, Ga., April 24, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith a communication from General Wofford, C. S. Army, received this morning.* I forbear comment upon it. As a matter of course, I have made no reply. At the time General Wofford wrote he had not received General Steedman's proposition for surrender which I forwarded on the 20th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, NORTH GEORGIA,Atlanta, April 24, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 20th instant inclosing one from Major-General Steedman has been received. I have forwarded to

---------------

*See April 20. p. 418.

---------------

