
you by Mr. Harris a copy of a letter received from Major-General Cobb, indorsed by General Wilson, giving me official information of an armistice between Generals Sherman and Johnston, which I hope has reached you.* In answer to the proposition to surrender the forces under my command I would respectfully suggest that a moment's reflection will enable General Thomas (when he is informed of the true condition of affairs in this section) to see the importance of the organization under my command remaining for the present, or until the civil officers shall be able to enforce the laws of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. WOFFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 24, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

The terms of surrender of Johnston to Sherman have been disapproved by the President, and Sherman is ordered to push his military advantages. Direct your cavalry to act in concert and do all in its power to bring Johnston to better terms. Give Gillem a leave of absence to come to Nashville to attend the session of the Legislature.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 93. Knoxville, Tenn., April 24, 1865.

* * * * *

V. Colonel Joseph H. Parsons, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, will turn over the command of the camp at Cantonment Springs to the senior officer present, and will take command of his regiment.

VI. The Ninth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers will move to-morrow, the 25th instant, to Rogersville Junction. The commanding officer will report in person without delay to these headquarters for instructions.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Knoxville, Tenn., April 24, 1865.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Commanding First Cavalry Division, Dept. of the Cumberland:

DEAR SIR: I have just received a telegram from General Thomas informing me that the terms of surrender of Johnston to Sherman have been disapproved by the President, and Sherman is ordered to push his military advantages. The cavalry under your command will do all in its power to bring Johnston to better terms. For this purpose the

---------------

*See April 21, p. 428.

---------------

