
object mentioned: Two 10-pounder Parrott guns, with carriages, limbers, caissons, implements, &amp;c., complete, and all the captured serviceable ammunition of the caliber at Blakely. Two 12-pounder bronze field guns (reported in serviceable condition), with carriages, caissons, implements, and equipments, complete, and all the captured serviceable ammunition belonging already at Spanish Fort. Two 12-pounder bronze field howitzers, with carriages, limbers, caissons, implements, and equipments, complete, and 200 rounds of assorted ammunition complete for each gun. The howitzers, carriages, limbers, implements, &c., are at Blakely, and part of the ammunition also. The remainder is to be found at Spanish Fort. The major-general commanding directs that all the guns, &c., above mentioned not already at Spanish Fort be at once sent there from Blakely, and that the whole armament, ammunition, &c., be sent up to the field-work in process of preparation at Spanish Fort, and the guns carefully parked there, and the ammunition securely stored in the magazine of the work. The armament above mentioned is entirely distinct from and not intended to interfere in any way with that already ordered and set apart for the new field-work being prepared by the engineer department near Brickyard Landing, at Blakely. As soon as the guns, carriages, ammunition, &c., intended for the armament of the field work at Spanish Fort are deposited at the work, you are requested to report the fact to the undersigned, and then instructions will be sent you as to what point the remaining captured ordnance and ordnance stores at Blakely and Spanish Fort are to be shipped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

MOBILE, ALA., April 24, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

Commanding at Nanna Hubba Bluff:

GENERAL: At Citronelle, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, about eighteen miles southwest of your present position, is a rebel picket of some eighty men, under Colonel Spence, three locomotives, and some cars. At Chunchula, twelve miles below, is another engine and other railroad stock. All the above mentioned pickets and property must be captured. For this object I send you 250 cavalry; this with what you have with you will be made ready at once, and by a night's march endeavor to surprise Citronelle at daylight, capture Colonel Spence and command, and then move down the railroad to Chunchula, thence to Whistler. It may perhaps be well to strike the railroad simultaneously at or near Deer Park, so as to prevent the escape of any trains below. Another column will leave Spring Hill on Wednesday morning for Leakesville to cut Spence off in case he retreats in that direction. I will try to send up an engine on Thursday to assist in hauling down such railroad stock as your cavalry may succeed in capturing.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I do not wish the railroad destroyed unless it should be absolutely necessary to save the command, prevent the escape of the rebels, or save the railroad property captured.

G. G.

