
arrives you will have one more regiment than you originally had, and which you thought sufficient for the defense of your district. No more can be spared you, but the remainder of the new regiments must be prepared for the field.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

DALTON, March 21, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE:

I sent 320 men last night under Lieutenant-Colonel Snow, One hundred and fifty-first Illinois, and hear from him at Ringgold this morning, since which I can get nothing from him or hear of anything unusual on the line. The dispatch you just sent was [received] by Colonel Sickles, who happening to be at the telegraph office took the great liberty of replying to it in my name. He is right in that I have no locomotive or train, but I have given orders to march up the guard at once. If the rebels are in any force the commanding officer at Tunnel Hills should send me a courier as ordered, and, if necessary, probably will.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, March 21, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report, for the information of yourself and Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, that my whole command is on the road, and that the advance will be at Morristown, fifty miles from here, to-day. It is a long, rough, and bad road where we are going, and every precaution and care has been and must continue to be taken in order that our horses may not be broken down in the first part, which is over a country destitute of subsistence. I will keep you advised as long as I am within range of the telegraph or courier communication.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Knoxville, Tenn., March 21, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER SEVENTH TENNESSEE INFTY. VOLS.,

Athens, Tenn.:

SIR: You will proceed with all the effective armed force of your regiment from Athens, Tenn., and distribute it at the several passes through the mountains east of that place. All enlisted men not armed will be left at Athens under charge of a commissioned officer, who will report to Captain W. H. H. Crowell, Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, commanding post at Athens. With your effective force you will take measures to guard the mountain passes mentioned, and to prevent the incursions of guerrilla bands, and will be held responsible for any failure to do so. You must enforce strict discipline in your command, and under no circumstances permit the men to leave their companies, or to straggle in the march or from their camps, and all depredations and all cases of absence without authority of the major-general commanding the

