
DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE AND GEORGIA,

Macon, April 25, 1865.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Federal Forces, Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: In answer to your verbal proposition of yesterday on the subject of the prisoners held by you, who have been captured in this department, I submit this communication: The officers and men captured by you in this department, which includes the prisoners taken at Columbus and West Point, shall be put upon their general parole not to go into service again during the war, unless regularly exchanged. The parole of the officers and men taken at Macon is subject to the condition that the parole is binding if the capture is held to be legal; but if my protest is sustained, and the capture of Macon held to be unauthorized, the officers and men are relieved from the obligation of the parole. A portion of the garrison here consists of convalescents and invalids, who cannot leave, and I feel bound to provide for their support during your occupation of the place. I am sure you will not hesitate to guarantee such provision for them as is demanded by the dictates of humanity and justice. Those officers and men who reside here, even temporarily, may desire to remain, at least until the armistice is at an end, and I mention the fact that there may be no misapprehension on the subject. I have no hesitation in saying that the general paroles of these officers and men, under the circumstances, will be recognized by our authorities.

I am, general, very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 25, 1865.

Major General HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector-General of Georgia, Milledgeville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, and in reply to say that the paroled prisoners from General Lee's army have been permitted to pass through my lines to their homes. All others that may arrive will be allowed the same privilege. I have no objection to your sending the train of which you speak to its destination, but to the contrary, a desire to have you do so. In view of the armistice and the probability of an early peace, I am anxious to do all in my power to prevent suffering among the people. I have directed the resumption of business of every kind, opening of the roads, and a continuance of the mails. I will gladly co-operate with you in dispensing with all unnecessary restrictions. General Sherman has directed me to supply my command by contracting for provisions and forage in Georgia. General Cobb has kindly given me his assistance. Will you be good enough to lend your influence and advice to the people, in order that they may have confidence and sell to my supply departments. Captain Page will explain more fully my views upon the question alluded to herein. It would afford me great pleasure to meet you in person at any time and place convenient to yourself.

With high regard, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

