
body of your forces until you receive my reply to the following propositions, viz: First. You propose a cessation of hostilities for an indefinite period of time, to be renewed only upon a notice of ten days by either party. For reasons which it is unnecessary for me to enumerate, this proposition is decidedly declined. Second. You propose to establish your headquarters at Calhoun or near the Ooostenaula River. Claiming the right to establish my own headquarters wherever its location is ordered or I may deem it advisable, I respectfully decline to compromise that right by a compliance with your proposition. Third. You desire to send in, through, and beyond my lines guards from your forces (now in armed rebellion against the United States) for the purpose of enforcing obedience to the laws of Georgia (a State which claims to belong to a Government at war with or in rebellion against the United States.) The very extraordinary character of this proposition may be illustrated by enumerating as among the laws of Georgia you propose to enforce within the military jurisdiction of the United States one organizing the militia of Georgia, and calling your attention to a proclamation of Governor Brown of the 17th instant, contained in a newspaper you were so kind as to forward me, ordering out this militia force to operate against U. S. forces under General Wilson about to enter the State of Georgia. These propositions indicate upon your part a desire for the pacification of your State and relief for its citizens from the miseries and sufferings they are enduring; but I regret to add they are evasive as to the only means by which such a result can be obtained. Those means are embraced in the proposition for the surrender of your forces which I forwarded to you on the 20th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, TENN., April 25, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received information that a rebel force under command of a brigadier-general, numbering about 1,500 men, is south of Catoosa River, about forty miles from this place. Can I go with a couple of regiments to attack the same?

FELIX PR. SALM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

DALTON, April 25, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Your dispatch mentions Catoosa River. Can't find it. Did you mean Coosa, which would place the reported force not far from here? A gentleman reached here this evening, a Mr. Holmes, who will report to you to-morrow, who left Atlanta on Sunday. General Wofford was still here. Colonel Merrill will send a reconnaissance toward Catoosa Springs in the morning.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

