
have the harness turned in to the ordnance department, and make such disposition of the horses as he may deem best.

* * * * *

VI. Battery E, First Tennessee Light Artillery, is hereby assigned to the Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland. The commanding officer of the battery of the battery will at once report by letter to the commanding officer of artillery of said division.

VII. Battery E, First Tennessee Light Artillery, is temporarily detached from the Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland, and assigned to the Cavalry Division, District of East Tennessee, Brigadier General A. C. Gillem commanding. The battery will be reported by General Gillem as attached.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PADUCAH, KY., April 25, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Fearing that in the reduction of the army consequent on our recent victories that a change may be made in the district of Western Kentucky, we beg most respectfully and earnestly to say that General S. Meredith has given wonderful satisfaction here, and has conducted the affairs of this district with signal ability and success, and has produced the happiest results, which promise soon to restore this once disaffected region to full loyalty. We are now entering on one of the most important political canvasses ever known in this State. We regard it as essential to the well-being of this State and people that we should carry the next Legislature, to be elected first Monday in August for the constitutional amendment, and it is also important that we carry the Congressmen. If General Meredith is left in command we have every confidence of success; his popularity, influence, and sagacity will secure this; but if he is taken away, we feel that no other who is likely to be sent to us will give us either the military protection or be able to do us the political good he can and will; or, if we are left without military protection, the loyal men will be ruined. Judge Williams will be in Washington in some ten days, and can more fully inform you.

Respectfully,

R. K. WILLIAMS,

Judge Appellate Court of Kentucky.

LU. ANDERSON,

Late Member of Congress from First District of Kentucky.

C. S. MARSHALL,

Judge First Circuit Court, Judicial District of Kentucky.

LEXINGTON, April 25, 1865.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Following just received from Mount Sterling:

I have a flag of truce. The object of the flag is to ascertain the terms of surrender. They claim to have waged an honorable warfare and will have honorable terms or

