
none. Said to be about 1,000 to 1,500 men. The officer in command of flag in Major Chenoweth, and the dispatches signed H. L. Giltner, colonel, commanding division. Answer immediately.

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Major, Commanding.

They want to come into Mount Sterling with flag. I have forbidden it, and directed to keep out strong pickets, and also no citizens to communicate. What terms will you allow them? Answer immediately.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 25, 1865-11 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Reliable information has just been received that the rebels in Canada are again plotting an attack on frontier cities, and probably to release the prisoners Johnson's Island. You will please take every precaution and cause the officers in your command to be vigilant in guarding against any attack that may be made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 25, 1865-5 p.m.

(Received 1 p.m. May 1.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 17th has just been received. I came over from Mobile for the purpose of making the preparations directed in your order and in anticipation of it. I want light-draft sea going steamers for service on the Gulf coast. The Quartermaster-General does not appreciate the importance of these steamers, and I beg that he may be directed to fill the requisitions heretofore made and which I renew to-day. In the last sixty days they would have repaid the cost tenfold. I return to Mobile to-night.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Nanna Hubba Bluff, Ala., April 25, 1865.

Colonel C. KREZ,

Commanding Third Brigade:

Brigadier-General Benton directs that you immediately embark your brigade on the steamers Jenny Rogers and James Battle with all your camp and garrison equipage. You will leave your acting assistant quartermaster in charge of your train and one company to guard it. You will yourself at once report to the general commanding for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

