HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Montgomery, Ala., April 25, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I have the honor to report that I arrived here at 12 m. this day with my command all in good order and ready for any service against our enemy. We have singular and conflicting reports in relation to the termination of the war. I will act cautiously until I have further orders from you. The boats have not yet arrived. The river is clear from here to Selma. I will have guards to protect it at all points from Selma to this point. I can live on the country for three or four days at least. General Grierson joined me at Greenville and has gone east to Columbus. I will now recall him, if practicable, to this point, as Wilson has taken Columbus and Macon and remains in possession during the armistice, if such exists. I am out of rations, but can get along until the 27th.

I am, very respectfully,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 38. Montgomery, Ala., April 25, 1865.

I. The Third Brigade of the Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Colonel J. L. Geddes commanding, is hereby detached from its division and ordered to duty as garrison and guard of the city of Montgomery. Colonel Geddes will immediately assume command of the post of Montgomery, the limits of which shall be coextensive with the corporate limits of the city, and will issue and enforce such orders as he may deem judicious for the preservation of order and discipline among the soldiers and the protection of the citizens in such privileges as may be allowed them.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Greenville, Ala., April 25, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. LUCAS,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: Upon arrival at this point you will move out on the right-hand Montgomery road, which is the one taken by General A. J. Smith's column. From this road you will take the most practicable route northeast to Union Springs, after having issued your rations and disposed of them upon your pack-mules and the persons of the men, and sent your wagons, extra baggage, and stock, convalescent horses and men, and all unnecessary encumbrances to Montgomery. Upon arrival at Union Springs, if you have not reliable information that West Point, Opelika, and Columbus have been taken, and the railroad between those points and Montgomery destroyed, you will move upon those places and destroy the railroad thoroughly between those points and Montgomery. I will move from here to Eufaula, Ala., and if possible cross the Chattahoochee River at that place; and should Columbus and West Point not be taken, will co-operate with you in the reduction of those places by an

