
department must be severely and summarily punished. Your command will subsist upon the country, but all supplies taken must be receipted for on the proper blank forms used by quartermaster;'s and subsistence departments, whether obtained from loyal and disloyal persons. You will appoint a discreet officer to perform the duties of regimental quartermaster and commissary, who will alone have authority to provide the necessary supplies for your command, and you will be held responsible that his duty is faithfully and strictly performed. You will procure a full supply of ammunition before starting from Athens, and see that your men have at all times forty rounds of ammunition ready for use, and also that their arms are always kept clean and free from rust. You will send your tri-monthly report promptly, in time to have it reach these headquarters by the 10th, 20th, and last days of each month. You will also forward your monthly report promptly on the last day of each month, and be very careful that all returns and reports are correct before they are sent. You will provide yourself with the necessary blanks before starting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 21, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General BRISBIN,

Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you send three companies of colored troops to Burkesville, Ky., for the purpose of garrisoning that place as an outpost. Rations for one month or a longer period should be sent from Nashville on transport. My object in establishing an outpost at Burkesville is for the purpose of making it a base and depot of supplies for mounted force for immediate use. Rations can be sent from Lebanon in wagons. It will be necessary to appoint an acting quartermaster and commissary of subsistence at Burkesville, with instructions to furnish all troops moving in that vicinity with supplies. I hope my suggestion will meet the views of the general commanding department. Give me notice when troops are sent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,March 21, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

McCulloch crossed the Yockna, between Grenada and Panola, with the Missouri Brigade of Forrest's corps last Wednesday. Is about Senatobia now with Jessee Forrest's brigade. Effective strength 1,500.

E. D. OSBAND.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 80. New Orleans, La., March 21, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding Cavalry Forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, is hereby directed to organize the

