SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 102. Barrancas, April 25, 1865.

* * * *

4. Two hundred dismounted men of the Second Maine Cavalry, Colonel Woodman commanding, and fifty mounted men of the cavalry detachment, Colonel Bush commanding, will be held in readiness, well officers and armed and provided with forty rounds of ammunition and two days' rations, to embark on the steamer Matamoras at daylight to-morrow morning, the 26th instant. Captain Porter, district quartermaster, will see that the steamer Matamoras, if she arrives during the night, is immediately placed in readiness to receive the above troops and to leave at daylight. The commanding general will embark in person and give further instructions.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 26, 1865.-For General Orders, Numbers 74, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, amending General Orders, Numbers 70, April 17, 1865, relating to extension of the military lines of the United States, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 956.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., April 26, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In consideration of long and faithful services rendered by Lieutenant Colonel Daniel McCoy, commanding One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, first as a private soldier and afterward in the various subordinate grades as an officer until he has attained his present position, as well as for honorable wounds received in battle, I would respectfully recommend that he may receive promotion to the rank of brevet brigadier-general of U. S. Volunteers. In support of his claims, I take pleasure in inviting your attention to a brief summary of his military history. Entering the service first as a private soldier in June, 1861, he served as such until February 13, 1863, when, after the battle of Stone's River, in which he was wounded, he was promoted to a second lieutenant. After the battle of Chickamauga, in which engagement he again received wounds, he was commissioned captain of his company, and on June 24, 1864, was honorably mustered out of service. In the latter part of August, he again entered the service as lieutenant-colonel, commanding the One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and participated with his regiment in the campaign before Nashville, in which he received three severe wounds, disabling him to some extent. Previous to this latter campaign Lieutenant-Colonel McCoy was in command of the post of Columbia, Tenn., in which capacity, as well as through his entire service in the field, he has honorably acquitted himself by a faithful performance of duty. I therefore submit his name and service for your consideration, recommending that he receive the promotion desired.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

