
CHATTANOOGA, April 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Your dispatch to General Wofford, C. S. Army, in regard to surrender, I forwarded from Dalton on the 20th instant. General Judah started a scout with information for General Wilson of the repudiation of the armistice by the Government.

Respectfully,

J. B. STEEDMAN.

[Indorsement.]

I have answered this, approving his sending to General Wilson.

W. D. W.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 44. Chattanooga, April 26, 1865.

I. At his own request, Colonel C. J. Dilworth, Eighty-fifth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is relieved from command of the Second Brigade, First Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland. He will report in person to the major-general commanding Department of the Cumberland for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, April 26, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I cannot believe that General Cobb will inform General Wilson that the truce between Sherman and Johnston is ended, and I am in search of a scout (a woman, to be banished for exulting over the President's death) to send to General Wilson, with the information. There are several here available, but they are known to Edmonson's and Rodgers' men, through whom they must pass. Can you not send me one by to-morrow's train? I will guarantee to get the information to General Wilson in four or five days. I sent requisition to General Wofford, as per telegram of last evening.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, April 26, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH, Dalton:

I am in receipt of the following, which I send for your information and action. The dispatch to Major-General Wilson you will forward by flag or otherwise.

NASHVILLE, April 26, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

You are authorized to say to General Wofford that the terms given by General Grant to General Lee are the only terms we can offer him, and that I expect him to forward to General Wilson your message that the Government had disapproved and repudiated the terms granted by General Sherman to Johnston, or permit you to send the message under flag of truce.

