
troops. When Colonel Fairbanks and his command returned to Decatur I placed myself under the protection of the Confederates, who promised to escort me safely to this town, where a meeting had been called to take into consideration the contents of your letter. Several hundred prominent citizens and 120 soldierse of Roddey's command were present, and the nearest Federal post was sixteen miles distant. I was treated with the utmost consideration, and no doubt was left in my mind that the majority of the people were true to their prfession. I shall leave for Decatur and Lawrence County to-morrow, whence I shall have the honor of addressing you again.

I am, general, as ever, your very obedient servant,

J. J. GIERS.

P. S.-A communication from Colonel Josiah Patterson, Fifth Alabama Cavalry, who commands here at this time, and as humble and conciliatory as the citizens' petition, will be sent to you through Brigadier General R. S. Granger. To show you by what means this infamous rebellion has been up held, I beg leave to mention to you that I have just seen what purports to be an extra from the Atlanta Press of April 20, which contains the following astounding news:

General Lee has captured 60,000 men of General Grant's army and 600 wagons. General Johnston has taken 20,000 prisoners and 80 pieces of artillery from General Sherman, &amp;c.

Will you be so kind as to send a copy of the letter of the people of Morgan County and the inclosed letter to my friend and protector, Andrew Johnson?
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 26, 1865.

C. LATIMER,

Division Engineer, Military Railroad, Greeneville:

Your report of progress received. Use dispatch, but do your work well-that is, place the road in the best order as you advance. You are progressing satisfactorily.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 26, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

Your dispatch of 9 p.m. yesterday reporting your instructions to General Gillem and Colonel Palmer was duly received. Your action is approved, also your arrangements for clearing the country of guerrillas.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 95. Knoxville, Tenn., April 26, 1865.

* * * * *

III. All the troops now stationed at Cumberland Gap, except one light battery, will be withdrawn, and will report without delay to the

