
commanding officer of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland at Knoxville. The battery to remain at Cumberland Gap will be designated by Colonel H. G. Gibson, commanding Second Brigade.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 26, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following telegram just received:

GREENEVILLE, April 26-4.40 p.m.

Major-General STONEMAN:

Knoxville:

On the 20th instant I endeavored to force a passage through Swannanoa Gap but found it blockaded and defended by infantry and four pieces of artillery. Leaving Miller to amuse the enemy, by a forced march I turned his position, surprising and capturing his artillery on 23rd, and should have entered Asheville but was met by a flag of truce with an order from General Sherman to cease hostilities until further orders. By agreement with General Martin he furnished me with three days' rations and I moved Miller's and Brown's brigades in the direction of Knoxville, but a reconnaissance proved the road by French Broad to be effectually blockaded, and I brought those brigades by a new road north of the river, also the battery and five pieces of captured artillery, all of which should arrive here to-morrow. In compliance with instructions from you to clear the mountain south of Asheville I ordered Colonel Palmer with his brigade to move by Waynesville and Squallatown and down the Little Tennessee River. Palmer is probably in Asheville this evening. I am here and will be in Knoxville to-night.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 26, 1865.

Colonel J. H. PARSONS,

Commanding Ninth Tennessee Cavalry:

SIR: If the Rogersville Branch Railroad is in such condition as to enable you to procure supplies at its terminus, I wish you to move with your whole regiment to the east bank of the Holston River. Arrived there, you will leave all your impediments on the east side, and with the mounted portion of your regiment you will cross the river and thoroughly scour and clear of guerrilla and other bands of outlaws all that portion of East Tennessee and Southwestern Virginia lying between the Holston River on the east and the Cumberland Mountains on the west. In the performance of this duty you are authorized and instructed to use the utmost vigorous and severe measures. The persons with whom you have to deal are outlaws so long as they are at liberty, and as such should be treated. When taken prisoners they must be treated as prisoners, and are entitled to trial, which takes time and entails trouble and expense. Give them to understand that no false mercy will be shown them and no prisoners taken, and that every man found in arms under whatever pretense, and acting without authority from Federal officers or the legally constituted authorities of the State

