
LOUISVILLE, April 26, 1865.

Colonel W. Y. DILLARD, Cumberland Gap:

The men must first surrender on the terms heretofore sent you, then those of good character will be permitted to take the oath.

By order of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Cumberland Gap, April 26, 1865.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Louisville:

Captains Estes and Hurd, both rebel officers, with their companies are making their way to Bowling Green, Ky., to surrender. They have been robbing indiscriminately in Harlan and Knox Counties. Estes would not surrender to me after promising to do so. Each has two horses. Having no cavalry, I could not pursue them.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, April 26, 1865-12 noon.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Raleigh:

A. J. Smith's corps moved from Blakely for Montgomery on April 14. If Selma should be in rebel possession he would move on that place. Steele's command was to move via Alabama River for Selma on the 17th. Granger's corps to hold Mobile and mouth of Tombigbee, the rebels having several gun-boats up that river. Maury with probably 4,000 to 6,000 men went to Demopolis. General Canby proposed to move from Selma against Demopolis. Our information was that Wilson only met Roddey's division at Selma, the other two divisions of Forrest's command being in Mississippi and not coming to time at that place. A. J. Smith should be at Selma or Montgomery before this. General Canby will probably learn from Wilson of Sherman's instructions and armistice before the dispatch of the Secretary of War to General Canby in reference to them reaches him. General Canby thinks Kirby Smith is trying to raise money enough to pay off his soldier so that they will disband quietly instead of becoming guerrillas. The river is very high, the whole country from Vicksburg to Cairo being under water, and a crossing of any force allmost impossible. When I left Mobile, the 15th, the news of Lee's surrender had not arrived. Do you wish any of us to join you?

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 26, 1865.

Major-General CANBY, New Orleans:

General Grant went to North Carolina to resume operations against Johnston's army. Notice of the disapproval of Sherman's truce was given to Johnston, and the time has expired. You will go on diligently with your operations against the enemy.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

