
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Montgomery, Ala., April 26, 1865.

I. While this command remains in this vicinity the only foraging parties allowed will be those properly authorized by a division commander for the purpose of obtaining fodder and grain for the animals, which foraging parties must always be under the immediate command of a commissioned officer, who will be specially instructed to remain with his men and to prevent them, by any means necessary, from taking anything else. These foraging parties shall not be mounted. Mules, horses, beef-cattle, subsistence stores, or other private property will not be molested or interfered with, except under special orders from these headquarters. No soldier will be allowed to be absent from his camp except by written order from his regimental commander, and no officer or soldier will be allowed to remain absent from his command over night without written authority from his regimental commander, approved by his brigade commander or other higher authority. All horses or mules above the allowance fixed by General Orders, Numbers 8, headquarters Department Army of the Tennessee, now in this command, will be immediately turned in the Captain C. K. Drew, chief quartermaster, Sixteenth Army Corps. The several division commanders are hereby directed to prevent any marauding or pillaging by the soldiers of their commands, or their entering for any purpose what soever any private residence, and will be held responsible that this order is enforced.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 4. Troy, Ala., April 26, 1865.

Official notice having just been received of an armistice for an unlimited period between the armies of the United States, commanded by Major General W. T. Sherman, and those of the Confederate States, under Lieutenant General Joseph E. Johnston, with a view of settling the existing difficulties, the general commanding desires that this movement be treated with proper by this command. It is therefore ordered that no foraging be allowed except such as is necessary for the sustenance of the men and animals, and this must always be under the direction of commissioned officers. Attention is again called to General Orders, Numbers 3, from these headquarters on the subject of straggling and pillaging, and the general commanding notifies the troops that he will not hesitate to visit the penalty of death upon any who are detected in these nefarious practices.

By order of Brevet Major-General Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 27, 1865-9.20 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Nashville:

The following is an extract from a telegram received this morning from General Halleck, at Richmond:

The bankers here have information to-day that Jeff. Davis' specie is moving south from Goldsborough in wagons as fast as possible. I suggest that orders be tele-

