
graphed through General Thomas that Wilson's obey no orders from Sherman, and notifying him and Canby and all commanders on the Mississippi to take measures to intercept the rebel chiefs and their plunder. The specie taken with them is estimated here at from $6,000,000 to $13,000,000.

You were some days ago notified that the President disapproved Sherman's proceeding, and were directed to disregard them. If you have not already done so you will issue immediate orders to all officers in your command directing them to pay no attention to any orders but your own from General Grant, and spare no exertion to stop Davis and his plunder. Push the enemy as hard as you can in every direction.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to General Canby, New Orleans.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 27, 1865-3 p.m. (Received 8.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to forward the following telegrams just received for your information.* Immediately after receiving your instructions to disregard the agreement between Generals Sherman and Johnston I dispatched orders to General Stoneman, by way of Greeneville, and General Wilson, by way of Decatur, Ala., Eastport, Miss., and Mobile, informing General Canby at the same time that my information led me to believe that Davis would attempt to get to Texas, and requested him to occupy Selma and Montgomery with infantry, and thus leave Wilson free to move with his whole force in any direction. Learning day before yesterday that General Wilson had been stopped by orders from General Sherman from entering Macon, Ga., I immediately sent him orders through the same flag which brought me the information (flag from Brigadier-General Wofford, commanding Northern Georgia) that the action of General Sherman had been disapproved by the Government, and that he, Wilson, must disregard it, and push his operations as far as possible. General Stoneman had taken measures to press his advantages, but his instructions had not reached Gillem before he was halted by the flag from Martin, at Asheville. I have again sent your instructions received this morning, with orders that they obey no orders from any other generals but General Grant and myself, and to use all possible means to prevent the escape of Davis.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 27, 1865

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Mound City:

I have just received information from Washington, confirmed by Brigadier-General Gillem now operating in Western North Carolina, that Davis, escorted by a picked body of 500 cavalry, will endeavor to make his escape across the Mississippi. The position of my advanced troops is very satisfactory. All Western North Carolina, Middle and

---------------

*See Gillem to Stoneman, April 23, and Hatch to Thomas, April 21, pp. 446, 427.

---------------

