
North Georgia, and North Alabama are virtually under my control. Wilson was in front of Macon, Ga., when last heard from. If Davis escapes through my lines, Canby's, and yours he will prove himself a better general than any of his subordinates.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SOMERVILLE, MORGAN COUNTY, ALA.,

April 27, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

SIR: I have the honor to lay before you a copy of the response of the citizens of this county to an order of Major General G. H. Thomas.*

It is signed by the judge of that circuit, the sheriff, and other leading citizens of the county. The presence of Federal military authority was not an element in the affair, as Morgan County has been ever since the beginning of the rebellion within the so-called Confederate lines. On this occasion about 150 rebel soldiers of Roddey's command were present, and not a Federal soldier nearer than Decatur, some sixteen miles. I have the honor to express my firm belief that the speedy pacification of North Alabama is near at hand. In this connection I beg leave to call the attention of Your Excellency to a memorial of citizens of Northern Alabama (whose homes were then, and are now, within the so-called Confederate lines), protesting that the people of this part of the country were not disloyal, could utterance be given to their sentiments, unawed by rebel ruffianism. I had the honor to present this document for your perusal at Nashville in October last. If Your Excellency should find it consistent with a sense of public duty to place Northern Alabama in a more favorable attitude by a recognition of this fact, so as to be felt in her business relations with the Federal Government, or such other way as you may find appropriate, the great matter of the speedy resumption of her Federal relations would be facilitated.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

J. J. GIERS.

[APRIL 27, 1865.-For Special Field Orders, Numbers 65, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, announcing further suspension of hostilities and final agreement for the surrender of the Confederate forces under Johnston, see Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 322.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 27, 1865.

General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The negotiations which have been progressing for some days, and which may have led to conflicting orders to you, are now complete. I send you a copy of the convention,# signed by General Johnston and myself, together with copies of my orders# to carry out its

---------------

*See inclosure Numbers 4 of Granger to Whipple, April 28, p. 506.

#See Vol. XLVII, Part III, pp. 313, 322, 323.

---------------

