
terms. You may treat the prisoners in your hands as under the convention, and have all sign an obligation such as contemplated in it. After you have concluded this business I want your cavalry about Decatur, whence they can be sent according to further developments. I regard the war as over, but it is well to be prudent and cautious, as there is much danger of some of the discharged soldiers of both armies infesting the country as robbers. If you encounter any of these either punish them with extreme severity or carry them where the civil authorities of an organized State can try and punish. I will order so that, if feasible, you can get supplies at Savannah or Augusta.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 27, 1865-12 m.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

The following telegram is just received and forwarded for your information:*

I want you to carry out these instructions as thoroughly as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Brevet Major-General Upton has made arrangements to make a thorough search of his command to-morrow in order to seize all plunder that may have been collected by the men. His intention is to issue an order of march, so that the troops will move out of camp with all their equipage, and thereby preventing any articles from being secreted. You had better adopt General Upton's plan, and make any further arrangements that you think best to render the search effectual. A staff officer should be sent with each regimental commander, and the regiments, if possible, separated from each other at the time of the search. The wagon train should be inspected at the same time. The utmost care should be exercised that no men leave the regiment during the inspection.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel R. H. G. Minty, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.)

CHATTANOOGA, April 27, 1865-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Your communication to Brevet Major-General Wilson has been forwarded by flag from Dalton. Colonel Merrill, commanding Merrill's

---------------

*See Stanton to Thomas, 27th, p. 483.

---------------

