
Horse, goes with it to General Wofford, and will try to obtain permission to send it by an officer to General Wilson. If refused, then the written promise of General Wofford to forward the communication at once to General Wilson. General Wofford declines to surrender.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CHATTANOOGA, [April] 27, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

I send by first train General Wofford's reply to my communication to him in regard to his surrender.* He asserts that there is no truth in the report that a raid is intended on the railroad. He evades a direct answer to the proposition for his surrender by saying the disturbed condition of North Georgia requires the presence of troops, and expresses the opinion that it is to the interest of the United States that his organization retain its present status.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 27, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

It is reported that Jeff. Davis is endeavoring to escape across the Mississippi, escorted by a picked body of 500 cavalry. Keep scouts out in your front, and if he should attempt to pass near your command intercept and capture him if possible. General Washburn will send this information to all commands on the Mississippi.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

(Same to Major-General Washburn, Memphis, and Brigadier-General Hatch, Eastport, Miss.)

DALTON, April 27, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent a flag of truce at 9 o'clock this morning to communicate with General Wofford in person, wherever he may be, escorting Colonels Merrill and Woodall. Colonel Merrill is charged with General Thomas' communication to you, and will endeavor to secure from General Wofford, first, permission for Colonel Woodall to continue on to Macon and give to General Wilson in person General Thomas' communication to him. Failing in this, he is to obtain General Wofford's written promise that the communication shall be forwarded at once to General Wilson by himself. I also received, at 8.30 this morning, two communications from General Wofford, who is expected to be at Calhoun to-night, one to me, the other to you, which I will forward by messenger to-day. General Wofford declines to surrender.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See 24th, p. 456.

---------------

