
CASSVILLE, GA., April 27, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 25th instant has been received, and I regret that my several propositions, which were intended alone for the protection of our suffering citizens, did not meet your approval. For the purpose of conferring with you upon the propriety and expediency of surrendering myself and the forces under my command, I propose to meet you at Resaca at 12 o'clock on the 8th of next month. I would have proposed an earlier day, but I am en route to one of the upper counties, where I have an appointment to meet some men who have been bushwhacking, to the terror and injury of our unfortunate people, with the hope of restoring law and order. The dispatch from General Steedman announcing the refusal of the authorities of the United States to indorse the action of General Sherman in arranging an armistice with General Johnston has been forwarded to General Cobb with request to communicate the same to General Wilson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WOFFORD,

Brigadier-General.

[APRIL 27, 1865.-For Thomas to Stoneman, relating to pursuit of Jefferson Davis, see Part I, p. 546.]

KNOXVILLE, April 27, 1865-1.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Palmer has not reported yet with his brigade. Brown's and Miller's brigades are near the foot of the mountains twenty miles from Greeneville. Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General Brown, with his regiment, the Eleventh Michigan, is ordered to report here for instructions. He will be sent forward as soon as he arrives. Do you think it expedient under the circumstances to send the cavalry again over mountains to co-operate with General Sherman? The order he sent me was to join him at Raleigh, but fortunately I did not receive it in time or you would have lost us. Unless you direct otherwise I wish to send Tillson's force, or a portion of it, to drive Martin and his crew out of Asheville. Cavalry cannot live up there now, as there is neither hay, grain, nor grass as yet. I will send by mail copy of General Sherman's letter.*

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 27, 1865-6.50 p.m.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

If you can possibly get three brigades of cavalry together, send them across the mountains into South Carolina to the westward of Charlotte and toward Anderson. They may possibly catch Jeff. Davis, or some of his treasure. They say he is making off with from $2,000,000 to $5,000,000 in gold. You can send Tillson to take Asheville, as I think

---------------

*See April 18, p. 397.

---------------

