
come in and give themselves up, but they are afraid that they will be executed for what they have already done. I h ave five prisoners who gave themselves up, and they say all the rest of them would come in if they knew that I would spare their lives.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HARRINGTON,

Captain Company G, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DIST. OF EAST TENNESSEE,At Sherril's Fourteen Miles Southeast of Asheville, N. C.,

on the Road to Rutherfordton, April 27, 1865-7 a.m.

Brevet Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: You will move your command (both Second and Third Brigades, your own and Miller's) at daybreak to-morrow morning, taking the road to Yorkville, S. C. Your best route is probably via Hendersonville, Howard's Gap, Columbus, and Cowpens. Regulate your marches to suit yourself, excepting that you must be at Yorkville by Monday evening next May 1.) As forage is probably scarce about Asheville, it may be necessary, if you have not already done so, to stop and feed during the course of to-morrow morning. The Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, of the First Brigade, is now camped on Mill Creek, about six miles west of Hendersonville, and will probably march ahead of you on the same road. If you have any artillery with you send it back to General Tillson. If that is not practicable, destroy it, as none is to be taken along. As soon as you have decided upon your route send information by three or four couriers to these headquarters. You will parole General Martin, Colonel Palmer, and all the prisoners whom you may have, to report to General Stoneman, who will decide concerning their status. No property of any kind will be taken from citizens except subsistence stores, forage for animals (which will be taken only by the proper authority and through the proper channels), and horses necessary to mount the command. Whenever this becomes necessary, unserviceable animals will be left in lieu of those taken. You will be particularly careful, after entering South Carolina, that these orders are observed. This is absolutely necessary in order to preserve the discipline of your command. Strict silence will be observed in regard to our destination.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. J. Palmer, commanding.

HENRY McALLESTER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., April 27, 1865-10 a.m.

Major BENJAMIN,

Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Inform the flag of truce they will be allowed the following terms and no others, and if they accept to do so as soon as possible: Surrender of men, to be paroled; all public property, horses, and arms to be given up; officers can retain their side-arms; when they are paroled they must wear citizen's dress while in Kentucky; they will be treated kindly.

These terms are regarded liberal by every one.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

