HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 27, 1865.

Major H. N. BENJAMIN:

I am directed to inform you in a private manner of the aspect in view in connection with the flag of truce and the surrender of Giltner's command.

First. They were delayed as long as possible without exciting suspicion at Mount Sterling to enable the Thirty-ninth Kentucky Infantry, part mounted and part infantry, and part of Fourteenth Kentucky, to move from Paintsville, and from Sand Valley on to West Liberty road and get behind the main body, so as to prevent their retreat if the negotiation did not succeed.

Second. In the meantime every hour they remained still sent us deserters, who are not paroled.

Third. They tried to export broad terms because of our weak force at Mount Sterling, and we delayed them to get more troops there.

Fourth. By the time they reject the terms proposed there will be enough troops to alter the whole thing, and we will get many deserters before they can get away, with or without a fight.

Fifth. We have given them very liberal terms, and they will be bound to accept them or lose half their men.

Very truly,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUNT STERLING, April 27, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Intelligent deserters, coming in to take the oath, say Giltner had his command about 2,000 strong, and it was estimated there that he would have about 5,000 gathered together to move to this place for the purpose of surrendering.

H. N. BENJAMIN,

Major, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., April 27, 1865.

Colonel H. M. BUCKLEY,

Eminence, Ky.:

Leave troops at Lebanon and Bardstown. Hold only those around Shelbyville in readiness to move.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

THOS. A. HOWES,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

LOUISA, KY., April 27, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER:

The Tenth Kentucky (rebel), of Colonel Giltner's command, has surrendered to me at this place. Terms, release upon the amnesty oath.

D. A. MIMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

