
LEXINGTON, KY., April 27, 1865.

Colonel MIMS,

Commanding, Louisa, Ky.:

Direct your men to move over on the West Liberty and Hazel Green roads. In the vicinity of these places the mounted men should be kept in advance. Your dismounted men can borrow as many horses as possible on the route, returning them as they go back. Rebels have been negotiating for two days. They will probably accept our terms. Respect their flag of truce if they show one.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., DEPT. OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 14. Bowling Green, April 27, 1865.

The counties of Edmonson and Butler are hereby added to the district comprising the First Brigade of this division, Colonel O. H. P. Carey commanding. Major Long, Kentucky Volunteers, commanding Middle Green River Battalion, now in these counties, will report to Colonel Carey. All required reports, &amp;c., will be forwarded to him.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General E. H. Murray:

A. G. SLOO,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 46. Mobile, Ala., April 27, 1865.

1. The duty and authority of controlling the trade in supplies permitted to be brought to this city in accordance with paragraph 4, General Field Orders, Numbers 30, from these headquarters, is hereby conferred upon Major General Gordon Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, or to the officer to whom this authority may be delegated by him as commander of the post and District of Mobile. General Granger will designate from the Thirteenth Army Corps a commander for the post and District of Mobile, and will delegate to him, under General Field Orders, Numbers 30, and this order, the authority to decide such questions of trade, police, and health as he may consider proper and expedient. The commander of the Camp of Distribution will report to this officer, and all detachments of troops passing through or remaining temporarily within the city will be subject to his control as long as they are within the limits of his command.

* * * * * *

4. The Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, is hereby assigned to the siege train, Army and Division of West Mississippi, and will be held in readiness for embarkation and active field service. Those batteries which have been drilled at the 10-inch mortars will be fully equipped as mortar batteries, with implements and equipments complete. The battery commanders will give their special attention to the equipment of their commands, and will at once report deficiencies in armament, &c., to Brigadier General James Totten, chief of artillery and ordnance, at these headquarters. As the companies of the Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, are withdrawn from their present posts, in fulfillment of the above orders, they will be replaced by other troops. Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith, commanding District of South Alabama, is charged with

