HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Whistler, April 27, 1865.

Captain ROUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Granger to inform General Benton that the rebel General Dick Taylor is expected to arrive in the city by railroad from Meridian to-morrow, and that he and his escort be respected by our troops.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. RITTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,April 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General Benton desires me to say that he thinks this means a surrender by Dick Taylor of all his forces.

Respectfully,

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., April 27, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that all men of the Fourth Tennesse and Third Michigan Cavalry, with all transportation and camp and garrison equipage of those commands, be sent to this point by the first available boat. These commands are now detached from you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONAL FORCES,Selma, Ala., April 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: The fleet of transports conveying the troops under my command and three gun-boats arrived at this place about 2.30 this p.m. The gun-boat Sebago was left at the forks of the river on account of the difficulty of getting it through the bends of the river. The enemy's works on Choctaw Bluff were evacuated soon after the fall of Mobile. The magazines were blown up and two 9-inch Brooke guns, which constituted the armament, were spiked. These guns, being of a superior quality, were left with a view to shipping them on the return of the fleet. We have met no enemy, except a small party of guerrillas that fired upon two of the transports, killing one man and wounding two. This occurred at the plantation of a Mr. Mitchell, a notorious rebel, whom the negroes report as being one of the gang that fired upon the transports. I ordered his house burned and had a notice posted giving the reason for this destruction of property. Brigadier-General Pile's brigade was marched across the bend of the river to Bridgeport Landing. Major Perry, of General Lucas' staff, reported himself with forty

