HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army and Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding, in connection with my report Numbers 327, dated 23rd instant, that I proceeded yesterday on the steamr Matamoras to Milton, Fla., to meet General Clanton, C. S. Army, and prepared also to meet the reported rebel force. I ascertained at Milton that Captain Keyser was there with a few men on the 25th, threatening the citizens returning to the old flag with a rebel force, which, however, he will hardly be able to collect. General Clanton I found at Bagdad and brought him down with two wounded rebel soldiers. He is still suffering from his wound, and under the circumstances I thought it proper to keep him here until further orders, for which I herewith respectfully request.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 28, 1865-3 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

A dispatch from General Grant, dated at Daleigh, 10 p.m. April 26, just received by this Department, states that "Johnston surrendered the forces in his command, embracing all from here to the Chattahoochee, to General Sherman, on the basis agreed upon between Lee and myself for the Army of Northern Virginia."

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Major-General Canby.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 28, 1865-1 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

The following dispatch just received from General Stoneman is forwarded for your information.* I have sent to General Stoneman, to be forwarded to General Wilson, information regarding Davis' movements with his treasure, also instructions to push his advantages to the full extent, and obey no orders from any general except General Grant and myself. These instructions have previously been forwarded by several other routes, but to insure their reaching General Wilson I again forward them this way.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FLAG-SHIP TEMPEST, April 28, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army:

Telegram received. Glad to learn of your satisfactory dispositions. Have my vessels constantly under weigh watching, under vigilant com-

---------------

*See Stoneman to Thomas, 11.15 a.m., p. 508.

---------------

