
and Montgomery were occupied a few days ago by our troops. Forrest and a part of the garrison of Mobile have retreated into Mississippi.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Macon, Ga., April 28, 1865.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Augusta, Ga.:

I desire to open the railroad from Dalton to Atlanta. Please appoint a place at which I can confer with you in regard to it, or designate some one to act for you.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

AUGUSTA, April 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Macon, Ga.:

I will be glad to have an interview with you on the subject referred to. Will try to meet you at Macon next Thursday or Friday. In the meantime I will direct the superintendent of the railroad at Atlanta to give you any aid in his power to facilitate the work.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Macon, Ga., April 28, 1865.

For the purpose of restoring order in the neighboring country, the civil authorities are advised to take such measures as they may find necessary. The sheriff should call out the posse comitatus to assist in arresting guerrillas, stragglers, or men claiming to belong to the U. S. forces who are engaged in pillaging, marauding, or other unlawful practices in violation of the armistice. All such persons should be punished by the civil authorities in accordance with the usages of civil law. The people must organize to protect themselves from disbanded soldiers and other lawless men. Where it is absolutely necessary they may call upon the military authorities for support.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, April 28, 1865.

General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

I have 1,100 serviceable horses. To forage them I have had to deploy, and thereby I have been enabled to scout the country well. I have ordered a small regiment to concentrate at Franklin, where they can be rationed and foraged. I have ordered them to hunt down all the guerrillas in Williamson and adjoining counties. I have another regiment south of Athens. Will order that regiment to scout in the direction on Maryville, Paint Creek, New Market, &amp;c.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

