
[Inclosure No. 2.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,

Huntsville, April 20, 1865.

Being satisfied from the within communication that it is the desire of the general commanding the department to re-establish civil law in the District of North Alabama, it will become my duty cheerfully to give every assistance to promote this end. I would advise the citizens to meet together to devise means to re-establish their courts, and to take into their own hands, through the laws of the State, the suppression of all lawlessness, the re-establishment of law and order, and the giving security to life and property. Every one not blinded by passion or madness, by a selfish desire for revenge, must see that the authority of the Government of the United States is beyond doubt re-established in the District of Northern Alabama. It therefore becomes the duty of every good citizen to use his influence and exert al his authority to put down every position, openly or secretly, against the Federal Government. War no longer exists in this district, and such persons as are secretly seeking the lives of their fellow-citizens can no longer be regarded as belligerent, but as murderers and assassins, and will be fit associates for Booth and his band of conspirators. Whenever the citizens will notify me that they wish to hold meetings to take into consideration the property of carrying out the suggestions contained in this communication, they will receive such military protection as they deem necessary. Further, whenever I am satisfied that the citizens have taken this matter the ends proposed, I will publish an order to give protection in person and property to all loyal citizens, whether north or south of the river.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 3.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

To the Citizens of Morgan, Marshall, Lawrence Counties, &amp;c.:

I hereby, through J. J. Giers, esq., of Morgan County, Ala., authorize and enjoin upon you to re-establish civil law in your counties, according to the Alabama Code before the rebellion, at as early a day as possible. Through your courts I invite the citizens of your neighboring counties to do likewise, and thereby relieve the suffering and distressed of the communities in which they live, and give early assurance to the United States Government that you rebellion was forced upon you and was not a premeditated act on your part.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 4.] SOMERVILLE, MORGAN COUNTY, ALA., April 26, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, North Alabama:

SIR: Through the kindness of Mr. J. J. Giers we have been placed in receipt of your letter to the citizens of this county. Having received it but day before yesterday late in the evening, time sufficient has not elapsed to allow more than a limited correspondence with our

