
people; consequently we cannot at this time give any definite response to your proposal. From the accompanying communication from Colonel J. Patterson,* you will perceive that the people of our county are peculiarly situated, so much so that at this date it will be impossible to secure an expression of their sentiments, but we think that in the course of twenty days they may be prepared to act in the matter. Above all earthly boons we desire peace, and nothing would prove so grateful to our hearts as its restoration to our ruined country; and we will not, cannot, withhold our co-operation in any general movement of the people that will secure an end so desirable. Permit us to express to you our unfeigned regret for the great calamity that has befallen the country in the assassination of President Lincoln, the act from which every noble and Christian heart must instinctively shrink with horror, nor can it be found in the spirit of a brave and magnanimous man, or people, to exult over a crime so dark and dastardly. Trusting that the required time to obtain the expression of the sentiments of our people may be accorded,

We are, general, your obedient servants,

H. M. WELCH.

J. K. LYNN.

C. A. WELCH.

[AND TWENTY-EIGHT OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland, Nashville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith communications received by flag from Brigadier-General Wofford, C. S. Army, in reply to communications sent him as directed in a dispatch of 18th instant, from Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland.+

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

DALTON, April 28, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have just received a communication from General Wofford, in which he proposes to meet me on the 8th proximo, at Resaca, to confer on the expediency and propierty of surrendering his forces. He could not name an earlier day on account of pre-engagements. I have agreed to the appointment unless prevented, in which case I am to notify him. I will send his communication to-morrow, or bring it down, as I shall by that time have forwarded the cipher dispatch by the most reliable means.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See inclosure No. 1, p.505.

+See Cobb to Wofford, 21st, and Wofford to Judah and Steedman, 24th, pp.428, 456.

---------------

