HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND SEPARATE DIVISION,ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Dalton, Ga., April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General W. T. WOFFORD,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Northern Georgia:

GENERAL: Your communication of yesterday just received. Unless something unforeseen should happen to prevent it I will meet you as you propose, at Resaca, at 12 m. on Monday, the 8th of May. I will notify you should anything occur to prevent the fulfillment of the engagement. Accept my acknowledgments for your courtesy in forwarding so promptly General Steedman's communication to General Wilson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, April 28, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The scouts sent out to ascertain the movements of the reported rebel force on the Coosawattee River have just returned, and report that they have recrossed the said river and have fallen back south in the direction of Canton, Ga.

FELIX PRINCE SALM,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, April 28, 1865-11.15 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

It appears that subsequently to General Gillem leaving his command the officer left in command received my instructions to concentrate on Charlotte, N. C., and proceeded to act upon them. Two brigades and perhaps the whole three were at Asheville yesterday morning. I have sent instructions for them to concentrate at or in the vicinity of Anderson, and to scout down the Savannah River to Augusta if possible, and if they can learn the whereabouts of Davis and company to follow them to the ends of the earth. Tillson with a strong force moves up to Asheville with instructions to clear out that country and to hold the southern passes in the railroad between here and Chattanooga. I have directed Gillem to scout the mountain region south of Asheville and drive out anything that may be in that region. The Eleventh Michigan, the regiment to be exchanged for the Fifteenth Pennsylvania, is now on the Catawba with Colonel Palmer, but I will call it in as soon as possible. Giltner and Cosby have gone to Kentucky to surrender their commands, and Champ Ferguson is in command of Southwestern Virginia.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, April 28, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

Your telegram of 11.15 to-day just received. Your arrangements are judicious and approved. The following cipher dispatch is sent for you

