HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 29, 1865. (Received 5.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch announcing the surrender of Johnston has been received. The condition of the people of North Mississippi, North Alabama, North Georgia, and Western North Carolina is deplorable. With the view of restoring confidence and a return to law, I respectfully request that Major-General Steedman may be permitted to go to Washington to explain the policy I should like to adopt for the government of those sections until the civil authorities can be established on a permanent basis. I desire to send General Steedman because he fully understands my ideas and can explain the present condition of the region referred to completely.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 29, 1865-8 p.m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have ordered Major General J. E. Smith* to Memphis to relieve Major-General Washburn, in command of West Tennessee. He will report to you by letter.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, No. 12. Nashville, Tenn., April 29, 1865.

I. The encampment of the Fourth Corps near Nashville will be called Camp Harker.

II. Every pains will be taken to make the grounds neat and the police perfect. An exterior picket-line be kept up in front of each division; those of the First and Second Division connected. Camp guards by brigades will also be established. Passes to go beyond the picket-lines or to visit the city must invariably be countersigned at division headquarters. Division commanders will make such regulations regarding passes that but a reasonable number of men will be absent from their camps at the same time. The wagon trains of divisions will be camped close by the troops, and the lines of the camp guards will be made to inclose the camp of the trains. The utmost pains must be taken by officers of all grades to prevent depredations upon or destruction of private property. Efforts are now being made, with every promise of success, to restore civil order in this State, and nothing could be more hurtful than pillaging or irregularity on the part of soldiers.

III. To more perfectly secure citizens in their persons and property, division commanders will place safeguards at all houses where they are desired, within two miles of their camps. It will be made the duty of these guards, in addition to protecting the inhabitants, to give information of any plundering parties they may see or hear of. It is sincerely hoped that no occasions for finding fault may occur. If there

---------------

*As received by Thomas it read General Jeff. C. Davis.

---------------

