
KNOXVILLE, April 29, 1865-12.55 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your telegram received. Numbers of men have come into East Tennessee with authority from General Grant to go to their homes, which are in East Tennessee. Do your instructions include such persons; and if so, shall they be sent without the limits of the State? There are others whose homes are in Georgia, Alabama, and the other Southern States. They are penniless and without food, and must live by begging or stealing. Can I issue such persons a limited amount of rations and send them by rail to Dalton and get rid of them; also obnoxious and troublesome characters?

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, April 29, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

By decision of the Attorney-General no Confederate is entitled to come into a loyal State on his parole. He will have to take the oath of allegiance to the United States to enable him to remain. You are authorized to give a limited amount of subsistence to such rebel soldiers who have to pass through East Tennessee to get to Georgia and Alabama. They must not be allowed to stop on the way.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Send the above to General Steedman and General R. S. Granger entire. Send the first sentence to General Washburn.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., April 29, 1865.

Brigadier General DAVIS TILLSON:

General Thomas informs me that he has received official notification that Johnston has surrendered to Sherman upon the same conditions that Lee surrendered to Grant, and that it will not be necessary for the cavalry to go any farther than to the northern line of South Carolina, unless Jeff. Davis and the treasure are heard from, in which case both must be captured, if possible. Also, that officers and soldiers of the rebel army will not be allowed to come into Tennessee or Kentucky or any other loyal State. Please send a copy of this to the commanding officer of the cavalry for his guidance.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

RUTLEDGE, TENN., April 29, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding District of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet as far as my scouts have reached. I hear of guerrillas committing some depredations near Mulberry Gap. I don't think they will remain there. The citizens here express a desire for this place to be permanently garrisoned until the guerrillas are entirely destroyed. We should like very much to

