HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 21, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. LUCAS,

Commanding Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find order* directing the First Florida and Second Maine Cavalry to report to you for duty. You will organize your command into a division of two brigades of three regiments each. Immediately upon the reception of this, you will reply, designating the regiments you desire to compose the brigades and the names of the brigade commanders. The order organizing the division will then be issued from these headquarters. Horses sufficient to finish the remount of your command will be sent over at the earliest practicable moment. Dispose of your regiments in such a manner as to make the two brigades as nearly equal in size as possible. Send tri-monthly reports, rosters, reports of arms, ammunition, and accouterments on hand and required, pertaining to the First Florida and Second Maine Cavalry, at the earliest possible moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., March 21, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General SHANKS,

Commanding First Brigade Cavalry, near Germantown:

I enjoin upon you to maintain the strictest discipline over the troops with you. Allow no straggling and no resident of the country to be disturbed. If any depredations are committed, you will ascertain at once the amount of damage done and inflict prompt and summary punishment, and stop the pay of the command by whom the depredations were committed until the loss is made good. You will press no horses or mules from any person who is behaving himself properly.

Respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 22, 1865 - 8 p. m.

(Received 23rd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram of 4 p. m. 21st received. General Cruft embarked with his command here on the 14th. I learned through the newspapers that General Sheridan did not go to Lynchburg and so informed General Stoneman.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 75. Nashville, March 22, 1865.

* * * * * * *

X. The following assignments and changes in the garrison artillery of posts within the department are hereby made, viz: Company I,

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

