HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., April 29, 1865.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida, Barrancas, Fla.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to say that should a surrender of the rebel forces in your front be offered by their commanding officers you are authorized to accept the same, basing your action upon the following memorandum of conditions:

I. The officers and men to be paroled until duly exchanged or otherwise released from the obligations of their parole by the authority of the Government of the United States. Duplicate rolls of all officers and men surrendered to be made, one copy of which will be delivered to the officer appointed by you, and the other retained by the officer appointed by the commander of the rebel forces; officers giving their individual paroles, and commanders of regiments, batteries, companies, or detachments signing a like parole for the men of their respective commands.

II. Artillery, small-arms, ammunition, and other property of the Confederate Government to be turned over to the officers appointed for that purpose on the part of the Government of the United States. Duplicate inventories of the property surrendered to be prepared, one copy to be retained by the officer delivering and the other by the officer receiving it, for the information of their respective commanders.

III. The officers and men paroled under this agreement will be allowed to return to their homes with the assurance that they will not be disturbed by the authorities of the United States so long as they continue to observe the conditions of their paroles and the laws in force where they reside, except that persons residents of Northern States will not be allowed to return without special permission.

IV. The surrender of property will not include the side-arms or private horses or baggage of officers.

V. The time and place of surrender will be fixed by the respective commanders, and will be carried out by commanders appointed by them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General John Newton, commanding District of Key West and Tortugas, Key West, Fla.)

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 30, 1865-1 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

Every effort should now be made to induce all armed bands of men in Tennessee, Alabama, and every where in each of your commands to come in and surrender their arms on the terms made by Lee and Johnston. Send out under flag of truce a summons to all bands you know of and report here the course you pursue. Make every effort to obtain intelligence of Jeff. Davis' movements in the South, and spare no pains in setting an expedition on foot to catch him if he should be heard from.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General, U. S. Army.

