
endeavored to communicate with you immediately after the capture of Mobile, but my messenger, I suppose, failed to get through. You have already learned that Steele and Smith are at Selma and Montgomery. The transports were delayed several days by the difficulty of getting boats and supplies up through the obstructions. Subsistence and forage were sent up for 40,000 men, your command being included in the provision made. I have now ordered clothing to be sent, as Captain Leonard represents that your men are in want of it. For the present Montgomery will be the best point for your depot, if your supplies are drawn from the Gulf coast. If the railroads east of Montgomery cannot be put in running order, Smith has transportation enough to aid you in bringing up your supplies from that point. I will send to Apalachicola for the purpose of ascertaining how far the Chattahoochee may be relied on. I think Columbus can be reached at only high state of water; in ordinary seasons the head of navigation is at the junction of the Flint and Chattahoochee.

11 a.m.-A dispatch has just been received from the Secretary of War, dated the 24th, disapproving the armistice concluded between Generals Sherman and Johnston. I shall have to disregard it at the expiration of the forty eight hours agreed upon with the rebel commanders. I have notified Dick Taylor accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Macon, Ga., April 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

C. S. Army, Augusta, Ga.:

The telegrams in regard to the final conventions are received. I will send Major-General Upton, U. S. Army, by the train to-morrow to confer with you and make all necessary arrangements for carrying out the terms of its provisions.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Have the message of Generals Johnston and Sherman repeated, so as to insure accuracy. East or west of the Chattahoochee?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 30, 1865.

(Received 5 p.m. May 2.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to report that officers and scouts have arrived at Savannah, bringing the following information as to Major-General Wilsons' cavalry expedition: He captured Selma, Ala., on April 2, taking 2,700 prisoners, 32 guns in position, and 75 guns in the arsenal, and destroying 3 rolling-mills, large naval foundry, arsenal, powder works, and large number of cars. On April 12 he took Montgomery, destroying mills, foundries, niter works, 5 steam-boats, and 65 cars. The rebels burned 85,000 bales of cotton before evacuating. He took Columbus,

