
LEXINGTON, KY., April 30, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Will answer to-morrow from Louisville as to paroled officers. Did rebels accept terms? Have they arrived, and how many? Answer.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT STERLING,

April 30, 1865.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON:

They accepted terms and would have given more if it had been requested. I have papers signed and am now busy paroling officers; seventy-three done. About 105 officers and 800 to 1,000 men, Giltner in command. I cropped his wings first one. Where shall I send True? He and Major Benjamin are at loggerheads and would like to leave. You dispatch where to order him to-morrow.

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McCORMACK'S, April 30, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here at 12 o'clock to-day. Learned the rebels had come to terms and gone on to Mount Sterling. I will return to Louisa by way of West Liberty. Will be at Gill's Mills to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. MIMS,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

RUTLEDGE, TENN., April 30, 1865.

[Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding District of East Tennessee:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have been constantly scouting both sides of the Clinch. There are but few guerrillas remaining in this vicinity, they having nearly all left since I came here. I have endeavored to carry out your instructions, but it is necessary to explain why I have taken some prisoners. When I found those men, the most of them had hidden or otherwise disposed of their arms, and others came and gave themselves up. I had not sufficient evidence at the time of their being bushwhackers or guerrillas, until they were identified by citizens who knew them to be such. In this manner several have come into my hands as prisoners. The most noted of these are Dr. J. P. Legg and P. H. Starnes, whom I captured north of the Clinch. I sent them to Knoxville by Lieutenant Jackson and squad of Ninth Tennessee Cavalry. I have seven prisoners now at this place, which I send to Knoxville by Sergt. Edward Stokeley and squad of my company. I have just received orders from Colonel Parsons to move, with my company, to Bull's Gap, which has created especially those grand jurors and others who are witnesses against prominent rebels. Many of the citizens have called on me this morning

