
First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, Captain H. Dilger commanding, is relieved from duty at Chattanooga, Tenn., and assigned to duty at Dalton, Ga., reporting without delay to the commanding officer of that post; Company C, First Regiment Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, Captain J. R. Davies commanding, is relieved from duty at Chattanooga, Tenn., and assigned to duty at Athens, Tenn., reporting without delay to the commanding officer of that post; Company K, First Regiment Michigan Artillery, Captain J. C. Schuetz commanding, is relieved from duty at Chattanooga, and will report without delay to Captain Davies, First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, to be stationed at points between the Hiwassee and Athens, Tenn.; the Tenth Ohio Battery, Captain J. R. Crain commanding, is relieved from duty at Nashville, Tenn., and will report without delay to Captain Davies, First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, to be stationed at points between Athens and Loudon, Tenn.; the Second Minnesota Battery, Captain W. A. Hotchkiss commanding, is relieved from duty at Chattanooga, and will report without delay to the commanding officer post of Loudon, Tenn., for duty; the Seventh Indiana Battery, Lieutenant William Stokes commanding, is relieved from duty at Chattanooga, and will report to Captain William A. Hotchkiss, Second Minnesota Battery, to be stationed at Loudon, Tenn., and between that point and Knoxville, Tenn.; Company F, Second U. S. Artillery, upon the completion of its present duty at Brentwood, will proceed to Bridgeport, Ala., and form part of the garrison of that post. The following-named batteries are relieved from duty at Nashville, Tenn., and will proceed without delay to the following-named posts, to which they are assigned: Company K, First Tennessee Artillery, to Knoxville, Tenn.; Company C, First Tennessee Artillery, to Johnsonville, Tenn.; Company F, Second Illinois Artillery, to Clarksville, Tenn.; Third Ohio Battery, to Fort Donelson, Tenn.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, March 22, 1865.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

New Market, East Tenn.:

Elliott's division will be sent forward as soon as possible. I therefore wish you to get your command ready at once. After reaching Bull's Gap protect the construction corps under Mr. L. H. Eicholtz, acting chief engineer, and push forward the repairs of the railroad to Carter's Station, on the Watauga, at which point post two divisions of the corps, sending the other to Kingsport, to hold the pass into East Tennessee from Virginia through that place. Then you will, with Tillson on your right, stationed in the pass through the Smoky Range, cover all the approaches from Virginia and North Carolina to East Tennessee as far as Knoxville and be a substantial reserve for Stoneman to fall back on should he encounter more of the enemy than he can handle.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

