
IV. The surrender of property will not include the side-arms or private horses or baggage of officers.

V. All horses which are in good faith the private property of enlisted men will not be taken from them; the men will be permitted to take such with them to their homes, to be used for private purposes only.

VI. The time and place of surrender will be fixed by the respective commanders, and will be carried out by commissioners appointed by them.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 49 Mobile, Ala., April 30, 1865.

1. The commanding general Thirteenth Army Corps will cause one regiment of infantry of Colonel Bertram's brigade, not less than 400 strong, to proceed to Fort Gaines, Ala., and report to the commanding general District of South Alabama. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation by first opportunity.

2. The battalion of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, now at Vicksburg, Miss. will at once be relieved from duty there and ordered to report to Major General P. J. Osterhaus, at New Orleans, and prepared and held in readiness for immediate field service. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

3. The Third Maryland Cavalry is hereby relieved from duty in the District of South Alabam, and will immediately be prepared for field service and ordered to proceed to New Orleans, La., to report on arrival there to Brigadier General J. R. West. All detachments of that regiment and all officers and men individually absent on detached service will at once be relieved and ordered to join the regiment at Fort Gaines, Ala., or New Orleans, La. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation promptly.

4. The Fourteenth and Eighteenth Regiments New York Volunteer Cavalry will at once be relieved from their present duties and ordered to proceed to the city of New Orleans, to report to Brigadier General J. R. West, with a view of being mounted, equipped, and otherwise fully prepared for immediate service in the field. All officers and men absent on detached service will be relieved and ordered to join their respective regiments. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., April 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. H. GRIERSON,

Eufaula, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have just heard of your arrival at Eufaula, and send Major Williams, of my staff, to communicate with you. He will hand you herewith copies of the latest dispatches from General Sherman,

