
from which you will see that the war is at least ended east of the Chattahoochee. The dispatch of General Johnston evidently intends to advise all commanders west of that river to arrange for similar terms. I had intended to start a courier to General Canby, but you will know how to find him more readily than any of my command. Please take such action as you may think best calculated to spread the information, and apprise General Canby of it. Major Williams will give you all the news we have. Please reciprocate, particularly with newspapers from the States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, April 30, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES AT OR NEAR EUFAULA:

I received yesterday an official announcement from Major-General Sherman, through Major-General Gillmore, commanding at Hilton Head, and Brigadier-General Vogdes, commanding at Jacksonville, Fla., that a general suspension of hostilities had been agreed upon pending the action in Washington on certain terms for a firmer and lasting peace, and directing that all destruction of public and private property should immediately cease and measures taken looking to a peace. Our arrangement of the armistice is that the respective armies should occupy their then positions, and I am informed that a U. S. officer and eleven men passed through Eufaula on 22nd instant, conveying that information to you from General Sherman. Under these circumstances I am sure you will regard the presence of your command at Eufaula as not in accordance with the armistice.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,In the Field, Sixteenth Miles west from Union Springs,

April 30, 1865-6 a.m.

Major S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Chapman arrived at these headquarters last evening at 9 o'clock, with dispatches, and I send by him this communication. In obedience to instructions, I shall move forward this morning, encamping to-night at some point to the right of Union Springs, where I desire to refit and remount a portion of my command, after which I will march to Eufaula direct, sending a courier forward announcing my approach to the place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

