
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ESAT TENNESSEE,

Knoxville, Tenn., march 22, 1865.

I. No private property will be taken possession of by officers in this district, except by officers of the quartermaster's department, who will in all cases give a proper voucher for the same, certifying on the face of the voucher that the property was taken and was necessary for public uses; that the value of the property is as stated; that the property taken has been or will be accounted for on their regular monthly returns; and also certify to the loyalty or disloyalty of the claimant, so far as known. This voucher must be approved by the commanding officer of the officer taking the property. Each officer will be held responsible to the Treasury Department for all property thus taken. The voucher given in accordance with this circular will be presented by the claimant to the disbursing quartermaster of the district, who will, if in funds, pay for the property and invoice it to the officer taking the same; or if not in funds, approve or disapprove the voucher and return it to the claimant.

II. The practice of officers taking private property indiscriminately and giving memorandum receipts therefor, thereby causing serious loss and inconvenience to the citizens of East Tennessee, is positively forbidden. Any officer violating the provisions of this order will subject himself to charges and trial by general court-martial.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

R. MORROW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 14. Louisville, Ky., March 22, 1865.

All orders heretofore issued in this department excluding the circulation of the Cincinnati Enquirer are hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, March 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: None of the troops from Cedar Point having arrived yet, and General Granger's column not being expected at this point before to-morrow night, no troops will leave beyond Dannelly's Mills in the course of to-morrow (23rd), and you are therefore requested to continue to send forward the transportation of the Sixteenth Army Corps as rapidly as the proper transportation can be had. The larger class of boats may be employed between Mobile Point, Fort Gaines, and the mouth of Fish River, while the lighter crafts will do better as tenders between that point and these headquarters. Forage and rations are very much needed. The supplies ordered to be shipped yesterday have not yet come up. They ought to be here now. Please see after them. If any change should take place, notice for the masters of steam-boats will be left with the naval station at the mouth of Fish River. You will kindly instruct the parties accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

