
morning with orders to return here. Please send word by her what you want. A larger steamer will start for Augusta as soon as she can be loaded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 1, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. GROVER,

Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: This will be handed to you, together with estimated for supplies, by Lieutenant Woodruff, acting commissary of subsistence. I have chartered the steamer Comet, and will make similar terms with another boat now on the Oconee. Until the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad can be repaired I shall be compelled to depend upon Savannah for small stores, camp and garrison equipage, and clothing. If you will direct steamers to meet my boats at Darien with such cargoes as my supply departments may require, a safe and expeditious line can be opened. Lieutenant Woodruff will explain fully the whole matter, and is authorized to act for both quartermaster's and commissary departments. Please give him such assistance as he may need, and hurry his back to this place. A number of wounded officers from my command also take passage on the Comet. They are desirous of reaching home as speedily as possible. Please assist them in getting North.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General B. D. FRY, C. S. Army, Augusta, Ga.:

Brevet Major-General Upton, of my command, left here this morning for Atlanta and Augusta, for the purpose of conferring with you. Have you heard anything further of the officer from General Johnston with dispatches for me?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

AUGUSTA, May 1, 1865.

General J. H. WILSON:

Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, who was sent with dispatch to you, has arrived. He found here order by telegraph to return. He was only sent, it seems, in case of failure of telegraph and brought the same order which you have received by telegraph.

B. D. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

GREENSBOROUGH, May 1, 1865.

IRA R. FOSTER,

Quartermaster-General of Georgia:

(Care General Fry, Augusta.)

Your dispatch received. General Sherman is not in North Carolina.

You had better make the request of General Wilson.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

