
terms as Lee surrendered to General Grant. If they disregard your summons and continue acts of hostility, they will hereafter be regarded as outlaws, and be proceeded against, pursued, and, when captured, treated as outlaws.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

(Same to Major-General Stoneman, Knoxville; Major-General Washburn, Memphis; Major-General Rousseau, Nashville; Brigadier General Edward Hatch, Eastport, Miss.; Brigadier-General Meredith, Paducah, Ky.; Colonel Smith, Clarksville, Tenn.; Major-General Palmer, Louisville, Ky.; Brigadier-General Granger, Huntsville, Ala.; Colonel Filfillan, Gallatin, Tenn.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General STEEDMAN,

Dalton, Ga.:

You are authorized to inform General Wofford that I will receive the surrender of himself and command on the terms offered in my communication of April 18, forwarded through your headquarters. Please send General Wofford an official copy of that communication, and again demand his surrender. If any of his command refuse to surrender, but continue to commit acts of hostility, either against the troops or loyal citizens of the United States or against the citizens of any of the States recently in rebellion, they will be regarded as outlaws, and so treated, whenever and wherever overtaken.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

RESACA, May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I find the road to be in good condition from Dalton to this place. The ties, which are new, have not been disturbed. The telegraph poles are all right, and the wire undisturbed except down in a few places. The railroad from Resaca to Cartersville is reported undisturbed.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

RESACA, May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff;

Your dispatch received directing me to concentrate my forces at Resaca and await orders. Please telegraph me at Chattanooga how much of my command the general desires me to concentrate at Dalton. I have now ordered General Judah's, entire.

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 1, 1865.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

It was intended that you should concentrate only your movable column with which you were to operate against Wofford at Resaca. You will now, however, take measures to compel Wofford's surrender in accordance with terms of General Thomas' dispatch of this morning.

