
ASHEVILLE, N. C., May 1, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I arrived at this place yesterday afternoon, and received the following dispatch from Colonel Brown, dated four miles east of Henderson, N. C., April 29, 1865:

Brigadier-General TILLSON:

I have the honor to inform you that the Second and Third Brigades, Cavalry Division, will march this morning for Anderson, S. C., via Jones' Gap and Pickensville. The distance to Anderson is about sixty-five miles. General Palmer was at Rutherfordton last night, the 28th instant. I have sent a dispatch suggesting that he join me at Anderson.

S. B. BROWN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

This shows that General Brown has received your dispatch of the 27th ultimo, which I sent him by courier on the same date from Greenville. Your dispatch of the 29th ultimo went forward this morning in charge of Major Lawson, commanding 150 cavalry, a large portion of which I have picked up on my way here. Major Lawson also took the dispatch which the cavalry commander is directed to try and deliver to General Wilson. This last dispatch reached me this morning. Major Lawson will follow the route taken by General Brown. The two North Carolina regiments reached this place this morning, and Colonel Kirk, with his regiment, has moved on toward Saluda Gap, which place he will reach to-morrow; distance, thirty-two miles. The colored regiment, with the wagons, will not arrive at this place before to-morrow, as the roads are very bad; made worse by recent rains. We came what is known as the New Stock road by Allen's Stand, somewhat nearer than the Warm Springs road, which is effectually blockaded. I shall, if necessary, go forward to the gap in the Blue Ridge, to be held by the infantry, to see that all arrangements are made to carry into execution the orders of the major-general commanding, and afterward return to Greensville, unless I receive other instructions. I have requested the commanding officer of the cavalry, in case he could not hear of Jeff. Davis and return to borders of South Carolina, as indicated in the general's dispatch of the 27th ultimo, or in case he found it necessary to cut loose altogether from his communication with my force not to return that way, to give me early information of the fact, as I take it for granted the general commanding does not desire to keep the infantry in or about the gaps longer than may be absolutely necessary, on account of the difficulty of furnishing them supplies.

Very respectfully,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, Asheville, N. C., May 1, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have just received a dispatch from Colonel Palmer, dated Mooresville, thirty-seven miles from Yorkville, on the road from Rutherfordton to Yorkville, April 29, 1865, acknowledging the receipt of General Stoneman's dispatch of April 27. He had heard of the surrender of Johnston's army on the 26th, but says it was reported that Hampton's

