
cavalry was not included in the surrender, and that they will try to make their way out of the country. He states that a chaplain just from Yorkville, in whose statements he places entire reliance, says that Jeff. Davis with escort, Dibrell's division, two brigades of cavalry, left Yorkville the morning of the 28th, taking the Unionville road. They had a number of wagons reported to be loaded with specie. Other accounts say that the specie left Charlotte on the 15th ultimo in eleven wagons for Black Stocks with a guard of 200 infantry. Colonel Palmer's informant saw Secretaries Breckinridge and Benjamin, and says Dibrell's command was admirably mounted. Colonel Palmer thinks Jeff. Davis command was admirably mounted. Colonel Palmer thinks Jeff. Davis and party will go either through Lawrenceville or Abbeville, probably the former, to Belton, Anderson [Court-House], and across the river to Carnesville, Ga., and then across through or north of atlanta to avoid Wilson's cavalry. Colonel Palmer states that Dibrell's command numbers from 1,500 to 2,500, and that it is possible they may be joined by Duke's and Ferguson's commands. Colonel Palmer has moved his brigade by way of Island Ford, Broad River, and Greenville to Pendleton, S. C., and has given the necessary directions to Colonel Brown to enable him to join his command. Colonel Palmer states that if able to communicate with my force again it will probably be by the way of Rabun Gap. He thinks Asheville too far north for the headquarters of the infantry, and suggests that it be made at Webster or Franklin. He also suggests that the gaps from Hickory-Nut Gap to Saluda Gap included be blockaded and that the gaps west of that, if any, be held by the infantry. The reason given for blockading the first-mentioned gaps, to wit, to enable a few men to pick up many stragglers from Johnston's army, who might become guerrillas. I deem it insufficient, and shall not adopt. Colonel Kirk informs me that the large body of the guerrillas remaining in this country are now on the roads leading from this place to Waynesville, Webster, and Franklin. He states that the country is rich in produce of all kinds, and will furnish all needed supplies for the men and animals of his command. For the double purpose of exterminating the guerrillas and opening communication with the cavalry, I have decided to send the two North Carolina regiments over this route with instructions to hold Rabun Gap and the gaps adjacent to it, east and west. The colored regiments will remain at Asheville until I can receive further instructions from the major-general commanding the district.

Very respectfully,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 1, 1865.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Inclosed dispatch received here at 10 a. m.:

GEORGETOWN, KY., May 1, 1865.

Captain BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am here with my command. Will wait one hour, after which I will proceed to Mount Sterling via Paris. Forty rebel scouts were in our advance. There are many rebel scouts through the counties of Owen, Grant, and Harrison.

W. O'NEAL,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Kentucky Infantry.

W. A. BROWN,

Lieutenant and Asst. Commissary of Musters and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

