SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 113, Memphis, Tenn., May 1, 1865.

A guerrilla hunt will commence on the morning of the 3rd day of May, and will be prosecuted in the following manner: On Wednesday morning Colonel Cameron will move 200 men to Holly Springs and capture anything he can find there; he will take a telegraph operator with him and endeavor to obtain rebel dispatches. On the morning of the 4th at 4 o'clock 200 men will leave La Fayette and move by different roads to Byhalia, and on the same morning 200 men will leave Collierville for Byhalia, moving so as to thoroughly scour the country north of the Coldwater. The forces converging at Byhalia will thoroughly scour the country south of the Coldwater as far south and west as Senatobia, and as much farther as there is probability of catching a guerrilla, and having accomplished all that is possible will return to La Fayette and Collierville. One hundred men will leave Germantown on the morning of the 4th at 4 o'clock and beat up the country thoroughly as far as the Coldwater. From Olive Branch the command will divide, one-half going to the Coldwater on the Byhalia road, and the other to the crossing on the road to Cochrum's Cross-Roads; this command will not cross Coldwater, but will return to Germantown. On the morning of the 4th at 4 o'clock 100 men will leave Memphis on the Pigeon Roost road and beat up the country to Byhalia, and from there will strike across, via Pleasant Hill, to Hernando; and at the same hour in the morning another column of 100 men will leave Memphis on the Hernando road and will spread out and scour the country to Hernando and the Coldwater. The troops will all take forty rounds of ammunition; those from Memphis and Germantown will take three days' rations, those from Collierville four days', and those from La Fayette five days', ant they will take as much forage as they can carry. There must be no straggling or plundering, and if forage or subsistence has to be taken receipts will be given, and the parties instructed to present their receipts during the month at Memphis for settlement. People in the country will be kindly treated, but must be informed that if they are known to harbor or encourage guerrillas hereafter they shall be utterly destroyed. Should the murderers Fort and Mat Luxton be caught they will be disposed of by a drumhead court-martial, and if rebel soldier are captured it will be reported whether they are captured in arms or not.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. M. MORGAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 1, 1865.

General DANA,

Commanding at Vicksburg:

Station troops at Rodney or in that vicinity at once, with cavalry to patrol the river and prevent all rebels from crossing it. It is probable Jeff. Davis and his cabinet will try to cross; if they do, it will be between the mouth of Black River and Natchez. Call upon the navy to co-operate, and make every preparation to intercept him if he should. Notify the commander at Baton Rouge to the same effect, and communicate here to me.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

