HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 1, 1865.

Mr. Allan Pinkerton, of the U. S. special service, and any person or persons designated by him to act with him, or in his behalf, are hereby permitted to pass anywhere within the limits of this military division and beyond the lines for the purpose of capturing the murderer of Abraham Lincoln and his associates, in case they should attempt to conceal themselves in this portion of the country or endeavor to escape across the Mississippi River. Mr. Pinkerton will also give his attention to Jeff. Davis and the members of his cabinet and other noted rebel leaders, should similar attempts be made by them. Commanding officers within the limits of this command are instructed to furnish every facility within their reach for the above-named purposes.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 1, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: The suspension of hostilities existing between our own and the rebel armies having been disapproved by the president, you will at once give notice to the commander of the enemy's troops in your front east of the Mississippi that forty-eight hours after the receipt of such notice aggressive movements may commence again. General Steele is directed to operate from Selma against the remainder of Taylor's army, now at or near Meridian, and you are hereby ordered to cause such co-operative movements as will endanger and, if possible, destroy the enemy's lines of communication and force them to surrender. As it is feared that Jeff. Davis and his cabinet will attempt, during the existing agreement of truce, to escape into Mexico, via Texas, you will [take] such measures as will enable you, so far as the means at your disposal allow, effectually to control the Mississippi River and prevent the execution of this scheme. You will also please to request the co-operation of the gun-boats on the Mississippi and recommend increased zeal and vigilance in this performance of their patrol duty. With the proper precautions and sleepless vigilance it is believed that those archtraitors may be prevented from escaping.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Banks.)

MOBILE, ALA., May 1, 1865.

(Received 3 a. m. 8th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

At the request of Lieutenant-General Taylor, I had a personal conference with him in the neighborhood of this city on the 29th ultimo, designing to offer him the same terms as were given the Army of Northern Virginia. At the movement of starting I received from General Wilson a copy of Sherman's order to suspend hostilities, and consented

