
to the application of this arrangement to that part of this division east of the Mississippi. Yesterday, the 30th, I received from the Secretary of War information that the armistice had been disapproved by the President, and immediately sent notice to General Taylor that hostilities would be resumed at the expiration of the forty-eight hours required by Sherman's agreement. Wilson, Steele, and Smith had previously received and acted upon Sherman's order. Fortunately this action will involve no delay in operations, as the supplies for Smith's and Wilson's commands will hardly reach them before the expiration of this period. I will be able to gather transportation enough for the movement upon Galveston by the 15th instant. The bulk of the expedition will sail from thai place. I have proposed to General Taylor the surrender of his army upon the conditions given by you to Lee, and expect his answer on the 3rd instant.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, May 1, 1865-3.40 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have been here since 3.30 this a. m., waiting for a train to arrive, but as yet none has come. General Taylor telegraphed me this a. m. that a train would be sent for me as soon as possible. He now sends the inclosed to me to be presented to you at once. I will forward them by courier, and send General Taylor a dispatch stating that my dispatches are in reference to the inclosed news and of an important nature.

Very respectfully,

A. A. PERKINS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] MERIDIAN, May 1, 1865.

Colonel P. B. SPENCE:

You will give the following to General Canby's staff officer with the request that he will present the same without delay to Major-General Canby.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, May 1, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding at Mobile:

I have just received the following by telegraph, dated at Grenada this day, which I forward for your information:

The following dispatch was received from Richmond by Stanton, Secretary of War, at Washington, April 27.

Respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Halleck to Stanton, Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 311. For inclosures Nos. 2 and 3, see Beauregard to Cobb, Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 814, and Anderson to Cobb, transmitting General Orders, Numbers 14, Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 817.

---------------

