
The boats brought between ten and fifteen days' rations for the whole command. As the water in the Alabama river is falling very rapidly, I would advise that boats of sufficient light draft be sent up with supplies as fast as possible. The railroad from here to Tensas Station could be put in order in ten days, or perhaps less time. There is but very little damage done the road between here and Pollard. Please inform me if the general commanding wishes the road repaired. Pensacola would be our best depot, but the road from Pollard to that point would require new ties and rails almost the entire distance. The coal mine company of Selma wish to repair the railroads to the coal mines. They offer to furnish the Government all the coal that may be required if allowed to put the roads in order. It is very difficult to procure fuel for transports and gun-boats, and is the cause of much delay. If hostilities should be resume this difficulty will be greatly increased. Everybody here appears to be under the impression that there is an armistice which applies to all the armies in the field. I hope to hear from headquarters on that subject soon. The first men in Alabama, members of the State government included, are anxious to assemble the Legislature for the purpose of calling a convention to annul the ordinance of secession. They say that all parties are now united on this subject, and that two thirds of the people of the State will take up arms to put down the rebels if allowed to do so. The following-named prominent men called on me to-day and informed me that a petition on this subject would be presented to me this p. m. I shall refer it to the general commanding: J. J. Seibels, J. C. Bradley, L. E. Parsons. I send the steam-boats back to Mobile with guards from the division of Hawkins and Andrews. I hope they will be ordered back immediately with transports loaded with rations. Captain Harmony suggests the propriety of asking the admiral to send up two or three light-draft gunboats to act as convoys.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. McIntosh Bluff, Ala., May 1, 1865.

The Second Brigade of this division and the Twenty-sixth New York Battery will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow in light marching order and with four days' rations. Colonel Day will proceed with his command to the Winston Settlement about twenty-five miles distant) and return at the end of four days, bringing in all the stock and forage he can gather up in the country through which he marches. He will take with him all his wagons and as many as hall be sent him by the division quartermaster. Captain D. K. Hall, commissary of subsistence, will accompany the expedition and give memorandum receipts for the property taken appertaining to his department. Colonel Day will take with him as a guide Mr. Vaughn, to be found in the Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteers. He will leave his pickets and guards and the officer in charge of his picket-line. The fatigue detail heretofore ordered from his brigade will not be made. All officers will be held to a strict accountability for the discipline of their men on the march, and all straggling and pillaging prevented.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Benton:

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

36 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

