
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 6. Eufaula, Ala., May 1, 1865.

For the maintenance of order in Eufaula during its occupation by the Federal forces the following rules will be observed: First. The soldier of this command are forbidden to interfere with the persons or property of citizens. Second. During the existing armistice Confederate officers and soldiers will be permitted to pass to their home unmolested. Third. Citizens will continue their legitimate business, but will not be allowed to congregate upon the streets. Fourth. The patrol heretofore organized by the civil authorities will confine themselves to the government of citizens and Confederate soldiers, and will not interfere with the U. S. forces. Fifth. Captain E. E. Thornton is announced as provost-marshal, and a sufficient provost guard has been organized to insure quiet and order.

By order of Brevet Major-General Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Eufaula, Ala., May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. LUCAS,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 30th of April have just been received. I am also just in receipt of official copies of dispatches from General Sherman announcing the termination of the war east of the Chattahoochee River, copies of which are herewith inclosed.* If you are in the vicinity of supplies when this reaches you, remain until joined by this portion of the command; otherwise move by easy stages toward Montgomery. We shall leave here on the 3rd for that point. the officer who brings this will proceed immediately to Montgomery with dispatches.

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Union Springs, Ala., May 1, 1865.

Major S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

An officer direct from Montgomery has just reported to my headquarters, with verbal message from Major-General Smith. Upon my arrival at Union Springs yesterday I found a number of wagons, constituting headquarters trains of several Confederate general officers, which were being moved westward. There I have taken charge of, as I think it may be a violation of the terms of the armistice to move them, and I have not yet decided whether to release them or not. General's Buford and Robertson, C. S. Army, passed my right flank yesterday, reported to be on their way home. I have met many Confederate soldiers on the road, traveling west, who say their officers told them to go home for twenty days. Most of these have belonged to General Buford's command, which is a portion of General Taylor's army. Some

---------------

*See Wilson to Grierson, April 30,p. 532.

---------------

