
of them are armed. These I parole and disarm. Brigadier-General Pillow, C. S. Army, just left my headquarters. He has no command at present, and being near here, waiting the arrival of his daughter at Union Springs, with whom he designs to go to the Tennessee River, he called upon me. Upon ascertaining he was traveling in private capacity and on no public business, I permitted him to go on. I shall probably move forward by the way of Midway and Spring Hill to-morrow. The terms of the armistice are so vague that I am considerably interrupted in adjusting questions I meet to which it relates. I will send a courier in advance of me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Baton Rouge, La.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you enter at once upon active operations with the force under your command. The rebel troops under General Dick Taylor are very much reduced and demoralized. The debris of General Maury's division is fast crumbling away, the remnant (now in the vicinity of Meridian) not numbering over 1,500; and it is stated that Forrest's cavalry, having grown demoralized after the defeat at Selma, now utterly refuse to leave the State of Mississippi. Further, there is cause to believe that Jeff. Davis and the rebel cabinet will avail themselves of the opportunity afforded by the armistice recently concluded between Sherman and Johnston, and endeavor to escape into Texas and Mexico. This armistice having been annulled by the President, you will at once break all lines of communication within your reach, and scour the country effectually in all directions, with the special view of preventing the above scheme from being carried into effect. With the proper energy and rapidity of movement, you will no doubt be able to accomplish the desired result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida, Barrancas, Fla.:

SIR: In consequence of the recent surrender of General Lee and the Army of Northern Virginia, is is surmised that the rest of the rebel forces will soon follow the same course, and that there will be nothing left for Jeff. Davis, the members of his cabinet, and other noted rebel leaders than either to give themselves up to the authorities of the United States, or make an effort to escape by way of the Mississippi River, Texas, and Mexico, or from some point on the sea-coast. To prevent the accomplishment of such a scheme at any point within your control, you will please to have the country will scoured by patrols, and take such other measures with the same view as the means at your disposal will allow. Naval commanders in the waters adjoining your

