
district should be requested to co-operate to the fullest extent. It is supposed that the murderer of the late President and his associate may endeavor to elude justice by hiding themselves or trying to escape; they also will receive due attention, should they come within your reach.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Brigadier General John Newton, commanding District of Key West and Tortugas, Key West, Fla.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 2, 1865-4 p. m. (Received 6.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I received your dispatch of 3 p. m. yesterday. The present condition of the inhabitants of North Georgia and Alabama is extremely embarrassing to them and they are reduced to the verge of despair. I have this morning received a letter from a citizens of Ringgold, Ga., asking in the name of the people of North Georgia if the people of that section of the State properly petition the President for the appointment of a man chosen by the loyal voters of that section as military governor that their petition will be granted, and if so assured they request authority to be given them to hold and election, not only to select their military governor, but to provide for the election of county officers, so as to be prepared to reorganize and re-establish civil law in the portion of the State north of the Etowah as soon as possible. As the appointment of a military governor for a portion of, or for the whole State, will not embarrass the Government in any future measures which it might be deemed necessary to take for the organization of the civil functions of the State, I earnestly recommend that military governors be appointed for both Georgia and Alabama, as the people will be thereby encouraged to exert themselves to restor the civil law, and that the people of each county be authorized to hold elections for the proper county officers, who, if approved of by the military governor, will enter upon the discharge of their duties as soon as notified of such approval. As I neither desired nor intended to ask to leave this departments as long as my services are need here, I recommended that Major-General Steedman might be permitted to go to Washington to explain fully the present condition of affairs in those States, as he is well acquainted with them.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 2, 1865. (Received 5 p. m.)

General U. S. GRANT:

I have detailed Colonel C. H. Carlton, Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, and captain Fourth U. S. Infantry, to relieve Brigadier-General Meredith in command of Paducah.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

