
Corps, bearing an active and conspicuous part in the battle of Stone's River, December 31. Moving forward with the advance of the army from Murfreesborough his troops under his command met and defeated the enemy in the engagements of June 24 and 25, 1863, at Liberty Gap, for which the command was highly complimented by Major-General Rosecrans. Continuing with the army in its further advance he was ordered, September 19, 1863, to report with his division to myself, and he acted under my orders throughout the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20, 1863, capturing seven pieces of artillery and many prisoners, and was subsequently favorably mentioned both by Major-General Rosecrans and myself. In this bloody engagement his troops did their whole duty and did it well. After the battle of Chickamauga, the Twentieth Army Corps being broken up, General Johnson was assigned to the command of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and took part in the battle of Missionary ridge and subsequent pursuit of Bragg, capturing four pieces of artillery, horses and harness complete. In the spring of 1864 General Johnson, with his command as a part of the army of the Cumberland, participated in the marches, skirmishes, and engagements of the campaign against Atlanta, particularly at Resaca and New Hope Church, at which latter place he was severely wounded. By order of Major-General Sherman, August 23, 1864, General Johnson was assigned to duty as chief of cavalry, Military Division of he Mississippi, and or the satisfactory acknowledgment from Major-General Sherman. Being relieved by orders from the War Department, General Johnston was, in November, 1864, assigned to the Sixth Cavalry Division, Military Division of the Mississippi, with which command he rendered efficient and valuable service in the battle of December 15 and 16 before Nashville, and the subsequent pursuit of the fragments of Hood's army in their retreat, doing much toward [its] further demoralization and capturing many prisoners. Since the braking out of the rebellion General Johnson has remained at the post of duty, except when absent by reason of sickness or wounds, and for the greater portion of the time has been at the extreme front. Faithful and zealous he has done much toward the general success, and I therefore recommend his appointment as a major-general of volunteers, or, in case there be no vacancy, that he may be brevetted a major-general of volunteers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

By the President of the United States of America:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, it appears from evidence in the Bureau of Military Justice that the atrocious murder of the late President Abraham Lincoln, and the attempted assassination of the Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State, were incited, concerted, and procured by and between Jefferson Davis, late of Richmond, Va., and Jacob Thompson, Clement C. Clay, Beverly Tucker, George N. Sanders, William C. Cleary, and other rebels and tractors against the Government of the United States harbored in Canada:

Now, therefore, to the end that justice may be done, I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, do offer and promise for the arrest

