
of said persons, or either of them, within the limits of the United States, so that they can be brought to trial, the following rewards: $100,000 for the arrest of Jefferson Davis; $25,000 for the arrest of Clement C. Clay; $25,000 for the arrest of Jacob Thompson, late of Mississippi; $25,000 for the arrest of George N. sanders; $25,000 for the arrest of Beverly tucker; $1,000 for the arrest of William C. Cleary, late clerk of Clement C. Clay. The Provost-Marshal-General of the United States is directed to cause a description of said persons, with notice of the above rewards, to be published.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and cause the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 2nd day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-ninth.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of States.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 201. Washington, May 2, 1865.

* * * *

4. Bvt. Major General John E. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of West Tennessee, this assignment to take effect the 1st day of June, proximo.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 27. Nashville, Tenn., May 2, 1865.

I. Commanding officers within this department are forbidden to take any measure or to make any order whereby any loyal citizens, or other citizen of good personal character, shall be deprived of his or her personal liberty on the complaint of any one seeking to collect a debt or other claim of any kind, except in those cases where by the laws of the State in which the complaint is made, and which were by the laws of the State in which the complain is made, and which were in force prior to the rebellion, imprisonment is the penalty prescribed on judgment or decree, obtained in a court of competent jurisdiction.

II. It is also ordered that in all cases a criminal nature, excepting military offenses, parties may be held on bond with sureties, before trial, whenever in similar cases by the laws of the State in which the case arises, and which were in force prior to the rebellion, bail was allowed.

III. Military authority should sustain, not assume, the functions of civil authority, except where the unsettled state of society requires such assumption, as a last resource, to preserve peace and quiet.

IV. All orders heretofore made in this department inconsistent with the foregoing are hereby revoked, and all persons affected thereby will be released from arrest or imprisonment, in compliance with the conditions of the above order.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

