
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 30. Knoxville, Tenn., May 2, 1865.

I. In compliance with paragraph XI, Special Orders, Numbers 103, current series, from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, Major J. A. Fitch Illinois Light Artillery, is hereby assigned to duty and announced as chief of artillery of this district. He will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ASHEVILLE, N. C., May 2, 1865-p. m.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Three deserters from Johnston's army came in this p. m. They state positively that they saw Jeff. Davis and party pass through Charlotte Wednesday, the 26th ultimo. They had several wagons and were guarded by Dibrell's command, of which Ferguson's cavalry forms a part. They state that the whole force did not exceed 1,000, and that the soldiers, especially those from the States of Kentucky and Tennessee, were badly dispirited. I do not think it probable that any armed force of the enemy will attempt to hold [any] pass though the gap in the Blue Ridge north or east of Ragun Gap. I think it altogether probable that if the cavalry return through the Blue Ridge it will be at some gap southwest of [Rabun] Gap. From what I can learn I am led to believe that the two North Carolina regiments will be sufficient to clear the mountains of guerrillas, and that they will be able to supply themselves from the country. I have fifteen days' supplies here for the command now stationed at this point. I expect to start for Greenville on the morning of the 4th instant.

D. TILLSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., May 2, 1865.

Major General J. M. PLAMER,

Carlinville, Ill.:

General Meredith says he cannot give the number of Lyon's command. his forces are scattered through the country. Orders have been received from Major-General Thomas to send, by flag of truce, to all bands of armed men in the State a summons to surrender on the same terms as Lee surrendered. If not accepted, they shall then be treated as outlaws. By General Hobson's order, I have instructed Meredith and Murray accordingly.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PADUCAH, May 2, 1865.

Captain J. B. DICKSON:

The number of Lyon's command was not named. His forces are scattered through the country.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

