
PADUCAH, May 2, 1865.

Captain J. B. DICKSON:

A rebel force of 120 men crossed the Tennessee River near Fort Heiman Saturday evening. I sent out a scout to watch their movements and find they cross Cumberland River at Eddyville yesterday. I have sent 150 cavalry on boat to land at Eddyville and pursue them, and respectfully request that you send out a force to co-operate with them.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN KENTUCKY,Paducah, Ky., May 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM P. MOORE,

Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you assume command of the expedition for the Cumberland River, composed of detachments of your own regiment and the Seventh Tennessee Cavalry; that you proceed from here to Smithland on steamer Tacony, and after taking on board a detachment of cavalry there awaiting your arrival you continue up the Cumberland to Eddyville; there disembark your command and pursue the rebels with your cavalry, holding your infantry in such position as may seem to you most effective to prevent the enemy recrossing the river, or to capture them if they attempt it. If they succeed in recrossing the river, have couriers in readiness to send information immediately to these headquarters. Use every exertion to capture the rebel force or drive them from the country.

By order of Brigadier General S. Meredith:

A. F. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., May 2, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. H. MURRAY,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

General Meredith reports a rebel force of 150 crossed the Tennessee at Fort Heiman on Saturday and the Cumberland at Eddyville yesterday. he has sent cavalry from Eddyville to pursue them. In General Palmer's absence you will please take proper action in the matter.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 2, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Vicksburg:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that orders be issued to commanders of troops within the limits of your department to cease all offensive operations and destruction of property, except so far as they might be necessary to counteract aggressive movements on the part of the enemy. The troops will, however, continue to be kept well in hand

