
ask that they may be withdrawn from that town, as their being there is contrary to the spirit of the armistice, no troops going in the occupancy of that place at the time of agreement to the armistice. A communication from Colonel Royston, late commandant of the post of Selma, will also be handed you, to which I beg to call your attention and invite your action. Lieutenant-General Taylor informs me that it was expressly agreed between himself and General Canby that the repairs on the railroad between here and Selma should proceed, and consequently the work on Cahawba bridge is continued. It is not intended to fix that end of the road for military purposes.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Selma, Ala., May 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mobile:

COLONEL: I inclose for your information a copy of a communication to General Steele; also copy of a circular I am about to issue in regard to freed people. This latter subject is full of difficulties, and if further instructions can be sent to me I shall be glad. It has occurred to me it would be advisable to recommend the colored people to continue to work on the plantations they now live upon, rather than run the risk of moving a great distance in this hot weather on transports, and of encountering unexpected privations in strange places. But I have hesitated about saying anything on the general subject, and yet I would be glad to do anything to save them from being ever again reduced to slavery. As I am called on to get out coal for steamers passing up and down, I would be glad that my quartermaster, Captain Garcelon, might have authority to hire, say, fifty contraband laborers. I do not like to work soldiers in hot weather on the levee in business not connected with the command. I have no cavalry at all. Colonel Spurling with his force could be of great benefit here. The superintendent of the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad leading to Talladega this morning inquired if the railroad company could go on and repair the road. I told him to wait further developments. The people are well disposed and I hope peace is near.

I have the honor to be, respectfully and truly, yours,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Selma, Ala., May 1, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: I will commence a letter now giving you an account of matters that have occurred and will continue it as occasion requires till a transport for Montgomery arrives. The citizens appear quite friendly and express much satisfaction at the conduct of the troops. I expect it will be necessary to feed some of the people; am endeavoring to get a list of the dependent and hope it will be small. West of the Cahawba River and for some distance on both sides of the railroad leading

37 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

