
to Demopolis provisions and forage are said to be very abundant. Some apply the term inexhaustible. East of the Alabama there is a reasonable supply, but north of here the country, after getting eight or ten miles, is comparatively lean, gradually merging into the mineral region. On Saturday, the 29th, I sent 1509 men about seven miles toward the Cahawba River for cattle and they were small. Yesterday a flag of truce came to my lines from Marrion, having been sent by Colonel Royston with a communication of which the inclosed is a copy. The bearers consisted of four commissioned officers and one enlisted man. Two of my staff officers were sent to receive it. On reading the communication I rather surmised it was a sort of subterfuge. I did not reply to Colonel Royston, but wrote a note to my senior staff officer to assure the bearer that I knew of no Federal force committing depredations as complained of; that I should, so far as I had any control, take nothing from the country uncles it was absolutely needed; that in regard to an armistice in operation here, I knew of none, but hoped one might be agreed upon. The flag of truce was then sent back. I afterward learned that the officers bearing it had special business in town, which renders it more probable the flag of truce was not really authorized. Colonel Royston has no troops under him at Marion. I learn from a source which seems entitled to credit, that Jeff. Davis has within a few days passed through Centerville on his way west to the trans-Mississippi; also that Hood crossed the Cahawba near here about three days ago, alone, going west. the rebels seem to think the war is really at an end. I was agreeably surprised this afternoon to be waited upon by a committee of citizens with a copy of the proceedings of a respectable and rather large meeting of the people called by the mayor, at which a resolution complimentary to the troops was passed, and another in which they declare that they "will cheerfully abide by the treaty of peace, of whatsoever kind it may be, to be agreed upon by the constituted authorities of the late belligerent sections, and in the meantime will use our best endeavors to hasten a cordiality of feeling, " &amp;c.

Tuesday, May 2, 1865.-The Tarascon, from Montgomery with Thirty-seventh Illinois, reported here early this morning. A man who came in this morning and who left Meridian Sunday night, reports that Dick Taylor was there and that it was reported he had offered to surrender his department to General Canby and that the offer was accepted. He reports that Forrest, with 3,000 men, is at Bainesville, and that Maury's forces, numbering about 4,000 are at Cuba Station. There are rumors this morning of 5,000 rebels being at Marison Junction, but I think they are without foundation.

I have the honor to be, yours, truly,

C. C. ANDERWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MARION, ALA., April 29, 1865.

Major-General WILSON, or

OFFICER COMMANDING FEDERAL FORCES AT SELMA, ALA.:

SIR: Lieutenant Matthews, the bearer of this flag of truce, goes to Selma to inform you that reports reach he that a Federa force is depredating the country south of the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad in Dallas and adjoining counties. i protest against this raid, as it is contrary to the understanding, as I am informed, of the opposing commanders of the departments, of the letter and spirit of the armistice recently agreed upon. If such is your construction of the recent

