
dispatches on the subject of the armistice instructions should be given to stop these raids on the part of the Federal forces. If, on the contrary, offensive movements are to continue on the part of the Federal forces it is proper and right our people should know it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

Y. L. ORYSTON,

Colonel, Commanding Military Post of Selma, Ala.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCE, Selma, Ala., May 2, 1865.

The following clause of General Orders, Numbers 13, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La., February 1, 1865, is republished for the information of all parties concerned:

11. As the care and support of freedmen is devolved upon the Treasure Department by the law of July 2, 1864, all persons of that class now under the control of the army, except such as are in the military service by enlistment, contract, or hire, and military posts within the insurrectionary districts, will be turned over to the proper agents of the Treasure Department.

From the foregoing it appears that all unemployed freedmen who may be found at our in the vicinity of any military posts, &amp;c., will be turned over to the proper agents of the Treasury Department. In order to ascertain who are employed, the following will be carried into effect: The freed people at this post and vicinity who are employed by any white person, either by contract or hire, are required within eight days from the date hereof to bring and exhibit at this office a certificate in writing by the employer, setting forth that they are employed, and the rate of compensation. Such freed people as are unemployed by white persons must bring a certificate in writing within the time prescribed, signed or approved by a white person, setting forth that the freed person therein named is engaged in some occupation and can sustain himself or herself and family. Freed people who do not furnish certificates that they are engaged in some employment can be sent to the proper agent of the Treasure Department, so far as transportation is available.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE C. GARRESTON,

Captain, Sixty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., May 2, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the tools will be sent you at once, and that General Canby is anxious that the work be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. As soon as the fort is in readiness the major-general commanding directs that you designate a garrison of 1,000 men from your command to temporarily occupy it, and notify him of the fact of completion and what troops will constitute the garrison. Your troops are needed for other duty as soon as the work can be completed, and the troops detached for garrison duty will soon be enabled to rejoin you, as they will be relieved as early as possible from another command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

