
his flanks and rear are properly protected, and will keep his troops well in hand to guard against surprise. Reports will be made to these headquarters by every steamer leaving Fort Gaines as long as there are any of the cavalry left at Navy Cove.

3. The chief quartermaster of the division will replace the fatigue details now employed at the depots of Dauphin Island and Mobile Point, and belonging to organizations designated for fire service, by civilians hired in the city of New Orleans.

4. The officer commanding the cavalry at Navy Cove, Ala., will detach 150 to 200 picked men, under first-class offices, to proceed as soon as a light-draft steamer can be furnished, to Smith's Mills, on Fish River, and report to the major-general for special service. The chief quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, March 22, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The First Brigade, Second Division, of your corps has arrived here and crossed the river. General Canby directs me to say that you may on your arrival at the river cross all of your command except one brigade, which is to be left east of the river. Colonel Bertram's command, if out of rations, can be supplied in the course of the afternoon from boats, and it will be unnecessary to send back to the train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, on Fish River, March 22, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

SIR: The major-general commanding has instructed Captain Palfrey to leave this place early to-morrow morning with a view of exploring the roads toward Magnolia and to the head of your column. He will lay before you a full report as to the condition and practicability of these roads, in order that you may select the one which is in your opinion the most preferable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, March 22, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a dispatch just received from Brigadier-General Benton for the information of the major

