HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 2, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. H. GRIERSON:

GENERAL: Since sending Major Williams to you I have received various dispatches from the North, extracts from which I send you herewith by Lieutenant Noyes, aide-de-camp. There is no longer a doubt of the complete collapse of the so-called Confederacy. General Johnston has surrendered everything under his command, including all the troops east of the Georgia line. There remains nothing else to be done except to capture the rebel chiefs and their treasure, and break up the forces in Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas. From the extracts you will see the importance of your joining General Canby as soon as possible. On your route I would advise you to keep a sharp lookout for Jeff. Davis. It is well understood that he is trying to reach the trans-Mississippi. I have sent General Upton to receive the surrender of the troops at Augusta and Atlanta, and shall start General McCook to Tallahassee. Please forward copies of the inclosed documents to General Canby.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Eufaula., Ala., May 2, 1865.

Major General SAML. JONES, C. S. Army:

Your communication of this date is at hand.* I arrived at eufaula with my command before receiving official notice of the armistice. The suspension of hostilities was between the armies of Generals Sherman and Johnston, and related to the country east of the Chattahoochee. As I am not under General Sherman's orders I do not consider that it relates to me, but I have respected it as far as was in my power and have protected private property. By the terms of convention between Generals Sherman and Johnston, official copies of which I received last night, the war has been ended east of the Chattanoochee. I will furnish the operator with official copies of the dispatches. I have no doubt that similar negotiations will take place between the armies west.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1865-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Philadelphia:

The railroad between Knoxville and Bristol is finished to within twenty-five mile of the Virginia State line. Shall the work be continued? General Meigs recommends its discontinuance.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See April 30, p. 533.

---------------

