
Louisville Journal, and an officer of rank in rebel army,recently paroled, is at Chattanooga, wishing to return to Louisville, his farther's home. I hold him at Chattanooga, according to published orders of War Department, until I hear from you

GOE. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 3, 1865.

ASA SEWARD,

Ringgold, Ga.:

There will be no impropriety in the loyal citizens of Northern Georgia petitioning the President of the United States to appoint a military governor for that region of the State. You can forward your petition through General J. B. Steedman, commanding District of the Etowah. To assist and encourage the people in their efforts to secure civil authority, I will act, until a military governor be appointed, upon all such cases as require the action of the Governor by the laws of the State which were in force before the rebellion (my action being subject of course to the approval of the President or my superiors in office). You can, therefore, proceed to elect all the necessary civil officers where there are vacancies in the several counties, under the authority given in paragraph 3, of General Orders, Numbers 21, April 13, current series, which officers (if in my judgment I deem them proper person to fill the office to which they have been elected) I will confirm and authorize them to perform the functions of said office under the laws of the State which were in force before the rebellion, except in such cases as may have and bearing on the former status of the negro. In all civil proceedings hereafter the negro must, whenever concerned, be regarded and treated as a free man. I believe under the above instructions and those contained in General Orders, Numbers 21, the people can, if they desire, completely restore the civil law. I would advise that the people of Georgia pursue the same course as that perused by the people of Tennessee as the best to restore the State to its position in the Union. My public duties, I fear, will not admit of my meeting the convention of the people of North Georgia on the 9th proximo.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 3, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of April 27 was received yesterday. All the forces east of the Chattahoochee have capitulated under the terms of the agreement between Sherman and Johnston. I have sent General Upton to receive the surrender of Augusta and Atlanta and shall send McCook to Tallahassee, Fla, keeping the troops here on lookout for Jeff. Davis. I shall spare no effort to apprehend him. I don't think it practicable for him to get through in any other way than as a fugitive. I this reported that he has already slipped through, though I cannot trace the report to any reliable source. He had time, traveling rapidly and in disguise, to have done so since he was at Charlotte. Grierson had reached Eufaula, Ala., day before yesterday. I have sent him instructions

