
to look out for rebel chief and to go at once, via Montgomery, to Selma and beyond. This country is absolutely subjugated. Shall arrange for the surrender of the military to-morrow. Will write fully by Colonel Woodall, who leaves to-morrow.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 3, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Colonel Woodall, of General Judah's command, delivered to me yesterday an official copy of your dispatch of April 26 in regard to the resumption of hostilities and the terms of capitulation which I might offer to the commanding generals of the rebel forces in Georgia, Alabama, or Mississippi. I also received yesterday your dispatch of 12 m., April 27, in regard to military operations and the apprehension of the rebel chiefs. General Sherman had also sent scouts to me with the information that his action in arranging the armistice with General Johnston had been disapproved, and orders to resume hostilities; but prior to all of these I received, through telegraph, his order of April 27 declaring the capitulation of all the rebel troops east of the Chattahoochee, and directing me to carry out terms of his convention with General Johnston. As they are the same as those you authorize me to offer, there being no resistance whatever to them on the part of any rebel forces in this State or Florida, and no force able to offer successful resistance, I do not suppose it to be the wish of the Secretary of War that I shall disregard them. In view of these facts I have designated Brevat Major-General Upton to receive the surrender of the garrisons at Atlanta and Augusta. He left here for that purpose on the 1st instant and reached Augusta this morning. I am expecting to hear from him every moment by telegraph. I have sent Majors Williams and McBurney, of my staff, to Melledgeville to receive the surrender of troops there, and to direct the transportation of the Confederate stores to this place. I have also demanded of Governor Brown, commander-in-chief of the Georgia militia, the surrender of his troops and the military stores pertaining to them. He is to meet me in person at this place to-morrow afternoon for the purpose of arranging the details of the capitulation. I have already conferred with General H. C. Wayne, adjutant and inspector general, who assures me that the terms prescribed will be carried into effect. General McCook will start to-morrow with a small force to Tallahassee, Fla., to receive the surrender of the troops under the command of General Sam. Jones in that district. As you doubtless know General Cobb surrendered this place with its garrison to me on the 20th of April, immediately after the appearance of my advance before it. Since then he has put my officers in possession of all the Confederate supplies within our reach by rail in Central and Southwestern Georgia. I can supply the command with bread and meat for sixty days and forage for the same period, but must have funds at once. After the expiration of that time if troops are retained here supplies must be sent to us from the North. I fear that great suffering will be inflicted upon some district even then, as it will require all the supplies now in the State to feed the people till the new crops can be used. I have paroled the prisoners captured by command since leaving the Tennessee River, nearly 6,000 in all, including those taken

