
at this place. They have been deprived of their arms, and are going to their homes in all directions. The men belonging to Lee's army have been passing at the rate of nearly 1,000 a day for the past week. Those surrendered by Johnston have begun to arrive. I had also taken precautionary measures to prevent the escape of Jeff. Davis by sending scouts and detectives to watch the line of the Savannah River and the roads leading through North Georgia. I have ordered troops to Atlanta and Newman to care for the public property and effectually watch and guard the country to the north and eastward connecting with General Judah's troops. I had also requested General Grierson, who arrived at Eufaula day before yesterday, to move by the way of Union Springs, Tuskegee, Montgomery, and Selma toward Mississippi. He will send forward to put all the troops in Central Alabama on the alert. Mr. Davis cannot possibly get through the country with wagons and a large escort, but it will be quite difficult to apprehend him if he attempts it well mounted with one or two attendants. I have already heard rumors, but which I can trace to no reliable source, that he went through this State between Atlanta and Marietta five or six days ago. As soon as I hear from General Upton I shall increase the force now on the way to Atlanta so as to make it sufficient to meet all contingencies. Colonel Woodall, by whom I send this, will explain more fully the condition of affairs in this section. I also send by him a summary of our operations and copies of the original dispatches sent to you from time to time during the campaign. As a matter of protection to the command, I have organized, armed, and equipped three full regiments of colored infantry since the capture of Selma. The men have all been carefully examined by medical officers. They cannot be excelled for physical qualities according to the report of the surgeons, and as abundantly proved by the fact that they marched upon several occasions thirty-five miles per day. What shall I do with them? If directed to perfect their organization and discipline I can make them extremely useful as train guards, garrisons, &amp;c. Please send me the necessary authority, if it is the policy of the Government to call into service any new regiments of this sort. If they are to be disbanded, they can be used in repairing the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad. In order to obtain small stores and clothing, I have sent a steam-boat down the Ocmulgee and Altamaha to Darien and Savannah. It will require about ten days for the round trip. I think I can supply everything that we may need in that way till the railroad is opened. My command is splendidly mounted, in most admirable discipline, and in every way ready for any service that may be assigned it. It has aided our cause as much by the influence of its discipline and good behavior as by its gallantry and endurance. It may not be improper to say before closing this letter that the present condition of affairs is accepted throughout Alabama and Georgia, as far as I can learn, by all classes with becoming resignation, and in the hope that they will soon enjoy the privileges of peace, commerce, and good law. I am told by men of good judgment and unquestioned loyalty that seven-eights of the people are ready and anxious for a return to their duties as citizens without slavery and under the laws of the land, whatever they may be. They express some anxiety in regard to confiscation and sweeping proscriptions, but seem to have conference in the magnanimity of the Government. As a matter of course, from my position, men of influence have inquired my views in regard to the civil and political matters. While I have endeavored as much as possible to avoid such questions, declaring that I could not speak officially, I have not hesitated to urge the civil officers of the peace to exert all of their powers in preserving good order throughout the community, by

