
requesting the good citizens to resume their usual avocations and compelling marauders and vagabonds to respect the new condition of affairs. I have discountenanced everything like political meetings and discussions, and counseled the people to defer all political action till the excitement of the recent events has abated. I do not think a legislature and State officers, composed of men elected for their avowed hostility to the Union, should be permitted at this time to exercise a controlling influence in determining the future conduct of the State. I shall therefore forbid any session of the Legislature or the assembly of any State or county convention, under such auspices as those to which I have alluded, until the proper authority shall have been obtained from Washington, or till I shall have received definite instructions covering such matters. I am sure that when the soreness necessarily felt at defeat has been allayed, and the people have had time to think dispassionately, there will be no difficulty in re-establishing the relations of this State and Alabama with the balance of the country upon whatever just and equitable basis the Government may designate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Eufaula, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication and dispatches per Lieutenant Noyes have just been received. I will forward copies to Generals Canby and Smith immediately, though I presume the former has already received copies by the Mississippi River. When I last heard from Montgomery not boats had arrived from Mobile and General Smith was feeding his command upon the country. We leave here at 6 a. m. to-morrow. I shall spread out considerably in my march and if we get upon the track of Davis he can consider himself caught. I have just received dispatch from Colonel Cole, commanding post at Columbus, stating that he is in need of a force to maintain order there and desiring me to send a force there immediately until he could communicate with and receive assistance from you. I have answered him that I could not garrison the place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 3, 1865.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Commanders-in-Chief of the Georgia Militia, Milledgeville:

SIR: In accordance with the terms of the convention between General Sherman and General Johnston, C. S. Army, similar in all respects to that between General Grant and General Lee, I have the honor to request that you will take the necessary steps to surrender the troops under your command, with all the arms and military stores pertaining thereto. The terms of the convention are as follows:

First. Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson, U. S. Army, or such officer as he may appoint, is designated to receive the surrender.

