
Second. Rolls of all the officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy to be given to an officer designated by General Wilson, the other to be retained by such Confederate officer as my be designated by the Confederate commander at the time of the surrender.

Third. The officers to give their individual paroles not to take up arms against the United States Government until properly exchanged, and each company, battalion, or regimental commander to sign a like parole for the men under his command.

Fourth. All arms and public property to be stored and packed and turned over to an officer to be named by Brevet Major-General Wilson to receive them. This will nit embrace the side-arms of the officers nor their private horses or baggage.

Fifth. This done, each officer and man will be allowed to return to his home, not to be disturbed by the military authorities of the United States, so long as they preserve their parole and obey the laws which were in force previous to January 1, 1861, where they reside.

For the purpose of arranging the details, I will meet you on your arrival at this place Thursday afternoon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 3, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General MCLAWS,

Augusta, Ga.:

I have read your dispatch to General Cobb in regard to my order announcing the terms of the convention between Sherman and Johnston. I have received the terms of that convention from other sources, and regard them as applicable, by permission of the Government, to any Confederate forces that choose to accept them. You need have no fear that the construction put upon General Johnston's order by General Cobb and myself will in any way prejudice the settlement of affairs. I am ready to renew hostilities at any moment upon parties who may not choose to avail themselves of the terms offered.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 68. Macon, Ga., May 3, 1865.

I. Under the provisions of the convention agreed upon between Major-General Sherman and General Johnston on 26th of April, Colonel B. B. Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry, is designate to receive the surrender of the Confederate troops at Atlanta. He will proceed to that point without delay for the purpose of carrying out the terms of the convention.

II. Under the provisions of the convention agreed upon between Major-General Sherman and General Johnston on 26th of April, Colonel R. M. Kelly, Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, is designated or receive the surrender of the Confederate troops at Newman. He will proceed to that point without delay for the purpose of carrying out the terms

