
general commanding, and respectfully ask instructions as to sending back for rations. From what I can ascertain from the bearer of the dispatch, General Benton's advance is six miles from the river, moving up slowly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BERTRAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ala., March 22, 1865.

Colonel H. BERTRAM,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division:

You will exercise a sound discretion as to moving your command, but if possible you will move to Fish River and repair the road to the same. General Granger directs that upon your arrival there you will communicate to Major-General Canby that his command is in a quagmire and corduroying the road, and will move up as soon as possible. If you find the road impassable, you will send back men and mules to get rations and forage for your command, as they cannot be sent forward until the road is corduroyed.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Benton:

JOHN D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Dannelly's Mills, March 22, 1865.

Captain JOHN D. ROUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I arrived with my entire command at Fish River, opposite Dannelly's Mills, last night. Major-General Canby, having a pontoon bridge constructed, directed me to move to the north side of Fish River at daylight this morning. I did accordingly, and moved into line of battle with the Sixteenth Army Corps, by direction of Major-General Canby. An attack from the enemy being expected, I reported to Major-General Canby the condition of the roads and your probable whereabouts. I will send your letter to him immediately and await instructions as to sending back for rations. Major-General Smith has been kind enough to lend me a small amount until your train comes up. I have procured sufficient forage to last the command to-day and probably to-morrow.

Hoping to see you up here soon, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BERTRAM,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, March 22, 1865.

Colonel H. BERTRAM,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the boats which arrived here this afternoon brought no subsistence stores. It is believed, however, that one or more will arrive during the night, and he advises you to send three or four wagons down to the

