
him on yesterday. The formal surrender will be made at Kingston on the 12th instant. While he regrets that no laurels are to be won by his brigade on the battle-field, he expresses the hope that by no act of oppression, wanton destruction of or depredation upon private property, will his command, the U. S. Army, our Government, or its cause be dishonored by any member of it. To the First Brigade is assigned the honorable duty of protecting the defenseless, oppressed, and impoverished citizens of Northern Georgia, and enforcing the laws of the United States, or such laws as were in existence prior to January 1, 1861. It therefore becomes doubly dishonorable to depredate, maraud upon, or oppress under the guise of protectors those we are sent to protect. Let each individual officer and soldier feel that his honor and reputation is compromised by such base conduct on the part of any of his comrades, and not only discourage it, but promptly arrest the offender and bring it to the notice of his superiors. As your commanding general would confidently have instructed to you upon the battle-field his life-long reputation as a soldier, so dies he trust that he may not be dishonored by a single act on the part of any member of his command which would reflect discredit upon it.

By order of Brigadier General H. M. Judah:

HARVEY OFFICER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, May 3, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The last troops of this commanding have left here. Commissary and quartermaster will follows. The command reaches Dalton to-day.

FELIX PRINCE SALM,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, Tenn., May 3, 1865.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Commanding First Brigade, &amp;c., and Post of Murfreesborough:

The following telegraphic order has just been received from headquarters District of Middle Tennessee, viz:*

Brigadier General H. P. Van Cleve, commanding post at Murfreesborough, Tenn., is hereby designated as the officer to treat with the classes name din the foregoing order who may be nearest his post. All bands or individuals taking the benefit of the foregoing order will be required to report at the nearest military post immediately thereafter and take the usual parole, and surrender their arms and everything they have belonging to the so-called Confederate Government.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(An order similar to the foregoing has been forwarded Colonel Amasa Cobb, commanding post of Decherd, Tenn.; to Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Stauber, commanding pot of Shelbyville, Tenn., and to Captain W. H. Lewis, commanding Forty-second Missouri Infantry.)

---------------

*See Thomas to Steedman, et al., May 1, p. 552.

---------------

