
DECATUR, May 3, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just returned from Fletcher's Ferry. I had an interview with Colonel Patterson, who accepts the terms of surrender. He requires time to collect his forces. Will surrender all troops under this command, and requires time for this purpose. Will see Roddey, and hope to bring him in with all that is left of his command.

R. S. GRANGER.

(Same to General W. D. Whipple.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 3, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville:

I forward the following proclamation just received by telegraph from Washington.*

Make every exertion to intercept and capture Davis. When last heard from he was apparently endeavoring to pass across the country to the north of Atlanta, so as to avoid Wilson's cavalry and the forces as Dalton, Decatur in North Alabama, and at Eastport and Memphis. He may attempt to cross between Memphis and Vicksburg if he can reach the Mississippi. General Hatch will send a copy of this dispatch and proclamation under flag to General Croxton, together with a copy of the terms of surrender of Lee and Johnston, for Croxton's information and guidance. Croxton will disregard the stipulations of the first terms between Sherman and Johnston and require all organized Confederate forces in his front to surrender upon the same terms as allowed to Lee by General Grant. He will remain somewhere about Elyton, Ala., or Columbus, Miss., as he may elect, after the receipt of this order, if he can find subsistence and forage, and scout the country thoroughly north and south for a distance of fifty miles each way, for the purpose of intercepting and arresting Jeff. Davis. He will report as often as possible to these headquarters, by wy of Eastport or Decatur, which-ever place may be most convenient.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

(Same to Major-General Steedman, Resaca, Ga.; Brigadier General R. S. Granger, Decatur, Ala.; Brigadier General E. Hatch, Eastport, Miss.; Major-General Washburn, Memphis, Tenn.)

BOLWING GREEN, May 3, 1865.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

The force General Meredith reports is being attended to. About fifty have crossed the Cumberland. The 100 are endeavoring to cross. My men have been fighting them. Major Wolfley is pursuing them. Colonel Supert is the commander. He killed seven of our men after surrendering.

E. H. MURRAY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 566.

---------------

