
MOBILE, ALA., May 3, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 11.30 p. m. 8th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch dated April 26, 10.30 a. m., has just been received. Immediately upon the receipt of your previous dispatch I notified the rebel commander in my front that the armistice concluded between General Sherman and Johnston had been disapproved by the President, and instructed the commanders of my forces to resume vigorously offensive operations. On Sunday last I proposed to Dick Taylor terms of surrender substantially the same as those offered by General Grant to Lee, and I was notified last evening that they were accepted. I meet General Taylor to-morrow morning to complete the arrangements. I am much embarrassed by the instructions received not to allows prisoners of war who belong to he loyal States to return to their homes. I shall have some 2,000 to 3,000 paroled Missouri troops, which I do not know how to dispose of, and I respectfully ask that the necessary instructions or authority may be given. If allowed to remain in this portion of the country on parole, they will be an embarrassment both to us and the people.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 3, 1865-3.40 p. m.

(Received 10th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Yours dispatch of the 23rd of April was received yesterday. I congratulate you most cordially upon your complete success. I have just heard to-day that Jeff. Davis with his treasure, supposed to be about $6,000,000 or $8,000,000 was at Yorkville, S. C., on the 28th of April, and would, it was supposed, pas though Abbeville, S. C., on his way to Georgia, from which State he would attempt to escape either into Florida, with the view of eventually crossing into Cuba, or attempt to run the gauntlet of your and my troops and get across the Mississippi. I do not believe he can escape between Vicksburg and Memphis, nor do I see how he can cross below. I, therefore, believe he will attempt to escape into Florida, and from thence by the coast to Cuba. If you can communicate with Wilson I will be under obligations if you will send him his information. I have forwarded it to him by two other routes overland. Davis was escorted by 2,000 picked cavalry under Dibrell, and accompanied by Breckinridge, Trenholm, and Wade Hampton.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, May 12, 1865.

Respectfully furnished Major General A. J. Smith, for his information and action, and with request to furnish Bvt. Major J. H. Wilson, if he is within easy reach.

By order, &amp;c.:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

38 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

