
Ninety-sixth and Ninety-seventh Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry, and the Independent Company of Pontoniers. He will report direct to these headquarters.

By order of Major Gne. E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Selma, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Information of an official character has this evening been received by flag of truce from Confederate military authorities that an armistice has been agrees upon between Major-General Canby and Lieutenant-General Taylor, under which military lines on both sides are to remain as at present, and no scouting beyond the present lines. hostilities can be resumed be either party on giving forty-eight hour's notice. The most scrupulous care will be taken by this command that no act is done tending in the slightest degree to a violation of the letter and spirit of the armistice.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,McIntosh Bluff, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that a foraging party, which I sent out yesterday morning, was met by a lieutenant of rebel cavalry under flag of truce, who stated that an armistice had been agreed upon between Major-General Canby and Lieutenant-General Taylor, and procured a copy of an order from Lieutenant-General Taylor announcing the same and saying its terms require the forces of both parties to remain within their present lines. Please advise me if such an armistice has been agreed upon, and if so, of the terms thereof, that I may act advisedly in the premises. If such is the fact, shall I go on with the fort?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, May 3, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, Selma, Ala.:

The major-general in chief directs that you embark the troops of your immediate command (Andrew's and Hawkins' divisions) aboard the steamers going down the river, and return with them to this place with least possible delay. General Smith will be ordered to relieve your troops at all points between Selma and Montgomery which it will be deemed advisable to occupy.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

