
[MAY 4, 1865.-For Sherman to Grant, Schofield to Sherman, and Sherman to Schofield, referring to Wilson's operations in Georgia, see Vol. XLVII, PT III, p. 387, 393.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 4, 1865-6 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Raleigh, N. C.:

(In Care of Major-General, Savannah, Ga.)

Telegram of the 1st is just received. Have sent Upton to Atlanta and Augusta; McCook goes to Tallahassee to-morrow to carry out terms of convention. There is an immense amount of war material in this country which should be collected at Macon or Atlanta and guarded by infantry. Shall do all I can to get it together. The arsenal here is very valuable. It will be impracticable to make the march which you direct; the country is utterly denuded of forage. I can buy corn in Southwest Georgia to last four weeks longer; after that it will have to come from Savannah. The only way I can get out of this State is by Montgomery, or to accumulate forage at Atlanta and Resaca, bridge the streams where they can't be forded, and then to make a rapid march from one depot to the other. Northern Alabama and Georgia are impassable by any othe means. Please send me full instructions. What shall I do with my three negro regiments?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 4, 1865. (Received 6th.)

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Richmond, Va.:

Pleas notify General Grant and Secretary of War that telegraphic communication is open to this place and that I have a cipher operator if they wish to send me orders. I am now engaged in receiving the surrender of all the troops in Georgia and Florida, and meet with no opposition. General Upton is at Augusta. General McCook has gone to Tallahassee. I congratulate the armies recently operating against Richmond for their splendid success.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 4, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON:

It will be well to have 480 bales of [the] cotton you captured at Atlanta to be sent here in the wagon train on its return. One hundred and twenty wagons will compose the train. Have your quartermaster invoice the cotton in such a manner as to insure proper responsibility for its safe delivery to the quartermaster at this place. Do not abandon any captured property, but in the event of having to leave for want of supplies leave responsible officer with a sufficient guard to protect the property from ordinary theft or robbery, and inform the inhabitants of Macon that they will be [held] responsible for its safety.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

