
favorable points, crossing the East Branch of Fish River as low down as practicable, and striking the North Branch near Dannelly's Mills, where the crossing will be made. Another column of 10,000 men will move by water through Bon Scours and Fish River Bays, debarking at a point about one mile below Dannelly's Mills. In this movement we shall need the co-operation of the navy, ot for convoy and for transportation, to the extent that you may be able to assist with your light draft vessels, and by a demonstration up the bay with the heavier vessels. This movement will probably be made on sunday morning, the troops embarking at this place on Saturday night, so as to be in the neighborhood of the entrance of Fish River Bay early on Sunday morning. I design to make a demonstration on the west side of the bay be landing a brigade of about 2,000 men on Cedar Point on Saturday, but this will be limited to a demonstration that will have the effect of drawing off the attention of the enemy from the movement on the east side of the bay. Will you do me the favor to give us such aid as you can from your squadron, and I shall be pleased to receive any suggestions that you may think proper to make in relation to the co-operation of the two arms.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

U. S. STEAMER RICHMOND,

Mobile Bay, March 16, 1865.

Major General EDWARD R. S. CANBY,

Commanding District of Florida and West Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date is received. I shall be most happy and ready to give you all the assistance in my power. six tin-clads are all the light-draft vessels at my disposal. They will be ready at any moment. The admiral will probably be here this afternoon or to-morrow. I shall dispatch a tug to New Orleans this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. P. GREENE,

Captain, Commanding Naval Forces, Mobile Bay.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 128. Washington, March 16, 1865.

* * * * *

74. By direction of the President, Captain John C. Palfrey, U. S. Engineers, is hereby assigned to duty as assistant inspector-general of the Thirteenth Army Corps, with rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under the act of July 17, 1862, to date from March 15, 1865.

* * * * *

91. By direction of the President, Major John Hough, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty with the Sixteenth Army Corps as assistant adjutant-general, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel under act of July 17, 1862, to date from March 15, 1865.

92. By direction of the President, Major J. J. Lyon, Twenty-first Missouri Veteran Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty with the Six-

