
landing early to-morrow morning. Should no boats have then arrived, he wishes you to have the wagons go forward to meet General Granger, and for this reason it will be necessary to have them accompanied with an escort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 5. In the Field, Ala., March 22, 1865.

This command will move at 2 p. m. this day. Two days' rations will be drawn immediately. The command will move in the following order: First Brigade, Twenty-first New York Battery, Third Brigade, division train, supply train. The commanding officer First Brigade will detail one company as advance guard, and the commanding officer Third Brigade one regiment as rear guard and to assist the train.

By order of Brigadier General William P. Benton:

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, March 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army and Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the major-general commanding, copy of letter received from Mr. D--- in regard to the rebel forces at Blakely.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

PERDIDO, March 22, 1865.

General ASBOTH:

SIR: As Mr. Levins is on his way back to the yard, I thought I would drop you a few lines. The rebels about Blakely are very uneasy. They have sent all the men to that point they could muster or spare from Mobile, among them the Fifteenth Confederate, Maury's regiment. They were to have come across yesterday. The number of men now at Blakely I estimate about 5,000. I think the Federal troops are somewhere in the vicinity of Spanish Fort. A portion of the army is compelled to move slowly in consequence of the bad state of the roads.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D---.

NASHVILLE, March 23, 1865 - 8.10 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

I will start to Memphis to-day to see what policy has been heretofore adopted there and to systematize the future policy. Shall be gone about ten days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

