
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, No. 30. Macon, Ga., May 4, 1865.

To carry out the terms of convention agreed upon by Major-General Sherman and General Johnston the following orders are issued:

I. Brevet Major-General Upton will receive the surrender of Confederate and other troops at Augusta, Ga., and its vicinity, together with all public stores.

II. Brigadier-General McCook will receive the surrender of Confederate and other troops at Tallahassee, Fla., and its vicinity, together with all public stores.

III. Brigadier-General Croxton will receive the surrender of Confederate and other troops at Macon, Ga., and its vicinity, together with all public stores.

IV. Colonel B. B. Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry, will receive the surrender of Confederate and other troops at Atlanta, Ga., and its vicinity, together with all public stores.

V. Major M. H. Williams, acting assistant inspector-general, Cavalry Corps, will receive the surrender of Confederate and other troops at Milledgeville, Ga., and its vicinity, together with all public stores.

VI. All officers and civilians, States Government, having in charge engineer, ordnance, quartermaster's, commissary, or medical stores are hereby directed to report immediately to these headquarters the amount of property on hand, and to guard it until it can be turned over to the officers of the proper staff department.

VII. The Fourth Division will march without delay by the most direct route to Atlanta, Ga. The quartermaster's and commissary departments will make the necessary arrangements for supplying it at the place and while on the march.

VIII. Bvt. Brigadier General E. F. Winslow, commanding Fourth Division, will send to Augusta, Ga., by a special train a dismounted detachment of 500 men from the Third and Fourth Iowa Regiments for the purpose of guarding public property and preserving order at that place. The quartermaster's department will provide transportation.

IX. A large amount of Spencer ammunition having been destroyed in direct violation of existing orders by the First Ohio Cavalry on the night of the 3rd of May, 1865, by throwing cartridges in the fire, and thereby endangering the lives of the men in the adjoining camps, it is therefore ordered: First. That each commissioned officer of the First Ohio Cavalry be charged $10 on the muster and pay rolls at the next muster of the regiment, to pay for ammunition destroyed. Second. That each enlisted man of the First Ohio Cavalry be charged $5 on the muster and pay rolls at the next muster of the regiment, to pay for ammunition destroyed. This order is found to be necessary to protect the Government of the United States from losses on account of willful destruction on the part of enlisted men and gross neglect on the part of the officers.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

