HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 4, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Upon your arrival at Tallahassee you will take all necessary steps to carry into effect the terms of the convention arranged by General Sherman and General Johnston, and to restore the country to peace and good order. You are specially charged with the apprehension of all prominent agitators and rebels who are endeavoring to evade the terms of the capitulation, and will take active measures to disperse and take prisoners all detachments of Lee's or Johnston's forces who have not yet been paroled. Compel all editors of newspapers to publish their papers in the interests of peace, good order, and national unity under the Constitution and the laws. Exact a parole to this effect or prohibit the publication. Encourage civil officers of the peace to enforce good order by counseling the well-disposed to resume their peaceful avocations, and compelling marauders, vagabonds, and turbulent citizens to obey the law and accept the present condition of affairs with resignation. Discountenance public meetings of all kinds in order that excitement may be allayed and dispassionate reason may resume its sway. See that public property of every kind is properly cared for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 4, 1865-8 a.m.

Major-General UPTON,

Augusta, Ga.:

Your telegram of last night is received. Will direct Winslow to send the men you require as soon as they can be got ready, and to march with the balance of the division to Atlanta. I can supply it as easily there as here, and think it ought to be there to anticipate exigencies that may arise. You can make arrangements to have your headquarters at Atlanta as soon as you get Augusta off your hands. If General Grover will send a force of infantry from Savannah, turn the city over to him. The certificate alluded to should be signed by the U. S. officer administering the parole; the parole itself by the commanding officer of the organization for whom he pledges himself. Keep yourself informed of the movements of all large parties of rebels who are going home or elsewhere without complying with the terms of the convention.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Major-General WILSON:

Important dispatches will be forwarded from here by train to-night. Contain orders for disposition of all troops in General Sherman's command. The dispatches passed through General Johnston's headquarters unsealed, and if you desire will telegraph you the orders relative to Cavalry Corps. It will take thirty hours to send by rail. To carry out your orders supplies will have to come through Augusta. The dis-

