
that point to parole the men and receive arms. Three hundred men will be sufficient instead of 500. Let them be sent at the earliest moment.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

P. S.-Will you send an officer to Washington?

E. U.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 4, 1865-5.20 p.m.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,Augusta, Ga.:

Remain at Augusta till somebody takes it off your hands. Your staff will go through on first train.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet, Ga., May 4, 1865.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Upon the arrival of your division at Atlanta you will take all necessary steps to carry into effect the terms of the convention arranged by General Sherman and General Johnston and to restore the country to peace and good order. You are specially charged with the apprehending of all prominent agitators and rebels who are endeavoring to evade the terms of the capitulation, and will take active measures to disperse and take prisoners all detachments of Lee's or Johnston's forces who have not yet been paroled. Compel all editors of newspapers to publish their papers in the interests of peace, good order, and national unity under the Constitution and the laws. Exact a parole to this effect or prohibit the publication. Encourage civil officers of the peace to enforce good order by counseling the well-disposed to resume their peaceful avocations, and compelling marauders, vagabonds, and turbulent citizens to obey the law and accept the present condition of affairs with resignation. Discountenance public meetings of all kinds in order that excitement may be allayed and dispassionate reason may assume its sway. Keep your forces well in hand and ready for movement in any direction that circumstances may require. Inform yourself of all public movements of the enemy, reporting promptly to these headquarters. See that property of every kind is properly cared for and gathered into Atlanta as rapidly as it can be transported to that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ATLANTA, May 4, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

General Upton directs me to send no further parties out. The command will be here at noon. There are several rumors of Davis, but

