
nothing in any way reliable. I have kept my command intact, so far as was possible, and kept posted that I might act promptly on any definite information.

Yours,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., May 4, 1865-9.10 p.m.

Brigadier-General HATCH,Eastport:

Inform General F. C. Armstrong that the agreement between Lieutenant-General Taylor and Major-General Canby only affects them and their troops, but my troops will not be trammeled in their movements by such arrangements, but will be required to obey such orders for a continuance of operations as in my judgment may seem proper or necessary; and as General Forrest has caused a copy of the agreement between General Canby and General Taylor to be sent with a notice to General Croxton that he cannot under said agreement move his command except to leave the territory of Alabama, I shall expect and require of him that a copy of this be forwarded to General Croxton without delay.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, May 4, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The following is a memorandum of the information conveyed to you verbally this morning by myself:

The terms of surrender between Generals Judah and Wofford were handed you, and an omission pointed out in the last article. The date of the actual surrender was fixed for the 12th proximo, and the place Kingston, in order to give General Wofford time to collect his forces. These consist, nominally, of the Confederate and State forces in Northwestern Georgia, amounting, on paper, to about 10,000. General Wofford did not expect to be able to collect more than about a third of them; but of those who will not be present, many are deserters from the C . S. Army, who are quietly at home, and many others are men who have avoided the rebel conscription and will remain quietly at home, having never taken up arms. These two classes General Wofford considers will comprise by far the larger part of his absentees. The remainder will be guerrillas of the Gatewood class, who have so far successfully resisted General Wofford's efforts to compel them to submit to his authority. These latter he thinks will number probably 500. General Steedman desired me to express to you his high appreciation of the personal character of General Wofford, and the belief that his earnest efforts had been used, and would be under all circumstances used, to restore peace and quiet submission to Federal authority in this part of the State. He has full confidence in Wofford's sincerity and purity of purpose, and believes that his influence is very large, and will be judiciously used, and for the benefit of the Federal authority. In

