
this opinion of General Wofford both General Judah and myself, who had better opportunities of seeing him than General Steedman, strongly concur.

From my own personal observation in somewhat extended marches through Northwestern Georgia, and from frequent conversation with the people, I believe that it is the earnest desire of the people and the Confederate soldiers to return quietly to their homes, and give all aid they can to the Federal authorities in restoring the supremacy of the Federal civil authority, and to reorganize their civil courts, and put down with all their might all disturbers of the peace and violates of law.

General Steedman thinks it necessary that the country should be occupied by our troops as soon as the surrender is completed, and proposes the following dispositions of his troops: General Judah, with his headquarters, one regiment of infantry, and a battery of artillery, at Rome; with one infantry regiment at Adairsville, Kingston, and Cartersville each; with detachments of the nearest regiment at Calhoun, Etowah bridge, Cassville, and Tilton. Salm's brigade to be moved to Dalton, with a regiment at Spring Place and Summerville, and to be replaced by troops from Chattanooga. A regiment from Dalton to occupy Resaca. My own opinion is that the country would be better without troops for the present, unless the guerrillas render the occupation of it necessary.

The railroad is undisturbed, except the taking up of the rails, as far as the Oostenaula. Here the bridge is destroyed, but can be readily repaired. From the Oostenaula to Cartersville the road is entirely undisturbed and in good condition, except, possibly, accidental displacements of rails.

The Sixth Tennessee and First Georgia are, in General Steedman's opinion, utterly worthless. My own observation of the first named confirms this opinion. They are simply cowardly thieves-useless, except to keep a community embroiled and encourage guerrillas by running from them whenever attacked. General Steedman urges that they be turned over to the State authorities of Tennessee and replaced by good cavalry. My own impression is that good infantry, by waylaying the roads and ambushing the guerrillas, will do more effective service against guerrillas than cavalry. If the guerrillas fight the cavalry must always dismount to fight them, and if they run they are so much better mounted than the best of our cavalry that they cannot be caught, and can only be suppressed by beating them at their own game. Infantry can haunt roads for them which cavalry cannot march, and while cavalry will leave a broad trail, which will inevitably discover them, infantry can be marched so as to leave no track which these fellows will notice.

The men who are employed about Chattanooga as scouts, guides, and spies, are, as a rule, thieves, and accompany troops who go out from there simply for the chances to plunder. They have most of them been residents of the country, and constantly mislead officers in regard to the character of citizens with whom they are brought in contact by allowing some private wrong or quarrel to influence their statements in regard to them. A few good men who know the country, and are used simply as guides, will answer the purpose much better than the heterogeneous trash now going under the name of department and provost-marshal scouts and guides. The conduct of these men serves only to embitter the people and prolong the continuance of guerrilla practices. In this connection General Wofford mentioned to me particularly the names of Colonel Woody and Captain Lillard, at or near

