HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, May 4, 1865.

Captain W. O. RICKMAN,Commanding Fifth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: General Granger has offered to Mead, under flag of truce, the terms upon which Lee surrendered to Grant. These terms Mead has refused to accept. He and his band are therefore outlawed, and will be treated accordingly. Major [Lieutenant-Colonel] Hornet [Horner], of the Twenty-eighth [Eighteenth] Michigan, starts from Huntsville to-night toward New Market, and asks that your command be directed to co-operate with him in capturing or exterminating Mead. You will therefore collect all the effective force that you can spare and proceed immediately to New Market and co-operate with Major Hornett [Lieutenant-Colonel Horner] against Mead. You will treat Mead and his band as outlaws and show them no quarter. Send messages after Captain Mohler and recall him immediately, if possible.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

KNOXVILLE, May 4, 1865-12.30 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The following dispatch, May 2, just received from General Tillson.* From other sources I learn that Davis passed through Concord, north of Charlotte, on the 24th; through Yorkville, south of Charlotte, on the 28th. At his rate of travel he ought to-day to be on or near the Savannah River, and if he has not yet crossed, my cavalry now under Colonel Palmer, a very energetic and capable officer, ought to be up with him. Davis has promised to every man on their arrival in Mexico $400 in gold. Davis himself is riding in an ambulance. Every man splendidly mounted, but Dibrell's whole command is very much scattered and discouraged.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., May 4, 1865. [Received 1 a.m. 5th.]

His Excellency President JOHNSON:

I have just arrived from North Carolina. I hope in reducing the number of brigadier-generals I will be retained as long as consistent with the interests of the service. I rejoin my division immediately. Patterson and Fowler were elected Senators to-day.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

STANFORD, May 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

I left Mount Sterling on May 1, passed through the upper portion of Montgomery County, through Powell, Wolfe, and Estill Counties. Found everything quiet. A squad of guerrillas were captured by a

---------------

*See p.571.

---------------

