
company of State troops, and, while on the way to Lexington, were shot while attempting to escape. I brought all my men in, but lost one horse.

J. H. BRIDGEWATER,

Major.

Memorandum of the conditions of the surrender of the forces, munitions of war, &amp;c., in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, commanded by Lieutenant General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, to Major General Edward R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, entered into on this 4th day of May, 1865, at Citronelle, Ala.

I. The officers and men to be paroled until duly exchanged, or otherwise released from the obligations of their parole by the authority of the Government of the United States. Duplicate rolls of all officers and men surrendered to be made, one copy of which will be delivered to the officer appointed by Major-General Canby and the other retained by the officer appointed by Lieutenant-General Taylor; officers giving their individual paroles and commanders of regiments, batteries, companies, or detachments signing a like parole for the men of their respective commands.

II. Artillery, small-arms, ammunition, and all other property of the Confederate Government to be turned over to the officers appointed for that purpose on the part of the Government of the United States. Duplicate inventories of the property surrendered to be prepared, one copy to be retained by the officer delivering and the other by the officer receiving it, for the information of their respective commanders.

III. The officers and men paroled under this agreement will be allowed to return to their homes, with the assurance that they will not be disturbed by the authorities of the United States so long as they continue to observe the conditions of their paroles and the laws in force where they reside, except that persons residents of Northern States will not be allowed to return without permission.

IV. The surrender of property will not include the side arms or private horses or baggage of officers.

V. All horses which are, in good faith, the private property of enlisted men will not be taken from them; the men will be permitted to take such with them to their homes, to be used for private purposes only.

VI. The time and place of surrender will be fixed by the respective commanders, and will be carried out by the commissioners appointed by them.

VII. The terms and conditions of the surrender to supply to officers and men belonging to the armies lately commanded by Generals Lee and Johnston, now in this department.

VIII. Transportation and subsistence to be furnished at public cost for the officers and men after surrender to the nearest practicable point to their homes.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

39 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

