HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Citronelle, Ala., May 4, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,Montgomery, Ala.:

Lieutenant-General Taylor has this day surrendered to General Canby with the forces under his command on substantially the same terms as those accepted by General Lee. You will arrange your lines and troops so that you can furnish garrisons to Cuba Station, Meridian, and Demopolis as soon as the present garrison can be relieved and General Taylor informs you of that fact. You will at once send a cavalry force under an energetic commander to Talladega, which, as well as the garrisons referred to, will protect all public and private property against depredations by jayhawkers and other evil-disposed characters. You will also have the railroad put in running order to Talladega as soon as practicable. The strictest discipline must be enforced among your troops, and the people at all times treated with leniency.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., May 4, 1865.

Major DAVIS,Commanding Detachment Eleventh Illinois Cavalry:

You will proceed this evening with a detachment of 100 men from your regiment on board the steamer Marble City to Fulton, where you will debark and march at 4 o'clock in the morning of the 5th from the latter place for Brownsville via Ripley. You will endeavor to surprise and capture any rebels or guerrillas there may be either at Brownsville or Ripley. At Brownsville you will establish a military post and give the people to understand that you have come there for their protection and to aid them in organizing, so that they may protect themselves. You will see that there is no marauding or plundering in the country, and should it become necessary to procure provisions and forage in the country, and should it become necessary to procure provisions and forage in the country, proper vouchers will be given for the same. Report to me through Colonel Shanks as often as there is opportunity. Endeavor by every means in your power to encourage the people to organize for their own protection and defense, being strictly cautious not to allow your men to straggle or to expose themselves to be captured or picked off by bushwhackers. You will place two days' rations and ten days' forage aboard the steamer Panola, in charge of two men of the detachment, who will also take aboard with them their own horses. You will instruct those people in the country, to whom vouchers may be given, to present them during the present month for settlement.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, No. 109. Barrancas, May 4, 1865.

1. Information having been received that the citizens of Santa Rosa County, Fla., are to meet this day at Milton to consider and act on the President's amnesty proclamation, and as it is reported that some desperadoes threaten to disturb the meeting, therefore Colonel E. W. Woodman, Second Maine Cavalry, will start at once with 200 of his men in

