
The following was also received to-day.*

Immediately upon the receipt of the foregoing telegrams from General Hatch, I forwarded by telegraph the proclamation of May 3 [2], offering reward for Jeff. Davis and others, to Major-General Stoneman, Major-General Steedman, Brigadier General R. S. Granger, Brigadier-General Hatch, Eastport, Miss., and Major-General Washburn, Memphis, Tenn., with the further instructions to make every exertion to intercept and capture Davis. When last heard from he was apparently endeavoring to pass across the country to the north of Atlanta, so as to avoid Wilson's cavalry and the forces at Dalton, Decatur, in North Alabama, and Eastport and Memphis. He may attempt to cross between Memphis and Vicksburg, if he can reach the Mississippi. General Hatch will send a copy of this dispatch and proclamation under flag to General Croxton, together with a copy of the terms of surrender of Lee and Johnston, for General Croxton's information and guidance. General Croxton will disregard the stipulations of the first terms between Sherman and Johnston, and require all organized Confederate forces in his front to surrender upon the same terms allowed to Lee by Lieutenant-General Grant. He will remain somewhere about Elkton, Ala., or can find subsistence and forage, and scout the country thoroughly north and south for a distance of fifty miles each way for the purpose of intercepting and arresting Jeff. Davis. He will report as soon as possible to these headquarters by way of Eastport or Decatur, whichever place may be most convenient.

The following telegram+ was also forwarded to General Hatch yesterday.

I am in hopes now that every precaution has been taken to insure the capture of Davis, should he attempt to cross to the north of the Mississippi River.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 118. Nashville, Tenn., May 5, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

VII. Brigadier General C. C. Doolittle, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General D. S. Stanley, commanding Fourth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Raleigh, N. C., May 5, 1865.

General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Macon, Ga.:

General Sherman directs me to inform you that boats have gone to Augusta with stores for you, and that his orders to you, which possibly

---------------

*See Wofford to Judah, May 2, p.569; Granger to Whipple, May 3, p.592, and May 4 [two dispatches], p.607, and Hatch to Thomas, May 3 [three dispatches], pp.589, 590.

+See Thomas to Hatch, May 4, p.605.

---------------

