SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, No. 79. Macon, Ga., May 5 [15?], 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

II. Mr. J. H. R. Washington, a loyal citizen of Macon, will take possession of the Macon post-office with all its papers and fixtures, and make immediate preparations for opening the office, reporting his action to the Postmaster-General of the United States.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 5, 1865.

It having been reported to the brevet major-general commanding that there is a large number of poor in Georgia suffering for want of provisions, it is hereby ordered that the supplies of bacon and breadstuffs as has been gathered in tithe houses and elsewhere by the C. S.authorities off the line of the railroad, and not necessary for the use of this command, will be turned over by the persons now responsible for them to Colonel Ira R. Foster, quartermaster-general of Georgia, upon his order, accompanied by a copy of this. It is understood that the sectors will be disposed of for the benefit of the persons intended. The chief quartermaster and commissary, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, will confer with Colonel Foster and designate the distance from the railroad from which they will be able to draw supplies, and exterior to which the provisions of this order are applicable.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, May 5, 1865. [Received 10.15 a.m.]

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Augusta, Ga.:

Captain Glenn's party of C. S. Army engineers, under the immediate charge of Captain Brooke or Captain Renshaw, are on the railroad near Union Point, under orders to return here with valuable surveys and maps. Please see that they are protected from marauders and others by a sufficient guard, and sent through as soon as possible.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 5, 1865.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,Augusta, Ga.:

Your telegram is received. Your staff left here this morning by cars to join you. The train and escort marched with the division to Atlanta. You need not remain at Augusta after the arrival of General Molineux, if you can arrange with him to forward our supplies.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

