
has offered $50,000 for the arrest of Booth. I'll take all responsibility if you give me orders to arrest Jeff. Davis. It will be of no use to march the entire command after one individual. The bills also should be circulated in Central Alabama, as he may strike between Macon and Atlanta.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 5, 1865-11.30 p.m.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,Augusta, Ga.:

Your two dispatches of this evening are received. Alexander has men well out to the northeast trying to get a clue to the movements of the fugitive. Eggleston and Winslow have full instructions how to act; neither of them expects to do anything effective with large parties. You are authorized to take any steps you may think necessary to accomplish the arrest, but I think the reward you propose would fail in the object required, by giving J. D. warning. You can telegraph via this place and Columbus to Atlanta, and use the division in any way you think best. You may arrange for sending the Leesburg cargo to Atlanta as soon as it can be properly guarded.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 5, 1865. [Received 4 a.m. 6th.]

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Augusta, Ga.:

If you publish the bills offering a reward for J. D. and his treasure, word them so as to show that the reward will be taken from the booty.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., May 5, 1865.

Major-General McLAWS, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your communication is received. I will see you at 10 a.m. to-morrow and will show you copies of all telegrams relating to paroles and the convention. We can then come to an understanding on the subject.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

ATLANTA, May 5, 1865. [Received 8 a.m. 6th.]

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Post Commander:

GENERAL: I arrived here last night. All is quiet now. Mob law had prevailed. There are scarcely any supplies save meat at this post,

