HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Strawberry Plains, Tenn., March 23, 1865.

Colonel L. H. WATERS,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you send a regiment to-morrow at daylight in the vicinity of Blain's Cross-Roads, to ascertain the facts in relation to the mounted rebel force reported to be in that vicinity. He wishes a courier to be sent with the regiment, who may be sent back to these headquarters with the first information acquired. The command sent will return to your camp by night-fall, except further orders be given in the case.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. D. MASON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 23, 1865.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Yours of the 22nd received. Generals Thomas and Whipple have left town. I do not think that it is the intention that the order of the general commanding will interfere with the order of shipment of General Stanley.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 17. New Market, East Tenn., March 23, 1865.

The scarcity of provisions that exists at this time is owing to the fact that the railroad is occupied fully in the transmission of troops; but that will soon be over, and the railroad can then be used to its full capacity in bringing forward supplies. In addition to this the commanding general of the division has suggested to the commanding general of the corps (who has made the request to the commanding general of the department) the propriety of bringing up provisions by steamboat to Knoxville, which will, without doubt, be acted upon promptly, and the troops will thus in a few days be fully and amply supplied. In the meantime the troops of this command must bear this privation with fortitude, and commit no depredations or do unauthorized foraging or other acts unworthy of soldiers. Every effort within his power will be made by the commanding general to have the troops placed on full rations at the earliest date possible.

By command of Major-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Russellville, Ala., march 23, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. MCCOOK,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: General Wilson desires that you will push on to this place as fast as possible. There is plenty of forage here. Upon your

