
nate, the officers to give their individual paroles not to take arms against the Government of the United States until properly exchanged, and each company or regimental commander sign a like parole for the men of their command; the arms, artillery, and public property to be parked and stacked, and turned over to the officer appointed by me to receive them. This will not embrace the side-arms of the officers or the private horses or baggage. This done, each officer and man will be allowed to return to their homes, and not to be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as they observe their parole and the laws in force where they may reside.

If these terms are accepted, send an officer to Baldwyn or Eastport to arrange final preliminaries. Answer by bearer of these dispatches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR. HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY

DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Eastport, Miss.,

May 5, 1865.

All irregular bands of armed men and Confederate soldiers in the neighborhood of these lines will be allowed to May 15 to surrender upon the same terms granted the armies of Lee and Johnston. Any persons found in arms after this time in the neighborhood of this command will be treated as outlaws and be proceeded against, pursued, and treated as such whenever captured. The terms of Lee's and Johnston's surrender are as follows:*

By order of Brigadier General Edward Hatch:

HERVEY A. COLVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, May 5, 1865-11 p.m. [Received 6th.]

General W. D. WHIPPLE:

General Granger reports that Mead is in the neighborhood of New Market and refuses to surrender. I have cavalry closing in upon him from this direction and also from Huntsville. I think he can't escape.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Pulaski, Tenn., May 5, 1865.

Major M. D. LEESON,Commanding Fifth Indiana Cavalry:

General Johnson directs that at the earliest practicable moment you move with your command by the most direct route to New Market, and there, or in that neighborhood, open communication with the detachment of the regiment which is operating there in connection with a force of infantry under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Horner, for the capture of the guerrilla Mead. You will when there be in command of all the cavalry fore, and will co-operate with the troops under Lieutenant-Colonel Horner, but you will take orders from no one. As soon as your operations are completed you will at once return to this point. It

---------------

*Same as embodied in next, ante.

---------------

