
is hoped that your absence need not exceed ten days at the furthest. You will move without wagons. Take bread, sugar, coffee, and salt for four days; mead and forage you must procure in the country. You can probably procure an additional supply of rations on the railroad at Paint Rock.

This by direction of Brigadier-General Johnson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent scouts to Gadsden, Asheville, Elyton, Blountsville, and Talladega, who know the country and Union citizens in that section. I believe they will give us early and reliable news of Davis' movements. I have no cavalry to pursue the fugitives, but think I can give reliable information to any command that may be sent in pursuit.

Very respectfully,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, May 5, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

Please say to General Wofford that I am much gratified with the report which Colonel Merrill made me yesterday of his [General Wofford's] bearing on the occasion of their first interview, as well as on the occasion of his formal surrender of himself and command to General Judah, at Resaca, on the 2nd instant. As it is very desirable that civil authority should be re-established as soon as possible in all Georgia, I have already issued an order authorizing the people to re-elect the necessary judges and other civil county officers where vacancies exist, who, if proper persons to administer the laws of Georgia which were in force up to January 1, 1861, will be recognized by me and encouraged and sustained in the execution of the said laws in force as above stated so far as they are empowered to administer them by the constitution and laws of Georgia in force on the 1st day of January, 1861, excepting always all such civil processes and proceedings as do not recognize the negro as a free man and with the distinct understanding that hereafter the negro will in all respects be considered free, and relieved from the requirements of all laws heretofore enacted in Georgia which held and considered him as a slave. I will send by colonel Merrill several copies of Department General Orders, No. 21, which I desire you hand to General Wofford for his information. Although this order relates only to North Georgia, inasmuch as General Wilson occupies Macon, I consider more than half of the State under my military control, and therefore have the right, in the absence of a military governor duly appointed, to issue such an order. I wish him [General Wofford] to be convinced that the people of all Georgia will be encouraged and sustained in all honorable efforts to restore the civil law and peace and confidence throughout the State. I do not deem it

