
the country from where he then was. He sent back a courier informing me he would go by the way of Patton's Bridge and Cashers Valley to Rabun Gap, distant from Hendersonville fifty-two miles; he will reach the gap this evening or early to-morrow morning, place himself in communication with Colonel Bartlett, and carry out instructions already given. Colonel Bartlett's command moved down the Waynesville, Webster, and Franklin road. The rebel Colonel Bradford, from Vaughn's command, came to Asheville on the 3rd instant, under a flag of truce, with thirty-eight officers and men who wished to surrender themselves and ascertain upon what terms thee surrender of the remainder of Vaughn's force who wished to come in would be accepted. I directed Colonel Bradford to report to Strawberry Plains, Tenn., in compliance with General Orders, No. 27, headquarters District of East Tennessee, and also sent a copy of the order to General Vaughn, under a flag of truce. Colonel Bradford reports that General Vaughn himself is preparing a farm in Abbeville District, S. C., has sent for his wife and family, and intends to make his home there.

I could hear of no armed bands of rebels in the country, but every-where officers and men of the rebel army expressed themselves as disgusted with the war, and as having a strong desire to return to peaceful pursuits. The guerrilla bands in the mountains are reported as being disbanded, the worst men leaving the country, and the others returning to their homes. This may not be true. The obstructions on the Warm Springs road have nearly all been removed. We shall be able to pass wagons over it in a day or two. The road we have been using is in a very bad condition.

Respectfully,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding, &amp;c., Eastport:

GENERAL: I have authorized the president and directors of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to resume the occupation and working of this road so far as it lies within the limits of my command, and I recommend that they be authorized to continue their work to the Ohio River. If put in order, it will be of great value to us, and will be an important element in restoring order in the States through which it passes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, May 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. PALFREY,Chief Engineer, Thirteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that the fortifications ordered at McIntosh Bluff be not constructed. You will therefore please order work upon them to be stopped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. McALESTER,

Brevet Major and Chief Engineer.

