HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

The presidents and directors of the Mobile and Ohio, of the Mobile and Great Northern, and of the Alabama and Florida Railroad Companies will be put in possession of the offices, depots, locomotives, rolling-stock, and all other material and property- pertaining to said roads, so far as they may be under the control of the U. S. military authorities within the limits of this command; and are authorized to put the said roads in working order, and to put the said roads in working order, and to run under the regulations established by the said presidents and directory, on such conditions as may be imposed by military authority; but this order will not be construed as barring any questions of private interests that may be involved in this property, or as barring or restraining any legal proceedings that may hereafter be instituted against these companies.

E. R. S. CANBY,Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 36. Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

The major-general commanding hereby announces to this army and military division that Lieutenant General Richard Taylor, commanding the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, yesterday surrendered the forces under his command, with all munitions of war, and other property belonging to the Confederate Government now under his control. All officers and men are to be paroled, officers giving their individual paroles, and commanders of regiments, detachments, and batteries signing the paroles for their men. All will be permitted to return to and remain at their homes without being interfered with as long as they comply with the conditions of their paroles and laws of the country. Excepted from this privilege are all officers and men who are residents of loyal States. The surrender of property does not include the side-arms or baggage of officers, nor horses belonging to enlisted men which are bona fide private property; such horses they will be permitted to take with them to their homes to be used for private purposes only. Transportation and subsistence will be furnished at public cost for the paroled officers and men to the nearest practicable point to their homes. The time and place of the surrender will be fixed by the respective commanders and be carried out by commissioners appointed by them. This surrender disposes off all that remains of the Confederate forces east of the Mississippi, after the surrender of Lee's and Johnston's armies, and offensive operations in that portion of this command which lees east of the river will therefore cease, so long as the inhabitants show proper observance of the laws and respect the rightful authority of the United States. The troops will, however, be kept well in hand and ready at all times for any service for which they may be required. Whenever detachments are sent for the special protection of the citizens against jayhawkers and no depredations, however slight, nor interference with the citizens in their lawful pursuits, must be permitted. Commanders of forces stationed in the interior will at once collect the necessary information to enable them to report to these

