
headquarters to what extent supplies can be provided in the country occupied by them without causing inconvenience to the inhabitants.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that two companies of infantry be detached from General Veatch's command and ordered to Citronelle, Ala., for the purpose of guarding the railroad and telegraph line in and around that place, and other public and private property in that neighborhood. The headquarters of this command will be near the house of Doctor Balden. You are also directed to detail two companies of infantry from your corps, and one company of the Second Illinois Cavalry, to proceed to East Pascagoula and protect public and private property in that neighborhood, and particularly the New Orleans telegraph line, which runs through East Pascagoula. The men will be kept under the strictest discipline, and so far from any encroachments upon the citizens being permitted, these troops are sent there for protection against jayhawkers and other evil-doers, and to enable the citizens to avail themselves of the privileges granted by General Field Orders, No. 30, from these headquarters. These detachments will be sent as soon as possible, and their departure reported to these headquarters. Be pleased to issue immediate orders relieving the detachment of the Third Michigan Cavalry, now at Whistler, and directing them to join their regiment at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES C. VEATCH,Commanding Post and District of Mobile:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to notify you that at 7 o'clock last evening Lieutenant-General Taylor, of the rebel army, surrendered the forces within his command to Major-General Canby. The terms were substantially those of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to Lieutenant-General Grant. You will, therefore, by direction of Major-General Grant. You will, therefore, by direction of Major-General Granger, cease all acts of hostility against the forces embraced within and complying with the terms of the surrender, waging war only against marauders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Same to Brigadier-General Benton, Third Division, and Colonel H. Bertram, First Brigade, Second Division.

40 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

