HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,Commanding Post and District of Mobile:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that the company of Second Illinois Cavalry which is to be sent to East Pascagoula will have its headquarters at that place, and will be ordered to scour the country well for miles around to clear it of jayhawkers, of which many complaints have lately been made. The commanding officer will also see that the citizens are furnished facilities for the privilege to which they are entitled by General Field Orders, No. 30, current series, and see that the new telegraph line is not interfered with.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED FREDBERG,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Mr. JOHN SCOTT,Bladen Springs, Ala.:

At the suggestion of General Taylor I write to aks that you will come to this city for the purpose of conference in relation to the affairs of the department under your charge. Hearing from General Taylor that you are an invalid, I have sent an ambulance for your use, and have also sent an escort of an officer and ten men. Should you desire to return after the conference I will provide the means of doing so as safely and as comfortably as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mobile, May 5, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: You will move your command to this point without delay. Fourteen steams-boats surrendered by the rebel authorities and now at or near Demopolis are to be brought down the Tombigbee River to this city as early as practicable.

If in your judgment it should seem advisable to avail yourself of this means of transportation, you are authorized to do so. If, on the contrary, you prefer it and think it more expeditious t march overland, break camp and commence your march without delay. These orders contemplate a complete evacuation of your present position. You are authorized to avail yourself of any boats passing down the river to transport your sick, supplies, baggage, artillery transportation, &amp;c., which you require in case you conclude to march overland.

By order of Major-General Granger.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

