HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, Tenn., May 6, 1865-10.30 p.m. [Received 11.10 p.m.]

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,Chief of Staff:

I can send a brigade of Hatch's division to General Pope, but it will be dismounted. All of my mounted cavalry is with General Wilson. Hatch's division is at Eastport.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

MEMORANDUM. HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Camp Harker,

Tenn., May 6, 1865.

This division will move at 7 a.m. on Monday, 8th instant, in the following order: First, Third Brigade; second, Second Brigade; third, First Brigade.

N. G. FRANKLIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

MACON, GA., May 6, 1865-2 p.m. [Received 1 p.m. 7th.]

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Without my knowledge or consent Governor Brown has issued a call for a meeting of the Georgia Legislature on the 22nd. I do not think it proper for either Governor Brown or his Legislature to exercise any influence or control, directly or indirectly, in shaping policy or opinion in regard to the re-establishment of the relations of Georgia with the Union. I shall therefore not allow the Legislature to meet, unless directed to do so by the Government at Washington. I can see no necessity for conventions and public meetings in such times as these - certainly none when controlled by prominent secessionists. Please send me instructions in the case. Davis was at Washington, Ga., with Bragg and Breckinridge on the night of the 3rd and morning of the 4th. He is reported to have been escorted by seven small brigades of cavalry, commanded by Duke, Ferguson, Vaughn, Lewis, Dibrell, and Williams, supposed to be between 2,000 and 3,000 men, many of the men deserting and but few willing to go. I have authorized General Upton to offer $100,000 reward, to be paid out of the booty to be captured, for the apprehension of Davis. One of our scouts says Davis left Washington with only six men. This I regard as probable. He can't possibly get through the country with an escort. Upton's division will be at Atlanta to-morrow night; a part of it this afternoon. Our scouts are already on every road in North Georgia; by to-night I will have a complete watch in every part of the State as far down as Hawkinsville, on the Ocmulgee. Once on the trail my orders are to follow to the Mississippi River. Grierson left Eufaula day before yesterday, traveling over a wide stretch of country via Montgomery toward Mississippi. He is on the lookout also. Palmer's cavalry is at Athens, Ga., and troops from the Carolinas following close upon Davis, so close as to break up a council of his officers at Cokesbury, S. C., on the 2nd.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

