
arrival at this place take the road to Allen's Factory and from thence to Thorn Hill. Upton's command and train are probably at Newburg now.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same tot Brigadier General Eli Long.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,At the foot of the Mountain, March 23, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am moving as rapidly as I can. The pontoon train and general headquarters train are on the road in front of me and keeps my column back. Of course I can't pass them on this road, which is very bad. Captain Creager will tell you the difficulties we have to overcome. I have to cut a new road for some distance below here. My impression is that I can't get farther than Frankfort to-night. I will march, however, as far as practicable, and when things get straightened out here probably go on ahead to find General Wilson. Be kind enough to send me back word by my staff officer where you will be found this evening, and also any additional instructions you may have to communicate.

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Russellville, Ala., March 23, 1865 - 5 p. m.

[Brigadier-General MCCOOK:]

GENERAL: Your note is received. Am sorry the trains went by the Frankfort road. Upton's train passed here by 1 p. m., and will reach Newburg to-night. From Frankfort you had better incline to the south, cross Cedar Creek at Jones' (Smith's) Bridge, and move by a ridge road of which the citizens speak to the old military road, striking it about six miles from here, and crossing to the direct road to Tuscaloosa, intersecting it on Bear Creek, at Allen's Mill. The road is reported to be good. The people about Frankfort can tell you about it. I shall try to reach Thorn Hill to-morrow night. Long will come here and take the Tuscaloosa road to same place.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ON THE MOUNTAIN, March 23, 1865.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Brigade:

The general commanding directs that you move forward with your brigade, and if the artillery and train cannot pass the wagons that

