
the Legislature to meet, unless directed to do so by the Government at Washington. I see no necessity for conventions at best, and certainly not when controlled by prominent secessionists. Please forward this dispatch to proper authority for orders in the case.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, GA., May 6, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President:

The complete collapse in the currency and the great destitution of provisions among the poor makes it absolutely necessary that the

Legislature meet to supply this deficiency, and with a view to the restoration of peace and order by accepting the result which the fortunes of war have imposed us, I have called the Legislature to meet 22nd instant. General Wilson informs me that he cannot permit the assemblage without instructions from the Government at Washington. Does he reflect the views of the Government, or will your order that no force be used to prevent the meeting of the Legislature?

JOS. E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia.

[Indorsement.]

Approved, and will be sent.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Athens, Ga., May 6, 1865-9 a.m.

Major-General WILSON:

GENERAL: Jefferson Davis parted with the four brigades [Dibrell's two brigades, Duke's and Ferguson's] that were escorting him at Washington on Wednesday or possibly as late as Thursday morning and went on mounted with a party of about forty men. I have not yet been able to learn which road he took from Washington, but I think his object is to get around to the southward of Macon, although he may possibly have got between your command and mine. The Tenth Michigan Regiment, which is at Madison and Eatonton, should be able to ascertain this, and it is ordered to send parties in pursuit, in the event of its being necessary. The four brigades were disbanded or have surrendered at Washington to one of my regiments, excepting one organized party of 500 men under Colonel Breckinridge, of Dibrell's command, who left Washington yesterday morning, saying they were going to Macon to surrender. This I think doubtful, since they were each paid $35 in specie before leaving Macon, and their object is undoubtedly to get off with it. What they have done with the balance of the specie I have not yet ascertained, but expect to know to-day which route it has taken. I have directed Colonel Stacy, who was marching on Washington at the time, to pursue Colonel Breckinridge's party and the specie. General Brown's brigade is guarding the cross-roads, fords, &amp;c., from this point to Knox's Bridge, on the Tugaloo River, via Danielsville and Carnesville. The Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry is here, and I will warrant. The Twelfth Ohio Cavalry [Colonel Bentley] is starting for

