
Monroe, with one battalion en route to Covington and another to Lawrenceville. He will be directed to communicate with Colonel Eggleston at Atlanta if anything important is ascertained. I would respectfully suggest that small parties be at once sent out from your command to guard the fords, ferries, bridges, and cross-roads along the Ocmulgee south from Macon as far, if possible, as Jacksonville. Also that the same be done at once along Flint River, if possible, from Jonesborough south to Albany. And your force at Columbus, if there is any there, might do the same along the Chattahoochee. Since writing the above I have received a dispatch from Colonel Stacy stating that Dibrell's command, &amp;c., excepting those who made off with Breckinridge and by themselves, is marching here to be paroled. Also, that Davis went by railroad from Washington to Union Point, and from there he believes he went south toward Macon or to the south of it. I sent you a dispatch and a cipher dispatch from General Thomas last evening.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

COLUMBUS, May 6, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Are all Government stores included in the surrender of General Johnston? Shall I control the commissary stores left at this post for the benefit of paroled prisoners arriving,and the sick and wounded belonging to both armies? If they are not controlled by some proper authority they will be used by the rabble, and soldiers deprived of them.

J. C. COLE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Colonel J. C. COLE, C. S. Army,Commanding at Columbus, Ga.:

Your telegram is received. General Johnston has surrendered everything. You are required to protect and turn over to the proper officers of my command all the stores in your possession. Please report by telegraph what quantity of stores you have on hand, and orders will be sent you.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ORDERS. HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Under the provisions of Special Field Orders, No. 65, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, dated April 27, 1865, all C. S. mules, horses, harness, wagons, and leather not required for the use of the Cavalry Corps, Military division of the Mississippi, will be turned over to Colonel Ira R. Foster, quartermaster-general of Georgia. Colonel Foster will receive and distribute the above-mentioned animals and other property among the poor of Georgia. This distribution of horses, mules, harness, and wagons will be considered as a loan from the United States, and will be held in readiness to be returned whenever the proper U. S. authorities shall call for them. Colonel Ira R. Foster

