
will receive and receipt for all C. S. mules, horses, harness, and wagons, and make a return of the same, designating the disposition thereof, to the Secretary of War of the United States. Mr. J. H. R. Washington, on the part of the United States, is associated with Colonel Foster in carrying out the details of the orders from these headquarters relative to the distribution of C. S. supplies to the poor people of Georgia.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding U. S. Forces, Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: From information received this morning from Lieutenant Yeoman, we learn that Davis was at Washington on the 3rd or 4th instant, and there paid off his escort in gold, and it is supposed that he left there secretly. The general has taken steps to intercept him to the north and west. He must pass south, east off the Oconee. You will as far as you are able cover the country with trusty scouts and see that he does not pass in your direction. General Croxton will send a battalion from here, crossing the Oconee near Dublin, to strike his trail. We must get him; any way not allow him to pass west of us.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

General E. M. McCOOK,Commanding U. S. Forces, Tallahassee:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that from information received since yesterday there is great probability that Mr. Davis may pass south of this place. You will therefore watch closely all points in your vicinity. Leave a force at Albany and move your command down to Bainbridge and cover all crossings on the Flint River. You can depart from your original instructions as far as in your judgment you think necessary for the carrying out of the object of these movements. A regiment from the Second Division marched this evening to Abbeville, via Hawkinsville, for the purpose of covering the crossings of the Ocmulgee River. Forces have also been sent to Cuthbert and Oglethorpe.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

M. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,

Commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you send small parties to watch the crossings of the Ocmulgee between this

