
place and the mouth of the Towaliga River above this place. Jeff. Davis is reported by General Upton to have been at Washington, Ga., and left that place with six men out of 150 with which he arrived. Every crossing between here and Towaliga River must be closely watched to prevent the possibility of his escape. General Winslow will watch the river above Towaliga to Atlanta, Colonel Minty below Macon to Hawkinsville. The parties sent to watch the crossings must not be recalled until orders are sent from these headquarters, and should any get on Jeff. Davis' track they must not leave it until he is taken.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you send small parties to watch the river crossings between this place and Hawkinsville to prevent the possibility of Jeff. Davis getting across. General Upton reports that Jeff. Davis left Washington on yesterday morning with six men out of 150 with which he arrived at that place. His supposed route was toward Marietta and Talladega, but as the country north of Macon is well watched, he may attempt to cross the Ocmulgee below Macon. General Croxton will send parties to watch the river from here to Graball, and General Winslow from there to Atlanta. The parties to watch the river must not be recalled without an order from these headquarters, and if any get on the track of Jeff. Davis they must not leave until he is taken.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant-General.

AUGUSTA, May 6, 1865-6.30 a.m.

Major-General WILSON:

A ruse de guerre is now justifiable; $500,000 is a cheap way to end the war. The reward should be from E. M. S., and whether successful or not ought to meet with approval. Davis will not travel blindly, but will know his friends in advance of reaching them. Gold is in great demand now and there are thousands who would interest themselves. The booty might be held out as an additional incentive, for it is improbable that we shall ever find it, and the distribution would require four or five mounted companies to be at Atlanta when the bills are received. Has Eggleston any mounted men there? If not, when will they be there? I am sure that the most effectual way to secure him is the one proposed. Your isolated position warrants any means you may adopt. Say go ahead or not.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.

