
first been paid from $25 to $35 per private soldier in specie. I hardly know what to do with them under the circumstances, and should like to have the advice of General Wilson and yourself. What shall be done with the armory at this point; a battalion of 250 workmen [mustered into the Confederate service and having their arms concealed]; also with the large number of Confederate officers, here, including several generals?

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WM. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Brigadier General E. F. WINSLOW,Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you push on as rapidly as possible with the main body of your division, throwing out small parties to watch the roads perpendicular to the line of march and to the eastward. The general desires to have the country thoroughly watched to prevent the possibility of escape of Jeff. Davis between this place and Atlanta and north of the latter place. You will find dispatches for you at Atlanta in the hands of Colonel Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry. If you find the trail the brevet major-general wishes to have it followed until the game is caught.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Colonel B. B. EGGLESTON,Commanding First Ohio Cavalry, Atlanta, Ga.:

In carrying out orders previously sent, the brevet major-general commanding wishes General Winslow to distribute his force so as to have one brigade in reserve for movement in the proper direction. Send word to him to this effect, and say that it would be well to send one regiment by the way of Newman and Carrollton toward Cedartown, in Pope County, distributing it well between the extreme points mentioned. If possible keep the commanding officer of this regiment informed by courier of the exact movements of J. D., with instructions to concentrate when you have discovered the true scent, and go for him with the greatest rapidity.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 6, 1865.

Colonel EGGLESTON,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Lieutenant Yeoman sends word from Greensborough, 5th, that Dibrell's division, after escorting him to Washington, was paid off in gold

