
NASHVILLE, May 6, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski:

Yours received.* The general hopes you will kill Mead and his party, not capture them.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

RESACA, May 6, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A sergeant and three men have just arrived from Atlanta. They left there last night. Colonel Eggleston, First Ohio Cavalry, by order of General Wilson, reports to me that he occupies the place with two companies; rest coming on. He also sends me a very interesting communication, which I will forward by mail to-morrow, in which his informant, an intelligent C. S. soldier, states that he traveled with Jeff. Davis for three days, passing through Chesterville, Aberdeen, and thence to Washington, Ga., where he was on the 3rd. Generals Bragg and Breckinridge are with him. Wheeler, with 1,500 cavalry, was with him. They refused to go farther unless paid. Davis gave them $30 each, with promise of $100 more when they crossed Mississippi River. He is supposed to have $15,000,000 with him, and about fifty wagons. My information was therefore correct. I suppose Colonel Eggleston has informed General Wilson of what he is acquainted with. I think Davis must be overtaken unless he drops his specie. Colonel Eggleston addressed at Kingston. General Wilson probably thinks he is now there.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

RESACA, May 6, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Commanding:

Colonel Woodall has arrived with voluminous and important dispatches open from General Wilson to General Thomas. I send him on at once, and think he should go right on in a special train, as I have read the dispatches and think General Thomas' plans in reference to a farther advance may be changed by them. Will you telegraph Colonel Woodall if you send special train.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, May 6, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just heard from my cavalry. Two brigades passed through Anderson, S. C., on the 2nd instant, with the intention of crossing the Savannah River and getting in front of Davis; the other brigade when last heard from was in hot pursuit.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See 5th, p.620.

---------------

