
declares that there is no organization in this department hostile to the Government which deserves to be characterized as military, and only permits the personal surrender of surrender of individuals.

It is well known that all of the robbers and murderers who have so long harassed the people of Kentucky profess to belong to some rebel command, and now that they are likely to meet the punishment due their crimes, they attempt to escape justice and retain their illgotten gains by seeking to be included in some surrender. They shall not so escape. Every man now in arms in this department shall be driven out, or he must yield himself up, to abide such scrutiny of his conduct as will develop his true history. If he has been merely a soldier, governed by the rules of honorable warfare, he shall have honorable terms. If he is a robber or murderer, if he has been engaged in the assassination of Federal soldiers or attempting to destroy in women and children by throwing cars from the railroad track, he shall be tried, and if regularly convicted he shall be punished, and no commission, real or forged, shall save him. While we have our muskets in our hands the interests of justice and humanity alike demand that such men be exterminated.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 6, 1865.

Colonel C. J. TRUE,

Fifty-third Kentucky, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Major Benjamin and two companies One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio are ordered to Cumberland Gap. When they leave assume command, keeping one company of your regiment for duty at Mount Sterling and vicinity.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

THOS. A. HOWES,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 6, 1865.

Major BENJAMIN,

Mount Sterling, Ky.:

Move to-morrow morning with the two companies of One hundred and eighty-fifth Ohio from Mount Sterling, via Richmond, Ky., to Cumberland Gap. On your arrival at Richmond the company at that place and one from Shelbyville will move with you to the gap. If your health will not permit you to move with the command, direct the senior officer of the four companies to assume command until you join them at the gap. Provide your men with sufficient rations for the trip.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

THOS. A. HOWES,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOWLING GREEN, May 6, 1865.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Louisville:

The force that crossed the Cumberland have been about annihilated. They were mostly officers of the Army of Northern Virginia banded

