
are stuck in the mud, you will cause such wagons to be taken to pieces and set to one side of the road, and have them move on as rapidly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. BACON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD, March 23, 1865.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Brigade:

I will leave for Russellville before daylight in order to see General Wilson. Be kind enough to take charge of the column until I return. I will probably meet you before you reach Frankfort. If not, march on toward Russellville. If you think it practicable or advisable, you can pass Long's train with the column, if it is in your way. Miller has sent a letter, which Major Beaumont will show you, stating that there is forage below Frankfort and Russellville both. Captain Bishop has just come in, reporting the condition of the train, and that you will try to get them up the mountain to-night. The roads up here are very good, and the train once up can move without trouble. The pontoon train is in camp only four or five miles from here. I will have La Grange start in the morning in advance - it will save time - and get his troops to Russellville. I will order him to leave a regiment and his pioneers to take charge of train from top of mountain.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,Frankfort, Ala., March 23, 1865 - 3 p. m.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps,

Military Division of the Mississippi, Russellville, Ala.:

MAJOR: I have just arrived here with the head of my column. My division train will probably all get in camp here by dark. The pontoon train will probably camp about six miles from here, with one regiment as a guard. They will not be more than able to make Russellville by to-morrow night. The roads have been very bad, and their wagons being heavily loaded their mules are very tired. I will, if nothing prevents, wait here until the pontoon train closes up to-morrow, and then move on to Russellville, probably arriving there with my column by 1 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Russellville March 23, 1865 - 1.30 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Leading brigade of my division is to the left and opposite this place, marching for Newburg. The Second Brigade struck from

