
Canby and himself, which applies to all troops under their respective commands. Hostilities may be renewed by either party upon giving forty-eight hours' notice. The present position of all troops will remain unchanged until such notice shall be given or received, pickets to continue at present stations, and no scouting to be allowed by either party outside of his own picket-lines. General Canby informs General Taylor that he will forward you a copy of the terms agreed upon. This communication will be handed you by Major Lawrence L. Butler, my acting assistant adjutant-general, who will receive any communication you may have to make upon the subject of the agreement entered into by Generals Taylor and Canby.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT.

[Inclosure 6.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., May 5, 1865.

Brigadier General MARCUS J. WRIGHT,Commanding Confederate Forces, Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 1st instant has been received informing me of an armistice having been entered into between Generals Canby and Taylor. In answer I beg to inform you that I am not under the orders of General Canby, and his armistice will not be regarded by me. I take the liberty of inclosing you a copy of a dispatch just received from my immediate commander in which the same terms are offered to those who surrender as were given Generals Lee and Johnston, and notifying those who do not surrender that they will be treated as outlaws.*

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

GRENADA, MISS., May 6, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Lieutenant-General Taylor directs me to request that you send a garrison to this place at once as provided for in agreement between Canby and Taylor. Notify me of probable time of the arrival of the garrison and name of commanding officer.

Respectfully,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 6, 1865-1.23 p.m.

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans, La.:

The Chief Engineer deems it indispensable that Captain McFarland should return to Key West to take charge of the operations there. If he can be spared please direct him to do so.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

J A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Thomas to Steedman, et al.,p. 552.

---------------

