HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA, Meridian, May 6, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,Commanding U. S. Forces, Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: I regret to inform you that I find a disposition existing on the part of citizens to plunder the public property, and I have therefore requested General A. J. Smith to send at once guards to Dempolis and Cuba Station. I have also directed Brigadier-General Wright, at Grenada, to notify General Washburn that he is prepared to receive the guard intended for that point, and Brigadier-Generals Tucker and Humphreys, at Jackson and Brookhaven, to give the same notice to General Dana. Columbus and Macon, Miss., are also points where valuable stores are accumulated, but they are not embraced within the purview of your orders. Should I find the guards now at these depots inadequate to their protection, I will notify you of the necessity for a further increase of force. Meanwhile, every effort will be made to identify and arrest the instigators of these lawless proceedings, and if arrested they will be turned over to the U. S.authorities for punishment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, C. S. Army.

MERIDIAN, May 6, 1865-9.30 p.m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, U. S. Army:

I have to request that you will at once send garrisons to Columbus and Macon, Miss. Be pleased to telegraph me when they can reach there, and from what point you will send them.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION

FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala.,

55. May 6, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

5. The detachments of the Fourth Tennessee and Third Michigan Regiments of Cavalry now with the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, at McIntosh Bluff, will be sent with their wagons and baggage to New Orleans by sea, with orders to report on arrival there to Brigadier General J. R. West. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

9. The rules established by General Field Orders, 30, for the government of trade in and with the city of Mobile will apply with equal force to the District of West Florida. The trade with that district will be limited to the wants of the army and navy and the necessities of the inhabitants within the limits of military occupation. To the extent of these necessities military permits and clearances may be granted for supplies not prohibited by existing orders. The commanding general of the district will determine the extent of the trade thus authorized and establish the regulations necessary for controlling it.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

