
the last extremity, until compelled by superior force to lay down their arms and accept the result which the fortunes of war have imposed upon the people of Georgia as the just penalty of the crimes of treason and rebellion. Third. That the restoration of peace and order cannot be intrusted to rebels and traitors who destroyed the peace and trampled down the order that had existed more than half a century and made Georgia a great and prosperous State. The person who incited this war and carried it on at so great a sacrifice to the people of Georgia and the people of all the United States will not to the people of Georgia and the people of all the United States will not be allowed to assemble at the call of their accomplice to act again as a Legislature of the State and usurp its authority and franchises. Men whose crimes have spilled so much blood of their fellow-citizens, and credit of the State, and reduced the poor to destitution, will not be allowed to usurp legislative powers that might be employed to set on foot fresh acts of treason and rebellion. In calling them together without permission of the President, Mr. Brown perpetrated a fresh crime that will be dealt with accordingly. Fourth. You will further inform Mr. Brown that the President of the United States will without delay exert all the lawful powers of his office to relieve the people of Georgia from destitution by delivering them from the bondage of military tyranny which armed rebels and traitors have so long imposed alike upon poor and rich. The President hopes that by restoring peace and order, giving security to life, liberty, and property, by encouraging trade, arts, manufactures, and every species of industry, so as to revive the financial credit of the State and develop its great resources, the people will again soon be able to rejoice under the Constitution and laws of the United States and of their own State in the prosperity and happiness they once had, but were deprived of by the treason and rebellion now overthrown. To all private persons and good people who return to their allegiance to the United States and devote themselves to peaceful pursuits liberal clemency will be exercised. You will communicate the foregoing answer to Mr. Brown, and take prompt measures to prevent any assemblage of rebels as a Legislature or under any other pretext within your command. If any persons shall presume to answer or acknowledge the call of Mr. Brown, mentioned in his telegram to the President, you will immediately arrest and imprison them, and report to this Department for further instructions.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 7, 1865-7 p.m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Macon, Ga.:

The President directs that you immediately arrest Joseph E. Brown, who pretends to act as Governor of Georgia, and send him in close custody under sufficient and secure guard to Major-General Augur, at Washington, and allow him to hold no communication, verbal or written, with any person but the officer having him in charge after the receipt of this order. You will acknowledge by telegraph the hour at which you received this order and report your action.

By order of the President of the United States:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

