
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 7, 1865-7 p.m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Instructions have been sent you in regard to Brown. Any other prominent rebel who may take any steps toward reorganizing rebels should be seized immediately and sent to Washington under guard. Your action in respect to the reward for Davis is approved. The President offered a reward of $100,000 for his arrest last week.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MACON, May 7, 1865-6 p.m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Raleigh, N. C.:

Davis' escort has been crowded so closely on all sides that it has been disbanded. Three regiments have given themselves up to us here, and many others are surrendering in Northern Georgia. Davis himself and a small party, variously reported from six to forty men, are supposed to have turned south from Washington. I have the Ocmulgee picketed from its head to Hawkinsville, and by 6 p.m. to-morrow will have it closely watched from Hawkinsville to Jacksonville. I have a line of stations along the railroad from Atlanta to Eufaula and Albany, and have directed McCook, at Tallahassee, Fla., to send scouts to north and eastward in all directions. Say to General Sherman my command is suffering for long forage. I have 20,000 animals and 17,000 men to feed. It is no small task to get supplies. Hay could be sent us from Savannah by way of Augusta, and thence by rail. Please send me the news by telegraph.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 7, 1865-6 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

[Via Atlanta and Dalton.]

Davis has disbanded his cavalry escort, having found it impossible to get it through our lines, and he left Washington on the 4th with a small party, estimated at from six to forty men, and is supposed to have turned south. I have the Ocmulgee watched as far south as Hawkinsville, and by 6 p.m. to-morrow shall have it well picketed to Jacksonville. Besides, I have small parties at every station from Atlanta to Albany, and have directed McCook, at Tallahassee, to send scouts to the north and east in all directions. Palmer is also doing all in his power. Davis can hardly escape except in disguise and by bold riding. I have arranged for the surrender of the Georgia militia, including the commander-in-chief. In the orders issued by General Sherman after the capitulation of Johnston, I am ordered to conduct my corps back to Decatur. In view of the destitution in North Georgia and Alabama, and the fact that I have 21,000 animals, 14,000 white and 3,000 black soldiers to feed, I regard the execution of the order entirely impracticable except by the following plan: If you will send forage and

