
supplies by rail as far below Dalton as possible, and direct General Judah to lay a pontoon bridge over the Etowah, I will lay one on the Chattahoochee and accumulate three days' grain at Atlanta, so that when the bridges are all ready I will march rapidly from one depot to the other. I can leave the State in no other way to the northward. If the railroad bridge at Resaca could be rebuilt the matter would be very much simplified. I can live in this State from twenty to twenty-five days longer. Please let me know your decision upon my suggestion.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

Colonel Eggleston will forward this to General Judah, to be telegraphed from Dalton.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, May 7, 1865. [Received 12.30 a.m. 12th.]

Major-General WILSON,Macon, Ga.:

[To be forwarded from Dalton by Lieutenant Heywood.]

I forwarded your report by Lieutenant Heywood to Lieutenant-General Grant, who replied as follows:

There is no use attempting to rebuild the road. A much cheaper and easier way for supplying the country where Wilson is can be found from the sea-coat. It may not be necessary for us to keep troops in the interior.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

I have given directions for a train of supplies to be sent you under escort as far as Atlanta, where Lieutenant Heywood informs me that they can be received on cars and conveyed as far as Macon. If you find yourself cramped for subsistence and forage before you hear from me again you can bring your command to the north side of the Etowah. I shall have the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad repaired as far as Resaca, to facilitate the carrying of supplies to the troops, which it may be necessary to post in that part of the State, and forage and subsistence can be easily taken to your command at Rome, Kingston, and Cartersville. You will, I think, find good grazing on the Etowah. It was fine there last summer. In case you have to move without further orders from me, send forward a messenger to enable the quartermaster to be prepared with supplies for your command. The message should reach here at least one week before you reach the Etowah. You must now put a stop to all pillaging and straggling of the troops.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

RALEIGH, May 7, 1865-10 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have received the following dispatch* from General Wilson and have advised him not to destroy public property until he hears from you again.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Wilson to Schofield, May 6,12 m., p.629.

---------------

