
RALEIGH, N. C., May 7, 1865-8 p.m.

Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

I have received your cipher dispatch of the 6th, and will forward it to General Sherman at City Point. Meanwhile I would advise you not to destroy public stores until you hear from him again. I presume there is no reason for haste in your movements. My belief is that Davis will attempt to escape from the coast of Florida, while some of his guard go west as a decoy.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., May 7, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Div. of the Mississippi, Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch to General Grover and requisition for supplies for your command were brought here by Lieutenant Woodruff.* I have directed a temporary depot to be established at Darien, Ga., for your command. I have also ordered the river steam-boat Governor Troup, recently captured on the Altamaha and the Ocmulgee, from Darien. When you get through with her please order her to Savannah to report to Major-General Grover.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MAY 7, 1865.-For Gillmore to Adjutant-General of the Army, relating to Wilson's operations in Georgia, see Vol. XLVII, Part III, p.433.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY POST OF OPELIKA, May 7, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,Macon, Ga.:

Having just seen General Orders, 18, from General Johnston, and also his instructions to Major-General McLaws and Brigadier-General Fry, allowing all officers and men west of the Chattahoochee to take advantage of the convention between himself and Major General W. T.

Sherman, I have determined, after a consultation with my officers, to take advantage of its terms. I am in General Taylor's department, but am completely isolated and have no communication with him. I have on duty with me one major [commissary of subsistence], one captain [assistant quartermaster], two captains of the line, and two lieutenants, and some fifteen men. Let me know if you will accept of the surrender upon terms mentioned in General Johnston's order, and send an officer to accept of our paroles. Answer at once.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BUFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

---------------

*See May 1, p.551.

