
AUGUSTA, May 7, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

I send the following dispatch from General Palmer:
HEADQUARTERS OF CAVALRY, DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,May 6, 1865-11 p. m.

Dibrell's division of cavalry, which is now lying near the pontoon bridge over the Savannah River at Petersburg, escorted Jeff. Davis with the Confederate specie from Greensborough to that point. On reaching there, finding that my command had intercepted them on their way to the Trans-Mississippi Department, Dibrell concluded to surrender his command with some detachments of Duke's and Vaughn's brigades left with them. Had first been here paid $25 to $35 per private soldier in specie. I hardly know what to do with them under the circumstances, and should like to have the advice of General wilson. What shall be done with the armory at this point and battalion of 250 workmen (mustered into the Confederate service and having their arms concealed); also with the large number of Confederate officers, including several generals?

WM. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General Palmer should be advised to send the horses of the command, as Captain Abraham has not enough men to take charge of the animals. The general thinks the specie should be taken away from the soldiers, as, per convention, it is the property of the United States. I shall telegraph Eggleston to take all horses ridden by rebel privates through Atlanta. Captain McAllester, of General Palmer's staff, is waiting for your reply. He wishes to return by 6 a. m. train. Please answer at once.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, May 7, 1865-9.40 p. m.

Major-General UPTON:

Your telegram of this evening is received, including questions from General Palmer. Please send him word to disarm, dismount, and parole all prisoners taken. The money paid them by Davis is also legitimate capture, but I suspect he will find difficulty in collecting it. The armory should be destroyed, all valuable material put on the cars and run to Augusta, the balance burned. The workmen are clearly under the terms of the convention and should be threaded accordingly. You are right in the instructions to Colonel Eggleston. I have received two dispatches from General Palmer by the hands of his officers. Tell him his suggestions had already been acted upon. Every disposition is made to arrest fugitives that the circumstances demand. It is quite certain Dick Taylor has capitulated. Your orders to Eggleston are correct.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

AUGUSTA, GA., May 7, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

The corps commissary should be sent to this place to-morrow to receipt for subsistence stores. An officer from your staff should also be sent to receipt for quartermaster's stores. How long will my division remain in Atlanta? Wish to make arrangements for headquarters.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.

