
morning to intercept Davis and make a junction with Croxton if he can be found in that portion of country. If necessary I can move southwest with 3,000 dismounted men. I shall do this if I obtain information that Davis is moving in such direction that I could intercept him, unless I receive orders to the contrary.

EDWD. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, May 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Eastport, Miss.:

I have directed Captain Van Duzer to send a construction party to Eastport without delay to build the line Eastport to Iuka, and repair the line to Corinth.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

CHATTANOOGA, May 7, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

There are large numbers of paroled men claiming homes in Tennessee and Kentucky accumulating at Resaca. They are without rations and the country is destitute. Shall I force them outside of the lines without rations? I respectfully ask full instructions in this matter.

Respectfully,

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 7, 1865.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Paroled prisoners surrendered by Lee and Johnston and others entering into the same arrangements will be allowed to return to their homes if within any of the States that seceded. If belonging to other States they must take the oath first. Under the direction of the Attorney. General, prisoners captured in battle are not to be allowed paroles nor the privilege of the oath in any way, except by authority of the War Department.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Stoneman.)

RESACA, May 7, 1865.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The bridge arrived during the night; is being laid. I shall go to Calhoun to-morrow. Please give me definite instructions in reference to paroled prisoners coming toward Tennessee as soon as Colonel Woodall has communicated with the general. Ninety here collected since your dispatch was received, and I have to feed them.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

42 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

