HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., May 7, 1865.

Captain J. H. SIFERS,

Commanding Company E, 185th Ohio Vol. Infty., Lexington, Ky.:

Move with your company to Richmond, Ky., and at that place join the two companies from Mount Sterling and the company now at Richmond and proceed to Cumberland Gap. If Major Benjamin is not in condition to move with the command from Richmond the senior officer will assume command of the four companies. Carry with you seven days' rations of sugar, coffee, meat, and hard bread. Move to-day.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Div., Dept. of Kentucky.

BOWLING GREEN, May 7, 1865.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Kentucky:

Colonel Malone is to surrender to me to-morrow. Several bands are also to do so in the next three or four days. Have you any orders for me in such cases? Shall I continue to hold intercourse in accordance with General Thomas' instructions? Answer to-night.

E. H. MURRAY,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 7, 1865. (Received 9 p. m. 15th.)

SECRETARY OF WAR, Washington, D. C.:

I am satisfied that, if permitted, the Legislature of the State of Alabama will at once call a convention, which, in twenty-four hours after its organization, will undo all that has been done in the past four years, and settle favorably and definitely all questions that conflict with the supreme authority of the Government of the United States. I am not yet so fully advised with regard to the State of Mississippi, but I believe that the same conditions will control the action of that State. I have answered all who have applied to me that I have no authority to determine any questions affecting the political relations of the States to the General Government, but have advised all civil officers to return to their posts, with the archives and property in their charge; to report themselves to the military authorities, and to wait the action of the General Government. In my judgment it will be wise to use the policy and the agencies which now control. If they move in the wrong direction they can be guided, and if perverse can be stopped at any moment. Please advise me by telegraph by way of Nashville, and duplicate by the Mississippi River.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, ALA., May 7, 1865.

(Via Cairo 14th. Received 1.30 p. m., 15th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

The terms of the surrender of Dick Taylor's forces includes all men and material within the limits of his command. His troops will at

