
once be collected at points from which they can most conveniently be paroled and sent to their homes. The depots of supplies, which appear to be very large, will be guarded by his troops until the guards designated by me can relieve them. A number of river transports, impressed was evacuated, will be sent down the river. Four blockade-runners, the property of the Quartermaster's Department, are included in the surrender to the army, and will be very useful for coast service. The chiefs of the property department of Dick Taylor's army have been ordered by him to report to the chiefs of my own staff to account for and turn over the property in their charge. The civil officers appears to be disposed to account for an turn over in good faith the property which they hold, and I expect in a few days to get accurate accounts of all cotton belonging to the rebel Government within the States of Alabama and Mississippi. I shall keep the main body of the troops well together and make such detachments only as may be necessary to guard important points and the depots of supplies that will be turned over. I will open the telegraph line to Corinth and have requested General Thomas to open if from that place to Eastport. The Mobile and Ohio and Mobile and Montgomery Railroads can be put in running order in a short time, and I will put them, so far as they are within the limits of my command, under the control of the president and directors, as the agents of the military authorities, until their legal status may be determined. Both will be needed for military purposes, and in this arrangement will be quite as much under our control as if worked by ourselves. I will take immediate measures to garrison Apalochicola and Saint Mark's to prevent their being used for any improper purposes. The navy, 15 officers and about 400 men, with 2 gun-boats and 2 tugs, were surrendered at the same time to Admiral Thatcher.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, May 7, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: By to-morrow my troops will all be in position to give their paroles upon arrival of your commissioners. Upon my part I name Brigadier General R. L. Gibson, Brigadier General William H. Jackson, Colonel Thomas H. Taylor, commissioners, to act, respectively, at the following places of rendezvous, to wit: Meridian, Gainesville, and Jackson. I also name Colonel William R. Miles to represent me here as commissioner in paroling unattached officers and men. Be pleased to telegraph me when your commissioners will probably arrive.

Respectfully,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 7, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Meridian, Miss.:

Be pleased to forward the following dispatches:

Major General N. J. T. DANA, Vicksburg:

Select an officer with the rank of colonel as commissioner to receive the paroles of Confederate officers and men collected to Jackson, Miss. Before entering upon

