
his duties, he will proceed to Meridian and receive detailed from Brigadier General G. L. Andrews, provost-marshal-general of this army, who will be there in course of to-morrow (Monday). The commissioner will be accompanied by officers of the quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments, with the necessary clerical force, who will receive and account for such surrendered property as may be turned over to them by officers of General Taylor's Staff.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 7, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Brigadier-General Andrews, the provost-marshal-general of this army, goes to Meridian to-morrow (Monday), to receive the surrender of officers and men belonging to the command of Lieutenant General R. Taylor. All paroled prisoners belonging to Kentucky and Tennessee will be sent to Eastport, and I have to request that the necessary transportation by river may be collected at that place to carry them to the points nearest their homes. General Taylor or General Andrews will advise you at the earliest possible moment of the exact number for whom such transportation is required.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 7, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Chief of Ordnance and Arty., Army and Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: You will detail an officer from your department, with sufficient clerical force, to accompany General Andrews by railroad to-morrow morning to Meridian, Miss., to receive all ordnance and ordnance stores, commissary and quartermaster's stores, and property belonging to the Confederate army. The officer will report to General Andrews, at headquarters, to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Hinsdill, chief commissary of subsistence, Army and Division of West Mississippi; Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, Army and Division of West Mississippi.)

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION

FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 56. Mobile, Ala., May 7, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General George L. Andrews, provost-marshal-general, Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, and Colonel H. Bertram are hereby appointed commissioners to proceed to-morrow morning to Meridian, Miss., for the purpose of receiving the surrender of the army commanded by Lieutenant General R. Taylor. They will provide themselves with a sufficient clerical force, and assemble at the office of the provost-marshal-general on Monday, May 8 at 9 a. m. precisely, and will be accompanied by officers of the quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments, who will receive and account for all property surrendered to them by officers of General Taylor's staff. By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

