
that no acts of pretty marauding or hostility against an humbled foe or the citizens within our lines will be allowed to tarnish the laurels bravely you by nearly three years of arduous service, or weaken the harmony now sought to be established amongst the citizens of a common country.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Henry Bertram:

A. J. ROCKWELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, May 7, 1865. (Received 8th.)

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Order the two brigades to march at once to Demopolis and Meridian, one brigade to be stationed at each place, relieving all guards belonging to the command of Lieutenant-General Taylor. Answer by telegraph.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff.

POLLARD, May 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The road is in running order to this place. The engine that I started from Montgomery with was disabled twelve miles north of here and it will take several days to repair it after it is taken to the machine-shop. I am pushing the work as fast as I can under the circumstances. The bridge over Big Escambia will be ready Monday evening; then the only work to be done will be near Tensas Station. I have relaid all the track that was torn up at this place. I cannot move either way until I get the engine now at Montgomery. I shall apply for tools and material to work the road at Mobile, unless I have orders to the contrary.

H. L. WHEELER,

Captain and Engineer, in charge of Mobile and Montgomery Railroad.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 8, 1865-12 midnight.

(Received 10 a. m. 9th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

I have full dispatches from Wilson of the 6th. One boat has arrived at Augusta all right. He is after Jeff. Davis, who cannot escape save in disguise. He is reported in Georgia, escorted by about seventy officers as a special body guard and about 3,000 cavalry. Does the Secretary of War's newspaper order take Wilson from my command or shall I continue to order him? If I have proven incompetent to manage my own command let me know it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[MAY 8, 1865.- For Sherman to Schofield, relating to Wilson's operations in Georgia, see Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 441.]

