HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 8, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: The brevet major-general commanding directs me to furnish you with copies of the President's proclamation,* and to say that you may make such disposition of your command as you think best to arrest Jeff. Davis. You can spread your command all along the banks of the Ocmulgee and Altamaha. Please scatter this proclamation far and wide, and leave no stone unturned to secure the "arch traitor." Copies of the proclamation will be furnished as soon as they can be printed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Macon, Ga., May 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel H. N. HOWLAND,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will move with your command in as light order as possible to-morrow, the 9th instant, marching, via Hawkinsville, to Spalding, Irwin County, at or near which place you will establish your headquarters. You will leave one regiment at some point between Folsom's Creek and Adams, and detach another regiment to a point at or near the head of the Altamaha River. You will have every ford and ferry on the Ocmulgee and Altamaha River from hawkinsville to the Ohoopee River well guarded, and make every endeavor to capture or kill Jeff. Davis, the rebel ex-President, who is supposed to be endeavoring to cross the Ocmulgee south of Macon. You will take possession of and guard all Government property which you may find, not interfering, however, with that turned over to the State authorities by the major-general commanding for the benefit of the poor. All supplies needed for your command will be taken from the country, but proper vouchers will invariably by given by your quartermaster or commissary. Straggling, pillaging, or plundering must not be allowed under any circumstances. You can take the following wagons: Two for brigade headquarters, two one for each regiment, three; total, five. Dismounted men and unserviceable horses will be left at this place under proper officers. Further orders will by issued designating the hour at which you will march.

By command of Colonel R. H. G. Minty:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, May 8, 1865-4.45 p. m.

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Augusta, Ga.:

The President of the United States has issued his proclamation announcing that the Bureau of Military Justice has reported upon

---------------

*See May 2, p. 566.

---------------

