
MORROW'S STATION, May 8, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Lieutenant Yeoman send word that Dibrell's division is with the party we are looking for, south of Macon. Also Ferguson's division, which is moving under flag of truce of Macon. I am in good position and hope to hear something before going in any direction.

Yours, truly,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 8, 1865-8 a. m.

General WILSON:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Yeoman says that Ferguson, with one division cavalry, is en route for Macon under flag of truce; that Dibrell's division is following, but he don't know that the latter is going to Macon. Davis and cabinet are following in rear, with 100 picked men as escort. Yeoman is with one of the parties yet. He says that all passed through Madison on the 6th instant, and he writes us from a point five miles from that place under date of 6th instant. Now, Dibrell will either go on the east of the Ocmulgee to or near Milledgeville, or cross it or its headwaters and swing over to Griffin, Forsyth, or some other point. I am waiting to hear further and think I am well situated to strike in any direction from this place, Morrow's, or Jonesborough. Have my command in hand. You had better look out to the east, northeast, and toward Barnesville. I have nobody below Griffin. Hope to learn something very soon. Send orders by telegraph to Atlanta or by rail to Jonesborough or Atlanta.

WINSLOW.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 8, 1865-11 p. m.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. F. WINSLOW,

Morrow's Station, Ga.:

Your telegram is received. Colonel Eggleston telegraphs that Yeoman reports Davis probably about Lawrenceville and Warsaw, northeast of Atlanta, last night. I think you ought to have a small force at Carrollton. Look out sharply. Minty is operating well to south and east.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 8, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General WINSLOW,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you send word to Colonel Palmer, or whoever may be in command at Athens, Ga., to render every assistance to Captain W. M. Booke, C. S. Army, for preserving the maps and other C. S. Army engineer property recently captured by them near Athens. You will also send a detail

