SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 48. Chattanooga, Tenn., May 8, 1865.

* * * * *

V. The One hundred and eighty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry having been transferred to the Second Brigade, First Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, will join its brigade without delay at Chattanooga, Tenn., or wherever it may be. Railroad transportation will be furnished to Chattanooga.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, May 8, 1865.

General WHIPPLE:

Is Tennessee considered a seceded or loyal State? I have been under the impression that Kentucky and Tennessee were both considered as loyal States, but the provost-marshal-general, Department of the Cumberland, terms and designates Tennessee as a seceded State, and issues instructions accordingly.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General DAVIS TILLSON,

Greenville:

You are authorized to come to Nashville.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, May 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

The following telegram, just received, is forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding:

GREENEVILLE, May 8, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM:

The following dispatch has just been received from Colonel Hawley, per courier:

"HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

"Asheville, N. C., May 7, 1865.

"Captain W. W. DEANE,

"Assistant Adjutant-General:

"I have the honor to report that General Martin, Colonel Thomas, and Lieutenant-Colonel Love surrendered to Lieutenant-Colonel Bartlett their forces with Department of West North Carolina. The papers are being prepared at Waynesborough. Colonel Bartlett had found enemy posted in a gap above Gainesville, but met a flag of truce, the result of which was the surrender. General Martin urged the retention of their arms, and Colonel Bartlett asks if I have not authority to get from the general commanding. The arms were desired to be retained for the purpose of putting down bandits and to be subject to our order. My orders were peremptory that the arms could not be retained; that it was necessary to ask instructions. Colonel Laird is to be apprised of the surrender, and has been ordered to proceed to Rabun Gap and carry out his instructions. Colonel Bartlett, after completing the details of surrender, will return here, believing the surrender of Thomas made it unnecessary for him to proceed farther. The road by Paint Rock will be completed to-day. The negro soldiers who committed the rape, except one witness,

