
four in number, were shot yesterday, before the whole regiment. Robberies and depredations are ceasing. A citizen from interior reports that General Schofield is military governor of North Carolina.

"Respectfully, your obedient servant,

"C. G. HAWLEY,

"Colonel, Commanding."

The negroes above referred to were a party who stole out of camp on the march to Asheville and committed a brutal rape on the person of a young white woman, after nearly killing her uncle and aunt, two very old people, who tried to prevent the outrage. I am much gratified that they have been found and shot. I respectfully recommend that the supplies now at Asheville be turned over to Colonel Bartlett and that Colonel Hawley and most of train be ordered back to this place to prevent necessity of sending more supplies to Asheville. I do not think it necessary to keep more than the two North Carolina regiments in that part of the country. One or both of these could be withdrawn very soon with advantage to the service and the country. I very much fear they will deteriorate into thieves and robbers.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General.

General Tillson has been directed to withdraw all his forces from the mountains as soon as the interest of the service will allow. I have informed him his instructions to Colonel Bartlett are approved.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

NEW HAVEN, May 8, 1865.

General PALMER:

Work train ran into Bill Hughs with forty-one men about two miles and a half from here. They said they were getting their horses shod. Said they were waiting for Goulder. Train hands saw some more near Wilson's Furnace this evening. From what I can find out them intend to concentrate and attack this place to-night. Send re-enforcements to-night if possible.

W. A. WATROUS,

Captain, Commanding.

LEBANON JUNCTION, May 8, 1865.

General PALMER:

No attack on New Havey yet. A scout just come in there, reporting the guerrillas within a mile of town. Attack expected to be made in force from several points.

B. H. H. BROWERS,

Operator.

MEMPHIS, May 8, 1865.

(Received 9th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright telegraphs me as follows.*

I shall send to-morrow morning a cavalry force of 500 men to occupy that point.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Wright to Washburn, May 6, p. 642.

---------------

