
MOBILE, ALA., May 8, 1865.

Captain R. G. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I left Mobile on the evening of the 5th, pursuant to your instructions, with an escort of ten men and an ambulance, per steamer Crawford; reached McIntosh Bluff on the morning of the 6th; left that point at 9 a. m. that date, and reached Midway Landing at 9 p. m. of same date; proceeded inland to Bladen Springs, a distance of four miles, and reported the communication of General Canby to Mr. Scott. On the morning of the 7th, after consulting his physician, Mr. Scott deemed it inadvisable to attempt reaching Mobile and land, where upon I immediately sent a detachment to the landing with instructions to stop the first boat going down the river. Stopped the Jeff. Davis, and reached Mobile on the evening of the 8th, having left the Jeff. Davis in exchange for Confederate steamer Black Diamond at McIntosh Bluff, by order of General Benton, and escorted Mr. Scott to his lodgings at the corner of Dearborn and Government streets. Sent the ambulance and men to their former quarters.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

C. LINDEN,

Captain, Second New Jersey Cavalry.

EAST PESCAGOULA, MISS., May 8, 1865.

Captain CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Mobile:

SIR: I have the honor to report I arrived here with my command last evening. My men are quartered in a large abandoned hotel. The road from Mobile to this place is in good order, except the bridge and corduroy at Nine-Mills Creek, which I will repair soon as material can be obtained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. T. MOORE,

Captain, Second Illinois Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 8, 1865.

Colonel OTTO FUNKE:

COLONEL: You will proceed at 5 a. m. to-morrow with 500 cavalry, well mounted, to Grenada, Miss., where you will establish a military post. You will take five days' full rations and thirty days' rations of coffee, sugar, and salt. You will also take two days' rations of forage, but will send back your forage train from Senatobia, calling upon the officer in charge for an escort of twenty men for the return train. You will allow your command to depredate upon no one, nor will you take anything from the citizens without proper vouchers. You will understand that you are to protect the people of the country, but you will seize all Confederate property, in whosesoever hands it may be. I hope to have the telegraph open to Grenada by the time you reach there. Let the people understand that you are there to assist them in the organization of civil government, and that they must organize so that they can protest themselves. You will capture all rebel soldiers in arms and hold as prisoners. Such as have been paroled from Lee's, Johnston's,

