
WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. I know of no order which changes your command in any particular. General Wilson is in telegraphic communication with Washington, whilst you have not been; consequently instructions have been sent him direct.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Manchester, Va., May 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have joined my army at Manchester, opposite Richmond, and await your orders. General Wilson telegraphs through General Schofield for hay and forage for 20,000 animals, to be sent up the Savannah River to Augusta. Under Secretary Stanton's newspaper orders, taking Wilson substantially from my command, I wish you would give the orders necessary for the case.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 10, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General, with directions that he send the forage called for in this dispatch.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., May 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Major-General Canby telegraphs me from Mobile May 2, received to-day:

Lieutenant-General Taylor surrendered on the terms proposed to him. I will meet him at Citronelle on the 4th instant, and will arrange with him that the troops and property within your command be surrendered to officers designated by you.

I had already directed General Granger, at Decatur, to receive the surrender of Roddey and all others near Decatur; General Hatch to receive the surrender of troops and property in Northeast Mississippi, and General Washburn the troops and property in Northwest Mississippi.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865.

General G. H. THOMAS:

Upon receipt hereof you are authorized to cause the immediate muster out and discharge from service of all officers and soldiers of your command whose terms of service will expire prior to May 31, 1865. In discharging the said troops the following will be observed: First. The musters out will be made in accordance with existing regulations by the

