
the loss of 89 mules and 7 horses. With this as a booty they went off apparently satisfied, but returned on the night of the 8th, in numbers about 400. The citizens met them and used every effort in their power to quiet them, by promising them sixty days' rations and all rights and privileges would be granted them as soldiers, in obedience to orders from General Sherman, through General Sam. Jones, to the officers at this post. Still nothing would do-thy commenced the work of destruction by breaking open the stores, commencing with the store of Captain C. W. West, issuing commissary; from thence to Captain J. N. Williams, purchasing and depot commissary. In those two stores they destroyed and carried away from 75,000 to 125,000 pounds of bacon, about 40 boxes of hard bread, &amp;c. They also demolished all books, papers, and office furniture they could find. Having completed this work they attacked Captain E. W. Davis, post quartermaster, when they carried away about 4,000 bushels of corn, all stores being destroyed. They then declared their intentions to burn the town. In the former raid the citizens turned out in arms to resist them; but thinking it contrary to the surrender of General Johnston they did not when they returned on the 8th, but tried to persuade them of their folly, and promised them sixty days' rations, as before stated-still nothing would do. But the officers kept their stores closed and locked until after all the stores were safely deposited on the train, when the engineers were persuaded to remove some part of the machinery that would not be discovered, and in case of a failure in this to burn a bridge just below the town, so as to enable a dispatch to reach you, and if in your judgment it would be necessary to send a guard down it would allow you ample time so to do. I beg to state that the men who are engaged in the business are not men of nor friends of either army, but are enemies to mankind-men of no morals or influence, still capable of doing a vast deal of harm, and unless it be stopped there is no telling where it will end, for with such lawless bands in our midst it will be utterly impossible for any stores to be collected, nor are they safe in the hands of their owners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. WILLIAMS,

Captain, Provisional Army, C. S.

THOMASVILE, GA., May 9, 1865.

D. H. LAKE, Esq.,

Editor Thomasville Times:

SIR: I had desired a personal interview with you, but am compelled to leave without enjoying that honor. You are of course aware of the change which has lately taken place in the military and political relations of the country, and recognize the necessity which now exists with all good citizens for avoiding discussions which may excite or irritate the public mind. For this reason I desire that you will give your parole of honor that both the newspapers issued from your office will in future be published in the interest of peace, good order, and national unity, or that you suspend their publication until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

