
AUGUSTA, May 9, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

I expect to leave for Atlanta by to-night's train. Will leave an officer to take charge of paroling till General Molineux can relieve him. Shall I send forward [those] now here, or shall they remain till the balance arrives from Savannah? I yesterday hoisted the Stars and Stripes over the U. S. Arsenal at Augusta, delivering an appropriate speech on the occasion; much enthusiasm prevailed. How soon will we be en route? Davis' last hope of escape is now cut off, [unless] he should get to a foreign country.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 9, 1865.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Augusta, Ga.:

Your telegram of this morning is received. I congratulate you upon your efforts as an orator. I know they did credit to yourself and the corps. You had better make arrangements to forward our supplies at once. I have given Lieutenant Brown the necessary orders. We shall probably not be en route for two weeks. General Steedman is repairing the road from Dalton to Atlanta, and wants all the assistance he can get from this end. As soon as you get to Atlanta, see the superintendent of the road, Doctor Philips, and have him put every body to work. A bridge is already framed for the Chattahoochee and will be sent up soon. Captain Glen, formerly C. S. Army, in charge of rail roads, will take charge of the repairs as engineer. Do you know anything of J. D.?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

AUGUSTA, May 9, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

The following dispatch was received from Captain Abraham at Washington this morning:

It will be necessary for me to have a large force immediately. Generals Dibrell and Vaughn have just arrived with about 2,000 men, mounted. I have paroled about 1,200 officers and men, including Generals Elzey, Williams, Lewis, Gilmer, and Lawton. A number of stragglers are a waiting to be paroled. I have about 600 muskets, some mules and wagons. I had no instructions in regard to receiving property, and let them keep all private property.

LOT ABRAHAM,

Captain and Acting Provost-Marshal.

What steps shall be taken to secure these horses and mules for the United States?

E. UPTON,

Major-General.

MACON, May 9, 1865-12.30 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Major General E. UPTON:

Your telegram in regard to the prisoners at Washington is received. Send Captain Abraham as many men as he may need, with instructions to parole, dismount, and disarm the men, but allow the officer to retain

