
their side-arms and private horses. Send the arms to Augusta by rail. Mules and wagons are to be turned over to the quartermaster-general of Georgia as a loan to the poor. The horses you had better use in replacing mules in your own command. Send to Washington the necessary paroles, and I think you had better stop there on your way to Atlanta. I have just heard that Davis distributed his specie among the citizens about Athens for safe-keeping. This is reliable. As a matter of course, you will compel it all to be brought in .

J. H. WILSON,

Major-General.

AUGUSTA, [May] 9, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

General Ruggles requests that the same form of parole be administered to himself and staff as was administered to Generals Johnston and Beauregard. Appended is the form of parole. Immediate answer.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., May 1, 1865.

In accordance with the terms of the military convention entered into on the 26th day of April, 1865, between General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding the Confederate army, and Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the U. S. army, in North Carolina, - - has given his solemn obligation not to take up arms against the Government of the United States until properly released from this obligation, and is permitted to return to his home, not to be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as he observes this obligation and obeys the laws in force where he may reside.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

WM. HARTSUFF,

Bvt. Brigadier General and Asst. Insp. General, U. S. Army, Special Commissioner.

Some of the officers object to being sworn as contrary to the custom of war, preferring to pledge their honor. Shall I have some paroles printed for officers substituting "pledge my honor" for 'solemnly swear?"

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 9, 1865-2 p. m.

Major General E. UPTON, Augusta, Ga.:

Your telegram in regard to the case of General Ruggles is received. If you are satisfied the form of parole you give is correct, you may administer it, inserting the words 'solemnly pledge this my parole of honor." The words "military authorities of the United States" cannot be changed.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 9, 1865-5 p. m.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON, Augusta:

Look out for Extra Billy Smith, of Virginia. The Secretary of War offers $25,000 for his arrest. Schofield telegraphs that he thinks Jeff. Davis will try to escape by the Florida coasts. Have you any clue to his route?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

(Same to Bvt. Brigadier General E. F. Winslow, Atlanta.)

