
AUGUSTA, [May[9, 1865.

General WILSON:

General Vaughn, commanding Dibrell's brigade and Williams', which are now at Washington, is here to consult in regard to terms of surrender. He assures me on his honor that he has been informed by reliable officer in their army that all the cavalry which surrendered in North Carolina were permitted to retain their horses, and requests the same privilege. His command is all from Kentucky and Tennessee, and he proposes, after being paroled, to march directly to East Tennessee and there disband. General Vaughn received positive orders to escort Jeff. Davis and his cabinet across the Mississippi, but upon learning of the convention positively refused to go farther, and marched to Washington to be paroled. He only objects to turning over his horses. I suppose there is no doubt that his command would disperse if not paroled on this terms, and as we have no means of preventing, I see no reason why they should not be granted. The horses will go to a loyal part of the country, and to grant his request would be in the spirit of General Sherman's orders to loan horses and mules to the needy. I expected to leave immediately; a train with my rations and horses is waiting at the depot for me. Please reply immediately, as I wish to leave for Atlanta by 10 p. m.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 9, 1865.

Bvt. Major General E. UPTON,

Augusta, Ga.:

The general commanding directs me to say that such of General Vaughn's men as cannot go home be rail with be permitted to retain their horses.

Yours, respectfully,

M. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

ATLANTA, GA., May 9, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

General Alexander started toward Marietta as much to determine something definite about Davis' route as with hope of catching him. You have Lieutenant Yeoman's report, which seems to be somewhat confirmed. Since it, however, doubtful whether Davis or his escort went north of here; perhaps neither. If his escort did go north, or west, he may have gone south. Our forces, Stoneman's included, are all over the country-Athens, Covington, Madison, Warsaw, Lawrencenville, and other places. I have the road guarded south to Griffin, north to Warsaw, and scouts about Marietta, &amp;c. General Alexander took 200 men with him. If you wish to commence on the railroad at once, send forward the negroes, axes, and shovels. I will send to-morrow a report of condition of railroad by first train.

Your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

