
and Waynesville. Direct him to summon all armed bands to surrender, as previously directed in telegraph from Major-General Stoneman, and to pursue, kill, or capture all who do not surrender. Order Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry to Asheville immediately, and have Lieutenant-Colonel Bartlett make his headquarters there until Colonel Kirk arrives, when he will move here with his regiment, unless the subsistence stores become exhausted, in which case he will move to this place without waiting for Kirk. I would like to have Colonel Kirk remain in Asheville a few days, if there are stores for his regiment, and gather up his command and all stragglers, and then return to this place, with all troops, transportation, and stores remaining in Asheville. You will order the First U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), with transportation, supplies, and ammunition, to this place, leaving ten teams of Quartermaster Brown's train, in addition to the regimental train of Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry and Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry, and guard sufficient to protect those and the subsistence stores, which will be left behind for use of Second and Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry. You will come yourself with detachment of Tenth Michigan Cavalry, leaving the other cavalry to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Bartlett on his arrival, and report to these headquarters as soon as practicable.

By command of Brigadier General D. Tillson:

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- In addition to the ten wagons left from Lieutenant Brown's train you will leave four wagon loads of ammunition for Second and Third North Carolina Mounted Infantry.

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 9, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General PALMER,

Commanding East Tennessee Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your letters have been received. I am very much obliged to you for the information they contained. I have made the best possible disposition of my force for the purpose of arresting Davis. He cannot get away with an escort, but may slip through as a fugitive. I have the whole line of the Ocmulgee and Altamaha closely guarded, a force in Florida, and forces at various important points in Western Georgia and on the Chattahoochee. My scouts have not yet been able to get upon a substantial trail since Davis left Washington. Please give Colonel Eggleston any information you can get. I inclose herewith the President's proclamation of the reward, &amp;c., and can furnish you any number of copies.* They ought to be scattered among the disbanded rebels. Some of them may be found to undertake the arrest. I have allowed one brigade of each of my divisions to organize parties of twenty five can men each, under good officers, to go on the pursuit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See May 2, p. 566.

---------------

