HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., May 9, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER DETACHMENT,

New Haven:

Lose no time. Push after guerrillas and attack them. If more force is needed report.

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

STANFORD, KY., March 9, 1865.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON:

Guerrillas under Goulder are operating in lower edge of Washington. Shall I take my mounted men and go for them? Please answer immediately.

J. H. BRIDGEWATER,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS,Paris, Tenn., May 9, 1865.

[General S. MEREDITH:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on the 4th instant all officers and soldiers in the Department of Western Kentucky were surrendered by Colonel Chenoweth, commanding department, to Colonel Hottenstein, of the U. S. Army. I herewith inclose you copies of terms and agreement, also Special Orders, Numbers -, from Colonel Chenoweth, requiring all officers and soldiers to report to me at this place. On the 5th instant I caused copies of the surrender to be posted in various places, and in connection with Captain and Lieutenant James, notified a large number of soldiers to report at Paris, as the order required. During the evening (about 9 o'clock) whilst at Mr. McClannahan's, where we had stopped for the night, we were set upon by a band of bushwhackers or thieves, who succeeded in killing and wounding the entire party (including the gentleman of the house) except myself; the persons of the dead men stripped of their clothing; house robbed and all the horses, &amp;c., on the place carried away. These men have been traced to Paducah, where they have gone to take the oath. It is my opinion that the foul murder was committed by Captain Payne and his men, and respectfully ask that you will detain them until the return of Colonel G. G. Simms, who will have men with him who can recognize the horses and saddles. If they have left your city I think it best that they should not know that they are suspicioned. I dislike to trouble you with these small matters, but I have no military power now to suppress these crimes, and must hopefully trust to the magnanimity of those whom we caused to be our foe for redress and security.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. GRACEY,

Captain, Artillery, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] PARIS, TENN., May 4, 1865.

Articles of agreement between Colonel Hottenstein, U. S. Army and Colonel Chenoweth, C. S. Army, in regard to the surrender of all the officers and soldiers in the Department of Western Kentucky.

Colonel Chenoweth on his part agrees to surrender all Confederate officers and soldiers in this department, known as the Department of

