
Western Kentucky, Colonel Hottenstein on his part pledging that they shall be received in all respects on the same conditions the commander of the U. S. Armies received the armies of Lee and Johnston.

Second. A great many soldiers of the C. S. Army being at this time in this department as paroled prisoners and on furlough from proper authorities, it is agreed that ten days shall be given to gather them in camp. They will be received by Colonel Hottenstein at Paris Landing, on the Tennessee River, on Sunday, the 13th instant, and paroled as in the case of the soldiers surrendered under this article of agreement.

J. Q. CHENOWETH,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Department of Western Kentucky.

JOHN A. HOTTENSTEIN,

Colonel, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPECIAL ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN KENTUCKY, Paris, May 4, 1865.

It is hereby announced that all officers and soldiers in this department have been surrendered to the U. S. forces under Colonel Hottenstein. All officers and soldiers not having reported to me at this place will report to Captain Frank P. Gracey, commanding at Como, Tenn. Those not reporting promptly within ten days will not have the benefit of the terms agreed on between myself and Colonel Hottenstein, of the U. S. Army.

By command:

J. Q. CHENOWETH,

Colonel, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 9, 1865.

Major-General WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Send a garrison to Grenada as soon as you learn that Lieutenant-General Taylor is prepared to evacuate. I am having the telegraph line repaired from Decatur to Corinth, and to connect with lines running south. I wish you to have the line from Memphis to Corinth and south to Grenada repaired.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 120. Memphis, Tenn., May 9, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. No more refugees will be sent north at public expense. The country is now quiet, and such as are here are advised to return home and do something for themselves. Rations will no longer be issued, except to the aged and helpless and young children. There is employment for all in the country who are willing to work; it is not too late in the season to make crops; millions of acres are lying waste for lack of labor; those that can work must or starve, black or white. The Government will not encourage thriftlessness or idleness by supporting those that are able to support themselves. Transportation to

