
obtained a supply of coal, April 1, at 6 p. m., and steamed away rapidly to the south. Her destination is believed to be some point on our coast, and every precaution should be taken by you to guard against surprise and to prevent her inflicting serious injury, should she make here appearance anywhere within the limits of your command, and the best means in your power used to capture or destroy her.

Very respectfully,

G. WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 28, 1865.

Acting Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, New Orleans:

SIR: Lieutenant-General Grant telegraphed to the War Department, under date of the 26th instant, from Raleigh, N. C., that Jeff. Davis with his cabinet passed into South Carolina with the intention, no doubt, of getting out of the country either via Cuba or across the Mississippi. All the vigilance and available means at your command should be brought to bear to prevent the escape of those leaders of the rebellion.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865-11.45 p. m.

(Received 11.15 a. m. 15th.)

Major-General CANBY:

Dispatch of April 3 just received. Have ordered six steamer to be sent to Mobile, to which place please send their orders. Four are double-screw, built by United States for coast service. Two side-wheels. Events since your dispatch will diminish consumption of forage at Mobile and Pensacola. Presume that you will be able to supply Mobile from New Orleans much cheaper than I can transport forage from Chicago, via New York, to that place. I have ordered some forage shipped to Pensacola. You should use sail vessels in this coasting business. Moving forage by steam at sea is very expensive.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865.

(Received 11.15 a. m. 15th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Forage for Mobile can be supplied from Eastport. Have ordered 1,000 tons of hay and 100,000 bushels of oats to be shipped there. What amount have you on hand, and how many animals to supply from Mobile and Pensacola?

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

S. L. BROWN,

Colonel and Quartermaster.

