
places in line assigned them. Brigade and other commanders will be held responsible that none of their commands are allowed to go on shore at any landing made, or at Mobile, unless ordered by the general commanding.

By order of Brigadier-General Benton:

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN NORTHERN ALABAMA,Montgomery, May 9, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that, in accordance with orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, he relinquishes command of the U. S. forces in Northern Alabama, with the exception of the divisions of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews and Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins, and the battery of siege artillery commanded by Captain A. G. Mack. The garrison of Selma will soon be withdrawn, and the troops intended to occupy that place should be sent as soon as practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Montgomery, Ala., May 9, 1865.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that on reaching Selma, Ala., that one brigade of your command be placed on duty as garrison and guards of that city, one brigade sent by rail to Demopolis, and one brigade by rail to Meridian, Miss. It is important that the two brigades be sent to Demopolis and Meridian as soon as practicable, which brigades are to garrison those places, and relieve all guards of Lieutenant General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army. The strictest discipline must be enforced amongst your troops, and the people at all times treated with discretion and respect. The military forces will take charge of all Government property, and protect both public and private property against depredations from evil-disposed persons. Foraging of all kinds must be strictly prohibited. If it becomes necessary to take private property for the use of the army, proper receipts will in every case be given. The major-general commanding trusts the minor details with confidence to your discretion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Near Montgomery, Ala., May 9, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow morning (May 10) at daylight in the following order: First, pioneer corps; second, First Brigade; third, Second Iowa Battery; fourth, Second Brigade; fifth, Third Indi-

