
ana Battery; sixth, Third Brigade; seventh, ambulance corps and division hospitals; eighth, division train. The above order of march will be observed from day to day until otherwise directed, except the brigades and artillery alternating each day. The rear brigade will be required to guard the train, and for this purpose will thrown one or more regiments in the rear of the train, as circumstances and necessity may require. Regimental teams will follow their brigades. Regimental and brigade commanders will see that al the existing orders, published from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi and from corps headquarters relative to troops in the field and on the march, are strictly complied with.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

JAMES KILBOURNE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 52. Montgomery, Ala., May 9, 1865.

* * * * *

V. Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry, will cause one regiment of his command to be in readiness to move to Talladega, Ala., leaving Montgomery, Ala., early to-morrow morning. They will be supplies with eight days' rations and such forage as they can take. Full instructions will be given the commanding officer of the regiment leaving.

* * * * *

IX. Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry, will cause one regiment of his command to be proceed to Selma, Ala., leaving here at daylight to morrow morning, taking four days' rations. The commanding officer of the regiment sent will report to Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps at Selma, Ala., and will, upon its being relinquished to him by that officer, assume command of the post at Selma, Ala, take charge of all Government stores left there, and garrison the place until the arrival of Brigadier-General McArthur, when he will turn over the command of the post to such officer as he may designate.

* * * * *

XII. Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson will send one section of artillery (3-inch Rodman) with the forces sent to Talladega, prepared with eight days' rations and their chests full of ammunition. The section should report at the pontoon bridge at 7 a. m. to-morrow morning.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 4. Montgomery, Ala., May 9, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General M. H. Chrysler and the Second New York Veteran Cavalry are hereby detached from the Third Brigade, Cavalry Forces, and will be prepared for movement early to-morrow morning to Talladega, Ala. The regiment will immediately be supplied with eight days' rations and as much forage as can be carried with the means of transportation furnished.

