HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 10, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I respectfully recommend the promotion of Brigadier General W. L. Elliott, U. S. Volunteers, to the rank of major-general of volunteers by brevet, for faithful and valuable services and control of his troops. Having served in various departments and different sections of the country, Brigadier-General Elliott was, October 3, 1863, ordered to duty in the Department of the Cumberland and commanded the troops in the field at Mossy Creek, East Tenn., December 29, 1863, gallantly repulsing the attacks of a superior force of the enemy, finally following them until darkness put and end to the pursuit. Subsequently as chief of the cavalry command of the Army of the Cumberland, General Elliott participated in the campaign against Atlanta and the pursuit of Hood's army down the Coosa River, throughout which the arduous and constant duty performed by this arm of the service in protecting our own communications and raiding upon the communications of the enemy attest the care and attention bestowed upon it by its chief. Much credit is deserved and should be willingly accorded for his intelligent direction of the cavalry operations during that long campaign. By orders from the War Department consolidating the cavalry commands of the armies of the Cumberland, Ohio, and the Tennessee, General Elliott was relieved as chief of cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, by Major-General Sherman, and was, December 2, 1864, assigned to the command of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps. In the then investment of Nashville by the rebel army under General Hood, care both int he construction of and proper distribution of his troops in the defensive works was evinced by General Elliott, and in the ultimate and decisive battles of the 15th and 16th of December his personal gallantry and skillful handling of his command (co-operating heartily with the other troops engaged) did much to inspire his men and give to our arms the fruits of so decisive a victory. Pressing the retreating and demoralized fragments of the rebel army until further pursuit was deemed hopeless of good results, the corps was halted and an opportunity for rest afforded them. In consideration of these services and as a fitting recognition of his military abilities, I would strongly recommend that General Elliott be promoted to be major-general of volunteers by brevet.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 30. Nashville, Tenn., May 10, 1865.

The general commanding the department takes pride in conveying to the Fourth Army Corps the expression of his admiration, excited by their brilliant and martial display at the review of yesterday.

As the battalions of your magnificent corps swept successively before the eye the coldest heart must have warmed with interest in contemplation of those men who had passed through the varied and shifting

