
scenes of this great modern tragedy; who had stemmed with unyielding breasts the rebel tide threatening to engulf the landmarks of freedom, and who, bearing on their bronzed and furrowed brows the ennobling marks of the years of hardship, suffering, and privation, undergone in defense of freedom and the integrity of the Union, could still preserve the light step and wear the cheerful expression of youth.

Though your gay and broidered banners, wrought be dear hands far away, were all shred and war worn, were they not blazoned on every stripe with words of glory-Shiloh, Spring Hill, Stone's River, Chickamauga, Atlanta, Franklin, Nashville, and many other glorious names too numerous to be mentioned in an order like this?

By your prowess and fortitude you have ably done your part in restoring the golden boon of peace and order to your once distracted but now grateful country, and your commander is at length enabled to give you a season of well-earned rest.

But, soldiers, while we exult at our victories let us not be forgetful of those brave, devoted hearts which, pressing in advance, throbbed their last amid the smoke and din of battle, nor withhold our sympathy for the afflicted wife, child, and mother, consigned, far off at home, to lasting, cruel grief.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CROSS' CO., HARVEY'S BATTLN., FORREST'S SCOUTS,Vernon, May 10, 1865.

Colonel J. G. PARKHURST,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: My command having received overtures from you through Mr. Foster Brooks in regard to the surrender of the same on certain conditions, specified by him as being the same as those under which General Lee surrendered to Lieutenant-General Grant, I will take occasion to make the following statement: Mr. Brooks came to me to-day with the propositions referred to above, and I immediately commenced negotiations with him looking to the surrender and parole of my men. After we had agreed upon arrangements, &amp;c., to that effect, I received a notice from Lieutenant-Colonel Stone summoning me to surrender my command to him as the commanding officer of the One hundredth U. S. Colored Infantry. Having already made the arrangements above referred to with Mr. Brooks, I immediately requested him to state to Lieutenant-Colonel Stone that I had complied with the order of Major-General Thomas, or at least so much of it as is expressed in the following quotation, to wit: "If they disregard your summons and continue acts of hostility." You will see as much expressed in accompanying communications both to and from Colonel Stone and myself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. CROSS,

Captain, Commanding, &c.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] MAY 10, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel STONE:

On the 7th of this month I received a communication from Captain Everett, of the Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, stating that he would come

