
to Vernon on thee 10th instant for the purpose of receiving the surrender of my command. He immediately left Vernon, not affording me an opportunity to reply to the same. If he had done so I would have taken occasion to inform him that on the 4th of this month I, under the order from General Thomas of the 3rd instant, addressed a communication to Colonel Parkhurst, provost-marshal-general, requesting permission to avail myself of the parole offered therein for the purpose of surrendering my men. Colonel Parkhurst has sent Mr. Brooks in answer to my communication with authority to make arrangements for the surrender of my men. My men have agreed to the arrangements made by Colonel Parkhurst, through Mr. Brooks, and will meet the aforesaid authorized agent for that purpose on Tuesday, 16th instant, when they will be ready to surrender, as agreed between us. In this manner I have complied with General Thomas' order, or so much of it at least as is expressed in the following quotation from the same, viz: "If they disregard your summons and continue acts of hostility, &amp; c." Thus you will see that I have not disregarded the summons sent me by Colonel Parkhurst through Mr. Brooks, nor am I at this present time engaged in any acts of hostility against the United States Government, and it is my purpose to continue same, unless I am molested by any act of hostility, until I have duly made my surrender of command to Colonel Parkhurst. If I am interfered with, the only course left me is to make resistance, which I will be forced to do. Therefore, colonel, hoping that you will preserve the present status of affairs; that is, a cessation of hostilities until the matter between Colonel Parkhurst and myself is settled, and wishing to hear from you in regard to this matter,

I am, & c.,

A. H. CROSS,

Captain, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

NEAR VERNON, May 10, 1865.

Captain A. H. CROSS,

Commanding Cross' Scouts, Harvey's Battalion, Forrest's Scouts:

CAPTAIN: I have just received yours of this date. As I had received orders on the 3rd instant to send a summons of surrender to any armed bands of men near my command, I took it for granted that it included your forces. I am not particular as to the officer to whom the surrender is made and am desirous of having a final cessation of hostilities as speedily as possible. I was not aware that Mr. Brooks had any authority in the case until the receipt of your note, nor have I yet seen any. But as I am willing and ever glad to avail myself of any means which promise to give peace to the citizens of this region and help in the restoration of civil law, I do not care to avail myself of that technical point. In order, therefore, to bring the matter to a definite conclusion and understanding, I have communicated with General Thomas and expect his answer to-morrow. Meantime, in accordance with your suggestion, I shall enter into no acts of hostility, unless compelled to do so by your command, of which, of course, I shall give you due notice. As Mr. Brooks states that you do not consider that you have received any communication from me, I wish it understood that my letter of 3rd, addressed to Major Mcnairy, is equally intended for you. It was addressed to him because he claims the rank of major, and I supposed him the chief in command in this region. I will also add that there is

