
a verbal error, caused in transmission of the order by telegraph, which does not exist in the printed order as shown in the paper in possession of Mr. Brooks. The printed order is correct.

I am, &amp; c.,

HENRY STONE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

P.. S. - I deem it proper to state that Captain Everett is here, and under an understanding that he was to meet you to-day for the final settlement of the matter.

MACON, GA., May 10, 1865 - 7 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Lieutenant William Bayard, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, with a guard from his regiment, leaves here on the 8 o'clock train with Joseph E. Brown as a prisoner. The arrest was made last night at Milledgeville. Lieutenant Bayard will reach Atlanta to-night and Dalton the night of the 12th. I am making every possible effort to arrest Jeff. Davis. My troops are vigilant and well posted. He can only escape as a fugitive. A part of his money has already been distributed to citizens and soldiers in the neighborhood of Athens and Washington. I have directed it to be gathered up, but can form no definite idea as to the sum disposed of. I had forbidden Brown Legislature to meet before telegraphing to you, and will see that the orders of the Government are executed.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, GA., May 10, 1865 - 3 p. m.

(Received 1 p. m. 12th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

(Through General Schofield.)

Captain Abraham, of General Upton's division, yesterday received the surrender of two brigades of rebel cavalry 2,000 strong, at Washington, Ga., including Generals Vaughn, Dibrell, Elzey, Williams, Lewis, Gilmer, and Lawton. General Croxton is now engaged in paroling Ferguson's brigade at Forsyth. The balance of the rebel cavalry which started as Davis' escort has either been paroled or gone home. General Vaughn told Upton that he had received positive orders to escort Davis to the Mississippi, but on his arrival at Washington determined to go no farther. The money that Davis had with him - doubtless overestimated - has been paid to his troops and scattered through the country about Washington. Lieutenant Yeoman, a very energetic and capable officer, reports that Davis, on night of the 7th, tried to cross the Chattahoochee at Warsaw, but lost his trail. Yeoman himself crossed the river at Vining's late same night; since then he has not heard from him. General Winslow seems to think Lieutenant Yeoman's report probable, though he favors the view that the fugitives may have turned south. Alexander's brigade is in the neighborhood of Marietta and will strike the trail if there is one. My troops and Palmer's are all over North Georgia, at Covington, Athens, Madison,

