
Warsaw, Lawrenceville, and other places, with scouts on every road. The country southward, eastward, and westward is also thoroughly patrolled.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 10, 1865 - 3 p. m.

General WILSON:

There is forage at Savannah and at Hilton Head tot be had for your immediate wants. Send to Savannah all river steamers and flats suitable for the transportation which you may capture at Augusta. make requisition upon General Gillmore, commanding the department. Further supplies afloat on the coast are ordered to Savannah.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

RALEIGH, [May] 10, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

General Sherman says you will have to get forage in Georgia for the present, but he will telegraph to General Grant and see what can be done.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,,

Major-General.

AUGUSTA, May 10, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

General Palmer has sent to me a large amount of specie, said to be $ 188,000; also Confederate money and baggage, which he says is with the request to put under guard, subject to your action or that of the United States Government. It is claimed as private property. Will you relieve me of it or shall I account to General Grover?

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 74. Macon, Ga., May 10, 1865.

I. In pursuance of instructions from the Secretary of War, Second Lieutenant William Bayard, with a guard of one non-commissioned officer and four men of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry, will proceed to Washington, D. C., in charge of Joseph E. Brown, assumed Governor of Georgia, and on his arrival at that place he will deliver his prisoner to Major-General Augur, U. S. Army. Lieutenant Bayard is charged with the safety of his prisoner, and while en route will take all necessary measures to prevent his escape, and will not permit him to hold communication, verbal or written, with any person except the members of his guard. Having performed this duty Lieutenant Bayard will rejoin his regiment at these headquarters with his party without delay. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

