
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS HILL'S BRIGADE,Blue Mountain, Ala., May 6, 1865.

OFFICER COMMANDING POST, Dalton, Ga.:

I see from General Sherman's Special Orders, Numbers 65, dated Raleigh, N. C., April 27, and General Joseph E. Johnston's General Orders, Numbers 18, dated near Greensborough, N. C., that they, in a military convention, have entered into agreement and armistice, so far as their departments and commands are concerned, which resulted in General Johnston's surrendering all of his arms, munitions of war of all kinds, and all public property belonging to his army east of the Chattahoochee River. He is also to march his troops under their respective commanders, in an organized condition, to the capitals of the States to which they belong, and there to be disbanded and discharged, and sent to their homes with their private and personal property, there to remain quiet and not to take up arms against the United States until they are honorably relieved of this obligation, or are exchanged.

The Federal Government, by this order of General Sherman, agrees to protect them in carrying out this order and obligation.

I received authority from the Secretary of War of the Confederate States, approved by the House of Representatives and Senate, to raise a new brigade in North Alabama and North Georgia of mounted men. I have made my headquarters at Blue Mountain and Jacksonville, Ala., for the past three months, and have succeeded in organizing two small regiments, about one-half of whom were killed, captured, or deserted during the two late raids of Generals Wilson and Croxton through Alabama. I have two other regiments about half raised, but neither organized or armed. I belong to the Army of Tennessee, under General Johnston, and was ordered as soon as I completed my brigade to report to him for duty. A portion of my command has crossed from the east to the west side of the Chattahoochee since General Johnston surrendered to General Sherman, in order to be with a regular command and to get supplies. Now, if I find that I can do no more good by fighting longer, I wish to be informed if I can march my command to Dalton and turn over my arms and what munitions I have in my possession, and can be allowed to retain all my personal property, as also the side-arms of the officers of my command? And can I have the full benefit of Generals Johnston and Sherman's convention? I have not fired a gun, but have kept the armistice of General Taylor's department. I am an old soldier, and have been fighting in this revolution for four years, and have always considered myself as a gentleman and soldier, and I wish to do nothing but what is strictly honorable. I have no artillery, no wagons, nor ambulances, and my command are rather poorly armed. I address you because yours is the nearest military Federal post to me. I see from General Sherman's order that all commandants of posts are authorized to receive Confederate arms and public property, and tot carry out the Generals Sherman and Johnston order to the fullest extent. I send this communication to you as a regular Confederate commissioned officer by two of my staff and four privates. Major Watkins, my inspector-general, and Captain Craighead, my brigade ordnance officer, will confer with you fully and freely.

Hoping to hear from you officially soon, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. HILL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S. - I see that General Johnston has authorized major-generals, brigadier-generals, and colonels under his agreement with General

