
force be kept within this district to demonstrate on the extreme right of General Steele's column and to collect horses and beef from the interior before taken out by the rebels, and I would therefore request that the entire regiment of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry be ordered here, as provided in above special field order.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

Please refer to General Grierson. I think it must be a mistake sending the company of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry to Barrancas. What was done with the last regiment of Lucas' cavalry, named in Special Field Orders, Numbers 12, extract 5?

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., April 2, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The company of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry went to Barrancas by mistake and should be immediately sent to join the regiment. With regard to the last regiment of General Lucas' command, named in Special Field Orders, Numbers 12, extract 5, I respectfully report that no copy of said extract has been received at these headquarters, and General Lucas' command moved under orders direct from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi and received no special instructions from me.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 48. Washington, March 24, 1865.

Jeffersonville and New Albany, in the State of Indiana, are annexed to the Department of Kentucky.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRISTOWN, March 24, 1865 - 7 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

Word has come in this afternoon and to-night that a rebel force of 300, from direction of French Broad River, will make an attack here to-night. I have about 40,000 rations here. There is a large lot of forage and considerable ammunition and some cars. I think there ought to be some force here. There are only fifteen soldiers here.

R. KING,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

