
Sherman to parole their men. Can I have the same privilege to parole mine here, which would make it more convenient for them to go to their homes, and I will vouch for their constancy?

B. J. HILL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Calhoun, Ga., May 9, 1865.

Brigadier General B. J. HILL,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Blue Mountain, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your communication of 6th instant is received. In view of the exhaustion of your supplies and the destitution of the country between your position and Kingston, Ga., I regret that I cannot comply with your proposition to receive your surrender and that of your forces through Major Watkins, and permit you to parole your men (as I believe improperly done by Brigadier General B. D. Fry, C. S. Army, at Augusta, Ga.). I have shown to Major Watkins an original dispatch from General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, announcing the disapproval of, and repudiation by the United States Government of the articles of the first convention, agreed upon between Generals Sherman and Johnston and forward you a copy of the only terms upon which I am authorized to receive the surrender of organized Confederate forces, and which are identical with those under which the army under General Lee, C. S. Army, surrendered to that under Lieutenant-General Grant, U. S. Army. I propose to receive your surrender, and that of the forces under your command, upon the above terms, at Villanow, Ga., on the 20th instant, and unless timely notified to the contrary will be prepared to meet you at that time and place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. [FOURTH] SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Gallatin, Tenn., May 10, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Middle Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on yesterday, in accordance with a previously made arrangement, my provost-marshal went out six miles with a flag of truce and met "Captains" Harper, Hancock, and Emmerson, the chief guerrillas in this section; received the surrender of themselves and their men, and paroled them. They numbered twenty-five in all.

JAMES GILFILLAN,

Colonel Eleventh Minnesota Infantry, Commanding,

By H. D. BROWN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(The colonel being temporarily absent.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., May 10, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Yours of 8th received. Your decision that arms of rebel commanders surrendered to Colonel Bartlett should not be retained by them is approved. Your disposition of the troops also approved.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

