
order that, should that event occur, a full and perfect understanding can be had. I am here under orders from Lieutenant-General Forrest for the purpose of collecting the men absent from their commands, and to take measure to break up all bands of robbers and guerrillas, and being the officer highest in rank in the country where my fields of labor are I am in command of the same to a limited extent. As to the surrender of the forces in West Tennessee, I am controlled and bound by the orders and acts of Lieutenant-General Taylor, commanding department. His surrender, as a matter of course, includes myself and the District of West Tennessee, and myself and command are bound by that act. I am frank to say that whenever the department commander makes a surrender I shall surrender the forces in West Tennessee under my command. My mission here is more for the protection of the citizens and to break up the bands of lawless men and robbers who infest the country.

Knowing the condition of the people here, and that they need all the protection in my power in order to enable them to live and save what little had been left them, I have directed all my energies and time to clearing the country of lawless and bad men. In behalf of the citizens I ask that none of the men belonging to the command of Colonels Hawkins and Hurst be sent here. The feeling that exists between soldiers of these commands and the citizens is such that private malice and private revenge might be more the result of such a policy than the restoration of order. For the purpose of a full and perfect understanding on these matters, I am ready to meet and confer with you at such time and place as you will designate, and respectfully ask for such a conference.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. F. NEWSOM,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 47. New Orleans, La., May 10, 1865.

The cotton belonging to the Confederate Government in East Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and West Florida having been surrendered to the Government of the United States, its sale to private individuals, or its transfer to any persons except the officers or agent of that Government, is prohibited. This order applies to all cotton procured by subscriptions to the cotton loan, by the sale of Confederate bonds or notes, by the tax in kind, or by any other process by which the title was vested in the Confederate Government, whether in the possession of the agents of that Government or still in the hands of the producer; and all persons in whose charge it may be will be held accountable for its delivery to the agents of the United States. Commanders of districts will be furnished with a transcript from the records of the cotton agents, showing the quantity and location of the cotton within the limits of their commands, and will give the agents of the Treasury Department appointed to receive it such facilities as may be necessary to enable them to secure it. Any sales of this property in violation of this order will be treated as the embezzlement of public property.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

