
The cotton agents in East Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and West Florida will be regarded as in the service of the United States until relieved by agents of the U. S. Treasury Department.

Planters and other persons who may be in charge of Government cotton will be compensated for their trouble in taking care of it and for delivering it at points that may be designated by the agents of the Treasury Department. The compensation will be determined by the number of pounds delivered.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 38. Mobile, Ala., May 10, 1865.

Upon the representation that much suffering will be occasioned by a rigid enforcement of General Field Orders, Numbers 30, in relation to the property captured in this city, the order is so modified as to authorize the appointment of a commission to examine the claims of persons owning small quantities acquired in legitimate trade before the occupation of this city by the U. S. forces. The commission will consist of one citizen, to be designated by the mayor of this city, and one officer of the quartermaster's department, to be designated by the chief quartermaster of the division, and in case of disagreement an umpire, to be chosen by the two. This exception is intended only as a measure of relief to persons who are dependent upon the sale of this property for immediate support. The recommendation of the commission will not exceed for any one individual five bales of cotton, or a proportional quantity of naval stores or tobacco. If the recommendation is approved the property exempted may be shipped to New Orleans, for sale to the purchasing agent of the Treasury Department at that place, the shipment to be made in conformity with General Field Orders, Numbers 30.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., May 10, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES C. VEATCH,

Commanding First Division and Post and District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that you will please send by boat without delay one company of infantry to Mount Vernon Arsenal to protect the property there and relieve the Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers now stationed there. This regiment will return by the boat which takes the company up, and will be reported on its arrival by its commanding officer to the division commander. Twenty days' rations will be taken by the company.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

