
MERIDIAN, May 10, 1865.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

When will the troops arrive here? Please inform General Smith that they are greatly needed here now. Please notify me as soon as the troops reach Selma. Can you not furnish some troops for guards until Smith's troops can relieve you? Please reply.

G. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Selma, Ala., May 10, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps for the information of the commanding general. I have informed General Andrews that troops from Montgomery are expected here to-morrow.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. Montgomery, Ala., May 10, 1865.

* * * * * * *

IV. Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry, will move by the shortest practicable route with his command to Columbus, Miss., and from there send one brigade to Macon, Miss., as garrison and guards. The command will leave here at an early hour to-morrow, taking ten days' rations. On arriving at Columbus he will report by telegraph and courier tot Major General E. R. S. Canby for orders and instructions.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Montgomery, Ala., May 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that in the movements of your command to Columbus, Miss., and on its arrival there, the strictest discipline must be observed and foraging prohibited, except when positively necessary, and in case private property is taken by your command that proper receipts be given on the spot. On arriving at Columbus and Macon you will direct that all Government stores be taken possession of, and both public and private property protected. It is believed to be the intention of General Canby to open communication with the North from Mobile, via the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and telegraph. If so, you will render such assistance as is in your power to the furtherance of this object. There is reason to believe that Jeff. Davis is attempting to cross Alabama to the Trans-Mississippi Department, with from $ 6,000,000 to $ 13,000,000 of specie. If, during your march, or after arriving, you should learn of his being

