
within striking distance, give every energy to his capture, and notify adjacent military commanders of his locality. You will report your arrival at Columbus by telegraph, if possible, to General Canby, at Mobile, and General R. Taylor, at Meridian. The minor details are left with confidence to your discretion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 5. Montgomery, Ala., May 10, 1865.

I. The Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry and Tenth Indiana Cavalry are hereby transferred from the Second Brigade to the Third, and the commanding officers of these two regiments will report for orders to Brigadier General T. J. Lucas, commanding the Third Brigade.

II. In pursuance of Special Field Orders, Numbers 53, from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, the troops of this command will move at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, May 11, crossing the pontoon bridge at this point and marching northwest on the Kingston road, halting for further instructions at or near that point. Brigadier General T. J. Lucas' brigade will take the advance; at least ten days' rations and one day's forage will be taken. The most rigid discipline will be enforced and no property of any description taken without instructions from these headquarters.

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 48. Mobile, Ala., May 10, 1865.

1. The detachment Third Maryland Cavalry on duty at these headquarters is hereby relieved, and will be reported by its commanding officer, First Lieutenant Otto Johnson, in New Orleans, without delay to the regimental commander. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation without delay.

2. Company F, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, is hereby detailed for duty at these headquarters. The camp of the company will not be changed for the present.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 114. Barrancas, May 10, 1865.

* * * * * * *

3. Official information having been received relative to the approach of the rebel ram Stonewall to assist in the escape of Jeff. Davis and his cabinet, the commanding officers of Forts Pickens and Barrancas are directed to use all precautions to prevent the entrance of the ram into

