
with the force of Admiral Dahlgren from the Atlantic side. Both navy and army have been uniting in this duty, and we deserve success at least. Arriving at Key West I find that General Sherman sent an officer to arrange the surrender of the forces under Major General Sam. Jones, C. S. Army, to General Vogdes, at Jacksonville. Properly speaking, I was entitled to the surrender of Saint Mark's and Tallahassee, but notwithstanding, I think I have been attending to the more important and arduous duties of picketing the coast.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 11, 1865.

(Received 10.10 a. m. 12th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Wilson telegraphs me that he had organized, armed, and equipped three regiments of negroes from the refugees in Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia, and asks instructions as to whether his action will be sanctioned. He reports that they were all subjected to a rigid medical examination before accepted by him, and none admitted into the organization but those physically qualified to perform all the duties of a soldier. Would recommend that they be retained and mustered in as regiments, as they will be three-years' men.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., May 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies:

I forward the following telegram just received from Major-General Stoneman for your information:

KNOXVILLE, May 11, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Dispatch from General Palmer, Athens, Ga., dated May 6, 1865. The substance of the dispatch is that General Palmer, with the cavalry division, succeeded in crossing the Savannah River at Hatton's Ford, north of pontoon bridge at Petersburg, mouth of Broad River, Ga., where Davis, Breckinridge, most of the cabinet, Governor Harris, and a large number of gents crossed the same river. The party with Davis finding that Palmer had got in advance of them, cutting them off from the Mississippi, broke up into small detachments, and are scattered over the country. It is supposed the specie or portion of it was distributed among the officers and men or secreted. Breckinridge, with about 500 men, had gone toward Macon, it is said, to surrender at that point. Dibrell, with a large portion of the cavalry, is still back on the Savannah River waiting to surrender. Davis, when last heard from, had left Washington by railroad with a small party for Atlanta, but finding Palmer had cut the road at Union Point he went southwest on horseback. He has a small party of about thirty-five men with him, and is traveling incognito. The men he started south with are scattered over the country, and a large number of them have been captured and informally paroled. Prisoners state that the treasure, before it crossed the Savannah River, was contained in 100 boxes filled with gold and 60 kegs filled with silver. Palmer has communicated with Wilson's cavalry, giving him all the information he has, and hopes to prevent Davis from getting west of the Mississippi, as his forces are well distributed, guarding all fords and main roads.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

