
MACON, GA., May 11, 1865 - 1 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m. 13th.)

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Your telegram of 3 p. m. yesterday is received. With the light-draft boats now on the Savannah and one or two which can be got from the Altamaha, there ought to be no difficulty in bringing everything we may need to Augusta. If we had money to pay for it, corn for twenty or thirty days longer could be bought in Southwestern Georgia, but our stock is suffering greatly for long forage. The grass of this region kills the horses very rapidly. Steedman telegraphed me few days ago that he was repairing Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, whereupon I immediately began work from this end. Rebels had already framed bridge for the Chattahoochee, and have enough extra spans for the Etowah. I have 3,000 negro troops whom I can put to work. Shall I continue operations? Nothing that could be done would benefit Georgia and the people more than the repair of that road. They need all kinds of supplies, and have no other way to get them.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., May 11, 1865 - 12 m.

(Received 1 p. m. 12th.)

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

General Wilson telegraphs that Jeff. Davis was so hard pressed that nearly all his escort had surrendered. Jeff. Davis scattered his gold and silver among his men and the people and fled with a small guard. General Wilson has troops all over the country in pursuit of Davis, and is collecting the scattered money.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MACON, GA., May 11, 1865 - 2.30 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD:

Have just received dispatch from Gillmore expressing anxiety about the rebel cavalry. It has all surrendered to my command, about 4,000 or 5,000 in number.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 11, 1865 - 3 p. m.

Brevet Brigadier-General MOLINEUX,

Augusta, Ga.:

How many steamers are there on the Savannah that can go up to Augusta with cargoes? The Quartermaster-General telegraphs me forage will be sent from Savannah. He wishes all barges and floats that will tow to be sent down the river.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

