
PULASKI, May 11, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

How long, probably, should the party sent to Florence remain there?

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 11, 1865.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

Instruct the party going to Florence to remain a reasonable length of time for the people to organize their courts. If they do not move in the matter after a few days the force can return.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp; c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 6TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 94. Pulaski, Tenn., May 11, 1865.

I. Lieutenant-Colonel Buck, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, will proceed with a detachment of his brigade, to be furnished him, about 125 strong, to Florence, Tenn., and there take post to remain for fifteen days, unless otherwise ordered, for the purpose of hunting down the outlaws who infest that neighborhood, restoring order, and assisting the inhabitants in re-establishing the authority of civil government. He will be furnished with six wagons, with which he will transport the necessary rations for his command for the period he is expected to stay, three or four days' forage if practicable, and the camp and garrison equipage which is absolutely necessary. Forage will be procured in that country by impressment, receipts being given in all cases to loyal owners. Special effort will be put forth by all officers of the detachment to prevent indiscriminate foraging of the men, which is certain to result in pillage. The necessary preparations for the expedition will be made to-morrow, and the march will be taken up at an early hour on the day following. Lieutenant-Colonel Buck before starting will report in person or send an officer to these headquarters to receive dispatches which he will see forwarded to the headquarters of the Cavalry Corps at Eastport, Miss.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General R. W. Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

KINGSTON, May 11, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I am in personal communication with General Wofford, and commence paroling his command in the morning. Twenty-two hundred are already in, and the number will be considerably increased within the ensuing two days, as General Wofford thinks from 3,000 to 4,000. General Wofford has just informed me that through the occupation of

