
Atlanta his subsistence is lost, and that he has not a ration to issue to his men. For to-morrow I am necessarily compelled to issue half rations until the men are paroled and leave, which they will do immediately. I hope to get rid of most of the enlisted men to-morrow, having sent down rolls, &amp; c., two days ago. Large numbers of Wofford's men desire to work upon the railroad. What prospects of any employment can I give them?

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 11, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Calhoun, Ga.:

You are authorized to issue rations to General Wofford's command during the time you are necessarily engaged in receiving the surrender and paroling the troops. Say to General Wofford that I will station a force in North Georgia to assist the people in organizing their civil authority, and have sent him, by Colonel Woodall, department General Orders, Nos. 17, 21, and 27, for his information, and to be distributed for the information of the people. You can give Brigadier General B. J. Hill the same terms granted to General Wofford.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Numbers 50. Chattanooga, Tenn., May 11, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. Brevet Brigadier-General Salm, commanding Second Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, is hereby ordered to relieve the garrisons of the block-houses and stations on the Dalton and Chattanooga Railroad from and including block-house Numbers 4. to Dalton, now garrisoned by troops of Third Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, Colonel Le Favour. The necessary transportation will be furnished by rail. A schedule of the location of each block-house and station and the numerical strength required at each will be furnished with this order.

IV. Colonel H. Le Favour, commanding Third Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, upon the relieving of the garrisons and stations on Chattanooga and Dalton Railroad from and including block-house Numbers 4. to Dalton, by troops from the Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Salm commanding, will order the troops relieved to Cleveland, Tenn. The same railway transportation which brings the relieving troops will be used to carry the troops to their new position.

By command of Brevet Major-General Cruft:

JNO. A. WRIGHT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST SUB-DIST. OF MIDDLE TENN., Numbers 27. Tullahoma, Tenn., May 11, 1865.

I. The following regiments are hereby temporarily assigned to the Second Brigade, First Sub-District of Middle Tennessee, and will

