
Monday, by the way of Jacksonville and Pickensville, toward Tuscaloosa and Montevallo. General Forrest was heard to say he had 4,000 cavalry, including Jackson's division, at West Point. The rebels evidently expect a move through Elyton. They are moving everything from Tuscaloosa. We have found plenty of forage so far. Roddey has gone to Tuscaloosa. His men are deserting in large numbers. I send in with this thirty-two prisoners.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., FIELD ORDERS, Two Miles South of Russellville, Numbers 10. March 24, 1865 - 6 p. m.

The corps will continue its march to-morrow in the following order:

I. The First Division, Brigadier-General McCook, at 5.30 a. m., by the Tuscaloosa road, followed by its train; to march as far as the Buttahatchee. The next day it will march by the most direct route to Eldridge and thence toward Jasper.

II. The Second Division, at 6.30 a. m., by the Tuscaloosa road to Bear Creek and thence toward Thorn Hill. From the latter place toward Eldridge, as far as the little town indicated on the map near the head of Mulberry Fork of the Black Warrior, taking the most direct route from there to Jasper.

III. The Fourth Division will continue its march by Kinlock.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. H. Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Thomas East's House, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your note in regard to the guides is just received. You may allow the one you have to return to his home, and if you wish send a party after S. Krimer. The report of the probability of Forrest meeting us at Fayetteville is not to be relied upon. A very intelligent young man just from Columbus reports that Forrest was in person at that place on Sunday, and that Chalmers' division, reported from 1,800 to 2,500 strong, left that place on Sunday evening and Monday morning for Pickensville, where they were as late as Tuesday morning. From there they were to go to Tuscaloosa, crossing the Sipsey River near a small place called Bridgeville. From Tuscaloosa they were to go to Montevallo to intercept a raid expected from Tuscumbia through Elyton.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 25. Louisville, Ky., March 24, 1865.

* * * * * * *

2. By the direction of the Secretary of War, Brigadier General S. S. Fry is relieved from duty at Camp Nelson and will turn over the command to

