HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, May 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that having been informed on thee 5th instant that several hundred citizens of West Florida would assemble at Milton with the intention of returning to their allegiance, and that some lawless parties had threatened to break up such meeting, I ordered Colonel Woodman and the district provost-marshal to proceed with 200 men to that place, to prevent any disturbance and take the statements prescribed in General Field Orders, Numbers 2, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, of those desiring to take the oath of amnesty. Upon a subsequent report from Milton of the district provost-marshal that about 600 persons had convened at that place from a distance of 50 to 100 miles, entirely destitute of provisions, I directed the issue of five days' rations to these people to satisfy their immediate wants. Beside these people a great number of families are daily returning to Milton and Pensacola, with a view to regain their former occupations. I issued Circular Numbers 6, declaring the towns of Pensacola and Milton military posts, each place to be guarded at present by sixty men and provided with a provost-marshal, requesting at the same time Dr. E. T. Price, assistant supervising Treasury agent here, to take possession of all rebel property thus brought under the control of the U. S. military and Treasury authorities and subject to seizure and confiscation according to the act of Congress approved March 12, 1864, and according to standing military and Treasury regulations. I have the honor to inclose the proceedings of the meeting at Milton above alluded to, also copies of my respective orders, requesting the approval of the commanding general and his instructions for my guidance relative to the new state of affairs and especially in regard to the treatment of parties who have always been hostile to our Government and who have not yet come forward to take the oath.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,On the road, Concord Church, 25 Miles from Richmond, Va.,

May 12, 1865 - 4 p. m. (Received 8.50 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Washington:

The following dispatch from General Wilson is just received and sent for your information.*

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, May 12, 1865 - 12 m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Washington, D. C.:

I forward the following telegram, just received from Major-General Stoneman, for your information.+

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See Wilson to Sherman, May 10, 3 p. m., p. 702.

+ See Stoneman to Whipple, 11th, p. 717.

---------------

