
COLUMBUS, May 12, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Order me to distribute some of the corn and commissary stores to the poor. If I do not I am fearful my guard will be forced and all stores seized by the mob. I can quiet them by giving them a small quantity until your officers arrive here to take charge. Shall I furnish some provisions to the orphan asylum? They are entirely without.

J. C. COLE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 12, 1865.

Colonel J. C. COLE,

Columbus, Ga.:

Issue a small quantity to the poor. Issue to orphan asylum.

By order, &amp; c.:

[H. E. NOYES,]

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., May 12, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY REGIMENT,

Albany, Ga.:

I have been notified by Major Beaumont, assistant adjutant-general, Cavalry Corps, that a regiment had arrived at Albany, Ga., and would await further orders from these headquarters. You will, therefore, upon receipt of this, march your regiment to Thomasville, Ga., and upon arrival at that place report in writing to these headquarters. Before leaving Albany notify the authorities at that place to reserve a sufficient quantity of flour to issue to this command when called for, as it is very scarce in this country. Take rations enough from Albany to last you through, and whenever it becomes necessary to take forage give the

Pagee735 CORRESPONDENCE, ETC. - UNION.

citizens proper vouchers. Your attention is called to Special Field Orders. Numbers 12, paragraph 2, from these headquarters, which is herewith inclosed. It must be strictly complied with.

Very respectfully,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 12, 1865.

Colonel R. H. G. MINTY,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I would like to have you arrange for the arrival of Davis and his party at the railroad depot, so as to take a special train to-morrow night before dark, if practicable. If not, then before 8 p. m. I wish to avoid the excitement of a large crowd here. Direct Colonel Pritchard, with 150 men of his regiment, to go as an escort. Colonel Pritchard I intend to go all the way, the men only to Atlanta. Perhaps you had better see me to-morrow so that I can give you verbal instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

DECATUR, May 12, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The telegram following has just been received:

HUNTSVILLE, May 12, 1865.

General GRANGER:

Major Johnston did keep his appointment and surrendered 100 men, officers, and arms; all are paroled. He will bring in more on Monday.

W. GIVEN,

Colonel One hundred and second Ohio.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, [May] 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Negotiations for the surrender of the Confederate forces in this section are progressing as favorably as could be desired, and I think by the last of next week all the forces in the valley will have capitulated. Major Gilbert surrendered one company at this place yesterday. There seems to be a strong desire on the part of the privates to rush in and give themselves up, but I would prefer they would come in regularly with their officers, who are making every effort to collect them for this purpose. The citizens also evidence a strong desire to return to their allegiance to the United States. A large meeting for the purpose of organization will be held at Somerville to-morrow, and probably one at Guntersville. The people of the south side of river appear much more sincere in their loyalty than on the north, particularly about Huntsville.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

