
Says he is not going to report at the Plains, but going on to Middle Tennessee, and if not treated right, going to bushwhacking. They are all well mounted and still stealing horses.

J. S. PREBLE,

Captain, First Ohio Heavy Artillery.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 54. Memphis, Tenn., May 12, 1865.

On and after to-day no passes will be required to come to or depart from Memphis, either by land or water. Persons will be allowed to pass through the lines between the firing of the evening and morning gun.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., May 12, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the quantity of cotton to be turned over to the United States by the cotton agents in East Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and West Florida will probably reach 200,000 bales. The greater part of this, however, is still in the hands of the planters, and they have already manifested a disposition to appropriate it on the ground that the rebel bonds and notes have no value. In this attempt they will be aided by the cotton speculators. The records of the cotton agents appear to be very complete, and show the location and quantity in their possession and still in the hands of the planters. The tax-in-kind cotton is all in the hands of the planters and the greater part of it unpinned. These records will be turned over to the Treasury agents as soon as they are appointed, and will give them every possible facility in collecting the cotton. The assistant Treasury agent for the State of Alabama reported to me at Mobile yesterday and turned over his records and funds, the greater part of the latter in Confederate bonds and notes, with about $ 600 in coin and $ 7,000 in sterling exchange. I think that the civil officers are disposed to act in good faith and turn over all funds and property in their hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Eastport, Miss., May 12, 1865. (Received 12 m. 13th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding:

Your dispatches of the 7th and 8th, viz, two to the Honorable Secretary of War, Washington, D. C., three to Major General George H. Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, and two to Major T. T. Eckert,

