
Washington,, D. C., have just been received and will be forwarded without delay. I am constructing a telegraph line from this place to Iuka, and also repairing the line from Iuka to Corinth. I shall be able to communicate by telegraph to Corinth on the 14th instant. The telegraph line is being repaired from this place to Nashville, Tenn., via Iuka, Tuscumbia, and Decatur, Ala. I expect communication by this route will be open as early as the 15th instant.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brevet Major-General.

EVERGREEN, May 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The railroad is completed to Tensas Station, and steam-boats are on the line from there to Mobile. Engines and cars are now being brought on the road from Mobile. I am on the way with a train to Montgomery. Another train will start from Tensas Station during the day for Montgomery.

H. L. WHEELER,

Captain and Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,Kingston,, Ala., May 12, 1865.

Major S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Forces:

The party with orders for the march has arrived at these headquarters. From the most reliable information I can obtain, I believe the route by the way of Plantersville is the best I can take to secure a supply of forage. I will therefore march to Centerville by that way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., May 12, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The terms of surrender disqualifies any one in the rebel service west of the Chattahoochee River from service against the United States until duly exchanged. General Taylor is to collect his troops at the most convenient point for paroling them, and the work of paroling to be completed by commissioners. The point of rendezvous in East Louisiana has not yet been designated, but, if there is any danger that they will disband themselves before being paroled, the commanding officer at Clinton to act as commissioner on my part [is] to act at once. General Taylor will be telegraphed to that effect.

Very respectfully,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

