SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 227. Washington, May 13, 1865.

* * * * * * *

78. Leave of absence for twenty days is hereby granted Bvt. Brigadier General James F. Wade, U. S. Volunteers (Colonel Sixth U. S. Colored Troops), at the expiration of which period he will report to Major-General Palmer, commanding Department of Kentucky, to command his brigade of colored troops.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Nashville, Tenn., May 13, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

I have the honor to address Your Excellency in behalf of Bvt. Brigadier General E. Opdycke, colonel One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers. This officer desires to remain in service, and I have the honor to recommend him for the highest commission in the gift of the Government up to his present rank of brigadier-general. A short summary of this officer's service will best show his merits as a soldier. At the battle of Shiloh he carried the flag of his regiment, the Forty-first Ohio, in a charge; was twice wounded, but did not leave the field. At the battle of Chickamauga he led his regiment, the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, in an important charge, which broke the enemy's lines. His regiment maintained its ground during the two days' fighting, losing one-third of their numbers killed and wounded. Commanded five regiments at the storming of Missionary Ridge, November 25, 1863; captured six guns near Bragg's headquarters, pursued the enemy and captured another gun and 300 prisoners by moonlight.

May 8, severely and successfully engaged with the enemy on Rocky Face Mountain.

May 14, severely wounded in battle of Resaca; remained with his command, and has commanded his brigade since August, 1864.

In the battle of Franklin, November 30, 1864, Colonel Opdycke led his brigade in a charge which retook our line of works and restored our center after being badly broken, capturing 400 prisoners and 10 battle-flags. The day after this battle I wrote a note to Major General George H. Thomas, commanding the department, stating that this gallant charge of Colonel Opdycke's brigade, which occurred immediately under my eye, saved our army from most destructive defeat.

At the battle of Nashville Colonel Opdycke's brigade stormed the enemy's works, capturing 1 battle-flag, 1 cannon, and 300 prisoners. General Opdycke is in the prime of life, of good education, and unexceptionable in morals. He is well educated in military tactics and regulations, and is perfectly competent to fill any position up to his present rank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

