
reply, permit me to say that without assuming to decide any question of legality in the courts of Georgia, it is my desire that they should proceed to the enforcement of the law and the punishment of crime according to the penal code of the State as it existed on the 1st of January, 1861, except in all cases involving the negro; he must be considered a free man. No obstructions will be thrown in the way of your holding your sessions or in the enforcement of your sentences. It is hoped that all good citizens will lend their assistance and counsel to the restoration of peace, order, and the enjoyment of life, liberty, and property under the laws.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 77. Macon, Ga., May 13, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel B. D. Pritchard, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, with a guard of three officers and twenty men, will proceed without delay, via Atlanta, Augusta, and Savannah, to Washington City, in charge of Jefferson Davis and such other prisoners as may be intrusted to his care. On his arrival at Washington Colonel Pritchard will report to the Secretary of War for further orders. While en route he will take every precaution to prevent the escape of his prisoners, and will see that they are not permitted to communicate, verbally or in writing, with any one except a member of the guard. One officer should be on duty at all times with the guard. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. Brevet Major-General Upton will direct the provost-marshal of his division to turn over to Colonel Pritchard $ 500, for the purpose of defraying incidental expenses.

III. Brevet Major General E. Upton, commanding Fourth Division, will take the necessary measures to insure the safety of the prisoners under charge of Colonel B. D. Pritchard, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, while en route from Atlanta to Savannah.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Tallahassee, Fla., May 13, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I found but few stores at Thomasville. The morning previous to my arrival an organized and partially armed band of about 300 citizens and paroled soldiers seized a train and carried off all the bacon and corn. I sent a train in pursuit; they recovered some corn and arrested some of the ringleaders. The bacon had already been distributed. I have

