
these offenders in jail at Thomasville, and with the approval of the general commanding will turn them over to the civil authorities for trial. The authorities have made this request and I am satisfied will deal with them severely. I want to keep one and have him shot by military law, if possible. On yesterday one of my officers received the surrender of the fort (Fort Ward) at Saint Mark's, and at 12 m. the U. S. flag was raised over it and a national salute fired. It is a strong fortification with an armament of eight heavy guns, and well supplied with ammunition. A small gun-boat, the Spray, was lying in the harbor. I paroled the officers and crew and left the boat in charge of a marine guard from the squadron lying outside. The only supplies in the country consist of meat, meal, and salt; no flour. I will have no difficulty in procuring these, but forage will be scarce. I am collecting the supplies at this point, and also having all artillery, arms, horses, &amp; c., brought here. There will be a very large amount. I have the honor to request instructions as to the future disposition to be made of this Government property. It will take some time yet to collect it all together, and to parole all the troops in General Jones' district. After this is accomplished do my duties end, and shall I withdraw all troops and return to headquarters of the corps? In this event instruct me how to dispose of the property. I will furnish at an early day schedules of the property surrendered to me. The cattle in vicinity of Thomasville are scattered through the country grazing. I ordered the officer I left in command at that point to ascertain their whereabouts and report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Tallahassee, Fla., May 13, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to request instructions on the following points: The Governor of the State has issued a proclamation calling the Legislature together on the 5th of June. It was done without my knowledge, and before I had an interview with him. Shall I permit the Legislature to meet, or request him to withdraw the call? In this connection I will state that Governor Allison and Mr. Yulee, as well as other prominent citizens I have conversed with, accept the present termination of affairs with apparent cheerfulness, and are exceedingly gratified with the policy the general commanding has marked out for me to pursue, and which I shall follow strictly. As this is a contingency unprovided for, and may involve important results, I ask instructions. These people I refer to all seem anxious to get back into the Union again as quickly as possible. What disposition is to be made of runaway negroes who come into my camp? I have nothing to feed them with, and must either drive them away from camp or send them to Macon for you to take care of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

