
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, May 13, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. MCCOOK,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have appointed D. L. Yulee, J. Wayles Baker, M. D. Papy, E. C. Live, and J. L. G. Baker as commissioners to proceed to Washington for the purpose of making known to the executive authorities of the United States the steps in progress for harmonizing the government of this State with the Constitution of the United States and of conferring generally with the public authorities of the Federal Government concerning our affairs. You will oblige me by furnishing passports for these commissioners and such facilities as may be indispensable for passing them along the military lines. If your powers are not sufficient, as I apprehend they may not be, I have to request that you would obtain from the proper authorities at Washington the required permission. It is proper for me to say in this connection that the people of this State recognize with entire unanimity the duty which circumstances impose of conforming to the political requirements of the Constitution of the United States and that they resume the duties and privileges created by that instrument in a spirit of perfect good faith, with the purpose to abide therein.

Very respectfully,

A. K. ALLISON,

Governor of Florida.

STATE OF GEORGIA, THOMAS COUNTY,

INFERIOR COURT IN CHAMBERS,

Thomasville, May 13, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. MCCOOK:

DEAR SIR: There was a public meeting to-day of the citizens of this county, held at the request of the court, to adopt some general plan to feed the destitute. The generous spirit evinced by the order of General Sherman, and so cordially adopted by you, has had a happy effect upon the whole people of our State, and will convince them that you and your colaborers have a humane and Christian feeling for them, which will be properly appreciated. There are a great number of beef-cattle in this county purchased for the Confederate armies and now running at large in the woods, and at present quite poor and not fit for beef, but in a few months will be fat. It would give you an immense deal of labor to collect them, especially as your men would not be able to designate them, and they are pastured entirely in the woods - almost in a wilderness country - which they would and could only traverse by having guides. Many lawless persons have commenced to gather and carry them off, and unless herded and guarded they will soon be all stolen. We do not wish to do anything in the premises without your full sanction and knowledge, and therefore ask you to give us an order or your permission to gather them to feed the poor and needy. There is also a lot of wool, some 7,000 or 8,000 pounds, turned over to your officers here. If this was also distributed among the poor it would provide them in a great measure with warm clothing in this coming winter, and without which they will suffer greatly. These things can be well spared by the Government without loss to it, and confer great humanity and generosity upon a poor, destitute people, and do more to create harmony and good feelings among the masses than anything else. People never forget friends in adversity.

