
Hoping that you will favorably consider our application and assist us in promoting peace, quiet, and good will among our people, and that you will answer this at your earliest convenience, we are, yours, respectfully,

R. H. HARDAWAY,

Judge Inferior Court.

ANSEL DEKLE,

Judge Inferior Court.

P. E. LOVE,

Judge Inferior Court.

P. S. - There is also a small lot of salt here, that is exceedingly scarce with us, and would be of no value to you, which we would also ask for to distribute to the needy.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY, CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Macon, Ga., May 13, 1865 - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOWLAND,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the division directs me to say you will send an additional detail (to one ordered heretofore) of men, say three or four parties of twenty-five men each, across the river east, scouring the country well in direction of Milledgeville and let them join the command at this point. He further directs that you return to this place with what may be left of your brigade after sending out these details as above directed. Jeff. and party left for Washington at 5 p. m.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Twelve Miles south of Macon, May 13, 1865 - 9.30 a. m.

[Colonel MINTY:]

COLONEL: I have just received your order and inquiry, and in reply would say that I am now twelve miles out of town. It will take me about four hours to march there, so that I will be able to reach there between 2 and 3 p. m., including halts. I will execute the order as directed.

Very truly, yours, &amp; c.,

B. D. PRITCHARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

ATLANTA, May 13, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Have you heard from Molineux, and have you decided which route shall be taken? If by Dalton, Alexander's brigade should commence crossing the Chattahoochee to-night. If by Augusta, the details should report as soon as I hear from you, to be ready when the party arrives. Mr. S[tephens] is in delicate health and should go by Augusta. Mr. Scott behaved toward me in a most ungentlemanly manner, leaving

