
There were Indians and still are in the country between Waynesville and Knoxville who, having arms of their own, have been using them against robbers who infest in bands that mountain country, but who have not fired on Federal soldiers. These were the parties referred to in my conversation with Colonel Hawley and against whom I did not deem it my duty to do anything. Colonel Thomas assured me that these men would not use their arms against any troops belonging to the United States Government, and that the arms in their possession were not the property of the Confederate Government. Instead of their being in number equal to a battalion I do not think they number 100. These men are also scattered through the whole mountain country of Western North Carolina and are at their homes attending to their farms. I endeavored to make the surrender of General Martin's command comprise his whole command, and beg to refer you to General Martin's letter for explanation of terms, &amp;c. I know of no organization in this country at present, except Teague's scouts, Keith's detail, Lewis' scouts, and a band under a man named Lane, against all of whom my men are now actively engaged. I have details of from twenty-five to forty men each in different parts of the country in pursuit of these outlaws at the present moment. At the time of General Martin's surrender Colonel Thomas had with him what he styled his Life Guard, about twenty men, Indians, whom he said were constantly with him as protection to his person against fobbers. They were not, however, in the employ of the Confederate Government.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. BARTLETT,

Lieutenant Colonel Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry, Commanding Post.

P. S.-General Martin's agreement with me was to turn over all Confederate States Government arms in his entire department.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, May 13, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Wheeler turned in thirty-four carbines and thirty revolvers. He says that his officers have no clothing except their uniform. I stated to him that General Orders, Numbers 31, would be enforced. They murmured a little last night about turning in their arms. I presume as many were thrown into the river as were turned in.

I. C. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

NEW ORLEANS, May 13, 1865.

(Received 2.55 p. m. 18th.)

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of the 6th instant has been received, and Captain McFarland has been ordered to return to his station at Key West.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

