
OFFICE OF THE SUPERIOR CIVIL GOVERNMENT OF THE EVER FAITHFUL ISLAND OF CUBA, Havana, May 13, 1865.

His Excellency Mr. STRIBLING,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding East Gulf U. S. Squadron:

EXCELLENT SIR: I have received a communication signed by your excellency and Mr. John Newton, brigadier-general of the U. S. Army, commanding the District of Key West and Tortugas, in which you state that in consequence of the arrival in this port of the ram Stonewall that if this vessel is permitted to proceed to sea that the Spanish Government will be held responsible for tolerating piracy, as the Confederate Government has no representative, either civil or military. Through the newspapers of the United States I have learned that the Confederate troops commanded by General Lee and others have surrendered, but having no new instructions from my Government I have to confine myself to those in existence, which date from June and December, 1861, in which I am directed to observe the strictest neutrality in the contest between the Federal States of the Union and the Confederate States of the South. This neutrality has never been infringed since that period, and I will continue to observe it until new orders to the contrary are received, and your excellencies will permit me to say that such communications of the class to which I reply are only proper and permitted from one nation to another through its legitimate representatives, ad hoc, which neither your excellencies nor myself are. The ram Stonewall entered this port on the 11th instant with damage to her steam machinery, which is now being repaired. As soon as she is ready I will cause her to leave this port, under conditions prescribed in the royal decree of my Government, dated 17th of June, 1861, unless some unforeseen occurrence should give occasion for longer detention, of which I will inform your excellencies. I am very desirous that the good relations existing between my Government and that of the United States should continue, and i am satisfied that I will not be the cause of any interruption of the same, as the Government of the Union will understand by the just explanations contained in this communication. God preserve your excellencies many years.

DOMINGO DULCE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH ALABAMA,Fort Gaines, Ala., May 13, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Army and Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: At the earnest request of General Liddell, of the late rebel army, I forward his communication to you herewith inclosed.

With the highest respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. KILBY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH ALABAMA, Fort Gaines, Ala., May 13, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Seeing nothing to be gained to the Confederates by protracting the struggle in Texas when it has ceased elsewhere, I offer my

