
services to go on a peace mission to Shreveport, La., to present your terms to General E, Kirby Smith (to whom I am well known, as also to General Buckner and Governor Hahn, of Louisiana), with the view of representing without reserve my own impressions as to the exact status of affairs with us, and the necessity for a final cessation of hostilities. If you think any good might come of it I am ready to go and to return as a prisoner of war, or paroled, as you prefer, subject still to the usual restrictions imposed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Montgomery, May 13, 1865.

(Received 14th.)

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,Chief of Staff, Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions received I sent the First Division of my corps, Brigadier General J. McArthur commanding, to Selma, Ala., and directed him to send from his command one brigade to Demopolis and one brigade to Meridian by the shortest practicable route without delay. From the brigade for Meridian one regiment has been ordered to proceed to Jackson, Miss., for temporary duty, in accordance with your telegram received last might. My other two divisions are here. Brigadier-General McArthur's headquarters will be at Selma, where one brigade of his command remains. I have also sent General Grierson's command by the shortest route to Columbus, Miss., with instructions to detach one brigade for Macon, Miss., immediately on his arrival, and to report to you his arrival and for instructions. Brevet Brigadier-General Chrysler, with the Second New York Cavalry, about 900 effective men, has been ordered to occupy Talladega, Ala. These commands left this place for the points designated as follows: First Division for Selma, Ala., May 10; Second New York for Talladega, May 10; cavalry for Columbus and Macon, May 11. Your telegrams directing these movements were turned over to me on the 8th instant at 11 p. m. by Major General F. Steele, and troops have been sent as rapidly as possible. The commands at Selma and Talladega were directed to commence at each end of the railroad and repair it between those two points. I understand that there is no railroad communication at present from Selma to Demopolis; consequently the commands at Demopolis, Meridian, Columbus, and Macon will have to be supplied with subsistence stores, &amp;c., from Mobile direct. The railroad and telegraph from here to Tensas Station have been repaired and are in working order. I have also received information that the telegraph line east has been repaired to within twenty-three miles of this place, and that four days will complete it so that we will be in direct communication with all parts of the North via Richmond, Va.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

