
7. Bvt. Captain C. J. Allen, Corps of Engineers, is relieved from special duty on the staff of Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, and will immediately proceed to Mobile, Ala., and relieve Captain Walter McFarland, chief engineer defenses at Mobile.

8. Captain Walter McFarland, Corps of Engineers, chief engineer defenses at Mobile, will, after being relieved of his present duties by Captain Allen, in accordance with instructions of Lieutenant-General Grant, return in Key West, Fla., and resume his former duties on permanent works.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 14, 1865-12 m.

General GRANT:

Would it not be well to order General Wilson to send Jeff. Davis and party to some point on the coast and thence by steamer North? There will be disturbances, if they pass through the country by land.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 14, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

Wilson sends Davis and his rebel crew, including his family and Clem, Clay, to Savannah and thence by steamer to Fortress Monroe, bound for Washington. I do not mean that he shall come here, but want you quietly to have bomb-proofs prepared in Fortress Monroe, where he can be confined until tried, which will be immediately after his arrival. His arrival and punishment, if there be any, shall be in Virginia.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., May 14, 1865-10 a. m.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following* from General Wilson is forwarded for your information, and I respectfully request that you telegraph him directly your orders on the several questions he asks. I find it necessary to repair the railroad from Dalton to Cartersville, on the Etowah, to be able to send supplies to the troops which it will be necessary to station in that region until perfect quiet is established among the people there, perfectly helpless to maintain themselves against lawless men who have belonged to the rebel army.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Wilson to Thomas, 8 p. m., 11th, p. 719.

---------------

