HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, May 14, 1865-3 p. m. (Received 12.20 a. m. 15th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Washington, D. C.:

General Wilson reports to me the capture of Jeff. Davis, his family, Mr. Reagan, Postmaster-General; Colonel Harrison, private secretary, and Colonel Johnston, aide-de-camp, at Irwinville, Ga., at daylight on the morning of the 10th instant. He has forwarded the prisoners under strong guard direct to me. I understand that Governor Brown, of Georgia, has also been arrested and is on the way to this place. To be prepared to forward the prisoners promptly and quietly I respectfully ask where it is intended that they shall be confined. I respectfully suggest some prison North as presenting the greatest security and freedom from excitement. I expect their arrival at this place by Wednesday next.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, May 14, 1865.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,Louisville:

General Wilson telegraphs me that he has captured Jeff. Davis and family, Mr. Reagan, Postmaster-General Southern Confederacy, Colonel Harrison, private secretary, and Colonel Johnston, aide-de-camp, and that they are on their way here under a strong guard. They will be forwarded from here as soon as practicable, when you will be telegraphed, but I wish you to be prepared to forward them from Louisville without delay and with perfect security alike from escape as well as from insult and the annoyance of curiosity hunters. Acknowledge receipt, stating what you can do.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

P. S.-You had better send them from Louisville to Cincinnati in a special steamer; one of the small class like the Lady Pike.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

MACON, GA., May 14, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Colonel Pritchard arrived safely at Atlanta with Davis, Clay, Reagan, and party. They left there at 4.30 this morning under escort of General Upton. Stephens was sent on in a separate train. The entire party will reach Augusta by 7 p. m. General Molineux will have carriages and guard ready to convey them to a steamer lying three miles below the city. The device adopted by Davis to escape on the morning of his capture was even more ignoble than I reported it at first. Colonel Pritchard will give you full particulars. I can hear nothing of Breckinridge's movements, though I suspect he has either gone farther east, or possibly slipped through Northern Georgia, notwithstanding

