
the vigilance of my men. Brevet Brigadier-General Palmer captured in wagons and sent to Augusta nearly $200,000 in gold and silver claimed by the Georgia Central Railroad and Banking Company. They have requested its restoration. General Molineux has asked me for orders in the case. I have advised him not to release it without proof of ownership and loyalty. Please send me instructions.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 14, 1865-11.20 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Your three dispatches, one of 11 a. m. of the 12th and two of 9.30 a. m. and 2.30 p. m. of the 13th, have been received. You will please accept the thanks of this Department for your vigilance and energy in pursuit and capture of Davis. You will also give the thanks of the Department to the gallant officers and men by whom the capture was made. Please report the names of the officers and men in order that they may receive appropriate medals and also the reward to which they are justly entitled.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 14, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding in the State of Georgia, Headquarters Macon:

This Department has received the following telegram from General Thomas, which is communicated to you with instructions to take the measures recommended therein by General Thomas.* If Augusta is not within the range of your command, and the officer there does not report to you, the President directs that you take command for the purpose of executing this order, and report to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 14, 1865-7 p. m.

Major-General WILSON,

Macon:

I hope you have taken every precaution to secure Davis and prevent rescue or escape. Admiral Dahlgren might be called on to furnish convoy from Savannah.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 14, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel PRITCHARD,

Augusta:

The President directs you to take every precaution to secure your prisoners and prevent rescue or escape. For that purpose he must be

---------------

*See Thomas to Stanton, May 13, p. 741.

---------------

