HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 14, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Kingston, Ga.:

I have directed Colonel Mackay, chief quartermaster, Army of the Cumberland, to have four days' forage for Wilson's command placed at each of the following points: Resaca, Kingston, and Cartersville. I desire you to post troops at each of those places, to give encouragement to the people and maintain peace and order until they (the people) can re-establish the civil authority. Give strict order forbidding all manner of depredations by the troops, and assure each commanding officer that he will be held to a strict accountability for any lawlessness committed by his men or the men of any other command found straggling in his vicinity. All stragglers must be promptly arrested and held secure for trial. You had better receive the surrender of General Hill as near his old headquarters as possible, say Rome or Kingston, that we may get rid of them the sooner, and that they may have the shortest distance to travel to go home. You may say to General Wofford that being convinced of his sincerity and honorable conduct I have asked to be permitted to administer the President's amnesty oath to him, thereby enabling him to use his full influence to bring his people to a state of peace and quiet at the earliest moment. Should I fail, however, he must not be discouraged, but by his future acts show that he is worthy of such an act of clemency on the part of the Executive, and I have no doubt but that the amnesty will eventually be granted him.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 14, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Kingston, Ga.:

Arrange the surrender of B. J. Hill's forces as you proposed at Villanow. The major-general commanding proposed Rome or Kingston, supposing there was nothing to prevent.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

DALTON, GA., May 14, 1865.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Etowah:

Judge A. M. Curren, of this place, in concert with several prominent citizens, Union men, is trying to re-establish civil authority in this county. Had sent notice to Spring Place to nominate delegates for that purpose, to meet at Ringgold on the 27th instant. The people at Spring Place took down the notice and declared that they did not want or would not have any law under the Federal Government. I am waiting your orders and instructions in this regard.

FELIX PRINCE SALM,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

