HDQRS. MOUNTED FORCES, 12TH U. S. COLORED INFTY., Kingston Springs, Tenn., May 14, 1865.

Lieutenant JOHN D. RIELLY,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Sub-Dist. of Middle Tennessee:

LIEUTENANT: In conformance with the request of the lieutenant-colonel commanding I have the honor to submit the following statement of the facts relative to the atrocious murder of some twenty-six men belonging to General Cooper's command during the month of November last: Mr. Lawson Nunnely, a citizen residing near Vernon, Tenn., states that when General Cooper passed through that neighborhood on his way to Centerville a number of his men, from fatigue and sore feet, straggled some distance in rear of his command, were overpowered, and after surrendering were murdered in cold blood and robbed by the guerrillas. Mr. Nunnely said the colored men employed on his plantation buried eighteen men who had been murdered in that manner. He also stated that a soldier, being unable to march from sore feet, took refuge in his (Nunnely's) house. The guerrillas drove the man from the house and shot him. Another citizen stated he had helped to bury eleven men murdered in the manner above mentioned. The citizens on Piney River, in the vicinity of Vernon, all corroborate the above facts. They all agree that there were at least twenty-six men shot. They say the murders were committed by Captain Cross' gang of guerrillas; that Captain Cross and his officers were personally cognizant of the above circumstances. Captain Cross acknowledged to me that Lieutenant W. L. Clark, assistant inspector defenses Nashville and Northwestern Railroad, who was captured November 21, 1864, was shot, after surrendering, by a man named Kingston; belonged to his (Cross') command.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. EVERETT,

Captain, Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY, Kingston Springs, Tenn., May 14, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded approved.

A. J. FINCH,Major, Commanding Regiment.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Kingston Springs, May 14, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters District of Middle Tennessee, with the request that the facts herein mentioned be laid before the major-general commanding Department of the Cumberland for such action as may be deemed advisable. I have myself received evidence to the same effect from citizens living near Vernon. These men were murdered after they had surrendered.

HENRY STONE,Lieutenant-Colonel 100th U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, Nashville, May 16, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, calling attention to the indorsement of Lieutenant-Colonel Stone.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,Major-General, Commanding.

49 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

