
PADUCAH, May 14, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The party sent out with flag of truce has just returned, bringing in the rebel Colonel Hughey, and several other [officers] and men. I desire to administer the amnesty oath to Colonel Hughey and several others whom I consider worthy. Shall I do it? Colonel Hughey rendered valuable aid, encouraging others to surrender, and greatly desires to take the oath. He is a good man.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., May 14, 1865.

Major A. J. DAVIS,Commanding U. S. Troops, Brownsville, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have your communication of the 11th instant, forwarding communication from Colonel Newsom. You will recognize no truce said to leave been entered into between General Meredith and Colonel Newsom. You will notify Colonel Newsom, and send him a copy of the inclosed order from Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright, C. S. Army. Confederate soldiers reporting to you will be paroled and allowed to go home, and such as desire to take the oath of amnesty will be allowed to do so. I send some blanks. You will keep a record of all such and report to the provost-marshal here. Officers and citizens will not be allowed to take the amnesty oath without first obtaining permission of the department commander. Officers reporting here will be paroled upon the terms agreed upon by the terms of the surrender of General Dick Taylor. I am glad to know that matters are progressing so satisfactorily at Brownsville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 14, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

(Care of Major General A. J. Smith, Montgomery, Ala.)

Your telegram of the 4th instant from Citronelle has been received. Colonel Pritchard, commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry, captured Jefferson Davis, staff, and family, including Postmaster-General Reagan, at daylight of the 10th at Irwinville, Irwin County, Ga., seventy-five miles south by east from this place. Clement C. Clay gave himself up to me day before yesterday. Mr. Stephens was arrested at home. Davis was sent on from here last night on a special train. Breckinridge is at large yet, and I suspect is travelling by a line north of this. His son was captured near Fort Valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

