
MERIDIAN, May 14, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

From what I can learn, the number of officers in General Taylor's command paroled will exceed 2,000, and the number of men paroled will exceed 25,000. Of course this number includes many absentees and some men from Johnston's command.

G. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Mobile, Ala., May 14, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,Montgomery, Ala.:

Your dispatch of the 13th instant is received and is highly satisfactory. Report has just been received from the officer of the commissary department sent to receive surrendered commissary property from Dick Taylor. He says there are 2,000 head of fine cattle at Bolivar, Gainesville, and Livingston, which we stand in risk of losing for want of proper protection. Please order small cavalry detachments to be sent to those places until the cattle can be removed.

By order:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Montgomery, Ala., May 14, 1865.

The organization of the staff of the major-general commanding Sixteenth Army Corps is hereby renounced as follows: Lieutenant Colonel John Hough, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Lyon, Twenty-first Missouri Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel George W. Baker, U. S. Volunteers, commissary of subsistence; Major W. H. Thome, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Major Ross Wilkinson, aide-de-camp and provost-marshal; Captain C. K. Drew, U. S. Volunteers, quartermaster; Captain J. A. Sexton, Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, assistant provost-marshal; Captain J. B. Pannes, aide-de-camp and acting ordnance officer; Captain Charles H. Hurt, Eighth Illinois Volunteers, signal officer; Captain John W. Lowell, Battery G, Second Illinois Light Artillery, chief of artillery; First Lieutenant F. Van Vliet, Third U. S. Cavalry, mustering officer; First Lieutenant Charles J. Allen, U. S. Army, engineer officer; First Lieutenant James B. Comstock, Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant W. G. Mead, Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant A. K. Demint, Forty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant J. S. Baker, chief of escort and orderlies.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

