HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Selma, Ala., May 14 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. HOUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this place all right. Will send to-day at 12 m. two regiments to Demopolis and Meridian, one to each, and the balance of the command as fast as transportation can be obtained. I expect to have one regiment (as directed in your letter just received) at Jackson, Miss., on Tuesday night. Information on the other points you require I will forward as soon as obtained. Meantime I find the urgent necessity of having my pioneer corps here as soon as possible. Will you please send it along.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Selma, Ala., May 14, 1865.

Colonel W. L. McMILLEN,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to Meridian, Miss., as soon as transportation by railroad can be obtained. You will garrison that place and relieve all guards of Lieutenant General R. Taylor, C. S. Army. The strictest discipline must be enforced amongst your troops, and the people at all times treated with discretion and respect. The military forces will take charge of all Government property and protect both public and private property against depredations from evil-disposed persons. Foraging of all kinds must be strictly prohibited. If it becomes necessary to take private property for the use fo the army proper receipts will in every case be given. The general commanding trusts the minor details to your discretion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES KILBOURNE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 14, 1865-11 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The following details of the capture of Jefferson Davis while attempting to make his escape in his wife's clothes have been received from Major-General Wilson.*

EDWIN M. STANTON.

RICHMOND, VA., May 15, 1865-8.30 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Casemates at Fort Monroe are being prepared. It would be well to send from Washington some one acquainted with preparations at

---------------

*See Wilson to Stanton, May 13, 9.30 a. m., p. 743.

---------------

