
arsenal penitentiary to superintend details; also a special commander for Fort Monroe. The present one is a faithful officer, but not sharp enough to take charge of Jeff. Davis and his crew. What shall I do with his wife and children? I should not like to confine them, while at the same time it is not desirable to have them about.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 15, 1865-2 p. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

General DELAFIELD:

By direction of the Secretary of War I have ordered Colonel Brewerton to immediately prepare ten or twelve casemates at Fort Monroe as secure prisons for important prisoners. To avoid all misunderstandings on his part please telegraph him to carry out these instructions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, May 15, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Colonel BREWERTON:

The Secretary of War directs that some ten or twelve casemates be quickly prepared as prisons for important State prisoners. They should be made so secure as to prevent any possibility of escape. The work should be done immediately. Orders to this effect will probably be given by General Delafield, but do not wait for them. Answer when and how many you can have prepared.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, May 15, 1865-4.30 p. m.

General HALLECK:

The casemates at Fort Monroe will be prepared without delay.

HENRY BREWERTON,

Colonel, Corps of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, May 15, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to request and recommend that the following-named general officers now on duty in this department be promoted in the regular service of the United States by brevet in the same grade as now held by them in the U. S. Volunteers: Major General George Stoneman, to be major-general by brevet; Major General D. S. Stanley, to be major-general by brevet; Major General Thomas J. Wood, to be major-general by brevet; Bvt. Major General John M. Brannan, to be brigadier-general; Brigadier General Z. B. Tower, to be brigadier-general by brevet; Brigadier General H. M. Judah, to be brigadier-general by brevet; Brigadier General W. L. Elliott, to be brigadier-general by brevet; Brigadier General R. S. Granger, to be brigadier-general by brevet; Brigadier General John H. King, to be brigadier-general by brevet; Brigadier General W. D. Whipple, to be brigadier-general

