
I inclose drawings of Forts Negley, Morton, Houston, Gillem, Donaldson, and Hyde Ferry, and plans of redoubts on north bank of Cumberland, and for Hill (210); also of battery for Casino Hill and of the defenses inclosing the capitol. A general plan of the city and vicinity shows the defensive line and the position of the forts and batteries. There are eleven drawings accompanying this report.*

Since writing the above some names of forts have been changed, as indicated in red ink.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. TOWER,

Brigadier General and Insp. General of Fortifications, Mil. Div. of the Miss.

[MAY 15, 1865.-For General Orders, Numbers 94, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, announcing regulations for the muster out of troops, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 1153.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 128. Nashville, Tenn., May 15, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. The First Alabama Cavalry will proceed at once to Huntsville, Ala., and report for duty to Brigadier General R. S. Granger, commanding District of Northern Alabama.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Nashville, Tenn., May 15, 1865.

By Special Orders, Numbers 180, paragraph 22, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general and chief staff officer of this corps, is relieved from duty with this command and directed to report to the headquarters Army of the Tennessee. The commanding general desires to express his regret to Colonel Fullerton that the pleasant associations which have existed between them since the organization of the corps are ended, and believes that he can also speak for the officers and men of the corps in saying they are sincerely sorry to see him leave them. Colonel Fullerton will carry with him many thanks for his uniform fidelity to duty, his courtesy as well as gallantry on many fields, and many wishes for his success in his new field of labor.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Plate CXII, map 4; Plate CXIII, maps 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9; and Plate CXIV, maps 1, 2, and 3 of the Atlas.

---------------

