SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 102. Nashville, Tenn., May 15, 1865.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General C. C. Doolittle having reported in person at these headquarters for assignment to duty, in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 118, dated headquarters Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn., May 5, 1865, is hereby assigned to duty as commander of the First Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 15, 1865-9 a. m. (Received 9.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatches 11.20 and 11.30 a. m. of yesterday are received. General Upton reports the safe embarkation of the prisoners under charge of Colonel Pritchard, at Augusta, last night. I cannot give the names of the men who made the capture of Davis and his party. Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard, who commanded the Fourth Michigan, had with him about 130 officers and men at the time, and is directed to make a detailed report to you in person. In justice to the corps, I take pleasure in saying that neither Colonel Pritchard nor his men knew that there had been a reward offered for the party whom they were pursuing. The credit due the First Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Harnden commanding, is scarcely less than that to the actual captors. I will forward detailed reports as soon as they can be made out. Augusta is not in my command, but I have issued the necessary orders for carrying out your instructions. Brevet Major-General Upton having conducted Davis to that place will assume command and proceed to make the necessary arrests and seizures.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, GA., May 15, 1865-10.30 a. m. (Received 9.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegrams of 7 and 7.30 p. m. yesterday are received. You may assure the President that every necessary precaution has been taken to secure Jefferson Davis and to prevent rescue. I will answer for his safe delivery at Washington. It is impossible for him to escape alive. Colonel Pritchard is a most excellent officer and has with him three officers and twenty men of his own regiment besides sixty from Upton's division. All safely embarked on the Savannah River last night. Colonel Pritchard has written instructions for his government, and is directed to report to you in person with his prisoners. I have requested General Gillmore to give him every possible assistance, and to furnish a transport in case the admiral of the South Atlantic Squadron cannot send a light-draft gun-boat to convey the party direct to Washington. I do not think there are 100 men in Georgia who desire the release of Davis or would risk anything in trying to rescue him.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

