HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 15, 1865-5 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to respectfully suggest that the reward offered for the arrest of Davis, or a part of it, be so disposed of as to provide for the families of the men killed in the affair between the two regiments engaged in the pursuit. I am sure this will meet with the approbation of Colonel Pritchard.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 15, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville:

I wish to send an officer to Washington with the flags captured by the corps during the recent campaign, and also the records of the Andersonville prison. Am I authorized to send him direct, or must he go via Nashville?

J. H. WILSON.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 15, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the information of Major-General Thomas and the War Department, the inclosed communication from Howell Cobb.* Without regard to the antecedents of the author, his present or future status, and without questioning his motives, I respectfully invite attention to the following points of this communication as specially worthy of consideration:

First. From my observation General Cobb states the condition and feelings of the people fairly. They are completely subjugated and submissive, and only desire to know the will of the Government to execute it. It would be improper to assert that there is any general sentiment of true loyalty prevailing, or that the affections of the people are directed toward the North and the legitimate Government of the land; but, on the other hand, there is no manifestation of hatred or a desire for further opposition. From the contempt they feel toward Davis' government, the disgrace of its termination, as well as its tyranny while in force, they feel a sentiment of relief at the restoration of national authority and from the principle of self-interest, if from no other, they will give prompt and willing acquiescence to whatever policy the Government sees fit to inaugurate for the re-establishment of their relations with the loyal States, and the support of the civil order. All that part of Georgia south of the line of General Sherman's operations and mine is in a prosperous condition, and in a short time, under a good system of government, will surpass its original progress. But the country north of the line indicated could not possibly be in a worse condition. In view of these facts, there is a great necessity for prompt and immediate action in the reorganization of the State government, so that the poor may be provided for, and civil officers be appointed at once to administer justice.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

