
also throw up a redan at each end of the bridge for its protection. The brigade will remain at that point until further orders, protecting the bridge and themselves. Captain Wellman, engineer, will accompany the brigade and lay out the work.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Ala., March 24, 1865.

This command will move at 9 a. m. to-morrow, marching in the following order: First Brigade; Battery G, Second Illinois Artillery; Second Brigade; Seventeenth Ohio Battery; Third Brigade. As a general rule brigade headquarters and battery ambulances will follow their respective commands. All other wheeled vehicles will move in rear of the troops in the following order: Ambulance corps, hospital wagons, division headquarters, then brigade and battery wagons in the order of march of their respective commands. The rear brigade will furnish daily for the division baggage train a guard of 100 men with proper officers.

By order of General K. Garrard:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,March 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Force, Navy Cove, Ala.:

SIR: A guide, Mr. Helton, is sent with this note to you. He knows the country well from his place to this point, and states that he can avoid about six miles of the bad road over which General Granger moved, lying between Helton's and East Branch of Fish River. Also that soon after crossing that branch he can again leave General Granger's route, following a good road to Baker's Bridge, across Pole Cat Creek, and then to Lowell's Bridge, across Fish River, and thence to the road over which we shall move, namely, by the Deer Park, Kee's, and Durant's toward Origen Sibley's. If good weather should continue, you may find Granger's route good enough; if not, you are at liberty to take the one indicated. Baker's and Lowell's Bridges will be put in order for your use.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Navy Cove, Ala.:

GENERAL: In connection with the letter written to you this morning in regard to Mr. Helton, I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he has just been informed by General Granger that this Mr. Helton is, in his opinion, not very reliable, and that he

