
send all specie and effects turned over to me to Macon? The claims can be investigated there with more facility than here.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 15, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General E. UPTON,Augusta, Ga.:

Retain in your own custody the property of the Georgia Central Railroad and Banking Company till further orders. You need not send any of them to this place.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ATLANTA, May 15, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

A trestle can be erected over the Chattahoochee River more quickly than any bridge; also at less expense. It will be about 1,000 to 1,500 feet long. Shall I do anything toward having this done, or shall I confine my labor to the work this side of the river? All of it can be going on at once if you think best. If I had axes the track could be done to the river in two days. As it is, it will be done to that point by Saturday evening. Are you going to send any more negroes? I have only one regiment, all of whom are at work. If anything is to be done at the bridge or on the other side of the river, more men should at once be put on the work. Please answer by telegraph.

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

ATLANTA, GA., May 15, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have telegraphed the major-general commanding relative to the bridge over the Chattahoochee River. The dispatch may not reach him. I wish to know if it is his intention to do anything to the railroad above the Chattahoochee River, and if he wishes a trestle or a truss bridge constructed at that point. A truss will cost the most money and take the most time. A trestle will contain about 140,000 feet of lumber, and will take, say, fifteen days to complete it. If he intends doing anything on the railroad from the Chattahoochee to the Etowah, more men ought to be sent at once. Only one regiment is here. We have no axes and are therefore much delayed, but I think the track will be complete to the river (seven miles) in six days-say by Saturday night. If a trestle or truss is to be built over the Chattahoochee, shall it be done by contract or not? Please inform me on these points at once.

Your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

