
land, of date April 29, 1865, is hereby assigned to the command of the Cavalry Division of the District of West Tennessee.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., May 15, 1865.

(Received 3 p. m. 22nd.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch transmitting the President's proclamation, offering reward for the assassin of President Lincoln, has just been received. The proclamation itself was received at Mobile, by the way of Senatobia and Meridian, on the 6th instant, and an officer was immediately sent with it by railroad to Selma and Montgomery. He reports that the troops were already on the alert, and as Grierson's cavalry covers the country between the Alabama and Chattahoochee Rivers, and communications with Wilson to the east, I think it impossible for Davis and his party to get through unless they pass individually and in disguise. The Mississippi is also closely watched by the gun-boats and cavalry patrols.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 15, 1865.

(Received 12.45 p. m. 20th.)

Major-General CANBY,

Mobile or New Orleans:

Your dispatches to the Secretary of War of the 7th were this day forwarded from here immediately after their receipt. Have given General Hatch, at Eastport, instructions in regard to paroled prisoners arriving there.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, May 15, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR, C. S. Army,Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: In the absence of the major general commanding, I have the honor to request that you will furnish these headquarters with a list of all officers and soldiers of the U. S. Army who have died while held as prisoners of war in your hands. This information is very important to the War Department, in order to determine cases of pay, pensions, &amp;c. It is thought that much information may be obtained from your records and headboards of the graves, &c. Please have your lists as complete as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

