
the water. There was but one bridge on the entire route, the rest having been swept away by high water. The Tallapoosa is crossed by a ferry in good order. Many of the horses of the command were sore and lame from want of shoeing. The country through which I passed was very poor and contained but very little forage until I reached the Talladega Valley, at Sylacauga. This valley is very rich and fertile and extensively cultivated. Corn, wheat, and rye are planted to a great extent. The country is well watered, and being surrounded by mountains, is undoubtedly very healthy. The railroad from here to within twenty miles of Selma is in running order. Above, I understand some bridges have been destroyed. I found a rebel lieutenant-colonel commanding this post, who had a post adjutant, quartermaster, and commissary; also a "tax-in-kind" quartermaster, hospitals and hospital stores, and chief surgeon. In the quartermaster's department I found 2,400 pounds of horseshoe iron and a lot of nail rod. There have been taken and paroled on the march 1 major-general in State service, 2 lieutenant-colonels, C. S. service, 4 majors, 5 captains, 16 lieutenants, and 307 men, and the office is overrun with men asking to be paroled.

A report that the Trans-Mississippi Department was to be annexed to France was greatly believed throughout this country, and a great many of the soldiers were making their way toward the Mississippi River to join Kirby Smith. All these men I disarmed, dismounted, and paroled. The citizens are peaceably disposed. Two newspapers are published here, the Watchtower and Reporter, the latter by Confederate Congressman Cruikshank. I will send you the first issue. The telegraph will be in operation to-morrow or as soon as a battery is attached at Selma; the railroad to the same place by Saturday or sooner. I shall send to-morrow 100 men (working party) to the "break," twenty miles from Selma. I am scouting in all directions for the C. S. C. or Confederate chief and his Arabian Nights' train. I have taken and hold at this place over 300 stand of Government small-arms. There is forage enough for my command for some time in this vicinity. I inclose trimonthly for May 10, 1865.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, May 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose copy of a communication just received from Commander James F. Armstrong, commanding navy-yard, Pensacola, in reference to the surrender of Tallahassee and Saint Mark's, Fla., to our forces on the 9th instant, and also the surrender of the rebel steamer Spray. There are, however, still several mounted bands of rebel desperadoes this side of Choctawhatchee River, who, although included in Dick Taylor's surrender, continue in arms against the United States Government, with their principal camps near Marianna, Fla., and Elba, Ala.; and to compel these rebels to lay down their arms, also to relieve the interior of West Florida from lawless bands of deserters from our army, robbing indiscriminately the people of both parties, I would respectfully renew my request for the return of the mounted portion of the Second Maine and First Florida Cavalry,

