
or if that should be impossible, I would request that another small cavalry force be ordered here for the purpose of pacifying fully this portion of country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, Pensacola Navy-Yard, May 15, 1865.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,

Commanding Military District of West Florida, Barrancas:

GENERAL: I have received information by letter from Lieutenant-Commander Gibson, of the U. S. steamer Mahaska, of the surrender of Tallahassee and Saint Mark's to our forces on the 9th instant, and also of the surrender of the rebel steamer Spray.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. F. ARMSTRONG,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Washington, May 16, 1865-11 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Nashville, Tenn.:

Direct General Wilson to leave a force of 4,000 of his command to garrison such places as he now holds and deems necessary to be garrisoned, with instructions to draw their supplies, such as they cannot get in the country, via the Savannah and Ocmulgee Rivers, and to move with the remainder of his command to such point as you may designate on the Tennessee River and by such route as you may deem most practicable. He should commence his movement at the earliest practicable moment. In designating the force to be left in Georgia no regiment whose term of service expires on or prior to 1st day of October next should be left.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Transmitted by Major-General Thomas to General Wilson at Macon, May 16.)

LOUISVILLE, May 16, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. Army:

I have sent a careful officer up the river to prepare the way. It is important that I know when the boat will pass this place, that I may communicate with her if possible. The boat starting at the time you have mentioned cannot reach her destination at the time you have appointed.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

