
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 16, 1865-11.20 a. m.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

You will accept the thanks of this Department for your diligence in providing for the security of Jeff. Davis and his companions. The President directs that you look up Alexander H. Stephens, take him into custody, and send him as a rebel prisoner in close confinement and under sure guard to Fortress Monroe, where the officer having him in charge will hold him and report by telegraph to Major-General Halleck, at Richmond, and to this Department, for further instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MACON, GA., May 16, 1865-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In pursuance of your instructions by telegraph from Washington, May 14, I have the honor to make the following report: Major-General Upton has at Augusta, under guard, the books, papers, and assets of the mother bank of Bank of Tennessee, Knoxville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Columbia branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Clarksville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Trenton branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Memphis branch bank of Bank of Tennessee; a portion of the books, papers, and assets of the following are also under guard: Athens branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Rogersville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Sparta branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Somerville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee; assets there, but books and papers burned or lost at Chattanooga, of Shelbyville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee. The above report includes the mother bank and all its branches. There are on the line of the Georgia Railroad, belonging to the Nashville and Chattanooga road, 20 locomotives and tenders, 12 of them in good order and 8 wanting repairs; 116 freight cars, generally in good order; 16 passenger and baggage cars, mostly in bad order. There are 2 locomotives and about 20 cars in Virginia, and 1 locomotive and 10 cars in South Carolina, which cannot be returned till the railroad is repaired. The property and rolling-stock of the railroad can be collected at any moment; but some of it is being used to transport paroled prisoners and supplies for my command. General Upton has not seized them yet. They will be taken possession of as son as the necessity for their use has passed. The archives of Tennessee were in Montgomery last winter. Mr. Claiborne, chief clerk of Bank of Tennessee, informs me that they were moved from there upon the approach of my command. It is said they were sent to this place. I have taken steps to find out their whereabouts. Dunlap and Ray are not at Augusta; they left last Sunday. Fisher is expected there to-day. Torbett and Battle are away; whereabouts not known. I have taken the necessary steps to find them. Will report further. The assets and coin of the Bank of Tennessee and branches now under guard amount to something over half a million dollars.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

