
uniting at Deep Hole, about four miles below D'Ollive's Creek, which will be made the depot for our supplies and material. Your own command will move from Pensacola on Sunday, preceded by the cavalry under Lucas. The object of your movement has already been indicated to you verbally, and I will only repeat briefly that the main object of your movement will be that of supporting the cavalry while engaged in the destruction of the Mobile and Montgomery road as far up as Greenville, or as far as it can safely go, and when this is accomplished and the cavalry has rejoined you, joing the main body on Mobile Bay. I do not wish to trammel you be any special instructions, but leave the route and distance to which you move entirely to your own judgment, as you have at Pensacola more reliable information as to the character of the country, the condition of the roads, and the force to be opposed than any that we can have here. Your command must be embarrassed with as little transportation as possible, five days' rations being carried by the men and five days' in wagons. Diminish the regimental trains as much below the limits of the general order as you may find necessary, the object being to take nothing that is not indispensable to efficiency. Take no more of the pontoon equipage than you consider absolutely indispensable. Until the troops designated for the garrison at Barrancas arrive, it will be necessary to leave one or two regiments of General Hawking' division at Barrancas for garrison purposes. The effective force of the First Florida and Second Maine Cavalry will be attached to your command, and you will leave in place of them one of the regiments of Lucas' brigade, preferably the one last arrived, as its horses will not have recovered from the effects of the voyage. The Florida cavalry know the country thoroughly and will be particularly valuable to you as scouts. Put yourself as soon as possible in communication with the force on Mobile Bay and keep me advised as fully as you can of your movements and prospects.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, AT MOBILE POINT, ALA., Numbers 21 1/2. Fort Morgan, March 16, 1865.

Colonel H. M. Day, Ninety-first Illinois Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

By order of Brigadier General W. P. Benton:

J. D. ROUSE,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Fort Gaines, Ala., March 16, 1865.

1. The Third Division and the First Brigade, Second Division, will march under command of Brigadier-General Benton at daylight to-morrow, the 17th instant, to Dannelly's Mills, on Fish River, following as nearly as possible the Fort Morgan and Blakely telegraph road, there to await orders. The command will move with ten days' field rations, four days' in haversacks and six days' in wagons. Fifty rounds of

