
has the name of being a conscript hunter, and down upon Union people generally. His statement must, therefore, be taken with due allowance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Navy Cove:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your information and reference a sketch of the east bank of Mobile Bay.* The major-general commanding the army directs me to say that the guide sent you this a. m., although his status of loyalty is somewhat doubtful, appears to be well acquainted with the theater of our present operations, and undoubtedly will assist you considerably to push forward as rapidly as possible. The army now concentrated here will leave early to-morrow morning for the vicinity of Martin Durant's, and the general is very anxious to have your command join him at the front in the shortest time possible. In order to give to your column the choice of roads, the pontoon bridge laid across Fish River opposite this point will remain there under guard of a small detachment until you may have passed. Besides this place of crossing you will find bridges built and practicable across Fish River at Lowell's and across Pole Cat Branch at Baker's. Push your command forward as rapidly as practicable, but do not move with columns less than 1,500 to 2,000 strong. The condition of the roads renders it imperative to do away with all trains and encumbrances which may have a tendency to retard your progress. Take, therefore, only the smallest amount of transportation you can get along with, and have all the bulk of your train shipped, through Colonel Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, to Point Zeb by water. General Granger's trains while en route were molested to some extent by rebel cavalry, and it will be well to have your front and flank well scoured by eclaireurs. Deploy your advance guard as broad as prudence permits, but let these explorations not delay your rapid progress more than is absolutely necessary. You are very much wanted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 71. Barrancas, March 24, 1865.

* * * * * * *

4. In obedience to orders from Major-General Steele, the district commissary and quartermaster will turn over to Brevet Major McEntee, chief quartermaster of Major-General Steele's command, five days' provisions for his whole army. The quartermaster's steamer Matamoras will be loaded with these provisions with the utmost speed and sent at once, in accordance to orders of Major-General Steele, up the Escambia River in charge of Brevte Major McEntee, provided with a pilot familiar with the navigation of that river. Colonel Woodman, Second Maine Cavalry, will furnish a guard for the steamer Matamoras of 100

---------------

* Sketch not found.

---------------

