
MACON, May 16, 1865-3 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington:

Colonel Minty reports the recovery of twelve boxes of the Tennessee archives. They were found at Buzzard Roost, on the Ocmulgee, and are now here. Dunlap, who had them, has fled. Harris is reported to have been at Buzzard Roost lately.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, GA., May 16, 1865-11 a. m.

General THOMAS:

Your telegram of 14th instant is received. I shall push the railroad repairs as rapidly as possible and do the best I can in taking care of my command. The Savannah River cannot be depended upon but a very short time. Has only three feet of water now in the channel. I would respectfully recommend General Croxton for position of military governor of Georgia, if such an appointment is contemplated by the Government. This is without the knowledge or consent of the general, but I am sure no man could fill the position with more ability and fidelity.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 16, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have arrested Captain H. Wirz, C. S. Army, notorious as commandant of the Andersonville prison, and have sent him under guard to General Thomas. I forward herewith all the records, &amp;c., of the prison that could be found, and also other papers relating to his cruel treatment of our men. I respectfully request that this miscreant be brought before a general court-martial in Washington, D. C., where the evidence in his case can be more readily obtained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

AUGUSTA, May 16, 1865.

General WILSON,

Commanding:

I find here $188,000, claimed as being assets of the Georgia Central Railroad Bank, which was turned over to General Molineux by your order, and which you subsequently ordered to be turned over to General Upton. The banking company claiming the money formerly did business in Savannah. There are now at that place claims in the hands of the proper officers against that bank for deposit made by two officers in our army before the war. If you have no instructions to the contrary from the War Department, I would propose that I take the money to Savannah in order that it may be held until the claims of loyal persons against it are liquidated.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, District of Savannah.

