SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 80. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Macon, Ga., May 16, 1865.

* * * *

II The negro regiment attached to the First Division, Cavalry Corps, will proceed without delay to Atlanta, Ga. On its arrival there the officer in command will report to Brevet Brigadier-General Winslow, commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 16, 1865.

Brigadier-General McCook,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Tallahasee, Fla.:

GENERAL: Your communications of May 13 are received. The general commanding directs me to say that the inclosed copies of (Numbers 1)

letter to Governor Brown of Georgia, containing the answer of the honorable Secretary of War to a letter addressed to him by Governor Brown on the same subject, also (Numbers 2.) order issued from these headquarters, will give you full instructions how to act and show clearly the position the Government takes as tot he position of the parties now in authority in the States which have been in rebellion against the United States.* There is only one thing that can be done with the negroes. We have no provisions for them here. Turn them out; they can return to their former masters of go where they please. Under the laws of the United States they are free and our instructions are to treat them as free men. The communication from the Governor of Florida is returned to you with indorsement carrying out your recommendation. You will open communication with General Vogdes, commanding U. S. forces at Jacksonville, have an officer detailed to relieve you of the property collected, and take direction of the paroling the troops in your vicinity and then withdraw your command and return to this place. If it will not cause too much delay, you will collect the cattle now guarded by you at Thomasville and vicinity and have them driven to this place and turned over to the assistant commissary of subsistence of the corps. The disposition of the parties arrested by your taking and stealing Government property at Thomasville is left to your judgment. They should not be turned to the civil authorities unless you believe they will be promptly and severely punished for their crimes.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

M. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Cav. Corps, Mil. Div. of the Miss.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Tallahassee, May 16, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT:

I have the honor to forward copies of communications from General Vogdes to myself and my reply to the same; also copies of communication

---------------

*For inclosure, see pp. 681,682.

---------------

51 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

