
cation to General Vogdes from General Gillmore, and the forms of parole, &amp;c., used by them* I have continued collecting public property and paroling soldiers under the forms furnished by you, and will not suspend my duties ordered by General Wilson. Everything is in condition to turn over to General Vogdes at once, if it is desired I should do so. Be kind enough to answer this at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST, GA., May 16, 1865.

Major-General WILSON,

Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

The books, papers, and assets of the following banks are here under guard: Mother bank of Bank of Tennessee, Knoxville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Columbia branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Clarksville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Trenton branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Memphis branch bank of Bank of Tennessee. A portion of the books, papers, and assets of the following are here under guard: Athens branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Rogersville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Sparta branch bank of Bank of Tennessee, Somerville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee; assets here, but books and papers burned or lost at Chattanooga, of Shelbyville branch bank of Bank of Tennessee. The above reports include the mother bank and all its branches. There are on the line of the Georgia Railroad belonging to Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, 20 locomotives and tenders, 12 of them in good order and 8 wanting repairs; 116 freight cars, generally in good order; 16 passenger and baggage cars, mostly in bad order. There are 2 locomotives and about 20 cars in Virginia and 1 locomotive and 10 cars in South Carolina, which cannot be returned till the railroad is repaired. The property or rolling stock on the Georgia Railroad can be collected at any moment, and as some of it is being used by the Georgia company to transport paroled prisoners and our own supplies, I do not think it advisable to seize . The president and superintendent are exceedingly anxious to get it back to Mr. Claiborne chief clerk of Bank of Tennessee, informs me that they were removed from there upon our approach, and that the last he heard of them they were on train going from Macon to Atlanta, but the train was met by Howell Cobb and sent back to Macon. The archives certainly are not in Augusta. Young may be able to trace them at Macon . Messrs. Dunlap and Ray left here on Sunday, taking the Atlanta train. They left for fear of being arrested. Mr. Fisher is expected to-day. Mr. Torbett has not been heard from. Battle was here, but his whereabouts is not known. I will send the troops of my division back to Atlanta to-morrow morning, unless your otherwise direct. The whole matter with which I am charged might as well be left in General Molineux's hands as not, and I permitted to return to Atlanta. Please let me know whether you deem it necessary for me to remain longer; if not, I will make arrangements to leave

---------------

*For inclosures (here omitted) see Vogdes to McCook, May 13; Gillmore to Vogdes, May 8; and certificate of parole, as inclosure from Vogdes to Jones, May 12, Vol. XLVII, Part III, pp. 494, and 485, respectively.

---------------

