
regular brigade in readiness to proceed to Dalton after him. General Salm is also advised as to proper precautions in accordance with your telegram.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,Chattanooga, May 16, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 12th instant I received, at Kingston, Ga., the surrender of General Wofford, C. S. Army, and his command which reached numerically before I left 6,000 My letter to General Wofford offering to parole all Confederate officers and soldiers whom he reported to me [as] such, coupled with my determined to treat as outlaws all who did not thus report to him, had the effect of bringing in nearly if not quite al of the mischievous element scattered through the northern counties of the State. Many of these men have been guilty of gross barbarities and deserve death, but out of consideration for the future peace and welfare of the country I deemed it the more politic course to ignore the past and get rid of them in the most summary manner. it was generally understood among them that, although by the terms of their parole they were not to be interfered with by the military authorities, they were still liable to civil prosecution for offenses committed against the persons and property of citizens of Georgia; and the most of them, as I am informed by General Wofford, are on this account prepared to leave the country as soon as paroled. Through an unfortunate misunderstanding on the part of General Wofford of a portion of the fourth article of agreement,, and which I must admit might be susceptible of his interpretation, the enlisted men came in with his promise that their private horses would not be taken. Fearing that, should I repudiate his assurance, a stampede would result among those who claimed their horses as private property, I deemed it best to permit those who were willing to swear to the ownership of their horses to retain them as a loan by the United States Government to be used upon their farms, assuring them that the claims of citizens subsequently proved would be supported. I made arrangements, in accordance with a verbal agreement to that effect, with General Wofford, to continue paroling his men as they came in until the 20th instant. As soon as it is completed I will forward the aggregate off officers and men paroled, an arms and other property turned over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., May 16, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left Colonel Woodall, One hundred and fifty-first Illinois Volunteers Infantry, with his regiment at Kingston, Ga., and upon the receipt of your telegram to that effect Colonel Adams, One hundred and forty-fifth Indiana

