
Volunteer Infantry, with his regiment to Cartersville. Colonel Sickles with the two remaining regiments, his own (One hundred and forty-seventh Illinois) and Colonel Dawson's (One hundred and eighty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry), is at Resaca. Brevet Brigadier General Salm with his brigade is at Dalton, excepting five companies which I ordered temporarily to Spring Place, where an insurrectionary spirit was exhibited by some citizens in tearing down the printed calls for a convention of the people. I inclose herewith a copy of the instructions (written) for the guidance of commanding officers within my jurisdiction. They have been carefully explained orally, and from my knowledge of the character and qualifications of the commanders I have confidence that their presence and that of their troops will prove salutary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Resaca, Ga., May 13, 1865.

* * * *

Commanding officers will be held strictly accountable for acts of lawlessness or depredations committed by their men upon the persons or property of the residents of the country. The rigid enforcement of existing orders and of discipline should serve to prevent any such outrages, and their committal by enlisted men will be regarded as evidence of neglect of duty on the part of their officers and treated accordingly. While the presence of the troops is intended to assist and encourage the citizens of the country in their efforts to re-establish civil law and order, care must be taken not to usurp or encroach upon the functions or duties of civil officers by unadvised or too frequent interference. The physical (military) force should be but sparingly exerted, and only then upon the proper requisition therefor, or failure of the civil authorities to enforce their decrees (cases of emergency excepted.) Endeavor to arouse the people from the supineness engendered by long military control and encourage them to fell them to feel that if they choose to exert their prerogatives they can do so, supported by the moral force exerted by the presence of the troops, with the assurance that when absolutely necessary they will be promptly afforded protection against the efforts of the lawless to impede or restrain them. The laws of the United States and of the State of Georgia in existence on January 1, 1861, except so far as they may have been modified by subsequent acts of Congress or the proclamations of the President of the United States, will only be enforced. Act promptly and energetically in any insurrectionary attempt to interfere with the restoration or enforcement of civil law. Hunt down and kill all guerrillas and lawless depredators upon private property. Keep me advised weekly of the condition of affairs in your vicinity, and oftener when necessary.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH, Numbers 25. Chattanooga, Tenn., May 16, 1865.

The undersigned hereby assumes the temporary command of the District of the Eatowah. Captain Harvey Officer, Battery E, First Minnesota

