HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, May 16, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER DETACH. 43rd WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,

Mann's Ford:

Upon the receipt of this you will immediately send the detachment of cavalry down, the south side of Elk River to Simons' Mill, at which place they will halt till 12 m. As soon they will halt till 12 m. As soon as the infantry have breakfasted you will proceed along the south bank of Elk River till you reach Doctor McGoughlin's, leaving five men at every quarter of a mile, as near as may be, but at the same time post them at the highest and most eligible points on the river to obtain a view of the country. At precisely 12 m. your whole command, infantry and cavalry, will cross the river, deploy at as great a distance as possible, taking care that the right and left men are in view of each other and in hailing distance. Try at the same time to make connection with the right of Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber, Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry, who is on the north side of the river and on your left and with Captain Lewis' left, who is on the north of the river ad on your right. Immediately after crossing the river and deploying your men you will move forward northwardly, with lines converging so as to center at Marble Hill, at which place your men will assemble. After reaching there and reporting to Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber you will return to your camp at Decherd. The object of this expedition is to trap and destroy the guerrilla Rogers and his band, who are supposed to be in the section of the country that will be scoured by this expedition. The majority of the guerilla band are dressed in Federal uniforms, and Rogers is said to be riding a dun or claybank horse. Instruct each of your men not to allow any man to pass through their line upon any pretense whatever, but to arrest all persons whom they meeter have any reason to suspect, and conduct them to Marble Hill, reporting them to Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, May 16, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram in regard to Govan's brigade received. Will let you know the number as soon as ascertained. Colonel Wheeler, in accordance with your instructions, has been arrested. He wishes to know the specifications against, him which I am unable to give. The other man, Colonel Scott, cannot be found, as there is no such officer yet come in.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 16, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

The arrest of Colonels Wheeler and Scott was ordered in consequence of the following telegram, which contains the specifications and which you will have put in proper shape trial by court-martial.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

