
the commission of crimes unauthorized by civilized warfare, but this you deny. If you and your men come in, surrender, and receive paroles, you will be allowed to go to your homes and remain unmolested, but this will not exempt you from punishment for anything you may have done not authorized by civilized warfare. If your letter is truthful, you will incur no hazard in delivering yourself up.

Yours, respectfully,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 76. Memphis, Tenn., May 16, 1865.

* * * *

II. The detachment of the First Brigade, Cavalry Division, District of West Tennessee, Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, commanding, will, with their camp and garrison equipage, proceed to join the detachment now on duty on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. One regiment will be sent each day, on account of lack of sufficient transportation. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By order of Colonel J. P. C. Shanks:

E. J. MEYERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 16, 1865-12.55 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Mobile:

Your telegram of May 7 in regard to the Legislature of Alabama and the organization of a state government has been received and submitted to the President. He directs me to say that your course in abstaining from interference in any political or civil matters meets his approval. All political subjects belong exclusively to him for adjustment, and he will take such action from time to time as he may deem most conducive to the peace and interests of the Government. You will prevent by force the assemblage of any persons assuming to act a Legislature, and to exercise any civil or political authority, jurisdiction, or right claimed by, through, or under the rebel Confederacy or the rebel State government. If any persons to be members of the Legislature shall presume to meet together, you will arrest and imprison them and report the facts to this Department for the orders of the President. He also directs that you arrest and imprison Moore, the person lately claiming to act as Governor of the State of Alabama, and keep him confined in a secure military prison, to abide such action as the President shall deem proper to take. The President is much pleased with the view which you have taken of your own powers, and duties, and hopes that the disposition of the people of Alabama will soon admit the thorough re establishment of the authority of the Federal Government and the restoration of the laws within that State.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

