
requires considerable repair. The company are repairing it as fast as they can with the limited means at their command. The bridge across the Mulberry river at Plantersville will it is expected, be completed by Friday next. The other bridge across the Mulberry, twelve miles from here, has three spans of 120 each, with no material this end of the road to build it. Therefore we have to wait the completion of the bridge at Plantersville before the material is procured. Furthermore, there is only one engine and a few cars, all out of repair, on that road. The other engines, five in number, are on the road between here and Demopolis, which we are using on that road. There is a bridge on that road over Valley Creek, about one mile from the city, which is being rebuilt. As soon as completed the cars can be transferred to the Tennessee road. The country toward Talladega is poor and thickly settled, being principally a ming and region, and much destitution exists. It is all-important that the railroad from there be completed at once as, from what I can learn, it is doubtful if the cavalry force at Talladega can subsist themselves there long. And to that end I again urge the importance of sending me my pioneer corps at once. I will send in a few days a report of the coal mines and quantity of coal on hand at the different mines, for the benefit of the quartermaster's for the benefit of the quartermaster's department. I have applied for a depot quartermaster to be sent here in place of Captain Lunt, relieved for inefficiency. I have also applied for an assistant superintendent of freedmen. The care of the numbers that are flocking her is getting a serious one. In fact if looks very dark, I must say. The troops at Demopolis an Meridian have been instructed to look-out for the reported specie train. Considerable disturbance and excitement exist among the plantations and some few acts of violence. A battalion of cavalry would be of great service to me in the preservation of order.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Selma, Ala., May 16, 1865.

Colonel L. F. HUBBARD,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: I am instructed to request you to leave one regiment at Uniontown as a garrison to that place and a protection to the surrounding country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., May 16, 1865.

General NEWTON,

Commanding at Key West, Fal.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that any transport passing Saint Mark's going in the direction of Mobile be ordered to take the paroled rebel officers and men at this point on board and carry them to that point. These officers are left without the means of subsisting here, and as I have no means either to their homes or subsisting them here, it places me in a most embarrassing position.

It is best for the public service that some mode of transportation be

