
reported the fact by telegraph. Colonel Pritchards' party is beyond my reach, but as he is ordered to go via Fortress Monroe, you can send him such instructions as you may think proper for the disposition of Mr. Stephens. Please notify Governor Brownlow that his archives are here and will be turned over to any agent of the State he may send for them. D. L. Yulee, J. W. Baker, M. D. Papy and E. C. Live, citizens of Florida, desire to visit Washington for the purpose of conferring with the Executive in regard to the re-establishment of the relations of Florida with the loyal States. Shall I allow them to pass through my lines for that purpose? General McCook reports from Tallahassee the surrender of all the troops and fortresses in Florida and that the people are well pleased at the aspect of affairs.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, May 17, 1765-1 p. m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

The quartermaster's department says that there is plenty of forage at Port Royal and all available means are in operation to get it to you. Major Thomas, assistant quartermaster, Department of the South, leaves New York to-day with funds, and on your requisition will supply your temporary wants. Send your estimate for funds to Quartermaster-General and funds will be forwarded you. You will remain with that part of your command that is to be left in Georgia. General Thomas has been so instructed. Whatever infantry force, in addition to the cavalry left with you, may be required to garrison what you . See that a competent officer has command of the force returned to the Tennessee River.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., May 17, 1865.-10 a. m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Pursuant to the order of General Grant of date of yesterday, a copy of which was sent you direct from Washington, the major-general commanding department directs that you march with that portion of your command not to be left in Georgia to Chattanooga, following the line of the railroad. The quartermasters' department has been notified to place forage and subsistence at proper points.

WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, May 17, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have just received a copy of an order directing me to leave a force of 4,000 men to garrison such places as I think necessary, and to move

