
with the balance of the corps to the Tennessee River. Permit me to suggest that 1,000 infantry here and 1,000 at Atlanta would be ample, with what is already at Augusta, to protect and preserve order throughout Georgia. Cannot this force be furnished from General Steedman's command, or by General Grover, now at Augusta, so that the entire corps may leave the State together? This is no country for stock, and therefore the Government cannot well afford to keep cavalry here. Please send me orders on these and other points. It will be some days before I can begin the movement, as my command is now scattered throughout this State and Florida. It will be impossible to supply a command of any size by the rivers of Georgia. The railroad is the only safe dependence.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 17, 1865-4 p. m.

General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

In carrying out the order directing me to march to the Tennessee River, it will be necessary to have a depot of grain at the Eatowah. Please let me know when I begin the movement, with the assurance of finding necessary supplies along the road. If there is any certainty that Croxton will be appointed military governor I can leave his entire command with him, as they are all veterans, except the Eighth Iowa, whose term expires in eighteen months. It seems to me this one brigade of 2,000 men will be ample force even if no infantry is sent, and with 2,000 infantry, as I suggested in my dispatch of to-day, there is no necessity for any of my command in the State.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 17, 1865-11 p. m.

Major-General WILSON,

Macon:

The lieutenant-general-in-chief directs that you remain with the portion of your force left in Georgia. The following is the dispatch referred to in my dispatch of yesterday.*

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 17, 1865.

General J. H. WILSON,

Macon:

Arrest and send under guard to this place Joel A. Battle, treasurer of Tennessee; G. C. Tobett, president Bank of Tennessee; J. A. fisher, cashier Bank of Tennessee; James T. Dunlap, comptroller of State treasury, Tennessee; J. E. Rary, former secretary of State; V. K. Stevenson, president of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and all other officers of that road. Governor Brownlow has knowledge

---------------

*See Rawlins to Thomas, May 16, 11 a. m., p. 798.

---------------

