
that the assets have been changed to Confederate bonds, and the proposition made by the officers of the bank is only adding insult to injury.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Emory Upton, Augusta, Ga.)

WASHINGTON, May 17, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

Your telegram of the 11th received. Orders and policy are to spend no money on railroad repairs in rebellious States, except where absolutely necessary to supply posts and garrisons. The quartermaster's department is not authorizd to expend its appropriation to benefit the State, but only for military necessities. I have ordered hay now afloat to go to Savannah Your boats will take it up the river. We have abundance of forage afloat.

M. C. MEIGS,

Brevet Major-General and Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C ., May 17, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cav. Corps, Mil, Div. of the Mississippi, Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: By direction of the three regiments of colored infantry organized and equipped by you from refugees in the States of Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia will be known and designated, respectively, as the One hundred ant thirty-sixth, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and thirty-eighth Regiments U. S. Colored Troops. You will please forward to this office without unnecessary delay the names of the officers provisionally appointed to the regiments mentioned, in order that the appointments may be confirmed in order from this office and appointments by the President in the usual form forwarded to the officers interested. In forwarding the names as above directed, you will please state distinctly the rank and regiment to which each is appointed, their former military including rank, company, and regiment, and whether they have been discharged from former service and mustered in as officers. If discharged and mustered in you will please give the dates.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General CROXTON,

Commanding First Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you take immediate steps to concentrate your division at Macon. Those

