
portions north of Macon can be ordered to assemble at points on the railroad between Macon and Atlanta. This concentration has in view the early departure of the Cavalry Corps from Georgia.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, May 17, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

I leave to-night with assets and goods belonging to Bank of Tennessee and its branches. One box containing $60,000 has been abstracted. The cashier's name is mentioned in the transaction. He has absconded and cannot be found. I take all the troops with me. Please relieve Lieutenant Guernsey, acting quartermaster for the corps. He is much needed with his company. There is a commissary for the corps who attends to subsistence stores. Will be in Atlanta to-morrow morning. Please send dispatch to Lieutenant Guernsey, as I shall be en route before your reply is received.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.

P. S.-The train will not leave for two hours. Can you not answer so that he can go to-night? Will the assets, &amp;c., be sent forward from Atlanta immediately?

E. U.

ATLANTA, GA., May 17, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Your dispatch received. Will you please send me at once written authority to either contract for the trestle over the Chattahoochee, or give me power to guarantee the parties who may be employed payment if it should be done?

Yours,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

ATLANTA, GA., May 17, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Macon, Ga.:

I have the honor to report that the work on the railroad is progressing as rapidly as is possible under the circumstances. If we had 500 axes I could promise almost anything. There were some at Columbus. If there now, could they not be procured? I think we could build the trestle over the Chattahoochee without making any contract, in, say, twenty days and in manner which would be much the cheapest to the government. This would, in my opinion be as soon as the road bed will be completed to the Eatowah River, and in order to progress with any rapidity on this track we must have axes to get out cross-ties. I am doing all I can, but am not satisfied with our progress, though I know we can do no more with our present limited means. The regi-

52 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

