
ment now arriving I am sending over the Chattahoochee and will work them at once. We have no difficulty in straightening iron. Will you please give me instructions about his bridge, and if I am to contract please send me written orders concerning it.

Your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS COLORED TROOPS, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Macon, Ga., May 17, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the organization of the colored troops under my command and their march from Selma, Ala.,to this place:

On or about the 6th day of April, 1865, at Selma, Ala., orders were received from headquarters Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, authorizing each division commander to recruit one colored regiment, and in compliance with such orders Colonel R. H. G. Minty, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps, directed me to take charge of and organize the regiment of his division.

On the morning of the 7th of April I commenced recruiting, and by night had succeeded in enlisting over 500 negroes. Eight men were detailed from the division to take charge of the men as they were organized into companies.

The 8th was spent in examining those I had enlisted the day before. Captain W. G. Young, Ninety-eighth Illinois; Doctor Biggs, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry; L. C. Remington, Fourth Michigan acting adjutant, reported to assist me in my work. On that night I received orders to cross the Alabama River, but a break in pontoon, bridge prevented, and I returned to the barracks, where I had previously been encamped.

On the 9th we drilled some in order to have the regiment so we could move out in some order when we received orders to do so. On that night we crossed the river and moved out three miles on the Montgomery road, and camped near the division for the night. Next morning Lieute. C. L. Connor, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, reported to me for duty. Moved at 10 a. m. and marched twenty miles, camping near Brandon.

On the 11th 1 moved out again about noon in advance of train. The roads being very bad, I employed my men in working the road in order to facilitate the passage of the train. Distance marched was twenty miles.

On the 12th I received orders to march in rear of the train, which necessitated, a late start but by marching late at night we were enabled to make a march of twenty miles. The colored regiment of the Fourth Division reported tome on the evening of the 12th, numbering about 500 men.

On the 13th I reached Montgomery, and camped four miles east on the Columbus, Ga., road, having marched fifteen miles.

On the morning of the 14th I procured about 100 Mississippi rifles, but could get no ammunition. Moved about noon and marched late at night, making twenty-five miles. The colored regiment of the First Division reported to me this day, numbering about 400 men.

