HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,May 17, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch is just received by telegraph from Resaca, Ga.:

MAY 17, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH:

A courier just arrived that he left Atlanta on Sunday that Jeff. Davis took the train same day for Augusta. Will advise you if he comes through here.

H. F. SICKLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., May 17, 1865.

Brig . General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the surrender of Brigadier General B. J. Hill, C. S. Army, and his forces to me on Yesterday. I was surprised by the appearance of General Hill at the outposts, which was explained by him upon a personal interview as follows: My arrangement to receive his surrender at Villanow, on 20th instant, was subject to whatever modification unforeseen circumstances might necessitate, with the proviso that I should receive timely notification of any change. He sent me two communications, the first of which was probably received at Kingston, on the 14th, subsequent to my departure for Dalton, and apprising me that he had determined to send 450 of his command, who lived in Alabama, to Huntsville for surrender at that point, 150 residents of Georgia to Kingston, and to come with the remainder (Tennesseeans) to this point, numbering about 75. The later were paroled shortly after their arrival and have left for their homes. General Hill proceeds to his own,, McMinnville, to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., May 16, 1865.

I hereby surrender myself and the officers an men of my command to Brigadier General H. M. Judah, U. S. Volunteers, upon the following terms, namely:

First. Rolls of all the officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy to be given to an officer to be designated by Brigadier-General Judah, commanding the District of the Etowah, the other to be retained by such Confederate officer, as I may designate.

Second. The officers to give their individual paroles to not take up arms against the Government, of the United States until properly exchanged and each company, battalion, or regimental commander to sign a like prole of the men under his command.

Third. The arms an public property to be stacked and parked and to be turned over to an officer too be named by Brigadier-General Judah

