
to receive them. This will not embrace the side-arms of the officers nor their private horses or baggage.

Fourth. This done, the officers and men will be allowed to return to their homes, not to be disturbed by the U. S. authority so long as they preserve their parole and obey the laws which were in force previous to January 1, 1861, where they reside.

B. J. HILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EATOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., May 16, 1865.

I hereby accept the surrender of Brigadier General B. J. Hill and his command upon the above terms.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, May 17, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

McNairy and 8 officers and 48 men surrendered to Major Nulton to-day and were paroled. They surrendered about 20 inferior guns and some old pistols, and 10 poor horses and equipments.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, May 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. ARMY:

This day a man by the name of A. S. Hendricks, one of the worst guerrillas and murderers who has infested the country, came in and reported to me, having surrendered and been paroled at Chattanooga under your late order relating to armed bands, and has come this far on his way to his home in Franklin . He in company with Rogers, whom you recently ordered me to treat as an outlaw, during the Hood raid shot and mortally wounded William Chasteen, captain of my scouts, while in his house at supper after night, and tried to kill his brother, Elijah Chasteen, who since was captain of scouts, and was killed by Rogers and others on the 6th instant, Hendricks shooting Chasteen through the crack of his door. Shall I permit him to go home, or will you permit me to treat him as an outlaw?

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, MAY 17, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPLE,

Chief of Staff:

There are 998 enlisted men and 73 officers in Govan's command at Greeneville.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

