
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 39. Knoxville, Tenn., May 17, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Davis Tilson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland.

II. Bvt. Major General Charles Cruft, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with paragraph I, Special Field Orders, Numbers 122, from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, is hereby assigned to the command of the Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENEVILLE, May 17, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In Palmer's brigade (rebel) there are 1,512 men and 124 officers. In Govan's brigade there are 998 men and 73 officers.

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 17, 1865-6.25 p. m.

Major-General PALMER,

Louisville, Ky.:

The subject referred to in your telegram of May 6 has bee under the consideration of the President and Cabinet. An early determination is expected, of which you will be promptly notified.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PADUCAH, KY., May 17, 1865.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

SIR: The following resolutions were unanimously adopted at an immense mass-meeting held in this city yesterday in the market square. At least 2,500 persons were present and strong speeches were made in support of the resolutions by prominent Union men, and the greatest enthusiasm prevailed. Similar meetings are being held in every town in the district:

Resolved, That we brand with the stamp, of our most indignant reprobation the representation by which General Meredith's removal is said to have been effected. We denounce the Kentuckians, or others, concerned in making them as utterly unworthy of belief, as opposed to the return of permanent peace and order in this district and in the country at large, and as the worst of all enemies against which the cause of this Union and of its present admirable administration has to contend.

Resolved, That we deem this an eminently appropriate occasion for renewing the earnest expressions of our gratitude to General Meredith for his vigorous policy and successful efforts in enforcing in this district the wise and magnanimous policy of our National Government for the suppression of the rebellion and we respectful implore His Excellency President Johnson, in whose judgment and purpose we feel unlimited confidence, to reinstate and continue him in command until he shall have finished his noble work, which, under the dedication of his great energies and influence, already a glorious completion.

