
Resolved, That while still lamenting the loss of our late excellent Chief Magistrate, we hail in President Johnson a worthy successor, and pledge to him our most loyal and zealous support.

Resolved. That the proceedings of this meeting be forwarded to the President of the United States and Associated Press of the country.

The proceedings of the meeting will be forwarded immediately. The President is urgently requested to take immediate action on the above resolutions, requesting that General Meredith be retained in command of this district.

JOS. J. HUSBAND,

Chairman.

J. N. BEADLES,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF GRENADA, May 17, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,Commanding District of West Tennessee:

On my arrival here General Wright telegraphed to Jackson asking if he should turn over to my quartermaster the C. S. property. Colonel Young, provost-marshal-general, Department of Mississippi, replied that he would be were himself with a quartermaster on Monday or Tuesday to receive property. On same day I received a telegram from a quartermaster at Meridian that was authorized by General Canby to receive property;wished no one to interfere with it. Under these circumstances, and being in Generals Dana's and Canby's department, the property has not been turned over to my quartermaster, but he has collected it as much as possible and I now have it under guard. A great amount was stolen before my arrival by soldiers an citizens, and with the exception of some transportation have not been able to recover it. Since my arrival here everything is very quiet. The commissioners will be here to-night from Jackson to parole. I am on the track of some guerrillas some distance from here, and if captured and convicted, will deal with them to extent of the law. The steamer Sharp was, from reliable information, pressed into the C. S. service. The owners of the boat made every effort and once succeeded in clearing her, but it was afterward taken by force from them by the C. S. authorities. The boat is now some distance below here. I await your orders.

OTTO FUNKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 17, 1865-11.30 p.m. (Received 19th.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Mr. Frank C. Whitthorne goes to Macon, Ga., to-morrow morning to receive from the officer or agents in charge of the same, all the archives and $600,000 in coin, belonging, to the State of Tennessee, to be conveyed under his charge to the capital of the State of Tennessee,to be conveyed under his charge to the capital of the State. I have furnished him with a pass and safe-conduct within and through my lines, and directed that be furnished with all necessary facilities and escorts. I have to request that like instructions be given of officers, within the limits of your command, in order that his important mission may be conducted speedily and safely.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

