
Eufaula is a good deal better stream, and has in it four or five good boats. I have telegraphed to General Canby to send forage to Apalachicola whence I can bring it to Eufaula. In the meantime, under the sanction of General Thomas, I am working on Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad. I have 3,000 negroes and can do the work very cheaply. I regard the road as the only safe and reliable route of supplies and therefore indispensable. Have two regiments at Tallahassee. Shall I leave there or will they be relieved by infantry from Jacksonville after the balance of my command is concentrated and moved to the Tennessee? I can supply remainder until railroad is opened. Movement will commence at once. I would respectfully suggest that an agent of the Treasury Department be sent here for the purpose of gathering the C. S. A. cotton scattered throughout the State.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 18, 1865-4.30 p. m.

General J. H. WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

You can use captured money in your hands for the purchase of supplies, turning it over to the proper disbursing officer to pay out. Muster in your colored regiments. There will be no necessity for repairing the Atlanta railroad. All your communications will be by sea.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MACON, May 18, 1865-1.30 p.m.

(Received 1 p. m. 22nd.)

General THOMAS:

Telegram of 10 a. m. yesterday received. As soon as command can be concentrated of that ordered to the Tennessee will begin. I am ordered to remain here. If that which goes to the Tennessee is to be mustered out, I can, make up new division of the veterans under Upton, Croxton, Alexander, and Winslow, or La Grange. Shall I do so? Please answer immediately, in order that I may make necessary changes.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ATLANTA, May 18, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT:

The pontoon bridge over the Chattahooche was finished last night.

E. B. CARLING,

Chief of Quartermaster.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 18, 1865.

Authority is hereby granted to Mr. J. B. Griffin to take possession of and fence in the lands used by the so-called Confederate States of America as a prison and grave-yard for U. S. soldiers at Andersonville,

