SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., CAV. CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 31. Clear Creek Falls, Ala., March 25, 1865.

This division will move to-morrow as follows: The First Brigade at 5.30 a. m. via either Bartonville or Old Warrior Town, taking the most practicable road to the point of the crossing of the road leading from Hanby's Mills to Elyton over the Locust Fork of the Black Warrior, in the vicinity of which point it will encamp on the evening of the 27th instant. General Winslow will communicate with these headquarters at Democrat at noon on the same day. The Second Brigade, with Battery I, Fourth Artillery, and the train, will move at 5.45 a. m. via Jasper toward Democrat. The commanding officer of Second Brigade is charged with the proper guarding of the train. He will see that the roads are put in a suitable condition for moving it.

By order of Brevet Major-General Upton:

JAMES W. LATTA,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, Numbers 1. Collierville, Tenn., March 25, 1865.

In assuming command of the cavalry forces on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, occasion is taken to remind the troops that they are now in a country regarded by the Government as conquered; that a loyal State organization exists and the inhabitants are under the protection of the Union forces. It is therefore expected that all good soldiers will conduct themselves so as to give no just cause of offense. The fact that the good name of the cavalry is at stake ought to be sufficient inducement to good behavior, but if further is needed it will be found in the fact that the commanding general has ordered all damages done to be assessed against the depredators when discovered; and in cases where no discovery is made, against the whole force. Commanders of regiments will adopt every precaution against straggling. All stragglers will be reported at these headquarters to be placed at work upon the railroad. This order will be read at the head of every company of the command.

By order of Colonel H. Davis:

I. CONROE,

Lieutenant, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

DECATUR, [March] 25, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Since arrival here I have ascertained almost positively that reports of General Doolittle and Colonel Conrad that Forrest's force is in the valley is a mistake. A few only of his men have been scouting, probably conscripting. One brigade only of Roddey's this side of Moulton, not to exceed 650, scattered, conscripting, murdering, burning cotton and houses of Union men. Roddey himself has gone to Tuscaloosa with most of his force. My scouts returned from the mountains bringing request from Union men and deserters that they may be enlisted for one year to serve in Alabama. One or two companies might be formed and attached to First Alabama Cavalry. Forrest reported at West Point, Miss., on 17th; his forces near there and Meridian about 5,000,

