HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Franklin, Tenn., May 18, 1865.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General District of Middle Tennessee:

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from district headquarters I have the honor to report that I left Franklin, Tenn., on the 15th under flag of truce with an escort of fifty men belonging to the Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry and proceeded to the house of Gabriel Maybury, in Hickman County, Tenn., for the purpose of receiving the surrender of Captains Duvall, McNairy, Cross, and Miller, who were chiefs of guerrilla bands in that vicinity. I arrived at Maybury's about 11 a. m. on the 16th instant and shortly after my arrival I received a note from McNairy, requesting me to inform him upon what terms he could surrender himself and command, also requesting me to designate a place at which to have a personal interview. I wrote him that the same terms accorded to Lee by General Grant would be extended to him, and designated the proposition to meet at Mr. Dean's, and at 1 o'clock the interview took place. After he fully and they were at once paroled by Lieutenant Bracken, assistant provost marshal Department of the Cumberland. The command consisted of three captains, five lieutenants, and forty-eight men. I would take occasion to state that they had undoubtedly made some preparations for the surrender, from the fact that they had eight horses, fourteen saddles, and twenty-one old muskets, carbines, and pistols to turn over. They claimed to belong to the Confederate army, and had an order from General Forrest to organize a battalion for his command. McNairy and Cross expressed a desire to leave the United States, but said they would do all they could, while they remained, to restore peace said they would do all they could, while they remained, to restore peace to the country.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. NULTON,

Major Sixty-first Illinois Infantry, Commanding at Franklin.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 10. Greeneville, Tenn., May 18, 1865.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 39, current series, headquarters District of East Tennessee, the undersigned assumes command of the Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland. The following staff officers are announced: Bvt. Major John A. Wright, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George W. Marshall, assistant quartermaster. The staff officers now on duty at these headquarters, except the adjutant and quartermaster, will be continued until further orders.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 18, 1865. (Received 9.20 p. m. 22nd.)

SECRETARY OF WAR, Washington, D. C.:

Many of the officers who have lately surrendered in this command have applied for permission to leave the country. Can this be allowed; and, if it, under what conditions and limitations?

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

