
every officer and soldier of this command, the colonel commanding hereby calls upon them all to manifest their appreciation of his great and undying services for his country; of his noble efforts in the cause of freedom and humanity; of his great worth as a man, and of his noble qualities as a just and wise ruler of the nation through this her most imminent peril, her hardest trial, and great suffering, in an enduring manner worthy of him and creditable t themselves. An association, of which Senator Harlan, of Iowa, is president and Jay Cooke &amp; Co. the financial agents, has ben formed, and is now known as the "Lincoln Monument Association." Its title sufficiently explains the objects, and aims of the association. The U. S. colored troops, above all classes of men, must carry love and veneration of Mr. Lincoln's memory in their hearts. They owe freedom, justice, consideration fame and every other blessing they and their kindred enjoy to him above all other men. He has been the redeemer of the colored race in this country, and his name must be as sacred on their lips as that of making's Redeemer. The colonel commanding feels convinced that the colored men will embrace this meager opportunity to testify their love, admiration, and gratitude for the noble man and the wise ruler whose loss we mourn. Company and regimental commanders are requested to received to receive subscriptions for the Lincoln monument. A list of the subscribers will be kept by company and regimental commanders for transmittal to Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co., together with the funds received. It is suggested that no subscriptions from enlisted men be received to exceed $10. Arrangements will be made at these headquarters for the safe transmission of the funds to Washington free of any charge. This order will be read and explained to every regiment in this command at the first dress-parade after its reception.

By order of Colonel L. L. Zulavsky:

GEORGE MAHAFFEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY FORCES,MILITARY DIVISION, OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Black Warrior, May 18, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Forces:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I crossed the river with one regimental last evening. The remainder of my command I had to encamp in the swamps on the other side, owing to the late hour of my arrival at the river, caused by the innumerable halts of the brigade preceding, me which I could, see no necessity whatever, other than to pillage the houses on the road, which was done indiscriminately by that command. I had no forage last night, but have found a sufficient quantity on this side for my command. I desire time this morning to feed after I get the command on this side of the river.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

