
point you will put your command encamp at a suitable place, and await orders for further movement. You will cause your transportation, with the twenty-day's rations designated to supply the garrison at Brookhaven, Miss., to be packed and ready for movement to Washington when the movement of the troops from that place is ordered. The troops will be provided with five days' rations, which they will carry on their persons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 19, 1865.-For Special Orders, Numbers 243, Headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-General's Office, directing General Nelson A. Miles to proceed to Fort Monroe, Va., &amp;c., see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 1176.]

WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The inclosed makes it appear that Brown, of Georgia, surrendered the militia of that State and himself as commander in-chief thereof to General Wilson and was paroled.* If the call for the meeting of the Georgia Legislature was subsequent to his parole, I suppose there can be no doubt but that he stands liable to arrest for violation of his parole. Otherwise, is it not obligatory upon the Government to observe their part of the contract? I would not advise authorizing him to go back to Georgia now under any circumstances, but I do not think a paroled officer is subject to arrest so long as he observes his parole without giving him notice first that he is absolved from further observance of it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 19, 1865-3.35 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

You will please proceed immediately to Fortress Monroe and take charge of Jeff. Davis and the prisoners that have come by the Clyde. Instructions will be forwarded you there. Please advise me when you start and what hour you will reach there.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 19, 1865-3.40 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

You will please proceed to Fortress Monroe immediately and take charge of Jefferson Davis and the other prisoners on the steamer Clyde.

---------------

*Inclosure referred to is probably Wilson to Stanton, may 9, 4.20 p. m., p. 680.

---------------

