
you will imprison Davis and Clay securely in fortress Monroe, detailing Colonel Pritchard and his force as special guards until further order. Send Stephens and Reagan to Fort Warren, by sea in a gunboat that will be furnished by the Navy Department. Send Wheeler and staff, Colonel Lubbock, and Colonel Johnson, Davis' aides, to Fort Delaware, also in a gun-boat to be Johnston, Davis' aides, to 'Fort Delaware, also in a gun-boat to be furnished, by the Navy Department. Send Harrison, secretary of Davis, to Washington, and the remainder of male prisoners to Fort McHenry, in the Clyde, under convoy. The women and children, constituting the family of Davis, and Mrs. Clay, are not prisoners, and you will send them, and any other females in the company, to such place of places in the South where we have transports going as they may elect. Do not permit them to come North or remain at Fort Monroe or Norfolk. You will take measures to prevent any one from visiting or holding communication with Davis or Clay verbally or in writing and establish such rules and orders as will secure the prisoners. Place sufficient force at Fortress Monroe to secure against surprise, attack, or any effort at rescue or escape.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 19, 1865.

(Received 8.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Orders about Fort Monroe received too late to pass obstructions to-night. Will start at daylight to-morrow morning and reach Fort Monroe by 12 m.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865-4.30 p. m.

(Received 20th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Hold the Fourth Corps subject to orders from General Sheridan. If you can spare other troops, especially cavalry hold them ready too receive orders from same quarter. You have, I believe, a regiment of mounted engineers which I should like to go with Sheridan if possible to spare them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 19, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Govan's rebel brigade is now in East Tennessee en route to Arkansas and Texas, where the men belong. The brigade numbers about 1,100, and it is better to send it to Arkansas in a body than have it straggling across the country, but the orders of the Quartermaster General to the officers of his department forbid furnishing transportation to paroled prisoners wher any expense is incurred by so doing.

