
I request special authority to send them and others, if necessary, by steamer from here to the nearest point to their destination.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

MOUND CITY, May 19, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. ARMY:

If there is no military necessity for continuing naval expense of four gun-boats about Mussel Shoals, Navy Department wishes them dismounted and turned over to quartermaster's department.

Your opinion wanted.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanidng Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,May 19, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor respectfully to request the promotion of Brigadier General Samuel Beatty, U. S. Volunteers, to the rank of major-general, U. S. Volunteers, by brevet, for long and faithful service in the field, and for distinguished and gallant conduct in action. General Beatty participated with his command (the First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps) throughout the entire Chattanooga campaign, and in the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20, 1863, in which engagement his troops bravely bore their part in the bloody strife. Upon reorganizing the army subsequently at Chattanooga, General Beatty was placed in command of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, and with it took an active part in the battle of Missiou Ridge, in which action he displayed marked personal gallantry, and handled his command with much skill and ability. In the winter campaign immediately succeeding in East Tennessee, General Beatty with his brigade also took part, and in the spring of 1864 the brigade, as a portion of the Fourth Army Corps, entered upon the campaign Atlanta and took and active part in that great movement, being engaged in most of the skirmishes and battles, in all of which both the general commanding the brigade and the troops composing it were conspicuous for their bravery and the hearty and successful performance of every duty assigned them. Closely following the enemy in his movements upon our communications, and afterward actively engaged in opposing the progress of the rebel army into Tennessee, General Beatty was, with his brigade, a participator in all the defensive operations of the army, and at the battle of franklin again displayed much military spirit and ability in keeping the enemy at bay and finally and finally and successfully repelling all his assaults. General Beatty assumed the command of the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, December 3, 1864, and continued to direct its movements and operations during the investment of Nashville by the rebel army in the battle in front of Nashville, and the subsequent pursuit of Hood and his demoralized army to the Tennessee River, and up to March, 1865; more especially in the battles before Nashville was General Beatty conspicuous for his unceasing personal attention to the strict

