
under Chalmers and Jackson. Colonel Patterson temporarily absent making speeches in opposition to Governor Brown. Information just received from woman at picket-line, whom our scout says is reliable, that a cavalry force of ours, which the rebels estimate at 3,000, is at Sugar, five miles from Moulton, and that Roddey's courier-line is removed.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major B. H. Polk.)

LOUISVILLE, March 25, 1865.

(Received 1 a. m. 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I need horses very badly. All that are received here go south. Will you authorize me to have at least 1,000 purchased?

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., March 25, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the Secretary of War that the Eighth Colored Artillery be removed from this department, and I am very anxious that it should be done. It is in a very bad condition, and change may do it good. The only difficulty in the way is the want of troops to take its place. I have but little infantry and less cavalry. Can any regiment be spared me for Western Kentucky? I presume all the new regiments have passed through from the North. Please call the attention of General Thomas to this subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, March 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: Your letter dated yesterday was just now handed me by Mr. Noble who also carries this answer. The general commanding the army approves your suggestion in regard to the shipping of rations, forage, ammunition, &amp; c. You will please have everything ordered to be loaded aboard steam-boats ready to start at short notice to any point in the bay which may be designated hereafter. The army is about leaving camp now (8 a. m.), and it is expected that we will reach the bay by to-morrow noon. The Raven with 200 head of cattle is not reported in yet, but preparations are made to receive them and drive them with the army. They are well needed, as the country affords no foraging of any kind. General Knipe was instructed yesterday to apply to you for transportation for all such trains which he cannot take by land. You will treat these articles also as you suggested. Have them loaded and

