
that place. We are greatly pressed just now for light-draft seagoing vessels, but I think I will be able to keep up the supply to any extent that you may need. Let me know what kind of supplies you want and the quantity of each.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MACON, May 19, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Your telegram of to-day is received. I shall want supplies of long forage and grain for 6,000 animals till further notice. A portion of my command is going to the Tennessee River, and will be supplied from the North. Rations will be obtained in the country.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 19, 1865.

Major General J. H. WILSON:

General Braxton Bragg was irregularly paroled on the 10th instant by an officer of General Stoneman's command on Yellow River. When paroled he promised to report to you to Macon without delay. Has he yet reported? The last definite information of him was that he was resting at Indian Springs. Please answer.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

MACON, May 19, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Bragg has not reported to me, or have I have I heard anything of him.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865.

Major HUBBARD,

Twelfth Missouri:

MAJOR: I inclose an order for you to proceed to the cavalry depot at Edgefield, then to report to your division commander by letter for orders.* The brevet major-general commanding desires you to lay the bridge over the Eatowah, using the pontoons captured from the enemy. The original bridge train you will take with you to Chattanooga and turn over to the engineer department at that place. Under existing circumstances it is probable that your connection with the Cavalry Corps and the service will soon be dissolved, and the brevet major-general desires to express his high appreciation of your services during the campaign and wishes for your future success.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

