SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 83. Macon. Ga., May 19, 1865.

* * * *

IV. Major Hubbard, Twelfth Cavalry, in charge of pontoon train, will proceed with his battalion to the cavalry depot at Edgefield, Tenn., as soon as he has completed the bridge over the Etowah River. Major Hubbard will turn over the bridge train of the Cavalry Corps to the engineer department at Chattanooga. Upon his arrival at Edgefield, Major Hubbard will report by letter to his division commander for orders. The brevet major-general returns hi shanks to Major Hubbard, his officers and men, for their faithful and zealous discharge of the duties assigned them. During a long and arduous march every order was obeyed with cheerfulness and alacrity. this is another proof, among the many during the present campaign, that good soldiers are fit for anything. Major Hubbard may ever look back with pride upon the successful bridging of the Alabama River as one of the most important operations during the campaign of the Cavalry Corps in Alabama and Georgia.

V. Captain H. E. Noyes, Second U. S. Cavalry, aide-de-camp to Brevet Major-General Wilson will proceed without delay to Washington City, D. C., to turn over to the War Department twenty-four stand of colors and records of the Andersonville Prison, captured from the enemy during the recent campaign of the Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, in Alabama and Georgia. Captain Noyes will take with him seven enlisted men of the Fourth U. S. Captain as a guard for the colors, records, and one prisoner.

* * * *

by command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., may 19, 1865.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: Your letter of May 16 and copies of correspondence [received]. The brevet major-general is pleased with the manner in which you have discharged the duties intrusted you, and directs that you turn over all captured property to General Vogdes and rejoin your command at this place without delay. The brevet major-general also desires that you will have 300 head of beef-cattle driven up to Albany to be shipped to this place for the troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, May 19, 1865.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff, Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of your orders of 1st relative to the leaders of the late rebellion,

