
and respectfully report that every precaution was taken to prevent the escape of those persons from this portion of the coast, and I will continue to use every exertion to foil any attempt to escape in this direction of those remaining at large. I have, however, no mounted cavalry to patrol the country with, and would respectfully apply for the return of the mounted detachment of the Second maine and First Florida Cavalry, which, if well, informed,were left by Major-General Steele at Montgomery, Ala., with Major-General Smith's command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, May 19, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

I have received no answer to dispatches sent from here. The command can march without suffering to Resaca where there is forage. I will call in all detachments to-day and will be ready to march Sunday morning. Could start to-morrow morning but wish to send the pioneers ahead to bridge the Eatowah. Shall I relieve Enggleston as post commandant of Atlanta? There ought to be troops here all the time to guard the public property. Shall the colored organization march with the division? There are three veteran regiments in the division. Some one should be sent to take charge of the railroad when Winslow leaves.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Your telegrams of yesterday are just received. You are directed to retain in your custody the special, books, property, and persons alluded to in your dispatch, particularly Battle and Dunlap, whom you were ordered to arrest. The archives of the State of Tennessee are here and will be held to the orders of Governor Brownlow. I wish Winslow to push operations on the railroad, but would prefer all work to be done by the troops rather than by contract. Make no movement till I see you. Come down at once. Send to Washington for all valuable public stores and have them stored at Atlanta.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 19, 1865.

Brevet Major-General UPTON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Atlanta, Ga.:

Do not make any arrangements to move your command. Leave everything as it is for the present. General Wilson desires to see you at headquarters without delay.

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

