
and they are worked under military control, they cannot be used to our disadvantage, and I recommend that they be permitted, on the approval of the military authorities, to introduce from the North such stock and material as may by required to put these lines in complete working order.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION. FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 67. Mobile, Ala., May 19, 1865.

* * * *

7. The Fiftieth Indiana Veteran Infantry is hereby transferred from the Second Brigade, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, and assigned to the Third Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, with a view to its consolidation with the Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Infantry. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation from this city to Montgomery, Ala.

* * * *

9. The Eighty-sixth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry is hereby transferred the First Brigade of the division commanded by Brigadier General John P. Hawkins, and ordered to report to Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith, commanding District of South Alabama, to form a part of the garrison at Fort Morgan, Ala. All officers and enlisted men on detached service will at once be ordered to join the regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

10. The Eighty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry is hereby transferred from the First Brigade of the division commanded by Brigadier General John P. Hawkins, and will form a part of the garrison assigned to the new military post at Apalachicola, Fla. All officers and enlisted men on detached service will at once be ordered to join the regiment. The commanding officer will, as soon as his regiment and the One hundred and sixty-first New York volunteers are ready for embarkation, report in person to these headquarters.

11. The One hundred and sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry is hereby transferred from the Third Brigade, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, and will form a part of the garrison assigned to the new military post at Apalachicola, Fla. All officers and men on detached service will at once be ordered to join the regiment. The commanding officer will, as soon as his regiment and Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry are ready for embarkation, report in person at these headquarters.

12. A military post will be established at Apalachicola, Fla., to command the harbor the month of the Apalachicola River and the surrounding country, and to protect all public property that may be collected at that place. The post will be attached to the District of West Florida and the troops selected for this purpose are the One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteer Infantry and the Eighty- second U. S. Colored officer will, on his way from this city stop at Barrancas, Fla., and report for detailed instructions to Brigadier General A. Asboth, commanding District of West Florida.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

