
convoy from Hilton head to this place), and an interview with Lieutenant-Colonel Pritchard, who commands a guard on board consisting of five officers and seventy men, which he considers sufficient for the completely security of Jeff. Davis and party. I offered him a guard from my command, which he will send for if needed. Admiral Radford has just informed, me that he has ordered two vessels of war to lie near the Clyde, and has in addition and armed tug near the Tuscarora which can get under way at any moment and run down any boat that may excite suspicious.

JOS. ROBERTS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., may 20, 1865-6 p.m. (Received 11.30 p. m.)

President A. JOHNSON:

I have received your telegram of yesterday and will start for Washington on Tuesday next, which is the very earliest time I can leave here consistent with my duties.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 20, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: On referring to General Wilsons dispatch of May 6, in relation to the action of Governor Brown, I find it as follows.*

On the 7th of May General Wilson was instructed to arrest Governor Brown and send him to Washington for the act specified in the above named telegram. I will refer the question as to how far the parole operates to the Attorney-General. It seems tome that his political actions, in assuming the functions of Governor, are not covered by his military parole as commander-in-chief of the State militia.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 20, 1865.

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would respectfully recommend the appointment by brevet of Brigadier General Z. B. Tower to the rank of major-general of volunteers for past service. He has been recommended by General Pope and General Thomas, both, for full portion, I understand, and as he was badly wounded in General Pope's campaign, thus being unable to take the field again, I would advise this recognition.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Wilson to Stanton, May 6, p. 628, the extract ending with the sentence:" Please send me instructions in the case."

---------------

