
MACON, May 20, 1865.

General THOMAS:

There is some complaint of Palmer's command by the people, and as there is nothing else for them to do, I would suggest that they be ordered back to East Tennessee, or at least out of the State. After investigation I find I can retain nine or ten excellent veteran regiments from our three division, from which, after the non-veterans are discharged, there will be 4,000 splendid troops.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 20, 1865-9 a. m.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of the 17th is received. We cannot depend upon the Savannah and Ocmulgee Rivers for supplies. The Chattachoochee is some better. I have made arrangements to deliver forage for us at Apalachicola, whence I can bring it to Eufaula. In the meantime, under the sanction of General Thomas and the necessities of the case, I am working on the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad. I can repair the entire road with but little expense to the Government, and in three months from the earnings will pay for al the labor at full prices. I do not think this a violation of the policy indicated.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MARIANNA, FLA., May 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General McCOOK:

The raiders, under a man by the name of Pittman, who was styled a lieutenant, made a demonstration upon Campbellton on Wednesday last; numbers about 100. They were met by some forty armed citizens at the above place, but no collision. The raiders retired to their homes, learning they would be fought, with promises to be quiet. I am inclined to the opinion that nothing further is to be apprehended.

G. S. HAWKINS.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 20, 1865.

All non-veteran regiments, including the Chicago Board of Trade Battery, of this command, will be in readiness to move to the rear on Monday morning, 22nd instant. Further orders will be issued on the subject.

By command of Colonel R. H. G. Minty:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EASTPORT, May 20, 1865.

Major-General THOMAS:

I learn there is a large quantity of Confederate corn between Tupelo and West Point at various places. Can measures be taken to have it

