
PADUCAH, May 20, 1865.

(Received 2.50 p.m.)

His Excellency A. JOHNSON:

SIR: We, the ministers of the various churches in this city, do most earnestly the restoration of Brigadier-General Meredith to his command. The interests of the Government, morality, and good order most urgently demand it. It is also due to his eminent service in this department.

EDWARD C. SLATER,

Of the Methodist Church.

J. F. BROWN,

Of the Christian Church.

R. L. McELREE,

Cumberland Presbyterian Church.

J. F. HENDRICKS,

Pastor Presbyterian Church.

F. A. J. ANY,

Episcopal Church.

EMINENCE, KY., May 20, 1865.

Captain E. B. HARLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Louisville:

There is no trouble at Shelbyville, nor will there be.

H. M. BUCKLEY,

Colonel Fifty-fourth Kentucky.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 20, 1865.

Captain D. L. RILEY,

Second Wisconsin Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed with the fifty men and three wagons on the Hernando road so far as Hernando, making a careful examination of the immediate neighborhood of that town, with a view to its fitness for brigade headquarters. Good water, good grazing, and timber furnishing proper shade and shelter for camps are essential for the health and comfort of men and the comfort of horses. Report to me particularly on these points. Should you discover any armed rebel soldiers or bushwhackers, they are outlawed by General Washburn's orders, and you will treat them as outlaws. You are aware that under the laws of war men outlawed by military orders are not made prisoners. I wish you to return by the lower Panola road, observing the tone and temper of the inhabitants, treating them with kindness, and repressing all marauding on them or their property. But should you find with them armed soldiers or bushwhackers, you will treat such soldiers and bushwhackers as outlaws and bring in as prisoners all persons who have harbored them. You will allow Mrs. Swearingen to bring in your wagons such bales of cotton as she may have in Hernando or on the lower Panola road and give her protection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

