
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 68. Mobile, Ala., May 20, 1865.

4. A depot for paroled Confederate prisoners of war whose homes are in the State of Missouri will be established at Demopolis, Ala., where all such prisoners have the privilege of being cared for until the Government has decided upon permitting them to return to Missouri. Brigadier-General Cockrell, C. S. Army, will proceed to Demopolis and consult with the commanding officer at that place as to the selection of the camp, the probable number for which provision will have to be made, and the most practicable mode of supplying them. On his way to and from Demopolis General Cockrell is authorized to stop at Jackson, Miss., or any other points within the limits of this command, to inform Missourians of the above arrangements, and to take measures to collect all such as desire to avail themselves of this privilege. The supply departments will furnish the necessary transportation, quarters, subsistence, and clothing on the requisition of the commanding officer at Demopolis, Ala.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 20, 1865.

The president and directors of the Alabama and Florida Railroad Company, of Florida (extending from Pensacola to the State line of Florida and Alabama), will be put in possession of the offices, depots, locomotives rolling-stock, and all other material and property pertaining to said road, so far as they may be under the control of the U. S.military authorities within the limits of this command, and are authorized to put the said road in working order and to run under the regulations established by the said president and directory on such conditions as may be imposed by military authority; but this order will not be constructed as determining any question of private interests that may be involved in this property or as barring or restraining any legal proceedings that may hereafter be instituted against third company.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copies furnished Brigadier-General Asboth and Lieutenant-Colonel Sawtelle for information.)

NEW ORLEANS, May 20, 1865.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Mobile:

Allow all cotton to be brought forward without any military restrictions, and furnish every facility that can be given consistently with the requirements and interests of the service. There will be no more search for Confederate cotton.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

