
at this post: Lieutenant-Colonel Gere, Fifth Minnesota Infantry, who was sent here on the 17th instant, found everything in much confusion. The Confederate officers whom he relieved of the charge of the public property had been unable to protect it from plunder, and but little of value was left at the time of Colonel Gere's arrival. All the public animals excepting eight mules had been stolen-generally taken off by Confederate soldiers living at a distance. There was originally upward of 200 head of horses and mules at this post. The Confederate officers who were in charge of the property aver that they used every effort possible to save the same, but that their guard was insufficient and altogether disinclined to do its duty. I have found here ten pieces of artillery, nearly all dismounted, a few muskets, some wagons and harness, a considerable quantity of material for the manufacture of wagons, an assortment of blacksmith's, wagon-makers', and saddlers, tools, and a small supply of commissary stores. There are within a few miles of Demopolis nearly 1,000 head of Confederate beef-cattle in the hands of planters, who are charged with their custody for the purpose of pasturage. From the books of the Confederate cotton agent at this point I learn there are something more than 10,000 bales of Government cotton on plantations within from five to twenty miles of Demopolis. Much of it, however, will require to be rebaled before it can be moved. I might employ a considerable gang of negroes on that work if the material for baling be supplied, and have so notified the authorities at Mobile. The hegira of negroes from plantations in the country adjacent has been considerable, but the case has not yet become unmanageable. The people hereabouts are fearfully rebellious, and indicate a purpose to remain so. They accept the situation under very strong protest, and give compliance to existing regulations with mental reservation in every case. The Fifth Minnesota, Eleventh Missouri, and Forty-seventh Illinois Regiments are at Demopolis, the Ninth Minnesota at Marion, and the Eighth Wisconsin at Uniontown. I have received no report from either Colonels Marsh or Britton regarding the situation within their respective commands.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 19. Demopolis, Ala., May 20, 1865.

Regimental commanders of this brigade are expected to exercise that degree of vigilance necessary to restrain the evil-disposed among their men from depredating and committing excesses upon citizens of the country. The most vigorous measures must be adopted to prevent lawlessness and outrage. If a proper degree of restraint cannot otherwise be secured, a strong guard will be posted around each regimental camp, and no soldier allowed to pass its limits except upon duty, or by special permission. The men must not be permitted to absent themselves at pleasure from camp and straggle at will about the country. The rules of discipline must be enforced, and the routine of duties rigidly observed. No soldier will be permitted to enter the house or yards of any citizen except by permission of an officer nor allowed more than a mile from camp except with the written permission of his regimental commander. The roll-calls prescribed in General Orders, No. 17, from these headquarters, will be observed, and every unauthorized absentee

