
required to answer for the offense. Rigid rules are necessary to restrain the few bad men who embrace every opportunity to bring discredit upon themselves and their comrades. The good soldier will therefore readily submit to a severer discipline that the command may be saved from reproach.

By order of Colonel L. F. Hubbard:

W. W. CLELAND,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, No. 13. Near Mobile, Ala., May 20, 1865.

I. In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 38, extract III, dated headquarters First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, May 19, 1865, the undersigned assumes command of this brigade.

II. The following-named officers are hereby announced on the staff of the colonel commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain Walter W. Kelley, Sixty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, First Lieutenant S. H. Ingham, Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant George Mahaffey, Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant George D. Crandal, Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, aide-de-camp.

F. M. CRANDAL,

Colonel Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Columbus, Miss., May 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in obedience to orders from Major General A. J. Smith, the arrival of my command, except two regiments and a detachment, at this point. The Second New York Cavalry was sent from Montgomery to garrison Talladega, Ala., and on my route here I detached the Second Illinois to proceed to Tuscaloosa, and a detachment to proceed north as far as Pikeville, Ala., with a view of intercepting a train said to have crossed the Coosa River about the 14th, going west. I will relieve the infantry detachment at this point and have them leave on the train in the morning. My command is in fair condition, but needs rest, and I respectfully request that I be allowed to remain here for a sufficient time to refit it. I also request that measures be taken to have the command paid immediately, as a portion of it has not received pay for twelve months. We are also very anxious to receive mails. The following are the regiments for which mails should be sent to this point: Second New Jersey Cavalry, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, Tenth Indiana Cavalry, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, Second Illinois Cavalry, First Louisiana Cavalry, Fourteenth Ohio Battery, Second Massachusetts Battery. There is no operator here except a rebel. I would like one sent immediately; Robinson if possible. A large number of negroes have followed my command to this point. I desire instructions as regards the disposition

