
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 21, 1865-11 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

A great part of Sherman's troops will be sent west, so that you will be able to draw from them to replace the men you will lose by discharge. The Fourth Corps with the other troops assigned to Sheridan will make infantry enough for him. Cavalry is all he will be deficient in. The cavalry horses returning from Georgia will not likely be fit for service in time to serve his purpose, hence the order to send them into Kentucky to recruit. If you have other cavalry that can be spared I would like to have it held in readiness and replace it with infantry, or as much of that returning from Georgia as you deem necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 21, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

All the cavalry belonging to my command left behind in Tennessee when operations commenced in the spring was dismounted. General Johnson has one division at Pulaski with only a few mounted men now who are constantly occupied hunting up guerrillas and patrolling the country to preserve quiet. General Hatch is in the same condition as Johnson, but I could replace him with an infantry command, if he could get horses, as the cavalry now in Memphis will be strong enough to patrol North Mississippi, North Alabama, and West Tennessee, but the Fourth Corps and Hatch's cavalry should be paid before taking the field, as they have received no pay for eight months.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 21, 1865.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Louisville, Ky.:

I learn incidentally that Jeff. Davis was forwarded by way of Savannah, therefore no special train will be required at Parkersburg, Va.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 21, 1865-10.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 10.30 a.m. and 1 and 4 p.m. of the 19th are received. I have been trying to arrest Tombs for two weeks, but he has so far succeeded in eluding my men. I hope to catch him yet, unless he has left the State. Cobb is at home on simple parole as a prisoner of war, and as matter of course pledged to report whenever ordered to do so. An officer of my staff will start for him immediately.

