
One of my provost-marshals has been investigating the Davis matter some time. There is no doubt of the fact that he received the news of the assassination while at Charlotte, and that it was announced from the stand on which he had spoken, but Colonel Kitchell has not yet obtained any evidence of exultation on his part. The investigation will be continued as directed.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., May 21, 1865-9 p.m.

Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Please report whether any papers were captured with Davis, and what became of them. If they were secured, send them here under seal by special messenger or guard.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MACON, GA., May 21, 1865-8 a.m.

(Received 9.30 a.m. 24th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington:

Your telegram of 4.30 p.m. 18th is received. The Atlanta road is State property, and has been used against Government since the beginning of the war. It is therefore confiscable under the law. If permitted to do so I can take possession of it, and with the means at hand repair it in forty days and in ninety days pay off all costs of repairs, and make it a handsome source of revenue to the Government. Thinking that this would meet your sanction, and fearing that the rivers of Georgia would fail us toward midsummer. I have already begun repairs and constructed the track northward to the Chattahoochee. Am doing all of the work by my own troops. With your permission to proceed, I will continue operations, keeping accurate accounts of expenditures, so that quartermaster's department shall be repaid at the earliest day possible. The earnings of this road, it being the only direct communication with the North, will be very considerable, while it will benefit us and the people more than anything that we can do. Without it we shall have trouble to supply the corps. I shall carry out instructions at once in regard to my negro regiments.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 21, 1865.

General THOMAS:

I shall send General Upton to the Tennessee in command of that part of the corps returning, but wish him to rejoin me as soon as possible. Please let me know if the non-veteran regiments are to be mustered out. I have about ten regiments of veterans here, which will make up the force of 4,000 men I am directed to retain. I would also like to know what is to be done with Hatch's and Johnson's divisions.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

