
Madison, Quincy, Lake City, Saint Mark's Bainbridge, Monticallo, and Thomasville, bringing them all together at Albany. I do not expect to reach there before the last of the week. It gratifies me to know that my course here meets the approval of the general commanding, as I have certainly labored hard to execute my orders in a manner which will best subserve the interests of the service and accomplish the objects for which I was ordered here. Please attend to Colonel Gibbs' case at once and forward instructions. It may save him a long ride.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Tallahassee, Fla., May 21, 1865.

Rev. W. J. ELLIS,

Pastor Saint John's Church, Tallahassee:

SIR: I would call your attention to the fact in your religious services to-day you omitted the usual prayer for the President of the United States. Although it may be inconsistent with your personal feelings to offer this prayer, yet as is part of the formula prescribed by the bench of bishops, and as many who may probably hereafter worship with your congregation will desire the privilege of praying for their President, I must request that in future you either include this customary prayer or the church be closed. I heard you this morning solemnly ask the Lord to deliver us from hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness; from all sedition, privy conspiracy, and rebellion. If you were since in these petitions offered to Heaven, with the assent of your congregation, did you think how much you might be promoting hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness, sedition, and rebellion by omitting a prayer which your church has prescribed, and which now, more than ever, all good men who have the peace of their country at heart should cheerfully offer. I should think your own sense of Christian propriety might have suggested that as the professed vice-gerent of Him who taught peace on earth and good will toward men, you are in duty bound to soothe any feeling of irritation existing in your community, instead of endeavoring to keep it alive by so unwise and unchristian a course as you pursued this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 21, 1865.

Colonel HOWLAND,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The non-veteran portion of your command, including the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, will be in readiness to move on Tuesday, 23rd instant. Captain Shoemaker has been notified to be in readiness.

By command of Colonel R. H. G. Minty:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

