SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 6TH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, No. 104. Pulaski, Tenn., May 21, 1865.

* * * *

II. Captain Deford, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, will march to-morrow morning for the neighborhood of Shoal Creek, where and in the region to the west of Shoal Creek will patrol for the purpose of hunting down numerous outlaws who infest that country. All these villains who have been engaged in the recent horrible murders in that vicinity will be treated as outlaws. After the 1st of June all organized parties of armed men consorting together will be regarded as outlaws in the same way and exterminate accordingly; and in pursuing these men Captain Deford will not regard himself as restricted by any territorial limits. In the execution of these powers, however, the greatest discretion must be exercised that the innocent may not suffer in lieu of the guilty. Captain Deford will use the greatest diligence and vigilance to restrain his men from the pillage of peaceable citizens or from revenging any supposed private wrongs or grudges, remembering that his mission is to protect all those citizens who, by their present conduct and known character, give reliable assurance of an intention to conduct themselves as peaceable and loyal men in the future, and to give to these opportunity to re establish the authority of civil law. One wagon will be taken, transporting fifteen days' rations and such camp equipage as may be absolutely necessary. Forage he will secure in the country from those who are best to spare it, avoiding the oppression of poor people. Indiscriminate plunder will not be permitted. At the end of this mouth Captain Deford will communicate to these headquarters his operations and whereabouts, and will end to regimental headquarters the monthly return of his company.

By command of Brigadier General R. W. Johnson:

E. T. WELLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, May 21, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville:

Send on Gowan's brigade. Preparations will be completed by the time they arrive.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 21, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN, Knoxville:

The pursuit of Davis and company having been pushed as far as it could, and Davis being captured, you can now recall all your cavalry to Knoxville, and post it according to your judgment, with a view to conveniently forage the animals and to preserve quiet in the district. I am gratified to express to you my high appreciation of the services rendered by your command in the recent campaign. It had its due influence in precipitating the complete downfall of the rebellion, and the surrender of both Lee's and Johnston's armies.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

