
proceed to morrow morning by daylight to Barrancas, there to report to General Asboth and await the arrival of the balance of the troops destined for Apalachicola. Your own regiments and the portion of the One hundred and sixty-first that may be left behind will go on the Belvidere and such other steamer or steamers as the quartermaster's department may deem it necessary to provide, and you are requested to make every preparation, in order that the embarkation of the troops can take place the moment the steamers are ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Columbus, Miss., May 21, 1865.

Colonel G. M. L. JOHNSON,

Commanding Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will proceed with your command by the most direct and practicable route to Macon, Miss. You will send a detachment along the railroad to ascertain if there are any Government supplies at or near the vicinity of the different stations between here and there. Should there prove to be anything worth while, you will leave a sufficient force at the different points to guard the stores until they can be removed. Upon your arrival at Macon you will relieve the infantry guard at that point and take possession of such Government stores as may be found at Macon and in the vicinity. You will communicate your arrival to these headquarters by telegraph and send a full statement of the amount and kind of stores at Macon, and between here and there. You will enforce the strictest discipline in your command, and cause proper vouchers to be given for all supplies which it may be necessary to take for use of your command. You will render your tri-monthly reports to Colonel Karge headquarters as usual.

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, May 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I am just informed by the district provost-marshal that a convention is intended by some of the people of West Florida, to meet on the 24th instant at Pensacola City, with the view of taking preliminary steps for the organization of civil affairs, and would respectfully request the commanding general's instructions for my guidance. I consider the movement precipitate and lacking proper leaders, the prominent actor being ex-Captain Wolfe, discharged some six months ago from the Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry for he good of the service.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

