HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Fort Monroe, May 21, 1865.

Colonel PRITCHARD,

Stemaer Clyde:

COLONEL: No persons will be allowed to approach the Clyde except under the orders of Brevet Major-General Miles and superior authority. Hereafter no person outside will be permitted to communicate verbally or in writing with your prisoners, nor will any person on board be permitted to communicate with outsiders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 22, 1865. (Received 12.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The president and directors of the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad Company have asked that the railroad and all rolling-stock, &amp;c., belonging to the company, now under the control of the United States, be restored to them. Am I authorized to restore their property and road?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

May 22, 1865.

Honorable JAMES R. HOOD,

House of Representatives, Legislature of the State of Tennessee:

SIR: Your note of this date inclosing the following telegram from the President of the United States, and propounding certain questions suggested by the contents of said telegram, has just been received:

WASHINGTON, May 21, 1865-1.50 p.m.

JAMES R. HOOD,

House of Representatives:

General Thomas will furnish whatever number of troops that may be necessary to the defense of the State. Confer with him on the subject. The enrollment and organization of the militia should be carried out so that they can be called upon if actually needed.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

To your first question, whether you would feel yourself authorized, if called upon by the Governor of the State or the loyal people of any particular portion thereof, to order a sufficient number of the troops under your command to any given point, for the purpose of giving aid and assistance in insuring peace and quiet and by endeavoring to capture and properly punish all persons operating in armed hostility to the State or the National Government, I answer that I am prepared to assist the civil authorities in every part of the State, both by securing the officers from personal violence when in the execution of their office in holding courts, &c., and in assisting them to capture and bring to trial all persons who offer armed hostility to the State or National Government, and will so assist the civil authorities of the State as long as the National Government affords me the means of doing go.

