
To your second question, whether the experience of the past has shown to you that in times of peace full compensation in money has been made to the citizens near a post where parts of the Federal army have been stationed or sent for articles purchased of them for their use and support, instead of the present system of vouchers based upon other conditions than that of property being taken, and whether citizens were not pleased with troops being stationed near to them because of that fact, I answer that in times of peace all purchases made of citizens in the vicinity of posts are paid for at once when the purchasing officer has funds to pay. When he has not the funds to pay, vouchers payable to the seller without any conditions appended are given to him, which vouchers he can dispose of in my manner he pleases, and they are invariably paid at their face value by any proper disbursing officer of the department making the purchase when he has funds to do so.

To your third question, whether whilst in command of troops in the State of Texas the Federal commanders did not find that the money thus distributed through the State was of decided advantage in developing the resources of such parts of the State where they were located, I answer that wherever troops were stationed in Texas on the frontier that settlers immediately congregated in the vicinity of those stations, and in that way the settlements were advanced throughout the State more than 150 miles during the period comprised between the close of the Mexican war and the year 1861.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

MACON, GA., May 22, 1865-8.30 a.m.

(Received 10 a.m. 24th.)

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

What numbers shall I give to my colored regiments in mustering them in? The impression has got out among some of my troops that they are to be mustered out, and is producing a bad effect. Please let me know what policy has been or will be adopted in regard to this. I have ten regiments of veterans which I am retaining in the State. If our old organization is to be broken up I will organize them into one good division.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, May 22, 1865.

(Received 24th.)

Major-General THOMAS:

General Upton will proceed to Chattanooga in charge of that part of the corps ordered there. I have retained ten veteran regiments. I shall muster General Alexander, as colonel of one of the negro regiments, and put him in command of the brigade. I have ordered General Upton to return here as soon as possible to take command of the veteran division, with Croxton, Winslow, and La Grange commanding brigades. La Grange and Minty ought to be promoted. Their regiments are non-veterans, and will consequently be mustered out. If we are to have an army left, we cannot afford to lose these two men. The

