
brigade detached. If the transfer is permanent it is important they be returned to their regiment. What extent of territory in neighborhood of my troops do you wish me to command?

EDWARD HATCH,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Eastport, Miss.:

I did not understand by the orders I received from Washington that the brigade was permanently detached from your command. You will exercise command over as much territory surrounding your post as you can control, by threats, to the bad, and encouragement to the good and law-abiding citizens. Report the strength of your present command and the number of horses you have as soon as you can.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Huntsville, May 22, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

GENERAL: As soon as the cavalry arrives I will occupy Courtland and Moulton, at which points forage can readily be furnished them. Inasmuch as the country will then be occupied, and the people are really very needy, I would recommend that the lines be extended, so that supplies not contraband of war can be furnished the inhabitants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 22, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

No civil officer of any of the counties in your district who is not undoubtedly loyal to the United States Government will be permitted to exercise the functions of his office. No one is eligible to office unless he has taken the oath of allegiance to the United States, and his neighbors can testify under oath that is loyal to the Government of the United States. No one is entitled to vote until he has taken the oath of allegiance to the United States. Your instructions to your various post commanders are judicious and approved. Require them to live up to them strictly. You must effect what can with Merrill's regiment until he can be re-enforced by more cavalry. Your arrangement about the paroled prisoners' horses is approved. All paroled prisoners are responsible to the civil law for any facts they have heretofore committed against the same and for which they have not been punished.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

