
KNOXVILLE, May 22, 1865.

(Received 25th.)

General THOMAS:

Your telegram received with many thanks. Miller's and Brown's cavalry brigades ordered in some days' ago via the Hiawassee or Little Tennessee River. I have but one regiment, the Third North Carolina, now in the mountains, and that has been ordered to Greeneville. I will send you a report as soon as I get report of General Palmer, which he informs me is on the way.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, May 22, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN:

GENERAL: I sent a full dispatch of recent operations to you from Guntersville, but the courier being informed that you were not in Knoxville took it to General Thomas' headquarters at Nashville. I received at Guntersville on Saturday your orders to bring my command to Knoxville, and subsequently an order from General Thomas directing me to report with my staff and the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry at Nashville, to superintend the muster out of that regiment. I have sent orders to General Brown to march with his two brigades from South Carolina to Knoxville, via Hiawassee or Little Tennessee, and to send couriers at once to you to notify you where and when he would strike the railroad. The Twelfth Ohio and Tenth Michigan are marching to Bridgeport, Ala. The Twelfth will arrive there to-morrow evening; the Tenth Michigan probably not until Sunday next. This brigade is in very good condition except as regards clothing. The Fifteenth Pennsylvania will reach Huntsville on Saturday next. I shall send a staff officer to Knoxville to morrow to communicate with you more fully, and to bring here all officers and men of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry who may be in your district or at Chattanooga. Will you please have them relieved from the duty they are now on.

W. J. PALMER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, May 22, 1865.

Major G. M. BASCOM:

The train with prisoners ran off a small bridge west of Flat Creek. Send wagons. A number are killed and many hurt.

W. W. DEANE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, No. 58. Memphis, Tenn., May 22, 1865.

I. The terms of surrender of the armies of General Lee, General J. E. Johnston, and General R. Taylor, require all soldiers claiming the benefit, of the right of parole, to bring in their arms, accouterments, and public horses and deliver them up in good faith to the military commanders where they report themselves. All surrenders in evasion or contravention of the terms stipulated by these generals and Federal

