
commanders are in violation of the laws of war, nullify the protection of parole, will subject the offenders to trial by military commission, deprive them of the President's amnesty, and involve them in the severest penalties of the laws of war.

II. It is enjoined on cavalry commanders within this district to see that Confederate soldiers who have surrendered and been paroled have complied with the cartel of their generals by the delivery of their arms and all other property of Confederate authorities in their possession; and to arrest and send into these headquarters for trial any Confederate soldier who shall be found with arms in his possession or other public property issued to him by the Confederate Government, or who may have surrendered in bad faith in any other particular.

By order of Major General C. C. Wahburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKADE,

Off Mobile, May 22, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, Hdqrs. at Mobile:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that my latest advices from Key West represent the rebel ram Stonewall at Havana on the 17th, short of men, and watched by the U. S. steamer Powhatan and a gun-boat.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding West Gulf Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 55. New Orleans, La., May 22, 1865.

I. The terms of the surrender agreed upon by Lieutenant-General Taylor and Major-General Canby on the 4th instant includes all officers and soldiers of the Confederate armies serving within the limits of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, and all such persons within the limits of this division who have not been paroled by reason of having been absent from the appointed places of rendezvous will report themselves to the commander of the nearest U. S. military post, surrender the arms and other public property that may be in their possession, and give their paroles. Failing to do this within the next thirty days they will be arrested and sent North as prisoners of war. Commanders of military posts to whom these parties report themselves will give the paroles and passes as authorized by the terms of surrender. A register of the paroles, giving the name, rank, and regiment of the persons paroled and date of the parole, will be kept, and one copy of it transmitted to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters on the last day of each month.

II. The following extract from Special Orders, No. 215, from the Headquarters of the Army, is published for general information, and commanders of military posts within the limits of this command are authorized to administer the oath of allegiance to persons coming under the provisions of the order, and to give them passes to return to their homes. The fact that the oath has been administered and the date of administering it will be indorsed on the pass. A register of

