
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MILITARY OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 7. Columbus, Miss., May 22, 1865.

For the purpose maintaining order in Columbus and vicinity during its occupation by the U. S. forces the following rules will be observed:

I. Officers and soldiers of this command will not interfere with the property of citizens. Any violation of this will be pusnihed with the utmost severity.

II. Soldiers will not be allowed to enter the city except upon passes from regimental commanders, approved by the brigade commanders, and no soldier will be allowed to use his horse or wear his arms except when upon duty.

III. Citizens will resume their peaceful avocations, but will refrain from collecting in crowds and engaging in discussions upon the streets.

IV. Citizens are forbidden to enter into any trade with soldiers for horses, mules, arms, or other Government property, and where soldiers attempt to sell or trade, citizens will confer a favor by identifying the parties and reporting them to the provost-marshal. Captain R. D. Mitchell, Second New Jersey Cavalry, is announced as provost-marshal, to whom all complaint will be made. A sufficient provost guard has been organized to insure order and quiet.

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, May 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have to report that the so-called Legislature of this State met here on the 20th instant. After receiving your dispatch dated 20th instant I found them upon the eve of adjournment. To avoid any excitement I did not interfere, as they expressly stated to me that they did not meet as a legislature, but as a committee of public safety. They passed three acts, viz: First, to call a convention; second, to send three commissioners to Washington to confer with the President and learn what was necessary to bring the State back to the Union; third, to deplore the death of our late President. The commissioners appointed are the oldest and most ultra-Union men in the State. Upon the adjournment of the Legislature I immediately notified Governor Clark that I could not recognize the civil government of Mississippi, and, having placed the officers of the heads of the State departments under guard, demanded the custody of the public books, papers, and property, and the executive mansion, appointing Monday, 22nd instant, at 9 a.m., for their delivery. At 9 a.m. Governor Clark delivered to me all public property of the State under protest, but without asking to have force employed. I have designated an officer as commissioner to receive from the heads of the State departments with inventory, and with certificates of completeness, the archives of the State and to seal the same to-day at 12 m.

E. D. OSBAND,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

