
FORT MONROE, May 22, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MILES,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: At 1 p.m. you will proceed to bring Messrs. Davis and Clay from the Clyde to the Engineer Wharf; thence through the battery to their prisons in the fort. The detachment of Maine troops will remain on the Clyde in charge of the persons left on board. The remainder of Colonel Pritchard's command will accompany the prisoners ashore. After the prisoners are placed in their rooms, all their necessary linen and clothing will be brought ashore and placed under your charge, to be issued only as required. Such servants on the Clyde as do not wish to return South will to-morrow, after being thoroughly searched and all papers secured, be sent to Norfolk and discharged. As soon as the Clyde can be locaded and supplies she will be sent with the women, children, and servants who may desire to go South to Savannah, Ga. Also such paroled prisoners as the vessel can conveniently carry who may desire to go to that place. The detachment of Maine troops after reaching Savannah will rejoin their regiment. The remainder of Colonel Pritchard's detachment will remain under your command till further orders. No one will be permitted to communicate with the passenger of the Clyde after the prisoners leave until the vessel sails, and the baggage, rooms, beds, and persons of the passengers who remain will be thoroughly searched and all papers retained. After the Clyde leaves here the ladies and children will be under no restraints, and on reaching Savannah will be left at perfect liberty. On the voyage the ranking military officer will employ his guards so as to preserve good order on board.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Fort Monroe, May 22, 1865.

Colonel PRITCHARD,

Steamer Clyde:

COLONEL: Please deliver to Lieutenant-Commander Reed, of the Pawtuxet, all your prisoners, except Mr. Davis and Mr. Clay and Mr. Harrison. The women, children, and servants are not regarded as prisoners, but will remain on board till further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 22, 1865-9 a.m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

Reagan, late rebel Postmaster, and Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia, have, by direction of the President, been sent to Fort Warren, to be imprisoned there. The President directs that you take measure for their separate and secure imprisonment and prevent all

56 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

