
communication with them, verbally or by writing. That you proceed to Fort Warren and inspect the arrangements and establish such regulations as may be proper for the security of the prison, its proper guard and police, and make full report. Allow no communication with the prisoners in transit to the prison, and if the rebel officers there endanger the security of the prison transfer them to Fort Lafayette. Please acknowledge these instructions and give them your immediate attention.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., May 23, 1865-2 p.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I forward for the information of the Treasury Department the following telegram, just received from General Wilson.*

G. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 23, 1865-9.10 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I want General Wilson to remain in Georgia, which State I contemplate giving him command of. He will require some cavalry, and I shall send him some infantry from here to enable him to carry out orders for mustering out troops whose time expires before the 1st of October. If he can send about 5,000 of his cavalry to the Mississippi River they will be available for General Sheridan. He might also send about 2,000 to South Carolina. Those retained in the South should all be men whose time will not expire before the 1st of October. Regiments can be consolidated, putting men from the same State together, and those sent home to be mustered out can be attached to regiments returning North. He should move in this matter at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to Major-General Wilson, Macon, Ga.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., May 23, 1865-11 a.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Have heard from General Wilson that he has received the order to leave 4,000 of his command in Georgia and come to Tennessee with the balance. He thinks 4,000 infantry posted at Atlanta and Macon will be able to preserve order in Georgia. He seems very desirous to retain his entire cavalry force, and in consideration of his own personal gallantry

---------------

* See Wilson to Thomas, May 22, p.871.

---------------

