
and ability, together with the efficient condition of his command and the eminent services lately performed by this body of heroes, I am disposed, if it meets with your approbation, to let him join General Sheridan with the three divisions he now has with him and send him Hatch's division as soon as General Pope can dispense with the brigade ordered to report to him at Louisville under orders from your headquarters of the 6th instant. I think I will have a sufficient cavalry force remaining to preserve order in my command. Should you approve of the above arrangement I would suggest that General Wilson be directed to move to Mobile rather than in this direction, if General Sheridan is to go to Texas, as stated in the newspapers.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Wilson, Macon, Ga.)

MACON, GA., May 23, 1865-3.30 p.m.

(Received 8 a.m. 24th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of 10.30 p.m. of the 21st is just received. No papers of any kind were taken from Davis, but every man of his party, except one, and all the baggage of himself and attendants, were secured, and are now in the hands of Colonel Pritchard, who is ordered to keep them under strict guard until they are delivered to you.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 23, 1865-11 a.m.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

I have just telegraphed Lieutenant-General Grant about your command, stating what force you deem sufficient to preserve order in Georgia. I have heard nothing of Croxton's appointment as military governor but what you say in your telegram of 4 p.m. May 17. Have you received any orders yet disposing of the three regiments of negro troops organized by your?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, No. 87. Macon, Ga., May 23, 1865.

* * * *

VI. In pursuance of instructions from the Secretary of War, Captain G. H. Kneeland, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp, will proceed with a guard of twelve men to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, and deliver over to the commanding officer of that post Howell Cobb, major-general, late C. S. Army; S. R. Mallory, Secretary of the Navy, late Confederate States of America, and B. H. Hill, late Senator

