
CHATTANOOGA, May 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Seventeen hundred and forty-eight sacks of corn have been turned over by Captain Carling, assistant quartermaster, to Lieutenant Sturtevant, acting assistant quartermaster, First Brigade, Second Separate Division, Army of the Cumberland, at Resaca, for issue. I am informed that much of this corn must spoil before consumed. If not needed for General Wilson's command, as I infer is the case, I desire authority to make a judicious gratuitous issue of a portion to destitute citizens for planting purposes and for need. And if granted, to be extended to similar deposits should they have been made at Kingston and Cartersville.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

RESACA, GA., May 23, 1865.

Captain H. OFFICER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have learned that two Federal soldiers were killed this morning early, near Calhoun, by rebels paroled. Two boys who witnessed the killing reported it to me. I have sent detachment under Major Bush to look after the matter. There is much excitement among citizens because those returning guerrillas threaten all Union men, and thus fear to remain at home.

H. F. SICKLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 23, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

The Tenth Michigan and Twelfth Ohio Cavalry have been ordered to East Tennessee; General Palmer to this place with Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be mustered out of service.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

STANFORD, KY., May 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

My men have returned from Somerset and vicinity. I have reliable information to the effect that a band of guerrillas robbed the citizens of many horses, &c., at or near Williamsburg and left, going in direction of Knoxville. Many depredations are being committed near the Tennessee line, southeast of Monticello, by citizen guerrillas. No subsistence for man or horse can be procured in that country.

J. H. BRIDGEWATER,

Major.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 8. Mobile, Ala., May 23, 1865.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, No. 67, headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, current series, transferring the One

