
hundred and sixty-first New York Infantry to another command, Captain S. A. Walling, One hundred and sixty-first New York Infantry Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters, and will rejoin his regiment for duty.

II. The commanding officer of this brigade takes the occasion to express his thanks to Captain Walling for his faithful and unceasing labors for the interests of this command and his battery appreciation of his integrity of character, prompt business qualifications, and the uniformly kind and courteous of this officer in his official and social relations.

III. Captain D. M. Baker, Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, and will be respected accordingly.

LOREN KENT,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 23, 1865. (Received 9.20 a.m.)

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Montgomery:

Brevet Brigadier-General Osband, commanding at Jackson, reports that the important papers of the land office and the high court of the State of Mississippi are at Montgomery, where they were in possession of Colonel Watts. Please have these records sent under guard to Jackson, that they may be placed together with other public papers of the State of Mississippi.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, May 23, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Please to have the following order* inserted in all the newspapers within the limits of your command and use every other means of publicity at your disposal. The ordinary number of printed copies will be sent in due course.

By order:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Montgomery, Ala., May 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in obedience to orders, for the information of the major-general commanding the division, that forage sufficient for this command cannot be obtained in the country adjacent to Montgomery without discommoding or harassing the people. Commissary

---------------

* See General Orders, No. 55, Military Division of West Mississippi, May 22, p.876.

---------------

