
stores are also very scarce. I will have to depend entirely on Mobile, Ala., for supplies for my command at this point.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SELMA, ALA., May 23, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Montgomery, Ala.:

We have about 700 bushels corn on hand. Have sent orders to Demopolis and Uniontown to collect and send in all they can procure. I am making arrangements to send corn out on the Talladega Railroad. It is reported there are about 10,000 starving people in the mountainous country that will require assistance.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, May 23, 1865.

Captain SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In the absence of special authority to arrest him, I have given Governor Clark permission to return to his residence at Macon, Miss., upon his parole of honor to report at any place to which he may be ordered to answer any charges that may be preferred against him.

VAN E. YOUNG,

Colonel, Commanding Post of Jackson.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Columbus, Miss., May 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The following is the present organization of this command: Second Brigade, Colonel Joseph Karge commanding-Second New Jersey Cavalry, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, Fourteenth Ohio Battery. Third Brigade, Brigadier General T. J. Lucas commanding-Second Illinois Cavalry, First Louisiana Cavalry, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, Tenth Indiana Cavalry, Second Massachusetts Battery. In the first organization Brigadier-General West was assigned to the command of the First Brigade, and the Second New Jersey was assigned to that brigade; but upon the non-arrival at Blakely of General West with the Third Michigan and Tenth Illinois, the Second New Jersey was assigned to the Second Brigade; and upon Brigadier-General Knipe being relieved, Colonel Joseph Karge was placed in command of that brigade. The Second New York being detached from General Lucas' brigade at Montgomery and ordered to Talladega, the Fourth Wisconsin and Tenth Indiana were detached from Colonel Karge brigade and ordered to report to General Lucas, in order to equalize the brigades. Will send you tri-monthly and monthly returns to-morrow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.

