
ion; third, pioneer corps; fourth, Second Iowa Battery; fifth, brigade ambulances; sixth, Third Brigade; seventh, Third Indiana Battery; eighth, brigade ambulances; ninth, First Brigade; tenth, ammunition train; eleventh, brigade ambulances; twelfth, division hospital; thirteenth, one wagon per regiment and brigade and division headquarters wagons. Unless otherwise directed the above order of march will be observed, except the brigades and batteries will alternate in advance daily. The tool wagons, pioneer wagons, and battery wagons will follow their respective commands. All other wagons will follow in rear of second division of the column in the order of precedence of their commands.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, March 25, 1865.

Colonel W. L. MCMILLEN,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: This division is ordered to march forward to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock as a guard to the wagon train. The general commanding directs that your brigade march by the flank on the right of the train. The Third Brigade will march on the left and the Second Brigade in rear of the train.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

March 25, 1865 - 8.30 p. m.

General STEELE,

Commanding Forces from Pensacola:

Our camp to-night is at Deer Park, about sixty miles below Blakely. We move up to-morrow six or eight miles, and will open communication with the navy and establish a new base of supplies. If you are delayed by the condition of the roads so that your supplies are exhausted before the cavalry operations are completed, make a junction with this army in the neighborhood of Blakely, coming in southeast. Keep me advised of your movements by courier.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Dannelly's Mills, Ala., March 25, 1865.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Navy Cove, Ala.:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a regiment (at least 500 to 600 strong) to join this army as soon as possible, via Dannelly's MIlls, and the road taken thence by General Granger. You will find a pontoon bridge over Fish River, just above Dannelly's Mills.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

