
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, May 25, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded. The within statement may be relied upon. I have already turned over to the two gentlemen who inscribe the within every species of property, including all meats and breadstuffs, in the State not necessary for my command, and yesterday directed the chief quartermaster to issue 250 bushels of corn daily till the pressure is passed. The little stores have been mostly plundered. Something must be done at once to get rations to the suffering people of Georgia. The repair of the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad will afford the best means. I can scarcely supply my own command with corn, much less a large indigent population. Unless General Canby displays great activity in depositing grain at Apalachicola we shall experience much trouble. Not a day should be lost in repairing the railroad.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

ATLANTA, May 24, 1865.

Major-General WILSON:

Upon the understanding between you and General Winslow, in regard to the completion of the railroad, upon his application I ordered twenty-five wagons belonging to the train just arrived to be turned over to Captain Simpson. Captain Carling states his orders are promptly to load all the wagons with cotton and return with them to Chattanooga. Shall the wagons be returned to Captain Wetherell? Ten wagons belonging to this train were sent to Dalton with archives and assets of Bank of Tennessee, and fourteen were turned over to hospital department. Carling is anxious to have reply to-night. Will leave for Macon by morning train.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General.

RESACA, May 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have arrived at this place with Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi. I will reach Chattanooga day after to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Eatport, Miss., May 24, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General D. E. COON,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: You will detail one battalion, with headquarters, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, to proceed to Iuka, Miss., to garrison that place. You will also detail one battalion of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, provided with 10,000 rations, to proceed to Tuscumbia, Ala., to garrison that point.

