
SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 72. Mobile, Ala., May 24, 1865.

* * * *

2. Captain Alfred Fredberg, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general, having been commissioned by the President as an assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, with the rank of major, is hereby assigned to duty as such at these headquarters, to date from the 20th instant, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

5. Mr. J. C. A. Dexter, special agent of the Treasury Department for the ninth district (comprising all of the State of Florida west of the Chattahoochee River and so much of the State of Alabama as lies south of the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad), having been charged with collecting and forwarding all C. S. cotton and other captured property within the limits of that district, military commanders are instructed to furnish him, and any person or persons authorized to act for him, with every necessary facility in the performance of his duty.

6. Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster of the Military Division of West Mississippi, will turn over to Mr. J. C. A. Dexter, special agent of the Treasury Department for the ninth district (comprising all the State of Florida west of the Chattahoochee River and so much of the State of Alabama as lies south of the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad), all records in his possession pertaining to captured property within that district, taking the proper receipt for the same.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 24, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces Northern Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is very desirable that protection and assistance be given to railroad companies when the lines may be required for military purposes, or for the purpose of carrying supplies to the destitute inhabitants dependent upon these lines, but there are no funds under his control that can be applied to such purposes. The application of the Montgomery and West Point Railroad Company will be recommended and forwarded to the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED FREDBERG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 15. Montgomery, Ala., May 24, 1865.

All matters pertaining to freedmen within the limits of this command having been placed under the sole control and supervision of Thomas W. Conway, general superintendent of freedmen for Alabama, Mississippi, and the Department of the Gulf, the officers appointed by

