
him to the immediate local supervision at the several posts will be furnished with such assistance as may be necessary to carry out the instructions of the superintendent. Subsistence and quartermaster's stores will be furnished to freedmen upon the requisition of the officer in charge, approved by the post commander. The officers of this command now on special duty in charge of freemen's camps will remain on duty in their present positions until relieved by others selected by the general superintendent, and will comply with any orders or instructions issued by him.

By command of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Montgomery, Ala., May 24, 1865.

Colonel J. B. MOORE,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

(Through headquarters Third Division.)

COLONEL: The major-general commanding has designated your brigade to occupy Tuskegee, Opelika, and Union Springs, Ala., with headquarters at Tuskegee, and directs me to state that upon arriving at Tuskegee you will detach one regiment to occupy Opelika and one regiment to occupy Union Springs. The instructions are to collect and protect all stores of whatever nature belonging to the United States, which includes all property in the hands of the C. S. officials or private parties belonging to the Government of the Confederate States. You will exercise especial care that the property belonging to the United States is not converted by citizens and others to their own private use, you will arrest any person or persons so doing and send him or them forward under guard to be tried for embezzlement of public property, sending with them the evidence necessary for their conviction. You will also use your force whenever necessary to suppress and punish any jayhawkers, guerrillas, or robbers, whether stragglers from our army or evil-disposed persons of the country. The private property of the citizens and paroled soldiers must be respected. You will use more severity toward any men of your own command who are guilty of plundering or pillaging than toward guerrillas or jayhawkers. Citizens will in every case be treated with respect and discretion, and in such manner as to gain their confidence and esteem for the Government you represent. Foraging will be strictly prohibited. Should it become positively necessary that grain should be taken for the use of the animals you will cause it to be done by your order only, and will see that proper vouchers are given in every instance. The operation of civil law in the country is of course suspended by its occupation by the army, consequently no Confederate, or local officer can perform any function of his office. Should you be able to gather any information of the present whereabouts of Breckinridge or Bragg you will notify these headquarters and secure them if possible. Bragg has been irregularly paroled by a lieutenant of Stoneman's command, and has failed to report as he promised when paroled. Governor Moore, of Alabama, will be arrested wherever found and sent forward under guard. Your reports will be made to division headquarters.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

