
ammunition per man will be taken on the persons of the men. The ammunition train of Colonel Bertram's brigade only will move with the command. Five days' forage will be taken.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Fort Morgan, Ala., March 16, 1865.

1. The Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, will march at 5 a. m. to-morrow, March 17, 1865. Four days' field rations must be taken in haversacks and fifty rounds of ammunition upon the persons of the men. All ammunition in excess of this which regimental commanders have already drawn will be at once turned in to Lieutenant J. M. Shields, acting ordnance [officer], Third Division.

2. The order of march will be as follows: Third Brigade, Colonel Krez commanding, in advance; Twenty-first New York Battery; Second Brigade, Colonel Grier commanding.

3. All regimental and brigade teams will carry five days' forage for their animals.

By order of Brigadier General William P. Benton:

FRANK ADAMS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY BUREAU, OFFICE OF SPECIAL INSPECTOR,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Louisville, Ky., March 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I this morning addressed to you at Knoxville the following telegram:

Went to Nashville 14th to see you. Hatch, by order General Wilson, has turned over all horses and most of his arms to First Division. Will your order Hatch's division to Lexington, Ky.? General palmer earnestly requests this. I cannot mount Hobson's command, and it will take near two months to mount and arm Hatch. In the meantime if Hatch was at Lexington with some regiments mounted immediately he could be of great service to General Palmer. This course is suggested by the Bureau, and I was directed to see you on the subject. Will the general answer by telegram?

It having been impracticable within the limits of a telegram to explain myself fully I address you further upon the subject. I also inclose a copy of telegram this morning received from General Wilson, from which yo will observe that Hatch's division is now entirely dismounted and has but 2,000 serviceable arms in the command.* It is impossible to mount and equip them where they are without a very considerable delay, and until this is accomplished they can hardly render much service. With the command at Lexington, Ky., the regiments as soon as armed and mounted can be made such temporary use of by General Palmer as occasion may demand, and upon the complete mount and equipment of the whole division may be disposed as desired. General Hobson's command is composed principally of twelve-months' troops, whose term of service is about half out, and it seems to me

---------------

*See Wilson to Chambliss, Part I, p. 909.

---------------

