
orders to deliver him to the commanding officer of Fort Lafayette and report to you by telegraph. I also send forward, under custody of Captain Kneeland, S. R. Mallory, rebel Secretary of the Navy, and Mr. B. H. Hill, Senator from Georgia in the C. S. Congress. These parties were arrested a few days ago by General Winslow, of Upton's division. Any further orders you may have for their disposition can be sent by telegraph to General Thomas and delivered to Captain Kneeland as he passes through Nashville. It is but justice to General Cobb to say that since his surrender he has deported himself in perfect fairness and good faith and has really been of great service to my command in turning over to me all subsistence and forage in the State. He notified me several days ago of his readiness to deliver himself whenever called for. He has made no effort to escape and accompanied the officer who was sent for him without any dissent whatever. He has with him his original parole. (A copy of this was sent General Thomas.)

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 25, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Your telegram of 5 p.m. 24th is received. Toombs is not paroled but is at large, having fled on the news of Stephens' arrest eight or ten days ago. It is no violation of Howell Cobb's parole to arrest him; he is to be held as a prisoner of war till regularly exchanged if the garrison of Macon is regarded by the War Department to be a legitimate capture. If the first armistice protected him and was obligatory upon me through his notification, then neither he nor his garrison are prisoners; but I hold the capture to be legal even if the Government had approved the armistice. A copy of the parole will be sent by telegraph.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 25, 1865

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Your telegram of 9 a.m. May 22 received last night. The regiments whose term expires before the 31st of October next are the only ones which will be mustered out. My telegrams of yesterday answer all the points put in yours of the 21st and 22nd. You should send direct to the War Department your recommendation and reasons why Colonels Minty and La Grange should be promoted. I have recommended both for former services, and will cheerfully approve any additional recommendations which their recent services justify you in making, as I know them to be gallant, energetic, and competent officers.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

