
to me at Carthage. I administered the amnesty [oath] and released them. There will be others in soon. If different disposition should be made of them please inform me.

Your obedient servant,

WM. J. CLEVELAND,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, May 25, 1865

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

No more amnesty oaths will be administered to either soldiers or citizens, and all are repudiated and annulled which have been taken since the 15th day of December last.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., May 25, 1865

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding District of East Tennessee, Knoxville:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a force of cavalry of the region disturbed by guerrillas, starting from Knoxville and scouring the counties of Knox, Anderson, Campbell, and Montgomery to Morgan, where it will meet a force sent by Major-General Rousseau through the counties of White, Overton, Fentress, and Montgomery. Major-General Rousseau will confer with you as to the time of starting so that the commands will meet at Morgan. After having met the command of Major-General Rousseau your command will return south, and pass through the counties of Roane, Rhea, and Hamilton crossing the Tennessee River somewhere in the neighborhood of Dallas, and returning to Knoxville. You will at the same time send a command to scour the country between Little River and the Holston. The object of this expedition is to destroy the guerrillas and restore quiet to the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff

PADUCAH, KY., May 25, 1865

(Received 7.50 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Small bodies of colored soldiers, sent from Columbus, Ky., into Northwest Tennessee to recruit, are committing unparalleled depredations. Shameful outrages on persons and property of the most loyal are inflicted; and worse still they are breaking into the court-houses and public officers and utterly destroying all State and county records, court papers,guardian and administrators' bonds, dockets, judgments, and title papers. The losses in some instances far exceed all the other

