
intended for General Steele, and can be selected without respect to the length of time the men have to serve. Report by telegraph how soon they may be expected.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, May 25, 1865. (Received 8.45 a.m. 26th.)

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

Marshall's warehouse, our main ordnance depot, has just blown up, resulting in much los of life and great destruction of property. Cause unknown. Will report further particulars as early as possible.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

MOBILE, May 25, 1865. -12 midnight.

(Received 8.45 a.m. 26th.)

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

Your dispatches are received. Will report soon when the 4,000 men can be sent to New Orleans. Two of our best boats were lost by the explosion.

Respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., May 25, 1865

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding Post and District of Mobile:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you issue and enforce an order in about the following terms. He desires that you submit the order to him before publication:

I. All paroled prisoners of the Confederate army now in earner Mobile who are not residents of this vicinity or of the loyal States, except those who have special authority from the provost-marshal-general to remain, will report immediately, to the provost-marshal and obtain transportation for their homes. Neglect to obey this order will insure arrest.

II. All persons within the limits of the post of Mobile, except paroled officers and soldiers who are without visible means of support will be at once arrested by the provost-guard. The able-bodied men, except such as are needed by the engineer in charge of Government works in this neighborhood will be formed into gangs and worked under guard in cleaning the streets of the city. The women and children will be collected in some suitable place and properly cared for. An officer will be designated to take charge of these destitute-to be announced. He will as far as possible furnish them with useful employment. All vagrants not properly residents of Mobile will be sent to their homes without delay. The provost-marshal's department is charged to see that this order is enforced.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

