
railroad with the report that the rebels have run off all railroad stock to Evergreen. Three railroad hands who came in with him confirm this statement, which I beg to inclose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

MARCH 25, 1865.

James H. Cobb, Company A, First Florida Cavalry, sent out as scout to the railroad, has returned with James Keen, railroad engineer, William Laston, machinist, and George Lampkin, fireman on the railroad between Tensas and Pollard. They came down along the Perdido River, and give the following statements: The courier-line between Blakely and Pollard, via Williams', is broken up, all the bridges lately built by the rebels across the Perdido River having been washed away by high water. Trains are not running between Tensas Landing and Pollard. Everything from the Tensas machine-shops was sent up the Alabama River to Selma, and all the engines and cars were sent to Evergreen. All the iron material of the Escambia railroad iron bridge is hidden in the swamps about the railroad and can be taken out easily. There are 300 cavalry at Williams', 300 at Canoe Station, and 300 at Bluff Springs. Al Blakely there were 6,000 rebels prepared to cross to Mobile if pressed by the Federals. All cattle, sheep, and hogs were driven out from this side the railroad to the head of Escambia River. None of Taylor's army have returned from South Carolina to Mobile by railroad.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Morristown, Tenn., March 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

Commanding First Division:

The general commanding directs that you proceed to Rogersville Junction to-morrow morning. This junction is about two miles from Bull's Gap, this side. The corps will stop for the present either there or at the gap, whichever place affords the best facilities for procuring supplies from the railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, March 26, 1865.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Whipple notified me on the 21st that the One hundred and forty-ninth Indiana was en route to report to General R. S. Granger, and that my division would join the corps on its arrival. The regiment has not reached here yet, and I can hear nothing of it. My train is being shipped.

W. L. ELLIOTT.

Brigadier-General.

