
One wagon to each 200 men and the number of ambulances now with the division will be taken. One hundred rounds of ammunition for the small-arms and full ammunition chests for the artillery will be in readiness within the division.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., May 26, 1865

Brigadier General J. P. HAWKINS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to give an extract from a telegraphic dispatch from the major-general commanding the military division, received this evening, for your information and guidance. Please furnish me statement of your command:

In addition to the troops ordered to take the field, you will also keep that portion of General Hawkins' division which originally came with him from Vicksburg in readiness for immediate embarkation. The artillery of the division is to accompany the troops.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Selma, Ala., May 26, 1865.

I. All Confederate officers and soldiers within the limits of this command who have not yet been paroled are required to report forthwith at Selma and Demopolis, Ala., or Meridian, Miss., to the post commander to be paroled. All muskets and small-arms owned or in possession of inhabitants of the country, except side-arms belonging to officers paroled under the stipulations between Generals Grant and Lee, Generals Sherman and Johnston, and Generals Canby and Taylor, will be delivered to the commanding officer at Selma, Uniontown, Marion, Demopolis, Ala, or Meridian Miss. These arms will be delivered by the owners or those in possession before the 20th day of June, 1865. Any person found with arms after that date, except as herein provided, will be arrested for violation of this order.

II. All persons formerly held as slaves are to be recognized and treated as freedmen. Colored persons having places or employment are advised to remain wherever their employers will compensate them for their labor. They are reminded that the laborer is worthy of his hire, and those who work shall be paid; those who are dependent on their labor for a living and do not work must starve. Persons formerly held as slaves and remaining on the plantations of their former masters must go to work or leave the plantations. The provost-marshals are authorized to remove from plantations those who become offensive, idle vagrants.

III. The attention of officers and soldiers is directed to General Orders, Numbers 11., headquarters, Sixteenth Army Corps, current series, This order will also apply to the present limits of this command. Offi-

