
cers are required to see that this order is obeyed to the letter. In any case when it becomes known that an officer is cognizant of a violation of this order, and does not immediately arrest or report to the proper authority the offender, he will be recommended for dismissal from the service. Soldiers are enjoined to obey it, and thus prevent their gallant conduct during this war from being tarnished by any acts of robbery, violence, or insult.

IV. Outlaws and desperadoes will not be tolerated, and the means of punishing all such will be adequate to the crime or offense committed. Citizens and paroled officers and soldiers who desire to live at their homes in peace and without molestation are called upon to aid the military authorities in promptly bringing to arrest and punishment all offenders and outlaws. They are reminded also that courtesy and respect is indispensable to military rule and all those, whether male or female, who manifest a hostile and unfriendly spirit to our soldiers and officers while in the proper discharge of their duties, must abide the consequences.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FIELD ORDERS, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 12. Columbus, Miss., May 26, 1865

* * * *

III. The Third Brigade, Cavalry Forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, Brigadier General T. J. Lucas, commanding will proceed by the most direct and practicable route to Vicksburg, Miss., reporting on arrival to these headquarters at New Orleans, La. All dismounted men and convalescents will be sent under proper officers, via Mobile, Ala., and New Orleans, La., rejoining the command at Vicksburg, Miss. The quartermaster's department will furnish, the necessary transportation. On the march to Vicksburg General Lucas will enforce the strictest discipline in his command, no exchanging or pressing of horses or mules will be allowed and no private property of any description will be disturbed except forage, which will be properly receipted for.

IV. In obedience to instructions from Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, Colonel Joseph Kerge, commanding Second Brigade Cavalry, Forces will assume command of the post and forces at and near Columbus, Miss., and report by telegraph to Major General A. J. Smith, at Montgomery, Ala., for orders. All tri-monthly and monthly returns of the brigade will be forwarded promptly to these headquarters at New Orleans. Captain J. N. Givens, acting assistant quartermaster, Captain H. R. Steele, commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant H. W. Thayer, acting ordnance officer, will turn over all property pertaining to their several departments to the respective officers of Colonel Karge's staff.

V. Captain H. R. Steele, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, will, after turning over his stores, report for duty to Brigadier General T. J. Lucas, commanding Third Brigade.

VI. Such portions of the Second Massachusetts Battery as cannot, owing to the worn-out condition of the stock, be carried across the country, will be sent by rail and steamer, via Mobile and New Orleans,

