
Rear-Admiral Stribling has gone over with a force to endeavor to obtain possession of her. Seven rebels have been captured at

Cape Sable, endeavoring to escape. Although unknown, they were evidently persons of distinction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. ARMSTRONG,

Commandant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 129. Barrancas, May 26, 1865

I. In Special Field Orders, Numbers 67, from headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, dated Mobile, Ala., May 19, 1865, the establishment of a military post at Apalachicola, Fla., having been decided upon as a dependency of the District of West Florida, and the One hundred and sixty-first New York Infantry and the Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry having been assigned for that purpose, Colonel L. L. Zulavsky the ranking officer, is hereby announced as commander of the military post of Apalachicola.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., May 27, 1865 (Received 28th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

Brevet Brigadier-General Winslow, commanding at Atlanta, informs me that there are many utterly destitute families in that section who come a long distance to apply for provisions. Amount of supplies there is limited, and if he is to issue to citizens preparations must be made therefor. He requests to know whether he shall issue or not. The supplies in the hands of the State are inadequate to meet the necessities of the people. He wishes instructions to guide him in meeting exigency what action shall be taken to relieve the suffering in this State. I cannot too strongly urge the policy of opening the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad at once. I am working from the south end, but I understand nothing is being done north of the Etowah. Please order the construction corps to continue their repairs till it meets my people. The road will earn enough in two months to pay all expense.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 29. Macon, Ga., May 27, 1865

In pursuance of instructions from the War Department, the regiments of colored troops organized in the several divisions of the Cavalry Corps are designated by numbers as follows: That of the First Division, One hundred and thirty-sixth, U. S. Colored Troops; that of

