
ELDRIDGE, ALA., March 26, 1865 - 2 p. m.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

The head of my column has reached here. I will camp to-night three or four miles from here on the Jasper road. Have taken a few prisoners, but learn nothing reliable of importance. Bad roads and little forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, March 26, 1865.

Major E. B. BEAUMONT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: My scouts captured one of Forrest's scouts to-day, from whom I obtain the following information: Forrest's command is composed of the following divisions: Chalmers' division, Wirt Adams' division, Jackson's division, and Buford's (late Roddey's) command. Each division has two brigades, and each brigade three regiments, making eighteen regiments aside from Buford's command. The scout states that his brigade is as large as any, except those in Wirt Adams' division, and his regiment (Twenty-eighth Mississippi) an average one; it numbers 300 men for duty. This would then be the outline organization and gross strength of Forrest's forces: (1) Chalmers' division, six regiments, 1,800 men; (2) Wirt Adams' division, six regiments, 2,400 men; (3) Jackson's division, six regiments, 1,800 men; Buford's command, 900 men; two batteries, four guns each; total 6,900 men. Starke's and Bell's brigades in Chalmers' division. The scout also states that Forrest is in the vicinity of Tuscaloosa expecting this column to pass through that place, and that he would not be able to muster more than 5,000 men for line of battle.

I am, major, your very obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

This scout was one of six sent out by Forrest to watch our movements.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Williams' House, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: There are a few bad holes between this place and your camp on the crossing of the Jasper road and Blackwater. You had better send a pioneer party ahead early in the morning to repair the road. The road is somewhat rough in a few places, but your train came through without much difficulty. A bridge will be ready for your train to cross on when you reach this place.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

