HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Montgomery, Ala., May 27, 1865

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: In compliance with instruction, I have this day sent under guard to headquarters Army and Division of West Mississippi, ex-Governor, A. B. Moore, of Alabama, and George W. Gayle, citizen of Cahawba, Ala., who wrote the advertisement published in Selma Dispatch in December last, offering to procure the assassination of Abraham Lincoln, William H. Seward and Andrew Johnson, by the 1st of March on the payment or security to him of $1,000,000. A copy* of this advertisement is inclosed herewith, also affidavits* of the two witnesses who accompanied Mr. Gayle under guard, and the statement of Mr. Gayle himself, admitting the writing and sending of the advertisement referred to the Selma paper. The copy inclosed in the statement of Mr. Gayle is the same one referred to in his statement as having been shown him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH

Major-General

COLUMBUS, MISS., May 27, 1865.

Major HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

In obedience to orders from Major-General Canby, I report for orders to the major-general commanding Sixteenth Army Corps. My command consist of three regiments of cavalry and one battery. One of the regiments is stationed at Macon, Miss. The rest of the command here.

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 28, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, or

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Nashville;

General Howell Cobb was arrested by General Wilson under instructions of this Department, and is now on his way North, under charge of Captain Kneeland. Countermanding instructions do not appear to have reached General Wilson. This morning a copy of General Cobb's parole was received with a statement that he has properly conducted himself. Under these circumstances it is the design of the Government to respect his parole, and on his arrival at Nashville you will release him from custody and send him back to his home to remain there and report to General Wilson, subject to the President's order. Acknowledge this telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

