
will be turned over to any officer of the U. S. Army at the most convenient post; and all officers are directed to take possession of the same, carefully preserve, and forward them to these headquarters.

II. Soldiers are forbidden to tear down fences, or in any way interfere with the property of citizens or with the negroes in their service or employ. Horses must not be grazed in cultivate, inclosed fields, and, when sent out for the purpose of grazing, a commissioned officer must accompany them, who will be held responsible for the conduct of the men.

III. The time for granting paroles is hereby extended to June 10, next ensuing.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

EDWARD P. INHOFF,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, May 28, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Chattanooga:

You are authorized to issue sufficient provisions to the destitute people within your command to prevent starvation. Be cautious, however, that the issue does not become unnecessarily large and an extravagant waste of the public stores, as has been the case generally with such issues.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, May 28, 1865

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

In compliance with the following special order, I report for further orders:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 48. Raleigh, N. C., May 4, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from Major-General Sherman, commanding Department of the Mississippi the First Alabama Cavalry is relieved from duty in this department, and will march without delay to Knoxville, Tenn., when the commanding officer will report by telegraph to Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, for further orders.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Assistant Adjutant-General

I left my regiment this morning at Greeneville marching for this place. I respectfully ask permission to visit Nashville whilst the regiment is moving here, to confer with you personally in regard to the disposition to be made of the regiment, as many of my men are desirous of going home having been driven from their State long ago. I wish also to find a detachment of the regiment which is somewhere in Northern Alabama under Major Shurtleff. Can I come?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. L. GODFREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Alabama Cavalry.

