
present to remain in the command of Major General A. J. Smith, where its services are very much needed. The First Florida Cavalry is now en route for Barrancas, where it will arrive in a very few days.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED FREDBERG,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, May 29, 1865

(Received 6.15 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Yours received. General Thomas left yesterday morning for Washington. Mallory and Hill will be sent as directed.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 45. Nashville, Tenn., May 29, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. Bvt. Brigadier General A. J. Alexander commanding Second Brigade Fourth Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, will move his brigade, composed of the following-named regiments, from Chattanooga and encamp it at Edgefield, Tenn., for muster out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation: Seventh Ohio Cavalry, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, and Tenth Missouri Cavalry.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, GA., May 29, 1865-3 p.m.

(Received 10.45 p.m. 30th.)

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Through the neglect of some one connected with the telegraph, General Grant's dispatch of the 23rd did not reach me until a few minutes ago. To carry out instructions I would respectfully suggest that Hatch's division and the veterans of the other three in excess of the 4,000 to be kept in Georgia should be got ready with as little delay as possible. This much is due to Hatch. General Upton has gone through to Chattanooga to carry out the instructions in regard to muster out. Please send him such further orders as may be necessary. I will communicate with him by courier. The men whom I retain here will be mostly veterans, who have from twelve to twenty-four months yet to serve. Shall I send the 2,000 men to South Carolina; if so, to what part? I think after making Hatch's force 5,000 I can very well spare the 2,000 for that State. Will give you more details in a few days. (A copy has been furnished General Grant.)

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

