HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 30, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Questions of trade and law are continually arising, and before deciding I should like to have the limits of my command determined and the line of civil policy which I am to pursue clearly defined. This is necessary, because I may otherwise trespass upon the limits of other commanders of do things which will have to be undone. I am sure that if given the proper authority I can carry into effect any policy the Government may announce. I am very anxious to have La Grange retained in service. He ought to have his, but would remain as major in the Adjutant-General's Department. Can you do anything for him?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., May 30, 1865

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General McCook has just arrived from Tallahassee. He paroled about 6,000 men and four generals, took possession of a gun-boat, the Spray, and a torpedo-boat at Saint Mark's, which he turned over to the Navy. He also received 50 pieces of artillery, 5,000 stand of arms, $2,785,000 in Confederate money, bonds, &amp;c., besides immense quantities of ammunition, naval stores, lead, niter, 200,000 pounds of bacon. He turned over the command and stores at Tallahassee to General Tilgham, of General Vogdes' command. General McCook reports that ex-Governor Harris passed through Tallahassee several days before he arrived there, making his way toward Cedar Keys, in company with a man named McCormick. General McCook also captured and paroled another of Breckinridge's sons, but could hear nothing of Breckinridge himself. He notified the blockade fleet of Davis' capture, and to be on the lookout for Harris and Breckinridge. Generals Gillmore and Vogdes complain of what they called General McCook's encroachment upon their commands in going to Florida; but as General McCook acted strictly in accordance with my order to the best interests of the service, and had received the surrender of the troops and stores before the arrival of the protest, I was not disposed to pay any attention to it. General McCook reports the people as submissive, well disposed, and anxious for the re-establishment of the National and State authorities.

J. H. WILSON

Brevet Major-General

(Repeated by Whipple to Thomas, at Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.)

[MAY 30, 1865. - For Grant to Stanton, recommending Bvt. Major General James H. Wilson for promotion to full major-general, see Vol. XLVI, Part III. p. 1236.]

