
2. Battery F, First Missouri Artillery, is hereby detached from the Second Division and assigned to duty with the Third Division. The battery commander will report without delay.

3. The Third Division is, under instructions from military division headquarters assigned to duty with Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers. The commanding officer will report to General Steele without delay for orders.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 72. Montgomery, Ala., May 30, 1865.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General K. Garrard, commanding Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will direct one brigade of his command to move by land to Portland (a point on the left bank of the Alabama River below Selma), and from thence to Mobile, Ala., by steamers, leaving their present camp at daylight on the morning of June 1, 1865. The command selected will take all camp and garrison equipage and baggage pertaining to it, and will be supplied in haversacks and wagons with eight days' rations, including June 1. The men unable to accompany the command on the march can be sent by steamer. One boat will be retained here for that purpose. On arriving at Mobile commanding officer will report to the general in command for instructions.

* * * * *

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 88. Near Montgomery, Ala., May 30, 1865.

1. The First Brigade of this division, Colonel John I. Rinaker commanding, will move at 5 a.m. on the 1st of June, and march to Portland,on the east bank of the Alabama River below Selma via Hayneville and Mount Pleasant, and there embark on steamers for Mobile, Ala., reporting to the general commanding at that place for instructions. The division quartermaster will transfer to the acting assistant quartermaster of the brigade the transportation necessary to carry a supply of rations and forage for the command for nine days. The ambulance officers will transfer their proper proportion of ambulances, wagons, and hospital property. The troops will be inspected, and all sick who are unable to march will be left in charge of Dr. Reuben Woods, who will take them forward on a boat which will be provided for that purpose.

* * * * *

By order of General K. Garrard:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

