
be obeyed and respected accordingly, viz: Captain Benjamin t. Van Tuyl, One hundred and sixty-first New York, acting commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant Otis H. Smith, One hundred and sixty-first New York acting ordnance officer; First Lieutenant John W. Sterling, Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster.

8. During the temporary absence of the commanding general at Apalachicola Colonel E. W. Woodman, Second Maine Cavalry, senior officer present, will command at Barrancas.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 31, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I would respectfully call attention to the case of Brigadier General Robert Allen, assistant quartermaster, and ask that he be brevetted a major-general. General Allen has made no application, but I am well aware of his services in this war and in the Army before the war. He has been filling a place second only to that filled by the Quartermaster-General of the Army and with very great efficiency. He is well known as an officer joining very great integrity with the greatest business capacity. I would recommend that his brevet rank have even date with that given to General Ingalls.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 31, 1865-10 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS, Nashville:

Transportation at the rate of eight teams and two ambulance teams to 1,000 men will go with the Fourth Corps. More can be sent afterward if found necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE Numbers 268. Washington, May 31, 1865.

* * * * *

94. Colonel W. E. Merrill, First Veteran Volunteer Engineers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Cumberland and will report to the Chief Engineer of the Army to relieve Lieutenant Colonel James H. Simpson, Corps of Engineers from his present duties at Cincinnati, Ohio. Lieutenant-Colonel Simpson on being relieved will report in person to the honorable Secretary of the Interior for duty in connection with the examination of the lines of the Union Pacific Railroad west from Omaha, Nebr. Ter.

* * * * *

96. Captain E. S. Richards, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers will report in person without delay to Brevet Major-General Gillem, U. S. Volunteers commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Cumberland, for duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

