
WASHINGTON, May 31, 1865

Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

Telegraph to General Gillmore to know where in South Carolina he will have the cavalry which you send to him. In the meantime they can move directly toward Millen.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, May 31, 1865

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Macon, Ga.;

I arrived last evening from Chattanooga. Alexander's brigade has been ordered here, where the muster out will take place. Major-General McCook's will remain at Chattanooga for a little while, and will be ordered here as fast as he muster-rolls can be made. i will establish my headquarters at Edgefield, and will carry out the instructions as nearly as possible in accordance with your views. One division is to be sent to Sheridan, so General Whipple informs me; the remainder of the corps not mustered out will go to General Palmer, in Kentucky. While you remain in Georgia there is no prospect of sending the corps to trans-Mississippi. General Alexander would like to have the brigade go to Kentucky. He says he has written you fully on the subject. General Thomas was on his way to Washington when I arrived. I could, consequently, say nothing on the subject of promotions. General Whipple thinks it not impossible to have them made. No policy has been announced or permanent disposition of troops been made. I hope you will succeed in keeping me in your command, where service has been so agreeable. I see nothing for me to do after the muster out and consolidation takes place. The troops will not arrive here within six days. General Whipple has given me permission to go to Louisville. I will be back before that time. General Alexander will go with me. Beaumont left to-day for his home. I will communicate with you as often as possible. The construction corps is at work on this end of the Georgia State Railroad. I tried to get an order to have all the ties along the Knoxville, Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad sent forward to Cartersville and then hauled along the road toward Atlanta. Provided at Kingston fifteen teams and detailed twenty-five me to assist in putting up telegraph line to Atlanta.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier FOURTH DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Atlanta, May 31,. 1865

Bvt. Major General JAMES H. WILSON

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The citizens of this place desire to hold a meeting for taken Union ground. I have advised delay. Are there any objections to mass meetings which are to be conducted on the basis of obedience to law, Constitution, and decidedly in favor of the Union? I deprecated the

