HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., March 26, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER 149TH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY:

The major-general commanding directs that you immediately proceed with your regiment to Huntsville and report to Brigadier General R. S. Granger, commanding District of Northern Alabama. You will break camp at once and move your regiment this side of the river, and have it at the Chattanooga depot at 1 p. m. to-morrow ready to embark on the cars. No excuse will be admitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, March 26, 1865.

Major-General STONEMAN:

Your telegram 23rd received yesterday. Your movements all right. Wilson started from Eastport on the 21st and I hope will reach Selma about the 1st of April. I presume Canby will have Mobile by that time. Sherman and Schofield have joined their forces at Goldsborough N. C., on the 21st. As well as I can understand the plans, Sherman will move north to the Roanoke, and if Johnston falls back beyond the Roanoke he will follow and, probably, after all, the great battle will be fought near Richmond. With these facts before you I wish you to carry out the plan of moving down New River Valley, at least as far as Christiansburg, if you can, and if on arriving there you learn that the railroad is in operation to Richmond destroy those small bridges and trestles in advance of Christiansburg and then move off toward Danville; and if you find you can do so, either capture or destroy the depots at Danville or so maneuver and threaten the place as to attract as much of the enemy's force there as you can, thereby giving the most co-operation to Generals Sherman and Grant. I understand that Sherman did not reach Burkeville as was reported. It is therefore more than probable that you will have to destroy the small bridges in advance of Christiansburg. Favor your horses as much as you can under the circumstances, and let me hear from you as often as possible. Set General Tillson at work recruiting in North Carolina if he can find any men to enlist.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Numbers 68. Knoxville, Tenn., March 26, 1865.

I. The Second Regiment North Carolina Mounted Infantry will proceed at once by railroad to Bull's Gap, Tenn., and report to Colonel C. G. Hawley, First Ohio Heavy Artillery, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, Department of the Cumberland.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

