SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV. 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 58. Mobile, Ala., May 31, 1865.

I. During the temporary absence of Colonel H. Bertram, Colonel S. L. Glasgow, Twenty-third Iowa Volunteer Infantry, will assume command of the First Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps. This order to date from May 8, 1865

* * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews:

BYRON PORTER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. Near Mobile, Ala., May 31, 1865.

Brigade commanders will immediately embark their respective brigades on the boats set opposite the regiments. The regiments not mentioned will remain until other boats arrive. Ten days' forage, ten days' rations, and 100 rounds of ammunition to the man will be taken with each regiment. The regimental teams will be taken on the boats with their commands, viz: Seventh Vermont Veteran Infantry, steamer Sedgwick; 300 men, headquarters, and teams of the Twenty-ninth Iowa, steamer Magenta; the remainder of Twenty-ninth Iowa, Belvidere; Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry, Belvidere; Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry and Thirty-third Iowa Infantry, steamer Continental; brigade headquarters Third Brigade, Continental; Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry and Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry, Clinton. Troops to embark on the steamers Continental and Sedgwick will be taken to them in lighters. Lieutenant W. H. York, acting assistant quartermaster, will direct them at the landing.

By order of Colonel D. P. Grier:

JOHN A. PRINDLE

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 31, 1865

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I find here, on assuming command, and large number of paroled officers and men, a majority of whom are in a destitute condition. They are all anxious to return to their homes, but as I understand, existing orders forbid transportation being furnished them. Many of them reside in the States of Kentucky and Missouri, and cannot in any event return there until they have taken the oath of allegiance. Can they be subsisted at the expense of Government? in the absence of particular instructions to my predecessor in command 	 beg to be advised how to act.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

