
instant. A raid had been made on the night previous by citizens and soldiers, the raiders seizing a railroad train and taking off 70,000 pounds of bacon, besides large quantities of forage and other stores from Thomasville, the property of the rebel Government. One hundred men in charge of Captain M. H. Creager were sent by special train in pursuit of the raiders. The detachment went down to Station Numbers 10 on the Gulf Railroad and succeeded in recapturing two cars loaded with the forage. Lieutenant Scott, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, with fifty men was left at Thomasville Ga., to parole the prisoners and receive all public property. A commissioned officer with twenty-five men was also sent to Bainbridge for the same purpose. The public property at Bainbridge was transferred to Thomasville by wagons. On the 10th instant i reached Tallahassee, Fla. a distance of 210 miles from Macon, Ga., the command arriving on the 11th instant [ultimo]. Major Bloom with a detachment of the Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, was ordered to Bainbridge, leaving me only 300 men at Tallahassee, Fla. Colonel W. Cooper, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, with his command reported to me for duty, and was ordered to remain at Thomasville with instructions to patrol the country thoroughly in search of Jefferson Davis and to assist in collecting all public property there and in the vicinity. The rebel troops with all the public property in the District of Florida were surrendered to me by Major General Samuel Jones on the 10th day of May, and the U. S. flag raised over the state-house and fort at Saint Mark's. The number paroled and already reported is 7,200 and, will doubtless reach 8,000 when the returns are completed. The amount of property received from rebel authorities was: Ordnance stores-artillery, 40 pieces stand small-arms, 2,500; cavalry sabers, 450; bayonets, 1,618; cartridge-boxes, 1,200; waist-belts, 710; pounds of lead, 63,000; niter, pounds, 2,000; sets accouterments, 2,000; artillery ammunition, 10,000 rounds, mostly fixed; small ammunition, 121,900 rounds; musket-balls, 700 pounds; pikes and lances, 325, besides large amounts of various other ordnance stores. Quartermaster's stores-horses, 70; mules, 80; wagons,40; ambulances, 4; also tools of various kinds with a large amount of stationery, clothing and camp and garrison equipage. Commissary stores-bacon, 170,000 pounds; salt, 300 barrels; sugar, 150 barrels; sirup, 100 barrels; corn, 7,000 bushels; cattle, 1,200 head; also small amounts of flour, ground pease, &amp;c. There was large amount of hospital stores turned over to the medical officer, Doctor Chapman, who was designated to receive them. Many of the horses and mules were exchanged for corn and forage and others were loaned to citizens, subject to the order of the Federal authorities. A memorandum of all the cotton in and about Tallahassee, Thomasville, and Albany was taken with names of claimants, where, when, and by whom stored; also the marks on the bales. As soon as a schedule can be made it will be forwarded for the information of the War Department. People apparently honest in other respects seem to think it entirely legitimate to steal cotton. As I had been ordered to leave the country, I adopted this system of making a descriptive schedule of the cotton in the country as the only means in my power for protecting the interests of the Government. In my intercourse with the citizens and surrendered soldiers of this Florida command I found only the most entire spirit of submission to my authority, and in the majority of instances an apparent cheerful acquiescence to the present order of things. The citizens expressed and apparently felt entire confidence in the magnanimity of the Government and its officers, and seemed to feel that our success had at last relieved them from the oppression they had so long suffered at the hands of the rebel authorities. Unless the present growing

