HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., June 1, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Montgomery, Ala.:

Let me know what troops you are sending to this city and when they will arrive. It is important that the troops for Texas should be here three or four days before they sail.

E. R. S. CANBY

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAV. FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 1, 1865.

Colonel G. M. L. JOHNSON,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find orders announcing you as commanding officer Second Brigade, minus Second New Jersey Cavalry, which is ordered to Vicksburg for muster out. The general commanding directs me to say that you can make your headquarters either at Columbus or Macon, as best suits your convenience. Report for orders to Major General A. J. Smith, at Montgomery, Ala., and send tri-monthly and monthly reports of your brigade direct to these headquarters. I cannot give you any information as to the length of time you will probably remain in your present situation. A corps of paymasters are about leaving here for Montgomery to pay the Sixteenth Corps to February 28, 1865. Communicate with them and make arrangements for the payment of your command. Major Morse is the chief paymaster of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TALLADEGA, June 1, 1865.

Colonel HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am in the world again. Telegraph and railroad working to this place. Shall run cars to Blue Mountain in ten days. The escort to Mr. Parsons and Colonel Bradley have returned. They arrived safe in Huntsville. Everything is quiet. I have scattered my command over four counties, one post at Montevallo, one post at Coosa bridge, and shall make one at Silver Run and Blue Mountain. I shall have a large lot of leather and small-arms and three pieces artillery. What shall I do with them? There are 5,000 poor people in this section that must be fed by the United States Government or they will starve. Any instructions on that point? My rolls of paroled prisoners are nearly completed in duplicate, over 5,000 men and officers. Shall I send them to Montgomery? Regards to the general.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Brigadier-General.

[JUNE 2, 1865. - For General Orders, Nos. 105, 106, and 107, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to the reduction of the volunteer forces, removal of restrictions on trade, &c., see Vol. XLVI, Part III, pp. 1247, 1248.]

