
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES:

By your patriotic devotion to your country in the hour of danger and alarm-your magnificent fighting, bravery, and endurance-you have maintained the supremacy of the Union and the Constitution, overthrown all armed opposition to the enforcement of the laws, and of the proclamation forever abolishing slavery-the cause and pretext of the rebellion-and opened the way to the rightful authorities to restore order and inaugurate peace on a permanent and enduring basis on every foot of American soil.

Your marches, sieges, and battles, in distance duration, resolution, and brilliancy of result dim the luster of the world's past military achievements and will be the patriot's precedent in defense of liberty and right in all time to come.

In obedience to your country's call you left your homes and families and volunteered in its defense. Victory has crowned your valor and secured the purpose of your patriot hearts, and with the gratitude of your countrymen, and the highest honors a great and free nation can accord, you will soon be permitted to return to your homes and families conscious of having discharged the highest duty of American citizens.

To achieve these glorious triumphs, and secure to yourselves, your fellow-countrymen and posterity the blessings of free institutions tens of thousands of your gallant comrades have fallen and sealed the priceless legacy with their lives. The graves of these a grateful nation bedews with tears, honors their memories, and will ever cherish and support their stricken families.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 36. Camp Harker, Nashville, Tenn., June 2, 1865

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS:

After four years' war for the maintenance of the Union, this division, organized after the battle of Chickamauga is about to be partially broken up by an order for the muster out of service of regiments whose term of service will soon expire. This division bears upon colors of its regiments names of the following battles; New Madrid, Island Numbers 10, Pea Ridge, Shiloh, Corinth, Perryville, Stone's River, Chickamauga, Missionary Ridge, Rocky Face, Kenesaw, Peach Tree Creek, Atlanta, Franklin, Nashville, with partial engagements and skirmishers too numerous to mention. To say that I regret to part with the regiments about to leave and am proud to have been the last commander of the division under its present organization, but feebly expresses my feelings. To those soon to leave the record of services rendered, and the thin ranks of your regiments on returning to your homes, show devotion to the cause for which you have successfully battled. When you meet the friends of the fallen you can say to them that devotion has been sealed with their lives. I have endeavored to do my duty toward you and to the service, and will always be glad to meet and take by the hand the officers and soldiers of this division. Return to your homes as good citizens as you have been soldiers. To those who yet remain for a short time, let us remember with pride and pleasure

