
will therefore dissuade the people in the limits of your command as to the necessity of holding meetings. You had better take a run to the other end of the railroad break, assume charge of operations there, and make all necessary arrangements, for pushing the work of repairs as rapidly ad possible. For this purpose you are authorized to represent the road and to make purchase of any tools or materials necessary, upon the pledge of its earnings. I will telegraph General Donaldson.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 2, 1865-9 a.m.

Brigadier General E. F. WINSLOW, Atlanta, Ga.:

Your are authorized to make such issues of rations to the poor people of North Georgia as the welfare of your own command will permit, keeping in view the fact that issues must be made only to those in absolute want. Keep me advised on this matter. Seize any railroad iron or supplies you can find to advance your work. The completion of the railroad is our only means of escape. Push everything to the utmost. Go to the other end and put things to work with the utmost vigor.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., June 2, 1865

S. A. SPENCER, Esq., Greensburg, Ky.:

MY DEAR SIR: I am obliged to you for you kind and patriotic letter of May 27. In war the weapons of a patriotic people are musket in peace, ballots. We are under as high obligations now to vote for the Union and the measures which tend to give it permanency, as we were a few months ago to fight to suppress armed resistance to its authority. The loyal people of Kentucky of all parties have a right to protection and shall have it as far as my power extends. No differences of opinion upon questions of policy shall influence me in the slightest degree; but rebels and traitors must obey the laws. Mere party slang will break no bones. The terms used by the rebels and their sympathizers to bring true union men into contempt are only such as are usually employed by knaves to mislead the silly and the thoughtless. They have been at times hurled against every man in the State who was not a traitor. If any Union man is now willing to take up these cast off garments of the authors of the rebellion and all its aims and apply them to the true Union men of the State, they deserve your pity.

Truly, yours,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

Order Forty-sixth Indiana Volunteer Infantry to Louisville at once. The commanding officer will report on arrival, to Brevet Brigadier-General Watkins, commanding post. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major General J. M. Palmer:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General

