
MONTGOMERY, June 2, 1865-10.30 p.m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

The First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel J. I. Rinaker commanding, left here yesterday morning at daylight for Mobile; by land to Portland. They will reach Portland on the night of the 4th instant. I have telegraphed to the quartermaster at Mobile, who replies that boats will be in readiness at Portland. Since they left, General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from the War Department, have been received, under which two of the regiments of that brigade go out. I therefore propose, if it meets your approval, to send the Second Brigade, General Gilbert's command, also transferring the two regiments of the First Brigade, who do not go out, to him on his arrival at Mobile, and make the command thus consolidated under General Gilbert the garrison of Mobile, forming at same time a temporary brigade of all regiments in the First and Second Brigades that go out under General Orders, Numbers 94, which organization will continue while they are preparing rolls and being mustered out at Mobile. Please let me know if this meets your approval, and I will send the Second Brigade in time to be at Portland as soon as the boats taking the First can return. Shall I send all regiments that are to be mustered out of this corps to Mobile to prepare rolls?

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 2, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Montgomery, Ala.:

To what extent do you suppose the order directing the muster out of white troops whose term of service expires previous to October 1, will affect your command? Please give me a rough estimate by telegraph as soon as possible.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 3, 1865-7 p.m.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding at Macon, Ga.:

The following telegram of Major-General Halleck is forwarded for your information.* Communicate it to such officers as may be efficient in finding the negro or the money referred to, and keep a close watch for him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 143. Memphis, Tenn., June 3, 1865.

* * * * *

VIII. Colonel G. B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as provost-marshal, District of West

---------------

*See Vol. XLVII, Part III, p. 617.

---------------

