HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Mobile, Ala., June 3, 1865.

Colonel CONRAD KREZ,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Third Div., Thirteenth Army Corps:

The orders heretofore given will be complied with, and you will proceed to Brazos Santiago, Tex., as soon as supplies absolutely necessary are furnished. Upon your arrival there you will report at once to Major-General Steele. It is said that the boats your command is upon can supply their crews and troops with an abundance of water by condensers. If this is so, you will proceed at once without further delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Benton:

J. D. ROUSE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, June 3, 1865-9 p.m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Out of forty regiments and six batteries in the corps the term of service of nineteen regiments and one battery expires prior to October 1, 1865. I understand that they go out immediately as organizations, under your order, which says they will be mustered out in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 94, War Department, which late order requires them to rendezvous at Mobile, Ala., to prepare rolls and be mustered out. I have sufficient force that do not go out to perform all duty that my troops now do. What I desired to ascertain was whether I should direct, in compliance with the above order, all organizations whose terms expire prior to October 1, 1865, to Mobile to prepare rolls and be mustered out, transferring, of course, all recruits whose terms do not expire at that date to other organizations from same State?

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 3, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your telegram of the 2nd has just been received. Let the arrangement stand as first ordered by you. I do not propose to muster out any infantry until after I learn what force General Sheridan will require in Texas, and what troops will be at my disposal in Florida and Northern Alabama under the new arrangement of command.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

JUNE 3, 1865.

[Major General A. J. SMITH:]

General Canby desires that action in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 94, from War Department, be deferred until further orders. The reasons are given in the general's dispatch to you of this date.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

