
For the command of the Department of Alabama I would recommend Bvt. Major General Charles R. Woods.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, GA., June 4, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of June 3 is received. I have already had this country from Florida to Charlotte, N. C., searched for the thirteen millions of treasure previously reported by General Halleck and other fabulous amounts reported by various parties. I am convinced from all the information I can gather that the entire amount of gold and silver with which Davis left Richmond did not exceed one million and a half; that the most of this was paid to his officers and men between Charlotte and Washington, Ga., and the balance scattered amongst people who were regarded trustworthy. Of this, $6,000 was delivered to one of my officers by Robert Toombs. I suspect the remainder was stolen from the people's homes by disbanded rebel cavalry, assisted by our own men. Every house where rebels have been in Georgia has been searched. It is also reported that the sums in the possession of Davis' party were pillaged by the captors. I will send to Irwin County to ascertain if they overlooked any, and will set a watch for the colored man Jones.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 4, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

I have just received a telegram from General Donaldson declining to loan, sell, or issue the necessary tools to the constructions parties now working on the Western and Atlantic Railroad. All of our efforts to get an adequate supply of forage by the rivers have failed. General Winslow reports a population of from 25,000 to 50,000 people utterly destitute in the region adjacent to Atlanta. The only certain solution of the difficulty is to finish the railroad to Dalton. I have taken possession of it for the United States and am repairing it without cost to the United States. All the assistance I ask is tools, and will take them by loan, by purchase, or issue, and I hope they will be forwarded without delay upon either of these conditions. There is no doubt of the capacity of the railroad to discharge all cost incurred in its repair and pay, besides, a handsome income into the Treasury.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 4, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General WINSLOW,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Your communication of the 1st is received. You are authorized to use such control over the distribution of provisions to the poor as will

