
via New Orleans, La., to Vicksburg, Miss., reporting to the commanding officers of their respective regiments for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 5, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I would respectfully request that promotion by brevets may be given for faithful service and meritorious conduct during the war to the following-named officers, serving in my department, and in some instances on my staff: Major General Thomas J. Wood, U. S. Volunteers, to be major-general, U. S. Army, be brevet; Major William Allen, chief paymaster, Department of the Cumberland, to be brigadier-general by brevet, U. S. Army; Surg. George E. Cooper, lieutenant-colonel by brevet, to be colonel by brevet, U. S. Army; Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Mackay, chief quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland, to be colonel by brevet, U. S. Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel A. von Schrader, inspector-general, Department of the Cumberland, to be colonel by brevet, U. S. Volunteers; Major Gates P. Thruston, acting judge-advocate, Department of the Cumberland, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, U. S. Volunteers; Surg. Robert Fletcher, U. S. Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet U. S. Volunteers; Captain E. F. Townsend, Sixteenth Infantry, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, U. S. Army; Captain M. D. Wickersham, inspector, quartermaster's department, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Captain Louis J. Lambert, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, U. S. Volunteers; Captain A. L. Hough, chief commissary of musters, Department of the Cumberland, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, U. S. Army; Lieutenant M. J. Kelly, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, to be major by brevet, captain by brevet for Stone's River, and major by brevet for Atlanta and Nashville campaigns. Special letters of recommendations in many of the foregoing cases are herewith submitted, and as the merits of all are personally known to me, I trust they may each receive the desired promotion.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 5, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The inspection and reports on field-works at Covington and elsewhere in Kentucky, required by your order of May 8, have been made. I have now to report for your information on the subject that during the rebellion we have fortified with temporary field-works: Cov-

