
ington, KY., with 4 inclosed forts and 22 batteries, mounting 79 guns; Camp Nelson, with 6 inclosed fort and 6 batteries, mounting 23 guns; Shepherdsville, with 1 inclosed fort, mounting 3 guns; Rolling Fork, with 1 inclosed fort, mounting 3 guns; Muldraugh's Hill, with 2 inclosed forts, mounting 9 guns; Munfordville, with 3 inclosed forts and 1 battery, mounting 16 guns; Bowling Green, with 3 inclosed forts, mounting 29 guns; Louisville, with 11 inclosed forts, mounting 22 guns; Lexington, with 2 inclosed forts, mounting 12 guns; Mount Sterling, with 2 inclosed forts, mounting 6 guns; Louisa, with 1 inclosed fort, mounting 7 guns; Frankfort, with 1 inclosed fort, mounting 10 guns; a Paris, with 1 inclosed fort, mounting 2 guns. Thus it appears we have fortified in the State of Kentucky 13 important strategic positions, with 38 inclosed forts and 29 open batteries, mounting altogether 221 guns. As military defensive works no one of those is, I conceive, necessary to be preserved. No organized enemy exists that can by any possibility make forts any longer necessary in the heart of our country for its defense. A military force of cavalry and infantry, however, will be necessary for some time to come to maintain law and order, and such force can be most advantageously posted at one or more of these fortified positions, where barracks and other accommodations already exist, and from whence communication to other parts of the State is maintained by steam. The forts, however, at these positions need not necessarily be retained; they are of no importance. It is the barracks, store-houses, hospitals, and other military buildings that remain useful, and only so many of these as the force to be stationed at each designated post shall require. All others should be torn down and the material disposed of to the greatest advantage, and the land restored to the rightful proprietors. Before pulling down any buildings an effort should be made to give a part or the whole to the other of the land as a full compensation for the use of the land by the United States, and all damages or injury done thereto by the troops of the United States. In case no such equitable arrangement can be made, then all the material of these temporary structures should be removed from the property and disposed of to the greatest benefit of the service. The armament and munitions of war should first be removed, to which end it may be advantageous to hold possession of some of the forts as depots. I recommend that the lieutenant-general be requested to designate the sites he desires to garrison in the State of Kentucky, when the demolition of the forts, batteries, and buildings, and restoration of the residue of the property may at once follow and be carried into effect. Colonel Simpson in his report to me states that he has consulted with General Palmer, commanding the department, Governor Bramlette, and some members of the military committee of the legislature, who are of opinion that the time has not come for the removal of the present force from the State, and rather think that political indications are such that it should be increased. Giving all due weight to these considerations I consider the maintenance of a force of cavalry and infantry sufficient for all purposes, and that no fortifications can be necessary for defensive purposes, such only being held as serve as a convenience and insure the comfort of the troops to be stationed in Kentucky.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.

aEight of these belong to the State of Kentucky.

