
Governor Moore, of Alabama, of whose arrest I advised you on the 29th ultimo? I have now in custody the author of the article in the Selma Dispatch of December 1, 1864, referred to in your dispatch of the 14th ultimo, and shall forward him to Washington on Saturday, with the witnesses and other evidence in the case.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 5, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at this office by the hands of Captain H. E. Noyes, Second U. S. Cavalry, of a topographical map and some sketches of Andersonville Prison, of the flag of the gun-boat Jackson, alias Muscogee, with the signal flags, streamers, &amp;c., twenty-three in number, found on her, and twenty-two colors captured from the enemy during the late campaign of your command in Alabama and Georgia. In the list accompanying the last-named flags two colors of Clanton's (Alabama) brigade and two U. S. flags (regimental colors) are mentioned, but only one of each was received.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 5, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

In view of the orders mustering out a large portion of our forces and distributing the remainder over a very large extent of country, I would respectfully suggest that the present organization of the Cavalry Corps be discontinued, and that the troops of that arm remaining in service be organized into brigades and divisions and returned with the troops of other arms by districts. This arrangement will simplify returns and facilitate current business, whereas under the present arrangement, with the troops scattered through Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and probably the Trans-Mississippi Department, it will be impossible to obtain returns and maintain organizations as they exist at this time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., June 5, 1865.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Middle Tennessee:

GENERAL: Colonel John W. Horner, commanding the post of Huntsville, has issued an order (General Orders, Numbers 15, of May 12, 1865) which contains the following objectionable paragraphs:

No passes will be required of citizens passing to and from this city or through the adjacent country.

