
meeting of officers and men should be held for the purpose of giving expression to the sentiment of fellowship and unanimity of feeling which the great events of the past years should inspire within our hearts, and to organize a committee to select an army badge and to form a kind of central committee with whom any one may correspond upon the social and friendly ties and subjects in common with us not coming under official business. It is suggested that this Fourth Corps might with some propriety take the lead in this matter, and if such meets with your approval I propose the officers and such men as could be allowed passes meet at the headquarters of Artillery Brigade on Saturday at 10 o'clock to organize and appoint appropriate committees. Something of the kind has been done by the Armies of the Potomac and Tennessee, and I think it advisable that we have such an organization. Of course we would expect to embrace the Fourteenth and Twentieth Corps and the Cavalry Corps, under the Army of the Cumberland, complete. General Donaldson has expressed his willingness to serve in any capacity, and I have reason to believe the movement will be gratifying to General Thomas. Please answer by messenger whether time and place are suitable, and any other suggestions you may think of. If the time and place of meeting are approved by you I will publish a notice accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

(Same to Generals Elliott and Wood.)
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Harker, Tenn., June 6, 1865.

SOLDIERS OF THE THIRD BRIGADE:

The object for which we have been associated together having been accomplished, we are now about to separate and most of us join our families and friends at home, while some of you continue for further duty. You have acted well your part, faithfully and bravely, in the great struggle of your country for the maintenance of right and justice over wrong and oppression. You will feel better that you have done your part for your country than to have stood an idle spectator. Since we are compelled to separate, I feel thankful that I leave you in the enjoyment of an enviable reputation, a reputation of which your friends can boast and you feel proud. Your toils, hardships, and perils will be attended with perpetuation of the National Government, with a greater power and glory than ever before. Treasure up for our fallen heros and comrades a remembrance of heroes of their age, in a great and good cause. Take home and into the future with you the heartfelt gratitude for his lot having been cast with such gallant soldiers and kindhearted gentlemen. God bless you. Good-by.

WM. GROSE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Chattanooga, Tenn., June 6, 1865.

The command will move to-morrow morning, at 4.30 a.m. First, Second Brigade; second, First Brigade; third, wagon train of the

