
division. The dismounted men of the command will be at once organized same as on the march from Macon to this place. The number of dismounted men from each regiment will be sent in this evening, also the names of officers to take charge of these men. Three days' rations will be issued the command to-night, and two days' forage to-morrow morning. All animals totally unfit to march to Nashville will be turned into the post at this place. Brigade quartermasters will remain back to-morrow to make the necessary disposition of such stock, rejoining the command at Stevenson, ala., by rail. Reveille at 3 a.m.

By command of Colonel R. H. G. Minty:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 92. Louisville, Ky., June 6, 1865.

* * * * *

4. The commanding officer One hundred and twenty-third U. S. Colored Infantry, and the six companies of that regiment detailed for garrison duty at the draft rendezvous, Louisville, Ky., by Special Orders, Numbers 55, headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, dated Lexington, Ky., November 12, 1864, are hereby relieved and will report for duty to Bvt. Brigadier General L. D. Watkins, commanding post, Louisville, Ky.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TALLADEGA, June 6, 1865.

(Received 10.30 a.m.)

Colonel HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Montgomery:

A party of men in disguise, supposed to be from the northern part of the State, made a raid on Columbiana on Saturday evening. They hung Mr. Cobb and Mr. Rushing to a tree and left them hanging. Took $4,000 in gold from Cobb. They exchanged horses at every planter's house. My command is scouting through the whole northern part of the State. If they do not disperse and take refuge in the mountains they cannot escape. The men that were hung were actively engaged during the war arresting deserters. The mob may have been actuated by a desire to retaliate.

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Brigadier-General.

TALLADEGA, June 6, 1865.

Colonel HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Talladega is the nearest by rail to Gadsden, forty-five miles to Centerville, fifty-six to Goshen. I shall complete the railroad to Blue Mountain in ten days, when I can make a corn depot at that point. I have but five wagons. I have distributed 1,500 bushels of corn and 10,000 pounds of Confederate bacon. They come from all parts of State. Calhoun, Randolph, Talladega, and Shelby Counties

