
are supplied from a post I have established at Montevallo. Randolph and Cherokee Counties are the most destitute of any in the State. Assure the general that I am giving all my time to the work. Send along the corn. Judge Thrasher, of this place, is assisting me in distributing the provisions. There is a large amount of corn in the canebrake country, on the Alabama and Mississippi Railroad, bought and paid for the destitute people. We lack railroad transportation. I am informed that an order has been issued by General Canby to the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad to turn over two locomotives to the Florida Railroad. This will leave us without an engine and will entirely stop business. I respectfully ask a suspension of the order until the people in this country are fed.

Respectfully,

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Brigadier-General.

HILTON HEAD, June 6, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON:

Please inform me how far east your line of occupation in Georgia extends, and where I can get supplies from the Gulf for any of my posts in the interior portions of the State, and upon what routes such supplies would arrive.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 7, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Present:

GENERAL: By order of the President you have been assigned to the command of the Military Division of the Tennessee, embracing the Department of Kentucky, Department of Tennessee, Department of Georgia, Department of Alabama, and Department of Florida, headquarters at Nashville. The Department of Kentucky embraces the State of Kentucky, Major-General Palmer commanding, headquarters at Louisville. The Department of Tennessee embraces the State of Tennessee, Major-General Stoneman of Georgia embraces the State of Georgia, Major-General Steedman to command, headquarters at Augusta. The Department of Alabama embraces the State of Alabama, Major General C. R. Woods to command, headquarters at Mobile. The Department of Florida embraces the State of Florida and Key West, Major General A. A. Humphreys to command, headquarters at Tallahassee. You will at your earliest convenience proceed to take command of your military division.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 54. Nashville, Tenn., June 7, 1865.

* * * * *

XVIII. Lieutenant-Colonel Blumen, commanding Thirty-second Indiana Infantry, will proceed without delay with his command to Nash-

