
ville, Tenn., and report to Brigadier General A. Willich, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, for assignment to duty in his brigade. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. Nashville, Tenn., June 7, 1865.

To the officers and soldiers of the regiments of 1862 who are about to leave us the general commanding the corps desires to tender his congratulations upon their past proud career and good wishes for their future prosperity and happiness. Coming into service at a period of the war when success seemed doubtful after all the illusions of excitement and first impressions that war was all pomp and glory had worn off, you from the beginning of your service pretty fully realized the stern, hard task before you, and well have you performed that task. In all that constitutes a veteran soldier you are not one whit behind any soldier in our great Army. In this army particularly your regiments have passed through all the important battles fought by the Army of the Cumberland. How much influence these battles have had in destroying the great rebellion of this century, history must determine. Of the award these regiments of 1862 will have a full share. The rebellion is ended and you leave us for your homes. Brought up, as our young men of the North are, to industry and self-exertion, you will find it no inconvenience or hardship to exchange the discomforts of camp and the vicissitudes of military life for the peaceful avocations of the citizen. We part with you in sorrow and will until the end of life cherish you in our memories as our brave, amiable and constant friends and companions in arms.

By command of Major General D. S. Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 121. Nashville, Tenn., June 7, 1865.

I. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Department of the Cumberland contained in Special Orders, Numbers 52, current series, and dated June 5, 1865, the troops of this corps whose term of service does not expire before the 1st day of October will move toward New Orleans as soon as payment now progressing is completed. The route will be to Johnsonville by railroad, thence by steam-boat. Three days' rations in haversacks will be carried from this place and ten days' from Johnsonville. The men will carry the ordinary forty rounds of cartridges in their boxes, and all other ammunition will be turned in to the post ordnance officers. Officers' horses and pack-mules belonging to the respective regiments will be carried on the cars with the troops to Johnsonville. The following transportation will be retained, and will march overland to Johnsonville with the Artillery Brigade as soon as practicable, viz: To each battery, eight wagons; to the headquarters of the corps, eight wagons; to the headquarters of each division, six wagons; to the headquarters of each brigade, four wagons. Only ten

