
ambulances to each division will be taken. Division hospitals and hospital wagons will be retained. Two wagons will be allowed to the signal corps. Eight wagons will be taken to each 1,000 men. No ammunition wagons for the infantry or artillery will be taken. All property other than the above enumerated will be turned in to the proper heads of departments as soon as practicable. The commander of the pontoon train will at once turn over all property and transportation appertaining to the pontoon bridge. The artillery and trains will leave by the dirt road for Johnsonville as early as the 12th if the men be paid. They will carry five days' forage and rations. General Kimball will furnish the artillery and transportation with an escort of 100 good men. The order of movement will be: First, Second Division, Brevet Major-General Elliott; second, Third Division, Major-General Wood; third, First Division, Brevet Major-General Kimball. The detachments of men whose terms of service do not expire in the 1862 regiments will be assigned by division commanders to veteran regiments from the same State before the movement commences, if possible. If this cannot be done, an officer must be detailed in each brigade to bring these detachments to the corps. The organizations and detachments to be mustered out, if any remain, will be left in command of Brigadier General F. Van Derveer.

* * * * * * * *

XII. In accordance with instructions contained in Special Orders, Numbers 52, current series, from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, dated Nashville, Tenn., June 5, 1865, the divisions of this corps are hereby reorganized to consist of two brigades to each division. The following will be the organization:

First Division, Brevet Major-General Kimball commanding: First Brigade, Colonel Thomas E. Rose-Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers, Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers, Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers. Second Brigade, Colonel I. C. B. Suman-Ninth Indiana Volunteers, Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Indiana Volunteers (detachment).

Second Division, Brevet Major-General Elliott commanding: First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Opdycke-Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers. Second Brigade, Brigadier General L. P. Bradley-Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers, Twenty-eighth Kentucky Volunteers, Forty-second Illinois Volunteers, Fifty-first Illinois Volunteers, Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

Third Division, Major General Thomas J. Wood commanding: First Brigade, Brigadier General A. Willich-Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, Eighth Kansas Volunteers, Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-first Indiana Volunteers, Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Seventy-first Ohio Volunteers. Second Brigade, Bvt. Major General S. Beatty-Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, Thirteenth Ohio Volunteers, Thirt Michigan Volunteers, Fourth Michigan Volunteers, Thirteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General D. S. Stanley:

WM. H . SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

