
MACON, GA., June 7, 1865.

(Received 12 m. 9th.)

Major General J. A. RAWLINS, Chief of Staff:

The muster out is depriving me of my best officers. Every recommendation and effort having failed to procure the promotion of Colonel La Grange, of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, he will be lost to the service unless I can get him appointed a major in the regular Inspector-General's Department, to which I recommended him. Please do what you can for him, for I am sure there is no better officer in the service. If General Thomas is in town show him this telegram. Ask him to put upon it his indorsement, as the interest of the service requires.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, GA., June 7,* 1865-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

I have just received a telegram from General Molineux, at Augusta, informing me that he is directed by General Gillmore to put troops at points so as to reach up to the country occupied by my command, and a telegram from General Gillmore asking how far east my line of occupation in Georgia extends, and how supplies can be got to the interior. I have replied as follows:

I occupy no lines in Georgia, as there is not opposition. My troops go wherever they are needed, and in accordance with orders of Lieutenant-General Grant I am authorized to place them where I please and to call for such garrisons of infantry for other places as I think necessary. I have not thought it advisable, however, to distribute troops over any specific territorial limits, as I find confusion produced among the people by orders emanating from so many different sources. If you have specific orders to occupy any designated territory, and to relieve any part of my command, please inform me, that I may concentrate. There is no need of sending any of your command at this time west of the Oconee.

I have also given General Gillmore the necessary information about supplies. I would like specific instructions in regard to the territorial limits of my command. I see no necessity for scattering troops everywhere. I few men at the important centers, as I have them now placed, with a number of reliable officers, and the necessary civil machinery, will be amply able to restore the civil order throughout the State. What shall I do in regard to the amnesty proclamation? The people are anxious to take the oath and organize their State government in accordance with whatever policy the Executive may direct.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn., June 7, 1865.

Colonel LAMSON,

Commanding First Division:

COLONEL: The following has just been received:

NASHVILLE, June 6, 1865.

Colonel MINTY, Commanding Cavalry:

You will take charge of all the cavalry belonging to the First and Second Divisions at Chattanooga, Tenn., and march to-morrow morning to this place.

E. UPTON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

*Another copy is dated June 9.

---------------

