
You will move your command to-morrow morning at as early an hour as possible, camping at Shellmound, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, at which place you will report in person for instructions. Draw three days' rations here and two of forage. All animals totally unfit to march to Nashville will be turned over to the post quartermaster at this place. Leave one of your quartermasters here to make the necessary disposition of such stock and to get transportation for dismounted men, &amp;c. Organize your dismounted men in companies and battalions with not less than one officer to every twenty-five men, the senior officer to command the detachment from your division. Ship by rail the guns, caissons, and other carriages belonging to the batteries.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General R. H. C. Minty:

T. W. SCOTT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, June 7, 1865.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

One of the purposes of my visit south has been accomplished, in determining that aid in the shape of corn to the famishing people must be at once furnished or death from starvation must shortly result. Will not the emergency justify you in placing at my disposal at once, say, 5,000 bushels, to be followed, if practicable, by a similar amount in a week or ten days? I will attend to its distribution. Prominent men in Northern Georgia assure me that the State or private subscription shall restore it if required, or secure from loss. I would not be so urgent did not necessity compel me to be so.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, June 7, 1865.

Brigadier General H. M. JUDAH,

Chattanooga:

Orders have been given to send on 5,000 bushels of corn for issue to starving people.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., June 7, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I beg to again solicit the attention of the major-general commanding department to the subject of the proper disposition of the paroled officers and soldiers present in this city in large numbers, and not having homes here or opportunity of employment to support themselves, and wholly destitute of money or means of any kind to enable them to go to their various places of residence, they are a grievous burden upon the military authorities here, and existing orders, so far as received, leave me powerless to adopt any remedy in their cases. I respectfully suggest that, for the prevention of suffering and crime among them, it is absolutely necessary that I should be permitted to

