
furnish them Government transportation and subsistence until the evil of their presence had disappeared. I would particularly call attention to, and ask instructions concerning, that class of paroled soldiers whose homes are in the loyal States. I think, by the judicious exercise of the authority given me for the purpose specified, but little expense would be incurred by the Government. And, with the further view of facilitating the object named, I beg to request that I may be, as soon as practicable, officially notified of such rules and regulations as govern the administering of the oath of amnesty under the recent proclamation of the President of the United States, as also of the oath of allegiance.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., June 7, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Post and District:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding you will please have all detachments of your command at Pascagoula, Whistler, Mount Vernon Arsenal, Fort Blakely, and Fort Tracy relieved from the brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps, which arrived yesterday. The object is to have your division and the First Brigade, First Division, brought as compactly together as possible. A company of troops at each of the points named will be sufficient.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Mobile, Ala., June 7, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor to report that the following regiments of my division have been shipped for Texas: Thirty-third Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Seventy-seventh Ohio Veteran Infantry Volunteers, Seventh Vermont Veteran Infantry Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, June 8, 1865.

L. H. EICHOLTZ,

Engineer Railroad, Chattanooga:

Yours of to-day received. Hurry forward the work of reopening the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad. It is as necessary for the supplying of General Wilson as for preventing a famine in Georgia.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

