SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 55. Nashville, Tenn., June 8, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. Major General D. S. Stanley, commanding Fourth Army Corps, will cause all detachments not complete organizations remaining in service after the muster out of the organizations to which they belong to be temporarily assigned to some organization of the same arm, veterans, and, when practicable, from the same State, preparatory to the permanent transfer of such detachments to the same or other organizations. The commanding officer to which such fragments are temporarily attached will immediately cause supplemental muster and pay rolls of the same to be made out of the date of April 30, 1865, with a view to their receiving pay with the other portions of the Fourth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Macon, Ga., June 8, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

Your telegram of the 6th is just received. In reply, I have to say I occupy no lines in Georgia, as there is no opposition. My troops go wherever they are ordered, and in accordance with the order of Lieutenant-General Grant I am authorized to place them where I please and to call for such garrisons of infantry for other places as I may think necessary. I have not thought it necessary to distribute troops over any specific territorial limits as I find confusion produced among the people by orders emanating from so many different sources. If you have specific orders to push out and relieve my command, please inform me, that I may concentrate. Supplies from the Gulf can be transported by the Appalachicola, Flint, and Chattahoochee Rivers to Albany and Eufaula and thence by rail to this place, Buzzard Roost, Milledgeville, Eatonton, Atlanta, West Point, Millen, and Augusta. Thomasville can be reached by rail from the Atlantic, and light-draft steamers can go to Dublin and Hawkinsville. There is no need of sending any of your command at this time west of the Oconee. A copy of this telegram was furnished General Molineux at Augusta.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 8, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE:

(Via Savannah.)

I am expecting an order to send 2,000 cavalry of my corps to South Carolina, and am directed to ask you where you wish them and by what route they shall march; and also what arrangements can be made for forage. Please answer.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

