
which had a happy effect upon the crowd of citizens, who listened with the closest attention to the end. The committee on resolutions then returned into the meeting, and through their chairman, R. S. Watkins, reported the following resolutions, which, after animated and acceptable addresses by Judge Watkins and J. B. Moore, esq., were unanimously adopted, viz:

Whereas, the people of this county have received the order of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, dated the 13th of April, 1865, recommending the re-establishment of the civil law in North Alabama; and whereas, they are highly impressed with the importance of a restoration of order once more in the county; be it therefore resolved;

First. That we accept with pleasure the overtures made therein, and will cheerfully assist by all proper means in our power our civil officers in the discharge of all duties legitimately belonging to their stations for the suppression of lawlessness and crime the restoration of peace, and for the establishment of the supremacy of the civil law.

Second. That we are ready and anxious to resume our former friendly relations to the Government of the United States.

Third. That the public authorities of this State, having power to do so, be, and they are hereby respectfully and earnestly requested to appoint immediately, by proclamation or otherwise, a time for a general election of members to a State convention, and a time and place for the meeting of such convention, in order that the State may be placed in its former proper practical relations to the Government of the United States at as early a day as practicable.

Fourth. That we respectfully request all classes of our fellow-citizens to unite with us in our efforts to restore and sustain good order and quiet in the State.

Fifth. That the president appoint a committee of five of our fellow-citizens to wait on General Hatch, U. S. Army, and request him to forward a copy of the proceedings of this meeting to Major George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, the commander of this department.

After the adoption of said resolutions the president appointed under the fifth resolution the following committee to wait on General Hatch, viz: Riley Sparks, Thomas James C. Tompkins, Levi Mahan, and H. Atkinson. Thereupon R. B. Lindsay, being frequently and loudly called for, addressed the meeting in a highly interesting and attractive speech, which was received with much applause by those present. The meeting then adjourned.

J. W. LIGON,

President.

CHAS. WOMBLE,

Secretary.

NEW ORLEANS, June 8, 1865.

Major A. FREDBERG,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The commanding officer of Jackson was instructed two days ago to send Governor Clark, of Mississippi, to this city via Mobile. Be pleased to have him forwarded as soon as possible. He, together with other important prisoners of State, are to go to Fort Pulaski by the steamer Constitution, which probably leaves here Sunday or Monday. Will you communicate with Jackson and let me know the result.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 9, 1865-3 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Please send forward without delay to Shreveport, La., to report to Major-General Sheridan, the following regiments of cavalry now serv-

