
ing near Memphis. Tenn., if their services can possibly be spared from present duty: Fifth and Twelfth Illinois, Seventh Indiana, First Iowa, and Second Wisconsin. If all cannot be spared, send such of them as can be.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General Sheridan, New Orleans.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 56. Nashville, Tenn., June 9, 1865.

* * * * *

XXII. Brigadier General William Grose, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the Fourth Army Corps, and will report in person to the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters for further orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, GA., June 9, 1865-12.30 p.m.

(Received 8.30 p.m. 10th.)

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

A great many inquiries are made daily in regard to the shipment of cotton. Shall I permit holders to move it to the sea coast without investigation, and leave it to the agents of the Treasury Department to determine all matters pertaining there, or shall I endeavor to investigate titles myself? It would be well to have an agent of the Treasury Department sent to this place without delay for the purpose of getting all abandoned, confiscable, or Confederate products. There is absolutely nothing which will bring money in the State except the private cotton, but it ought not to be allowed to go to market through the usual dishonest agencies till that which justly belongs to the Government has been secured, or till the proper machinery is in motion to prevent rascality. I have also to suggest that the War Department or other competent authority issue an order to continue the collection of the tax-kind yet due throughout Georgia for the purpose of feeding the destitute poor, I think this plan well pursued would save the Government great expense, which it will otherwise have to incur, to prevent starvation of the people in the desolated districts. All of Georgia south of this is well off in the necessaries of life, but the destination north from Jonesborough is fearful. Please refer these matters to General Thomas or Secretary of War for early decision.

J. H. WILSON, Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Pulaski, Tenn., June 9, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army:

I respectfully recommend for promotion by brevet the following-named officers: Colonel James Biddle, Sixth Indiana Cavalry (captain,

