
Fifteenth U. S. Infantry), for long, gallant, and meritorious services. Colonel Biddle served under Major-General Burnside in the campaign of that officer into East Tennessee, and with Major-General Stoneman, commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of the Ohio, in the campaign against Atlanta in the summer of 1864. I respectfully invite attention in this connection to the letter of Major-General Stoneman to the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated about October 11, 1864, commendatory of this officer, and the indorsement of Brevet Major-General Schofield, thereon. Colonel Thomas H. Butler, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, for gallant and meritorious service in the campaign of Major-General Stoneman against Atlanta in 1864. This officer was captured with Major-General Stoneman's command in July, 1864, and remained a prisoner in the hands of the enemy until escaping. After a long, arduous, and perilous march he reached our lines and reported to me for duty about the 1st of March, 1865. Since his connection with this command Colonel Butler has commanded a mounted brigade and has evinced the qualities of a thorough and reliable soldier. Both of the above named officers to be brigadier-generals by brevet. Colonel Elisha Mix, Eighth Michigan Cavalry, to be brigadier-general by brevet, for long, faithful, and meritorious service. Lieutenant Colonel O. H. Shearer, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, to be colonel by brevet, for long, faithful, and meritorious service from the breaking out of the rebellion. Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel E. T. Wells, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet, for long and faithful service, and particularly for gallantry at the battles of Stone's River, December 31, 1862-January 3, 1863; Liberty Gap, Tenn., June 26, 1863; Chickamauga, Ga., September 19 and 20, 1863; Orchard Knob, November 23, 1863; Mission Ridge, November 25, 1863; Buzzard Roost, February 22, 1864, and throughout the battles and skirmishes of the campaign of Major-General Stoneman [Sherman] to Atlanta in 1864. Captain T. F. Allen, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet from December 15, 1864, for gallant and meritorious service at the battle of Nashville, Tenn., and for meritorious service and gallantry in the presence of the enemy, and unfaltering faithfulness in the performance of duty in the campaign of 1863-'64 in East Tennessee, for which he was recommended by his regimental, brigade, and division commanders for promotion to a majority in his regiment, which recommendation failed only by reason of his being a junior captain. Captain J. E. Edmonds, Ninety-fourth Ohio Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, to date from August 20, 1864, for gallant, faithful, and meritorious service rendered at the battle of Resaca, May 15, 1864; New Hope Church, Ga., May 27, 1864, and Peach Tree Creek, Ga., July 20, 1864, and during all the campaign of Major-General Sherman against Atlanta in 1864, while serving as inspector to the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, then commanded by me. First Lieutenant W. R. Lowe, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, to be major in the Army by brevet, for long and meritorious service. Captain J. R. Fitch, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, to be major by brevet, for long, faithful, and intelligent service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brevet Major-General.

