
NEW ORLEANS, June 9, 1865.

Major-General GRANGER,

Mobile:

Please to send word to General Hawkins that General Canby desires him to start with his division as soon as possible for this place en route to Red River.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 9, 1865.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Please direct commanders of detachments from your corps, and now within the limits of the State of Mississippi, to report for the present to General Osterhaus. I expect to be with you some time next week or the following and then we will arrange this and other matters permanently.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Selma, Ala., June 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the disposition of the troops of my command at the present time: The First Brigade is stationed at Meridian, with one regiment, the Ninety-third Indiana, at Gainesville, two companies of which are at Lauderdale Springs, one company at Gainesville Junction and two companies at Livingston. The Ninety-fifth Ohio, of First Brigade, is stationed at Enterprise. The Second Brigade is at Demopolis, with one of its regiments, Eighth Wisconsin at Uniontown, and Ninth Minnesota at Marion. The Third Brigade is at this place with the two batteries. The troops are all comfortably encamped and in good condition; well supplies. We h ave a plentiful supply of corn so far. The animals, however, are not improving, on account of the scarcity of hay or long fodder, none being in the country attainable. We supply General Chrysler's command from this point, which, with the poor in that section of country and the redundant negro population, more or less of whom have to be fed, imposes a heavy tax on the energies of the supply train in collecting corn sufficient for their support. The railroads are in poor condition for the transaction of business, for the want of rolling-stock. The Alabama and Mississippi to Meridian have little or none. The Alabama and Tennessee divide their small amount with them, so that we are enabled to run a train daily to Demopolis and tri-weekly to Talladega. The corps in the section of country occupied by the division are looking well, except along the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. They are late, but will yield an average crop. The freedmen have generally remained on the plantations and work well where the planters acknowledge their freedom and agree to recompense

