
them for their labor, which in most cases is a division of the crop. I am satisfied that for this year it is the only arrangement that the majority of the planters can make with them, owing to the scarcity of stock and the restrictions they were under in planting season by the Confederate authorities. A better disposition is now beginning to manifest itself among the people, and a desire to obey all orders and accept the fact that slavery is dead and that the laborer is worthy of his hire. An assistant superintendent of freedmen has reported here and entered [upon] his duties. As few cases of lawlessness have occurred amongst the negroes, but not enough to cause any serious apprehensions. In the mountainous country toward Talladega acts of lawlessness and violence are not infrequent, originating amongst the poor whites against their rich neighbors who remained at home during the war and were very zealous in returning fugitives to the army. General Chrysler is active in putting a stop to such acts and giving what protection he can. These people, however, evince no hostility to the U. S. troops and avoid coming in contact with them, hence the difficulty of altogether suppressing these irregularities. There is an abundant supply of coal on the line of the Alabama and Tennessee Railroad. I would earnestly recommend that the Quartermaster's Department purchase all the coal the Government may require in this department the effect of which would be to give employment to the miners and relieve the Government from the necessity of feeding them, inducing the people to return to peaceful pursuits. This matter is specially worthy of consideration. The health of the people at this post is comparatively good, no epidemics prevailing. The troops, whose terms of service have nearly expired, are very anxious to be mustered out in order to get home in time to assist in harvesting. A number of officers and men are anxious to muster out here, if such an order could be obtained. Their stay among these people would have a wholesome influence and is a question worthy the consideration of the Government. The pioneer corps of this division is engaged repairing bridges above Talladega. It will require about two weeks' time to finish them.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 71. Galveston, Tex. June 9, 1865.

* * * * *

3. In accordance with directions from headquarters Department of the Gulf, the Thirty-first Massachusetts (mounted) Infantry will proceed as soon as practicable by steamer to New Orleans, La., reporting upon arrival to Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry forces, for duty.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WEST POINT, June 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I wish you to give General Donaldson orders in my name to furnish General Wilson with the necessary tools, spikes, &amp;c., to repair the rail-

