HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jasper, Ala., March 27, 1865 - 12 noon.

Brigadier General E. M. MCCOOK,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Upton is across Mulberry Fork of Black Warrior. Found practicable ford at Saunders' Ferry, and will reach Locust Fork to-night. Puns on to-night with your artillery to the ferry. Fill up pack train for fifteen days' separation from the wagons. Take no wheels except artillery, a limited number for headquarters, and, say, three for each brigade, to carry extra ammunition; not that number unless absolutely necessary. Designate one strong battalion of your poorest armed regiment, mounted, to remain with the general supply train. Hurry everything along as rapidly as possible. Headquarters to-night will be at the ferry. Shall remain here till 3 or 4 p. m.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-Genreal, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Copies furnished First and Second Brigades at 1 p. m., with the following addition: The above order was just received. Brigade commanders will comply with the order as far as practicable. Each brigade will take three wagons loaded with ammunition and one headquarters wagon along. The train will go as far as the river to-night. Proper arrangements will be made, and the trin will rest over there to-morrow.

By command of Brigadier General E. M. McCook:

S. P. GOULDING,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,One Mile from Jasper, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General MCCOOK:

GENERAL: Push forward your command with the utmost rapidity to Saunders' Ferry in order that it may cross before the river rises. It should reach that place to-night. Gather all the forage you can on both sides of your road, as General Upton reports a great scarcity at the ferry. Leave your wagons with a sufficient guard for their security. They should reach Jasper to-night.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General Eli Long, commanding Second Division.)

THREE MILES FROM JASPER, ALA.,

March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General J. T. CROXTON,

Commanding First Brigade:

I have received orders from General Wilson [to move] to Saunders' Ferry, nine miles from Jasper, as rapidly as possible, with the command, and to give the road to the pontoon train. All my column can get out of the way before the pontoon train comes up and probably

