HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Louisville, Ky., June 10, 1865.

Brevet Major-General FORCE,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to request you to send two good regiments into the city of Louisville to report to General Watkins, commanding post, for provost duty. Although these regiments will be under the control of the post commander, so far as the patrolling of the city is concerned, they will not be considered as detached from your command. Suitable quarters will be furnished them by the post commander.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 10, 1865.

Brevet Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Dist. of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

The following order has this day been issued from these headquarters: In accordance with instructions received from the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States the following regiments are hereby relieved from duty in this department and will proceed without delay to New Orleans, La. Commanding officers will report on arrival to Major General Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of the Southwest, for further orders: Second Wisconsin Cavalry, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, and the First Iowa Cavalry;* the quartermaster to furnish the necessary transportation. Copies of the order leave by first mail messenger. The major-general commanding directs that you notify these commanders at once to make the necessary preparations to leave as soon as their orders are received. Acknowledge receipt.

HENRY M. CIST,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, June 10, 1865.

(Received 10.30 a.m. 11th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Your telegram directing commanding officers of detachments of my command now within the limits of the State of Mississippi to report for the present to Major-General Osterhaus is received. Orders have been telegraphed as directed.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 74. Near Mobile, Ala., June 10, 1865.

The troops of this command will be ready to move early to-morrow morning as follows: The Forty-seventh and Fiftieth will embark at this point on board the Osborn. The Osborn will also carry the com-

---------------

*Special Orders, Numbers 57, Department of the Cumberland, June 10, 1865, also included the Fifth Illinois Cavalry.

---------------

