
Mississippi, the commanding officer will report with his command to Lieutenant Colonel G. C. Miner, commanding cavalry depot, at Edgefield, Tenn.

* * * * *

XXX. There being no executive to the State of Georgia at this time to authorize the properly elected civil officers of the State to assume the duties of their offices, the following-named persons elected to the offices annexed to their names in Whitfield County, Ga., will enter upon these offices at once, and be obeyed and respected accordingly, this authority to remain in force and effect until the civil government of the State resumes its legitimate functions: Wilson Norton, judge inferior court; William Whitten, judge interior court; Thomas Henderson, judge inferior court; John Henderson, judge inferior court; A. Cardin, judge inferior court; L. N. Speer, sheriff; W. W. Baker, clerk superior court; T. M. McHair, clerk inferior court; Isaac Whitten, ordinary; William Richardson, coroner; John Hill, county treasurer; S. Fulton, county surveyor; N. P. Harven, justice of the peace; W. P. Hackney, justice of the peace; L. Longley, constable; E. Wrinkle, constable; C. McCall, justice of the peace, Tunnel Hill District; J. C. Mitchell, justice of the peace, Tunnel Hill District; J. B. Capehart, justice of the peace, Trickum District; William Hid, justice of the peace, Trickum District; R. Osborn, justice of the peace, Tilton District; John Faith, justice of the peace, Tilton District; William Hardcastle,, justice of the peace, Ninth District; John Cone, justice of the peace, Ninth District; John Hackney, justice of the peace, Tenth District; William Smith, justice of the peace, Tenth District; W. H. Wilson, justice of the peace, Eleventh District; Sam Reed, justice of the peace, Eleventh District.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILTON HEAD, S. C. June 12, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

I have your dispatch of the 8th about the 2,000 cavalry. I would like them distributed as follows, so far as possible, without splitting battalions, with each detached battalion commanded by a field officer if practicable, viz: Five hundred to 600 to Augusta, to report to General Molineux; from 200 to 300 to Hawkinsville, to report by courier to General Washburn, at Doctortown; from 150 to 200 to Tallahassee, to report by telegraph to General Vodges, at Jacksonville; and the balance to Orangeburg, S. C., to report by telegraph to Major-General Hatch, at Charleston. I have ordered forage to be sent to Augusta, Tallahassee, and Orangeburg. I may not be able to get it to Hawkinsville in time, in which case the commands sent there may move down the river to Dosctortown, where they will meet it. Please answer.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, June 12, 1865.,

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE:

I have already sent a party some days ago of thirty men to Centerville, and will increase it and give them orders to kill every scoundrel

