
Division of West Mississippi, the commanding officer will report with his command to Lieutenant Colonel G. G. Miner, commanding cavalry depot, Edgefield, Tenn.

* * * * *

XIX. The One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry is hereby relieved from further duty in the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps. The commanding officer will report with h is command to Brevet Major-General Miller, commanding Post of Nashville, Tenn.

XX. The commanding officer of the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry will report with his command to Major General L. H. Rousseau, commanding District of Middle Tennessee, to be sent to Johnsonville, Tenn., for garrison duty at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Macon, Ga., June 13, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

Your dispatch of the 12th is received. My instructions were to send the 2,000 men to South Carolina, and as under the new order Florida and Georgia are in General Thomas' military division, I will delay making any more detachments until I receive order from him. I have now a party at Hawkinsville; will therefore send the men, via Augusta, to Orangeburg. Please let me know if this will be agreeable and also how urgent is the necessity of moving at once. The muster out will cause some delay and had better be all disposed of before the troops move again. Please have a supply of forage at Augusta ready to send out to meet the troops. Two regiments will march from here and one from Atlanta.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 41. Louisville, Ky., June 13, 1865.

At his own request Captain J. Bates Dickson, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from duty at these headquarters. The commanding general tenders him his thanks for the ability and untiring energy he has displayed in the discharge of his official duties.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 98. Louisville, Ky., June 13, 1865.

1. Colonel C. J. Dilworth, Eighty-fifth Illinois, is, at his own request, relieved from the command of the post of Covington and will report to his regiment at Springfield, Ill., by way of Havana. Colonel Dilworth

