
part of the train. Push your brigade on, and when the train comes up it will give the road to General Long's column and the pontoons. After the pontoons pass, it will take the road again in advance of Long's train. The regiment with it will remain as guard until it crosses the ferry. The train must reach Jasper if possible to-night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. MCCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jasper, Ala., March 27, 1865 - 12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Upton has crossed everything at Saunders' Ferry; found a good ford, but if it should rain to-night we shall have to use the bridge. Therefore shove it along, but you may give the road to McCook, as he seems to be nearer here than you are. Get all the forage you can. Fill up pack train with all supplies of ammunition and rations you can carry, for just as soon as you cross the Locust Fork of the Warrior I want to push on without wheels to join Upton, who will reach the Mulberry Fork to-night. You may take two or three wagons to each brigade for extra ammunition and the minimum number for headquarters. Artillery and ambulances as a matter of course go. I intend to leave the entire train under protection of the dismounted men and one mounted battalion from one of McCook's poorly armed regiments.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,One Mile from Jasper, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG:

GENERAL: Push your pontoon train to the front as rapidly as possible, doubling teams on it if it cannot travel fast otherwise. It is necessary that the pontoon train should reach Saunders' Ferry to-night. Gather up as much forage as possible on both sides of the road. General Upton reports great scarcity at Saunders' Ferry. Push forward your command in order that it may reach the ferry to-night and cross by the ford before the stream rises. Leave your train with a sufficient guard for its protection. It should reach Jasper to-night. The pontoons will pass your wagon train at the first place it can be done.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wilson:

E. B. BEAUMONT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Mulberry Fork of Black Warrior, Saunders' Ferry, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General ELI LONG:

GENERAL: It is of the utmost importance that the pontoon train should be here by daylight to-morrow, on account of the threatening bad weather. Push the pontoons through as rapidly as possible;

