
will turn over the command to the next in rank. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to Colonel Dilworth, servants, and horses.

* * * * * *

7. The organization of the One hundred and twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry having been reported complete by the superintendent organizing U. S. colored troops, the regiment is assigned to the Second Division. The commanding officer will report by letter for orders to Brevet Brigadier-General Murray, commanding Second Division.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

E. B. HARLAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 157. New Orleans, La., June 13, 1865.

* * * * *

13. The Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery, now at the city of Mobile, will be dismounted, its horses turned over to the quartermaster's, department, and its guns to the ordnance department. It will then proceed to Fort Gaines, Ala., and be reported to the commanding officer for garrison duty at that place. The commanding officer of the Post and District of Mobile is charged with the execution of this order.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 2. Jackson, Miss., June 13, 1865.

I. With the approval of the major-general commanding department, the District of Mississippi is divided into five sub-districts, viz:

1. The Sub-District of Southwest Mississippi, Bvt. Major General J. W. Davidson commanding, headquarters at Vicksburg, comprising the counties in the southwestern portion of the State, and terminating on the north and east with the counties of Issaquena, Yazoo, Madison, Rankin, Simpson, Lawrence, and Pike.

2. The Sub-District of Northwest Mississippi, Brigadier General M. L. Smith commanding, headquarters at Grenada, comprising the counties north of the Sub-District of Southwest Mississippi, and terminating on the east with the counties of Marshall, Fayette, Calhoun, Choctaw, and Attala.

3. The Sub-District of Northeast Mississippi, Brigadier General J. A. Maltby commanding, headquarters at Okolona, comprising the counties east of the Sub-District of Northwest Mississippi, and terminating on the south with the counties of Oktibbeha and Lowndes.

4. The Sub-District of East Mississippi, Bvt. Brigadier General W. L. McMillen commanding, headquarters at Meridian, and comprising the counties east and south of the districts previously defined, and terminating with the counties of Covington, Jones, and Wayne.

5. The Sub-District of Southeast Mississippi will comprise the remaining counties in the southeastern portion of the State, and its

