
commanding officer will be hereafter announced. The sub-district commanders above designated will repair at once to their respective stations.

II. Immediate reports will be forwarded, in pursuance of the subjoined extract from General Orders, Numbers 81, current series, from the headquarters Department of the Gulf:

District and other commanders will immediately report, by the quickest means of communication, the number, character, and location of the troops under their command; the condition of the country occupied by them; the depots from which and the routes by which they are supplied; the quantity and character of the supplies that can be procured in the country at less cost than they can be furnished from the general depot; the character and present condition of the railroad, telegraphic, and other means of communication, and any other information or suggestions that may be useful.

By order of Major-General Osterhaus:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Mobile, Ala., June 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Laughlin, Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteers, is relieved from duty as acting assistant inspector-general and assigned to duty as provost-marshal-general of the corps.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, June 14, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

In the absence of General Canby I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 10th. Governor Moore, of Alabama, was sent to Fort Pulaski by the steamer Constitution, which left here Saturday morning. Governor Clark, of Mississippi, arrived here yesterday evening, and will be sent forward next Saturday.

Very respectfully,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., June 14, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding Second Division, and Third Brigade, First Division:

GENERAL: You will have the troops of your command embarked as rapidly as possible on vessels which will be designated to you by Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, chief quartermaster of the corps, who will remain to attend to the shipment, and ordered to report without delay to the commanding officer at Galveston, Tex. Your division will be sent first, the Third Brigade, First Division, will immediately follow. The Fourth and Seventh Massachusetts Batteries and no others will be embarked with your forces. The other batteries will await further orders, and will not delay your movements. Lieutenant-Colonel

