HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., June 14, 1865.

Brevet Major-General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Second Division:

Move with your division as soon as you can get off in the morning to-morrow, leaving behind such regiment and detachments as are not paid. Please to go yourself, and at Johnsoville be particular that the boats are properly loaded, neither too many nor too few men being placed on each boat. Major Steele will go by the first boat to New Orleans to report to General Canby and ascertain our stopping place. I think you can best load the cars at the platform between your camp and the city. The boats are now awaiting the corps at Johnsonville at great expense and we cannot delay longer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp Harker, Nashville, Tenn., June 14, 1865.

The division will move by rail to Johnsonville to-morrow morning early. The time and order of movements will be announced hereafter. The command will be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks. All safe-guards will be ordered to join their commands at reveille to-morrow morning.

By command of Brevet Major-General Elliott:

JAMES A. SPENCE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., June 14, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILSON, Macon, Ga.:

I have your dispatch of the 13th about the cavalry. I have no information concerning the new military departments and military divisions. Please give me all the news under the new aspect of matters. Please send from 800 to 1,000 cavalry to Orangeburg after you get through mustering out. General Molineux wants a small cavalry force. Please do not split the regiments sent to Orangeburg, especially if South Carolina and Georgia are to be in different departments.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

PULASKI, June 14, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

Cannot the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, which is now at Courtland, Ala., under General Granger, be ordered back? They were sent there under your telegraphic orders to assist Granger in keeping his district in order until the First Alabama Cavalry should arrive, which I understand has been there some ten days. I can get no word from General Granger about them. It is quite essential that they should be here to accomplish muster out and consolidation.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brevet Major-General.

63 R R-VOL XLIX, PT II

