HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mobile, Ala., June 14, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

Commanding Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: As soon as proper transportation can be furnished you, which will be immediately after the other troops of the corps now here have been embarked for their destination, you will embark that portion of your command now in or near Mobile and proceed to Brazos Santiago, Tex., reporting immediately upon arrival to Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers.

By order of Major-General Granger:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 154. Memphis, Tenn., June 14, 1865.

I. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, the Fifth Illinois Cavalry will be held in readiness to embark on the receipt of orders. The regiment will take all their camp and garrison equipage and ordnance stores, and must be ready to move at a moment's notice. The detachments on the line of the railroad and at posts outside the city will at once be relieved and brought to their old camp-ground near the city to prepare for leaving. Ten days' rations and ten days' forage will be drawn and made ready to put on the boats. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

II. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, commanding Cavalry Division, District of West Tennessee, will embark the cavalry regiments under marching orders on board transports at the levee as fast as they arrive. They will report to Major-General Merritt or the commanding officer at Alexandria, La.

* * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General John E. Smith:

W. H. MORGAN,Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Memphis, June 14, 1865.

Colonel H. DAVIS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Collierville, Tenn.:

Move your regiment at once into Memphis and be in readiness to embark without delay here. Have all worn-out and surplus quartermaster's property ready to turn over to the division quartermaster and be prepared to embark with ten days' rations and forage, instead of six, as in previous orders. The command of the Second Brigade devolves on the officer next in rank to you of the regiments that are to remain. You are to go with your regiment.

By order of Brigadier-General Roberts:

B. K. ROBERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

