
XXIV. Company A, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, is hereby assigned to duty at these headquarters. Captain Lloyd will report in person to the assistant adjutant-general for instructions.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY M. CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, GA., June 15, 1865.

(Received 1.10 p.m. 16th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Captain Nunan, of the Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, has just returned from Irwin County, whither he was sent to execute orders in regard to the two bags of money and the arrest of the negro man Jones. He reports that a short time after Davis was arrested three Confederate men or officers returned to the camp and carried a carpetbag away with them. They took the same route said to have been taken by Breckinridge a day or two before, and crossed the Flint River near Albany. The captain feeling that he could do nothing more returned to this place. The men, he reports, were probably the three out of Davis' ten who were away at the time of his capture. I have now in my possession the records of Confederate Treasury Department. The secret journal and all the proceedings of the so-called Provisional Congress have also been delivered to me by Howell Cobb, who as president of the body was charged with making some copies and revising the record. What shall I do with them?

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

MACON, GA., June 15, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have just learned that the U. S. branch mint at Dahlonega is in good order, all of the buildings and fixtures being complete. I have directed General Winslow to send an officer and a party of men to that place for the purpose of protecting the interests of the Government. Citizens represent that considerable quantities of gold are being dug in the vicinity. The Treasury Department should take the matter in hand. Please send instructions.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

(Same to General Thomas.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 15, 1865.

Major-General WILSON,

Macon, Ga.:

It is reported that the specie which Davis took from Richmond remained at Danville four days; was sent thence by rail to Augusta; was then brought back to Abbeville, S. C., where it was placed in six wagons and sent to Washington, Ga. This is sent you in the hope that it may aid in the discovery of the money.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

