
MACON, GA., June 15, 1865.

(Received 16th.)

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

A number of inquiries of mine remain unanswered. Please invite the general's attention to them as soon as he returns. I am about sending 2,000 cavalry to South Carolina. When they are gone I shall be a little weak handed for garrisons; besides, men cannot do garrison duty well and care for horses same time. I don't think cavalry is very good for that purpose anyhow; therefore, would suggest that a force of infantry be placed at my disposal, in accordance with the instructions of General Grant, so that I can collect the cavalry into one organized command and bring to a high state of discipline, and hold it always in readiness for special service. The number of infantry required will depend upon the extent of the territory under my charge, and the policy to be pursued. The people are everywhere orderly and submissive, and none more so than the returned soldiers-officers more so than men. Therefore, in mustering out, I would retain every officer the original organization would allow. No cavalry officers ought to be mustered out until the regimental organization has disappeared entirely. Please insist upon this point with the War Department. The best interest of the cavalry service depends upon it. The Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad will be finished by the 25th instant. There are 32 locomotives and 300 cars now in possession of General Winslow. I have directed him to make arrangements to do all the business of the road, and to prevent complications it would be well to take off all the Government rolling-stock. I have now in my possession the records of the C. S. Treasury Department, and the secret journal of the Provisional Congress. Shall I send them forward in charge of an officer? There are several other important points upon which I wished to consult the general. I would be glad to see him soon, either here or any other point he will designate.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 15, 1865.

Brigadier General E. L. MOLINEUX, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding at Augusta, Ga.:

The Secretary of War directs that you send four trunks and six boxes belonging to the rebel General Beauregard, and reported to be in your care, to this city under charge of an officer, who will be responsible for their safe delivery. Report receipt of this order, name of officer sent with the parcels, and date of their departure from Augusta.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 108. Macon, Ga., June 15, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. Major C. L. Greeno, corps provost-marshal, will immediately proceed to Athens, Ga., for the purpose of procuring of Howell Cobb the secret journal and all documents, papers, &amp;c., belonging to the so-called

