THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
' Rehired, That the Secretary of the Treasury be insti tid-
ed to communicate to the Senate a map of the coon try'in
tile-immediate vicinity of the Sault de Ste. M.ine. t .
State of Michigan, exhibiting the military reservation and
the private land claims at that place; together with copies
of any evidence respecting said claims to be fonna in t.ie
General Land Office.
Mr. HANNEGAN gave notice that he should,
on to-morrow, ask leave of the Senate to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones.
Mr. WESTCOTT gave notice that he should,
on to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill further
to carry into effect the provisions and stipulations
of the ninth article of the Florida treaty, with re-
spect to certain losses of Spanish subjects in West
Florida.
Mr. SEVIER, from the committee on the j^art
of the Senate, jointly with the committee appoint-
ed on the part of the House of Representatives, to
wait on the President of the United States and in-
form him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and that Congress is ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make, re-
ported that they had performed the duty assigned
them, and that the President stated that he would
make a communication to each House forthwith.
The Annual Message was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. J. Knox
Walker, his Private Secretary.
After the reading of the Message had been pro-
ceeded with for some time,
Mr. SEVIER'remarked, that the message was
a long one, andrthat Senators already had it upon
their desks. He therefore moved that its further
reading be dispensed with, and that the usual
number be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE then .moved that 5,000 extra
copies of the message, and 2,000 of the message
and documents.*be printed.
Mr. ALLEN suggested, that as the message
was very long, and on that account might be ex-
cluded from many of the newspapers, a larger
number would be desirable. It was a document
of very great importance, and looked for with
great interest in the country; he would move to
amend the motion, by making it read 25,000, in-
stead of 5,000.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the motion? |
Do I understand that it is to print 27,000 copies of ,
the message? I
Mr. ALLEN stated his amendment. |
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested that the smaller ,
number would be sufficient, as the document would
find its way to the public through the press.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the
resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 7, 1847.
Several other members appeared this day, were
sworn to support the Constitution of the United
States, and took their seats in the House, viz:
Mr. Thomas Butler King, of Georgia;
Mr. Franklin W. Bow don, of Alabama;
Mr. William M. Cocke, of Tennessee; and
Mr. Orlando B. Ficklix, of Illinois.
The Delegate from the Territory of Wisconsin,
Mr. John £L Tweedy, also appeared, was quali-
fied, and took his seat.
ELECTION OF CLERK. l
The first business being the resolution moved j
yesterday by Mr. Levin, he modified the same to
read as follows:
Resolved, That tins House do now proceed to vote viva
voce tor Clerk.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS nominated Thomas Jefferson
Campbell, of Tennessee.
Mr. BRODHEAD nominated Benjamin B.
French, of Washington City.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, nominated
Samuel L. Gouverneur, of New York.
Mr. Toombs, Mr. Brodhead, and Mr. Holmes ■
of South Carolina, were appointed tellers.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll alpha-
betically, and, having called it through—
The tellers reported that the whole number of
votes given were '225: necessary to a choice 113;
of which—
Mr. Thomas Jefferson Campbell received  113
Mr. Benjamin JJ. French  109
Mr. Samuel Gouverneur  1
Mr. Geoige Kent    1
Mr. Nathan Sargent  ....  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Thomas J. Campbell—Messrs. Abbott, Gieen Adams, |
Ashmun, Bamnger, Barrow, Belcher, Blanchard, Botts,
Boyden, Brady, Bwckner, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Chapman,
Chngman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Ctanston, Cusfieid,
Crowe!!, Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Daniel
Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn,Eckert, Edwards, Embree,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans*, Fan el!y, Fisher, Flonrnoy,
Freediev, Fulton, Gayle, Gentry, Gng<an, Gott, Gregory,
Gunnel!, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses
Hampton, Haskell, Heniy, HiHiard,HoHey,EIias B. Holmes,
Hoinbeck, John W Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt;
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Trvin, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Tnomas
Butler King, Daniel P. King, YVilham T. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, ftlellvauie, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Mulim,Nelson,
Nos, Newell, Outlaw, Palfre.v, Ppndleton, Pollock, Preston,
Putnam, Reynold*, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Roman, Rose, Root, Ramsey, St. John, Schenck, Shepherd,
Siierrill, ShngerUnd, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Ste-
phens', Andrew Stewart, Strohin, Sylvester, Tallmadge,
Thibodeaux, Taylor, Tompkins, Richard W. Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren,
VVIiite, Wilson, and Wintlnop.
For Benjamin B. French—Messrs. John Quiney Adams,
Atkinson, Ba>ly, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Birdsall,
Black, Bocock, Bowdon, Eowlin, Bojd, Biodhead, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Charles Brown, Buit, Cathcart, Chase,
Clapp, Franklin Claik, Beverly L. Claik, llowcli Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins, Cummins, Daniel. Dick-
inson, Ed>aII, Faian, Feather&ton, Fickhn, Tries, French,
Green, Willatd P. Hall, Hammons, Haralson, lJarmanson,
Harris, Henley, Hill, George S.Houston, Insre, Charles J.
Tngersoll, Iveison, Jackson, Jamieson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James II. Johnson, Robert W.J ohnton, George W.
Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahin, La SC-re, Sidney Law-
rence, Letfier, Levin, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin, Maelay,AIc-
CJellandjMcClernand, McDowell, McK.ty, MeLane, Mann,
Meado, \iiller, Mouis, Morse, Murphy, Nicoll, Pea?lee,
Peck, Fetne, PoUit, Peyton, Phelp?, Rhett, Richardson,
Richey, Robinson, Roekhill, Sawyer, Simpson, Sims, Snmit,
Robert Smith, Stinton, Starkweather, Ch&iles PI. Stuait,
Stiong, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Ro-
bert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Turner,
Venr'ble, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Wiley, Wilmot,
and Woodwaid.
For Samuel L. Gouverneur—Mr. Isaac E. Holmes.
For Nuihan Sargent—Mr. Giddings.
Foi Geoige Kent—Ml. Tuck.
Mr. Campbell, having received a majority of :
the whole number of votes given, was duly elect- |
ed Clerk of the House of Repiesentatives of the i
United States for the Thirtieth Congress, and ;
accordingly presented himself, took the oath of!
office, and entered upon the discharge of the du- j
ties thereof. ;
CHOICE OF SEATS. j
Mr. ALEXANDER EVANS offered the fol- ;
lowing resolution:
i
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, immediately after ■
the parage of this lesoluuon, place in a box the name of [
each member and delegate of the House of Representatives j
upon a separate piece of paper; that he Then proceed, in the :
presence of the House, to draw from said box, one at a I
time, the said pieces of pager, and as each is drawn he shall j
announce the name of tlf§"kiember upon it, who shall then }
choose his seat for the present session: Provided, That be- [!
fore said drawing shall commence, the Speaker shall cause
every seat to be vacated, and shall see that each seat contin-
ues vacant until it is selected under tlus order.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
The question was decided by yeas and nays as
follows: Yeas 7T, nays 138.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HUNT, from the joint committee on the
paU of the House to wait on the President of the
United States and inform him that a quorum of
the two Houses of Congress had assembled, and
were ready to receive any communication he might
be pleased to make, stated that the Committee had
performed that duty, and that the President re-
quested the committee to report that he would
forthwith transmit to the House a message* in
writing.
And soon the SPEAKER laid before the House
the Annual Message from the President of the
United States, which was read, as follows:
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives:
The annual meeting of Congress is always an
interesting event. The Representatives of the
States and of the people come fresh from their con-
stituents to take counsel together for the common
good. After an existence of near three-fourths of
a century as a free and independent Republic, the
problem no longer remains to be solved, whether
man is capable of self-government. The success
of our admirable system is a conclusive refutation
of the theories of those in other countries who
maintain that u a favored few" are born to rule,
and that the-mass of mankind must be governed by
force. Subject to no arbitrary or hereditary au-
thority, the people are the only sovereigns recog-
nised by our Constitution. Numerous emigrants
of every lineage and language, attracted by the
civil and religious freedom we enjoy, and by our
happy condition, annually crowd to our shores,
and transfer their heart, not less than their'alle-
giance, to the country whose dominion belongs to
the people.
No country has been so much favored, or should
acknowledge with deeper reverence the manifesta-
tions of the Divine protection. An all-wise Cre-
ator directed and guarded us in our infant struggle
for freedom, and has constantly watched over our
surprising progress, until we have become one of
the great nations of the earth.
It is in a country thus favored, and under a Gov-
ernment in which the Executive and Legislative
branches hold their authority for limited periods,
alike from the people, and where all are responsi-
ble to their respective constituencies, that it is again
my duty to communicate with Congress upon the
st&te of the .Union, and the present condition of
public affairs.
During the past year the most gratifying proofs
are presented that our country has been blessed
with a wide-spread and universal prosperity. There
has been no period since the Government was
founded when all the industrial pursuits of our
people have been more successful, or when labor
in all branches of business has received a fairer or •
better reward. From our abundance we have been
enabled to perform the pleasing duty of furnishing
food for the starving millions of less favored coun-
tries. In the enjoyment of the bounties of Provi-
dence at home, such as have rarely fallen to the lot
of any people, it is cause of congratulation that our
intercourse with all the Powers of the earth, except
Mexico, continues to be of an amicable character.
It has ever been our cherished policy to cultivate
peace and good-will with all nations, and this pol-
icy has been steadily pursued by me.
No change has taken place in our relations with
Mexico since the adjournment of the last Congress.
The war in which the United States were forced to
engage with the Government of that country still
continues.
I deem it unnecessary, after the full exposition
of them contained in my message of the eleventh
of May, 1846, and in my annual message at the
commencement of the session of Congress in De-
cember last, to reiterate the serious causes of com-
plaint which we had against Mexico before she
commenced hostilities.
It is sufficient on the present occasion to say,
that the wanton violation of the rights of person
and property of our citizens committed by Mexico,
her repeated acts of bad faith, through along series
of years, and her disregard of solemn treaties,
stipulating for indemnity to our injured citizens,
not only constituted ample cause of war on our
part, but were of such an aggravated character as
would have justified us before the whole world in
resorting to this extreme remedy. With an anx-
ious desire to avoid a rupture between the two
countries, we forbore for years to assert our clear
rights by force, and continued to seek redress for
the wrongs we had suffered by amicable negotia-
tion, in the hope that Mexico might yield to pacific
councils and the demands of justice. In this hope
we were disappointed. Our minister of peace sent
to Mexico was insultingly rejected. The Mexican
Government refused even to hear the terms of ad-
justment which he was authoiized to propose* and
finally, under wholly unjustifiable pretexts, in-
volved the two countries in war, by invading the
territory of the State of Texas, striking the first
blow, and shedding the blood of our citizens on
our own soil.
Though the United States were the aggrieved
nation, Mexico commenced the war, and we were
compelled, in self-defence, to repel the invader,
and to vindicate the national honor and interests
by prosecuting it with vigor until we could obtain
a just and honorable peace.
On learning that hostilities had been commenced
by Mexico, I promptly communicated that fact,
accompanied with a succinct statement of our other
causes of complaint against Mexico, to Congress;
and that body, by the act of the thirteenth of May,
1846, declared, that" by the act of the Republic of
