1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
Mexico, a state of war exists between that Gov-
ernment, and the United States." This act,declaring
" the war to exist by the act of the Republic of
Mexico," and making provision for its prosecu-
tion " to a speedy and successful termination,"
was passed with great unanimity by Congress,
there being but two negative votes in the Senate,
and but fourteen in the House of Representatives.
The existence of the war having thus been de-
clared by Congress, it became my duty, under the
Constitution and the laws, to conduct and prose-
cute it. This duty has beet) performed; and though,
at every stage of its progress, I have manifested a
willingness totermihate it by a just peace, Mexico
has refused to accede to any terms which could be
accepted by the United States, consistently with
the national honor and interest.
The rapid and brilliant successes of our arms,
and the vast extent of the enemy's territory which
had been overrun and conqueied before the close
of the last session of Congress, were folly known
to that body. Since that'time, the war has been
prosecuted with increased energy, and I am grati-
fied to state with a success which commands uni-
versal admiration. History presents no parallel
of so many glorious victories .achieved by any
nation within so short a period. Our army, regu-
lars and volunteers, have covered themselves with
imperishable honors. Whenever and wherever
our forces have encountered the enemy, though he
was in vastly superior numbers, and often en-
trenched in fortified positions of his own selection,
and of great strength, he has been defeated. Too
much praise cannot be bestowed upon our officers
and men, regulars and volunteers, for their gallant-
ry, discipline, indomitable courage and persevc-
r<mce, all seeking the post of danger, and vying
with each other in deeds of noble daring. *
While every patriot's heart, must exult, and a
just national pride animate every bosom, in be-
holding the high pi oofs of courage, consummate
military skill, steady discipline, and humanity to
the vanquished enemy, exhibited by our gallant
army, the nation is called to mourn over the loss
of many brave officers and soldiers who have fallen
in defence of their country's honor "and interests.
The brave dead met their melancholy fate in a for-
eign land, nobly discharging their duty, and with
their country's flag waving triumphantly in the
face <of the foe. Their patriotic deeds are justly
appreciated, and will long be remembered by their
grateful countrymen. The parental care of the
Government they loved and served should be ex-
tended to' their surviving families.
Shortly after the adjournment of the last session
of Congress, the gratifying intelligence was re-
ceived of the signal victory of Buena Vista, and
of the fall of the city of Vera Cruz, and with it the
strong castle of San Juan de TJMoa, by which it
was defended. Believing that after these and other
successes, so honorable to our arms and so disas-
trous to Mexico, the period was propitious to
afford her another opportunity, if she thought
proper to embrace it, to enter into negotiations for
peace, a Commissioner was appointed to proceed
to the headquarters of our army, with full powers
to enter upon negotiations, and to conclude a just
and honorable treaty of peace. He was not direct-
ed to make any new overtures of peace, but was
the bearer of a despatch from the Secretary of State
of the United States to the Minister of Foreign
Affairs of-Mexieo, in reply to one received from
the latter of the twenty-second of February, 1847,
in which the Mexican Government was informed
his appointment, and of his presence at the
headquarters of our army, and that he was invested
with full powers to conclude a definitive treaty of
peace, whenever the Mexican Government might
signify a desire to do so. While I was unwilling
to subject the United States to another indignant
retusa , L was yet resolved that the evils of the war
should'not be protracted a day longer than might
be rendered absolutely necessary by the Mexican
Government.
Care was taken to give no instructions to the
Commissioner which could in any way interfere
with our military operations, or relax our energies
in the prosecution of the war. He possessed no
authority in any manner to control these opera-
tions. He was authorized to exhibit his-instruc-
tions to the General in command of. the army and
m the event of a treaty being concluded atid'rati-
fied on the part of Mexico, he was directed to give
turn notice of that fact. On the happening of such
contingency, and on receiving notice thereof, the
Genera] in command was instructed by the S cre-
tary of "War to suspend farther active military
operations until further orders. These instruc-
tions were given with a view to intermit hostili-
ties, until the treaty thus ratified by Mexico could
be transmitted to Washington, and receive the
action of the Government of the United States.
The commissioner was also directed, on reach-
ing the army, to deliver to the General in com-
mand the despatch which he bore from the Secre-
tary of State to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Mexico, and, on receiving it, the General was
instructed by the Secretary of War to cause it to
he transmitted to the commander of the Mexican
forces, with a request that it might be communi-
cated to his Government.
The commissioner did not reach the headquar-
ters of the army until after another brilliant victo-
ry had crowned our arms at Cerro Gordo.
The despatch which he bore from the Secretary
of Wat to the General in command of the army
was received by that officcr, then at Jalapa, on the
seventh day of May, 1847, together with the de-
spatch from the Secretary of State to the Minister
of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, having been trans-
mitted to him from Vera Cruz. The Commis-
sioner arrived at the headquarters of the army
a few days afterwards. His presence with the
army and his diplomatic character were made
known to the Mexican Government, from Puebla,
on the twelfth of June, 1847, by the transmission
of the despatch from the Secretary of State to the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
Many weeks elapsed after its receipt, and no
overtures were made, nor was any desire express-
ed by the Mexioan Government to enter into ne-
gotiations for peace.
Our army pursued its march upon the capital,
and, as it approached it, was met by formidable
resistance. Our forces first encountered the ene-
my, and achieved signal victories in the severely
contested battles of Contreras and Churubusco.
It was not until after these actions had resulted in
decisive victories, and the capital of the enemy
was within our power, that .the Mexican Govern-
ment manifested any disposition to enter into nego-
tiations for peace; and even then, as events have
proved, there is too much reason to believe they
were insincere, and that in agreeing to go through
the forms of negotiation, the object was to gain
time to strengthen the defences of their capital, and
to prepare for fresh resistance.
The General in Command'of the army deemed
it expedient to suspend hostilities temporarily, by
entering into an armistice with a view to the open-
ing of negotiations. Cpnmiis.sioners were appoint-
ed on the part of Mexico to meet the commis-
sioner on the pait of the United States. The
result of the conferences which took place between
these functionaries of the two Governments was a
failure to conclude a treaty of peace.
The commissioner of the United States took
with him the projet of a treaty already prepared,
by the terms of which the indemnity required by
the United States was a cession of territory.
It is well known that the only indemnity ivhich
it is in the power of Mexico to make in satisfaction
of the just and long-deferred claims of our citizens
against her, and the only means by which she can
reimburse the United States- for the expenses of
the war, is a cession to the United States of a por-
tion of her territory. Mexico has no money to
pay, and no other means of making the required
indemnity. 1 If we refuse this, we can obtain noth-
ing else. To reject indemnity, by refusing to ac-
cept a cession of territory, would be to abandon
all our just demands, and to wage the war, bearing
all its expenses, without a purpose or definite ob-
ject.
A state of war abrogates treaties previously ex-
isting between the belligerents, and a treaty of
peace puts an end to all claims for indemnity—for
tortious acts committed, under the authority of one
Government against the citizens or subjects of an-
other, unless they are provided for in its stipula-
tions. ^ A treaty of peace which would- terminate
the existing war, without providing for indemnity,
would enable Mexico—the acknowledged debtor,
and herself the aggressor in the war—to relieve
herself from her just liabilities. By such a treaty,
our citizens, who hold just demands against her,
would have, no remedy either against Mexico or
their own Government. Our duty to these citizens
must forever prevent such a peace, and no treaty
which does not provide ample means of discharging
these demands can receive my sanction.
A" treaty of peace should settle all existing differ-
ences between the two countries. If an adequate
cession of territory should be made by such a
treaty, the United States should release Mexico
from all her liabilities, and assume their payment
to our own citizens. If, instead of this, the United
States were to consent to a treaty by which Mexi-
co should again engage to pay the heavy amount
of indebtedness which a just indemnity to. our Gov-
ernment and our citizens would impose on her, it
is notorious that she does not possess the means
to meet such an undertaking. From such a treaty
no result could be anticipated, but the same irrita-
ting disappointments which have heretofore attend-
ed the violations of similar treaty stipulations on
the part of Mexico. Such a treaty would be but
a temporary cessation of hostilities, ^yithout the
restoiation of the friendship and good understand-
ing which should characterize the future intercourse
between the two countries.
That Congress contemplated the acquisition of
territorial indemnity when that body made provi-
sion for the prosecution of the war, is obvious.
Congress could not have meant, when, in May,
184G, they appropriated ten millions of dollars, and
authorized the President to employ the militia and
naval and military forces of the United States, and
to accept the services of fifty thousand volunteeis.,
to enable him to prosecute the war, and when, at
their last session, and after our army had invaded
Mexico, they made additional appropriations and
authorized the raising of additional troops for the
same purpose, that no indemnity was to be ob-
tained from Mexico at the conclusion of the war;
and yet it was certain, that if no Mexican territory
was acquired, no indemnity could be obtained.
It is further manifest that Congress contemplated
territorial indemnity, from the fact that, at their
last session, an act was passed, upen the Execu-
tive recommendation, appropriating three millions
of dollars with that express object. This appro-
priation was made " to enable the President to
conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and boundaries,
with the Republic of Mexico, to be used by him
in the event that said treaty, when signed hy the
authorized agents of the two Governments, and
duly ratified by Mexico, shall call for the expendi-
ture of the same, or any part thereof." The object
of asking this appropriation was distinctly stated in
the several messageson the subject which Icommu-
nicated to Congress. Similar appropriations made
in 1803 and 1806, which were referred to, were
intended to be applied in part consideration for the
cession of Louisiana and the Floridas. In like
manner it was anticipated, thatin settling the terms
of a treaty of " limits and boundaries" with Mex-
ico, a cession of territory estimated to he of greater
value than the amount of our demands against her
might be obtained; and that the prompt payment
of this sum—in part consideration for the territory
ceded—on the conclusion of a treaty, and its rati-
fication on her part, might be an inducement with
her to make such a cession of territory as would
be satisfactory to the United States. And although
the failure to conclude such a treaty has rendered
it unnecessary to use any part of the three millions
of dollars appropriated by that act, and the entire
sum remains in the Treasury, it is still applicable
to that object, should the contingency occur making
such application proper.
The doctrine of no territory is the doctrine of
no indemnity; and if sanctioned, would be a public
acknowledgment that our country was wrong, and
that the war declared by Congress with extraordi-
nary unanimity, was unjust, and should be aban-
doned—an admission unfounded in fact, and de-
grading to the national character.
The terms of the treaty proposed by the United
States were not only just to Mexico, but, consider-
ing the character and amount of our claims, the
unjustifiable and unprovoked commencement of
hostilities by her, the expenses of the war to which
we have been subjected, and the success which
had attended our arms, were deemed to be of a
most liberal character.
The commissioner of the United States was au-
thorized to agree to the establishment of the Rio
Grande as the boundary, from its entrance into the
Gulf to its intersection with the southern bounda-
ry of New Mexico, in north latitude about thirty-
two degrees, and to obtain a cession to the United
