1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
actof^he enemy, we could not honorably have
avoided, would be to degrade the nation in its own
estimation and in that of the world.
To retire to a line, and simply hold and defend
it, would not terminate the war. On the contrary,
it would encourage Mexico to persevere, and tend
to protract it indefinitely. It is not to be expected
that Mexico, after refusing to establish such a line
as a permanent boundary, when our -victorious
army are in possession of her capital, and in the
heart of her country, would permit us to hold it
"without resistance. That she would continue the
war, and in the most harassing and annoying
forms, there can be nefdoubt. A border warfare
of the most savage character, extending over a
long line,-would be unceasingly waged. It would
require a large army to be kept constantly in the
field, stationed at posts and garrisons along such a
line, to protect and defend it. Theenemy, relieved
from the pressure of our arms on his coasts and in
the populous parts of theinteiior, would direct his
attention to this line, and, selecting an isolated post
for attack, would concentrate his forces upon it.
This would be a condition of affairs which the
Mexicans, pursuing their favorite system of guer-
rilla warfare, would probably prefer to any other.
Were we to assume a defensive attitude on such a
line, all the advantages of such a state of war would
be on the side of the enemy. We could levy no
contributions upon him, or in any other way make
him feel the pressure of the war, but must remain
inactive and await his approach, being in constant
uncertainty at what point on the line, or at what
fcirn^, he might make an assault, H<e may assem-
ble and organize an overwhelming force in the inte-
rior, on his own side of the line, and, concealing
his purpose, make a sudden assault upon some one
of our posts, so distant from any other as to pre-
vent the possibility of timely succor or reinforce-
ments; and in this way our gallant army would
be exposed to the danger of being cut oft'in detail;
or if, by their unequalled bravery and prowess
everywhere exhibited during this war, they should
repulse the enemy, their numbers stationed at any
one post may be loo small to pursue him. If the
enemy be repulsed in one attack, he would have
nothing to do but to retreat to his own side of the
line, and, being in no fear of a pursuing army, may
reinforce himself at leisure, for another attack on
the same or some other post. He may, too, cross
the line between our posts, make rapid incursions
into the country which we hold, murder the in-
habitants, commit depredations on th&pn,and then
retreat to the interior before a sufficient force can
be concentrated to pursue him. Such would prob-
ably be the harassing character of a mere defensive
war on our part. If our forces, when attacked, or
threatened with attack, be permitted to cross the
line, drive back the enemy, and conquer him, this
would beagain to invade the enemy's country, after
having lost all the advantages of the conquests we
have already made, by having voluntarily aban-
doned them. To hold such a line successfully and
in security, it is far from being certain that it would
not require as large an army as would be neces-
sary to hold all the conquests we have already
made, and to continue the prosecution of the war
in the heart of the enemy's country. It is also
far from being certain that the expenses of the war
would be diminished by such a policy.
t am persuaded that the best means of vindica-
ting the national honor and interest, and of bring-
ing the war to an honorable close, will be to prose-
cute it with increased energy and power in the
vital parts of the enemy's country.
, In my annual message to Congress of Decem-
ber last, I declared that the war has not been
waged with a view to conquest; butj having been
commenced by Mexico, it has been carried into
the enemy's country, and will be vigorously pros-
ecuted there, with a view to obtain an honorable
peace, and thereby .secure ample indemnity for
the expenses of the war, as well as to our much-
injuietf citizens, who hold large pecuniary de-
mands against Mexico." Such, in my judgment,
continues to be our true policy-y-indeed, the only
policy which will probably secure a permanent
peace. ' -
It has never been contemplated by me, as an
object of the war, to make a permanent conquest
of the Republic of Mexico, or to annihilate her
separate existence as an independent nation. On
the contrary, it has ever been my desire that she
should maintain her nationality, and, under a good
government adapted to her condition, be a free,
independent, anu prosperous Republic. The Uni-
ted States were the first among the nations to recog-
nise her independence, and have always deshed
to be on terms of amity and good neighborhood
with her. This she would not suffer. By her
own conduct we have been compelled to engage in
the present war. In its prosecution, we seek not
her overthrow as a nation; but, in vindicating our
national honor, we seek to obtain redress for the
wrongs she has done us, and indemnity for our
just demands against her. We demand an hon-
orable peace; and that peace must bring with it
indemnity for the past, and security for the future.
Hitherto Mexico has refused all accommodation
by which such a peace could be obtained.
Whilst our armies have advanced from victory
to victory, fiom the commencement of the war, it
has always been with the olive-branch of peace in
their hands; and it has been in the power of Mex-
ico, at every step, to arrest hostilities by accept-
ing it.
One great obstacle to the attainment of peace
has, undoubtedly, arisen from the fact that Mexico
has been so long held in subjection by one faction
or military usurper after another, and such has
been the condition of insecurity in which their
successive governments have been placed, that
each has been deterred from making peace, lest,
for this very cause, a rival faction might expel it
from power. Such was the fate of President Her-
rcra's administration in 1845, for being disposed
even to listen to the overtures of the United States
to prevent the war, as is fully confirmed by an of-
ficial correspondence, which took place in the
month of August last, between him and his gov-
ernment, a copy of which is herewith communi-
cated. " For this cause alone, the revolution
which displaced him from power was set on foot"
by General Paredes. Such may be the condition
of insecurity of the present Government.
There can be no doubt that the peaeeable and
well-disposed inhabitants of Mexico are convinced
that it is the true interest of their country to con-
clude an honorable peace with the United States;
but the apprehension of becoming the victims of
some military faction or usurper may have pre-
vented them from manifesting their feelings by any
public act. The removal of any such apprehen-
sion would probably cause them to speak their
sentiments freely, and to adopt the measures neces-
sary for the restoration of peace. With a people
distracted and divided by contending factions, and
a Government subject to constant changes by suc-
cessive revolutions, the continued successes of our
arms may fail to secure a satisfactory peace. In
| such event, it may become proper for our com-
manding generals rn the field to give encourage-
ment and assurances of protection to the friends
of peace in Mexico in the establishment and main-
tenance of a free republican Government of their
own choice, able and witling to conclude a peace
which would be just to them, and secure to us"the
indemnity we demand. This may become the
only mode of obtaining such a peacc. Should
such be the result, the war which Mexico has
forced upon us would thus, be converted into an
enduring blessing to herself. After finding her
torn and distracted by factions, and ruled by mili-
tary usurpers, we should then leave her with a
republican Government in the enjoyment of real
independence and domestic peace and prosperity,
performing all her relative duties in the great fami-
ly of nations, and promoting her own happiness
by wise laws and their faithful execution. *
If, after affording this encouragement and pro-
tection, and after all the persevering and sincere
efforts we have made, from the moment Mcxico
commenced the war, and prior to that time, to ad-
just our differences with her, we shall ultimately
fail, then we shall have exhausted all honorable
means in pursuit of peace, and must continue to
occupy her country with our troops, taking the
full measure of indemnity into our own hands,
i and must enforce the terms which our honor de-
j mands.
To act otherwise, in the existing state of things
in Mexico, and to withdraw our army without a
peace, would not only leave all the wrongs of
which we complain unredressed, but would be the
signal for new and fiercc civil dissensions and new
revolutions—all alike hostile to peaceful relations
with the United States.
Besides, there is danger, if our troops were
withdrawn before a peace was concluded, that the
Mexican people, wearied with successive revolu-
tions, and deprived of protection for their persons
and property, might at length be inclined to yield *
to foreign influences, and "to cast themselves into
the arms of some European monarch for protec-
tion from the anaj'chy and suffering which would
ensue. This for our own safety, and in pursu-
ance of our established policy, we should be com-
pelled to resist. We could never consent that ^
Mexico should be thus converted into a monarchy
governed by a foreign prince.
Mexico is our near neighbor, and her bounda-
ries are coterminous with our own, through the
whole extent across the North American conti-
nent, from ocean to ocean. Both politically and
commercially, we have the deepest interest in her
regeneration and prosperity. Indeed, it is impos-
sible that, with any just regard to our own safety,
we can ever become indifferent to her fate.
It may be that the Mexican Government and
people have misconstrued or misunderstood our
forbearance, and our objects, in desiring to con-
clude an amicable adjustment of the existing dif-
ferences between the two countries. They may
have supposed that we would submit to terms de-
grading to the nation; or they may have diawn
false inferences from the supposed-division of
opinion in the United States on the subject of the
war, and may have calculated to gain much by
protracting it; and, indeed, that we might ultimate-
ly abandon it altogether, without insisting: on any
indemnity, territorial or otherwise. Whatever
may be the false impressions under which they
have acted, the adoption and prosecution of the en-
ergetic policy proposed must soon undeceive them.
In the future prosecution of the war, the enemy
must be made to feel its pressure more than they
have heretofore done. At its commencement, it
was deemed proper to conduct it in a spirit of for-
bearance and liberality. With this end in view,
early measures were adopted to conciliate, as far
as a state of war would permit, the mass of the
Mexican population; to convince them that the war
was waged not against the peaceful inhabitants of
Mexico, but against their faithless Government,
which had commenced hostilities; to remove from
their minds the false impressions which their de-
signing and interested rulers had artfully attempted
to make, that the war on otfr part was one of con-
quest; that it was a war against their religion and
their churches, which were to be desecrated and
overthrown; and that their rights of person and
private property would be violated. To remove
these false impressions, our commanders in the
field were directed scrupulously to respect their
leli^ion, their churches, and their church property,
which were in no manner to be violated; they were
directed also to respect the rights of persons and
property of all who should not take up arms against
us.
Assurances to this effect were given to the Mex-
ican people by Major General Taylor, in a procla-
mation issued in pursuance of instructions from
the Secretary of War, in the month ot June, 1846,
and again by Major General Scott, who acted upon
his own convictions of the propriety of issuing it
in a proclamation of the eleventh of May, 1847.
In this spirit of liberality and conciliation, and
with a view to prevent the body of the Mexican
population from taking up arms against us, was
the war conducted on our part. Provisions and
other supplies furnished to our army by Mexican
citizens were paid for at fair and liberal prices
agreed upon by the parties. After the lapse of a
few months, it became apparent that these assu-
rances, and this mild treatment, had failed to pro-
duce the desired effect upon the Mexican popula-
tion. While the war had been conducted on our
part according to the most humane and liberal prin-
ciples observed by civilized nations, it was waged
in a far different spirit on the part of Mexico.
Not appreciating our forbearance, the Mexican
people generally became hostile to the United
States, and availed themselves of every opportu-
nity to commit the most savage excesses upon our
troops. Large numbers of the population took
up arms, and, engaging in guerrilla warfare, robbed
and murdered in the most cruel manner individual
soldiers, or small parties, whom accident or other
causes had separated from the main body of our
army; bands of guerrilleros and robbers infested
the roads, harassed our trains, and, whenever it
was in their power, cut off our supplies.
