8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
compel the enemy to contribute, as far as practi-
cable, towaids the expenses of the war.
For the amount of contributions which have been
The Mexicans having thus shown themselves
to be wholly incapable of appreciating our forbear-
and liberality, it was deemed proper to change '  
mannpr nf conducting the war, by making 'i levied in this form, I refer you to the accompany
them feel its pressure according to the usages ob- '; ing reports of the Secretary of War and of the Sec-
j under similar circumstances by all" other ;1 retary of the Navy, by which it appears that a
'' sum exceeding halt a million of dollars has been
collected.
civilized nations. ,
Accordingly, as early as the twenty-second of ,
September,"l 846, instructions were given by the ;
Secretary of War to Major General Taylor to ;
" draw supplies" for our army " from the enemy, 1
■without paying for them, and to require contribu-
tions for its support," if in that way lie was satis-
fied he could "getobundant supplies foi his forces."
In directing the execution of these instructions, i
much was necessarily left to the discretion of the !
commanding officer, who was best acquainted with |
the circumstances by which he was surrounded, 1
the wants of the army, and the practicability of ,
enforcing the measure. j
General Taylor, on the twenty-sixth of October, ;
1846,replied, from Monterey, that " it would have '
been impossible hitherto, and is so now, to sustain
the army to any extent by forced contributions of
money or supplies." For the reasons assigned
by him, he did not adopt the policy of his instiuc-
tions, but declared his readiness to do so, " should
the army, in its future operations, reach a portion
of the country which may be made to supply the
troops with advantage." "He continued to pay for
the articles of supply which were drawn from the
enemy's country. _
Similar instructions were issued to Major Gen-
eral Scott on the third of April, 1847, who replied,
from Jalapa, on the twentieth of May, 1847, that,
if it be expected that " the army is to support
itself by forced contributions levied upon the coun-
try, we may ruin and exasperate the inhabitants,*
and starve otirsrlvcs." The same discretion was
given to him that had been to General Taylor
in this respect. General Scott, for the reasons
assigned by him, also continued to pay for the
articles of supply for the army which were drawn
from the enemy.
After the army had reached the heart of the
most wealthy portion of Mexico, it was supposed
that the obstacles which hud before that time pre-
vented it would not be such as to render impracti-
cable the levy of forced contributions for its sup-
port; and on the first of September, and again on
the sixth of October, 1847, the order was repeated
in' despatches addressed by the Secretary of War
to General Scott,and his attention was again called
to the importance of making the enemy bear the
burdens of the war by requiring them to furnish
the means of supporting our army; and he was
directed to adopt this policy, unless, by doing so,
there was danger of depriving the army of the ne-
cessary supplies. Copies of these despaches were
forwarded to General Taylor for his government.
On the thirty-first of March last, I caused an
order to be issued to our military and naval com-
manders to levy and collect a military contribution
upon all vessels and merchandise which might en-
ter any of the ports of Mexico in our military oc-
cupation, and to apply such contributions towards
defraying the expenses of Ihe war. By virtue of
the right of conquest and the laws of war, the con-
queror, consulting his own safety or convenience,
may either exclude foreign commerce altogether
from all such ports, or permit it upon such terms
and conditions as he may prescribe. JBefoic the
principal ports of Mexico were blockaded by our
navy, the revenue derived from impost duties, un-
der the laws of Mexico, was paid ijito the Mexi-
can treasury. After these ports had fallen inio
our military possession, the blockade was raised,
and commercc with them permitted upon pre-
scribed terms and conditions. They were,opened
to the trade of all nations upon the payment of du-
ties more moderate in their amount than those
which had been previously levied by Mexico; and
the revenue, which was formerly paid into the
Mexican treasury, was directed to be collected by
our military and naval officers, and applied to the
use of our army and navy. Care was taken that
the officers, soldiers, and sailors of our army and
navy should be exempted from the operations of
the order; and as the merchandise imported upon
which the order operated must be consumed by
Mexican citizens, the contributions exacted were,
in effect, the seizure of the public revenues of
Mexico, and the application of them to our own
use. In directing this measure, the object was to
decessors, as well as myself, to grant thpm the
utmost indulgence, have hitherto prevented these
claims from being urged in a manner demanded by
strict justice. The lime has arrived when they
| ought to be finally adjusted and liquidated, and
efforts are now making for that purpose.
I It is proper to inform you that the Government
! of Peru has in good faith paid the first two instal-
i ments of the indemnity of thirty thousand dollars
| each, and the greater portion of the interest due
! thereon, in execution of the convention between
that Government and the United States, the ratifi-
This amount would undoubtedly have been
much larger, but for the difficulty of keeping open
communications between the coast and the interior,
so as to enable the owners of the merchandise im-     .
ported, to transport and vend it to the inhabitants !| cations of which were exchanged nt Lima on the
of the country. It is'confidently expected that i; thirty-firstof October, 1846. The Attorney Gene-
tbis difficulty will, to a great extent, be soon re- h ral of the United States, early in August last, corn-
moved by our increased forccs which have been pleted the adjudication of the claims under this
sent to the field. ii convention, and made his report thereon, in pnr-
Measnres have recently'been adopted by which I] suanee of the act of the eighth of August, 184G.
the internal as well as external revenues of Mexico, [j The sums to which the claimants are respectively
in all places in our military occupation, will be [t entitled, will be paid on demand at the Treasury,
seized and appropiiated to the use of our army |l I invite the early attention of Congress to the
atui navy. ii present condition of our citizens in China, linder
The policy of levying upon the enemy eontribu - i, our treaty with that Power, American citizens are
tions in every form, consistently with the laws of ]j withdrawn from the jurisdiction, whether civil or
nations, which it may be practicable for our mili- lj criminal, of the Chinese Government, and placed
1 1 . _ I. _ 1.1 • _   • -,1~ f 1  VX.illin I'lttMl
tary commanders to adopt, should, in my jud_
merit, be rigidly enforced, and orders to this effect
have accordingly been given. By such a policy,
at the same time that our own treasury will be re-
lieved from a heavy drain, the Mexican people
will be made to feel the burdens of the war, and,
consulting their own interests, may be induced the ;
moi e readily to require their rulers to accede to a
just peace.
After the adjournment of the last session of Con
under that of our public functionaries in that coun-
try. By these alone can our citizens be tried and
punished for the commission of any crime; by
these alone can questions be decided between them,
involving the righls of peison and property; and
by these alone can contracts be enforced, into
which they may have entered with the citizens or
subjects of foreign Powers. The merchant vessel?
of the United States lying in the waters of the five
ports of China open to foreign commerce are under
: the exclusive jurisdiction of officers of their own
gress, events transpired in the prosecution of the j| ....
war which, in my judgment, required a greater Government. Until Congress shall establish corn-
number of Hoops in the field than had been antici- Ii petent tribunals to try and punish crimes, and to
The strength of the army was accordingly !| exercise jurisdiction in civil cases in China, Ameri-
patcd. _ . _ . ,
increased by "accepting" the services of all the |
volunteer forces authorized by the act of the thir- I
teenth of May, 1846, without putting a construc-
tion on that act, the correctness of which was se-
riously questioned. The volunteer forces now in |
the field, with those which had been "accepted," ,
to "serve for twelve months," and were discharged 1
exercise juris
can citizens there are subject to no law whatever.
Crimes may be committed with impunity, and
debts may be contracted without any means to en-
force their payment. Inconveniences have already
resulted from the omission of Congress to legislate
upon the subject, and still greater are apprehended.
The British authorities in China have already com-
al the end of tlieir term of service, exhaust the ji plained that this Government has not provided for
<■ I 1 > 1 _ - . .1 1. it. .. fc   _ fc T J a .1 ll <1   ... ^    A 1 A f — A AW ^ t- /I V> fc ft?
fifty thousand men authorized by that act. Had
it been clear that a proper construction of the act
wai ranted it, the services of an additional number
would have been called forand accepted; butdoubts
existing- upon this point, the power was not exer-
cised.
It is deemed important that Congress should,
at an early period of their session, confer the au-
thority to raise an additional regular forcc to serve
during the war with Mexico, and to be discharged
upon the conclusion and ratification of a treaty of
peace. I invite the attention of Congress to the
views presented by the Secretary of War in his ,
report upon this subject. ;
I recommend, also, that authority be given by
law to call for and accept the services of an addi- ,
tional number of volunteers, to be exercised at
such time and to such extent as the emergencies
of the service may require.
In prosecuting the war with Mexico, whilst the
utmost care has been taken to avoid every just
cause of complaint on the part of neutral nations,
and none has been given, liberal privileges have
been granted to their commerce in the ports of the
enemy in our military occupation.
The difficulty with the Brazilian Government,
which at onetime threatened to interrupt t&e friend-
ly relations between the two countries, will, I uust,
be speedily adjusted. I have received information
that an Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni-
potentiary to the United States will shortly be ap-
pointed by his Imperial Majesty; and it is hoped
that he will come instructed and prepared to ad-
just all remaining differences between the two Gov-
ernments in a manner acceptable and honorable to
both. In the meantime, i have every reason to
I believe that nothing will occur to interrupt our am-
icable relations with Brazil.
j It has been my constant effort to maintain and
cultivate the most intimate relations of friendship
with all the independent Powers of South Ameri-
ca; and this policy has been attended with the
happiest results. It is true, that the settlement
and payment of many just claims of American
citizens against these nations have been long1 de-
layed. The peculiar position in which they have
been placed, and the desire on the part of my pre-
the punishment of crimes, or the enforcement of
contracts against American citizens in that country,
whilst their Government has established tribunals
by which an American citizen can recover debts
due from British subjects.
Accustomed as the Chinese are to summary jus-
tice, they could not be made to comprehend why
criminals who are citizens of the United States
should escape with impunity, in violation of treaty
obligations, whilst the punishment of a Chinese,
who had committed any crime against an Ameri-
can citizen, would be rigorously exacted. Indeed
the consequences might be fatal to American citi-
zens jn China, should a flagrant crime be commit-
ted by any one of them upon a Chinese, and should
trial and punishment not follow according to the
requisitions of the treaty. This might disturb, if
not destroy, our friendly relations with that em-
pire, and cause an interruption of our valuable
commerce.
Our treaties with the Sublime Porte, Tripoli,
Tunis, Morocco, and Muscat, also require the
legislation of Congress to carry them into execu-
tion, though the necessity for immediate action
; may not be so urgent as in regard to China.
The-Secretary of State has submitted an esti-
j mate to defray the expense of opening diplomatic
I relations with the Papal States. The interesting
! political events now in progress in these States, as
! well as a just regard to our commercial interests,
■ have, in my opinion, rendered such a measure
j highly expedient.
! Estimates have also been submitted for the out-
I fits and salaries of charggsdes affaires to the Repub-
j lies of Bolivia, Guatemala, and Ecuador. The
i manifest importance of cultivating the most friendly
i relations with all the independent States upon this
! continent has induced me to recommend appro-
| priations necessary for the maintenance of these
i missions.
| I recommend to Congress that an appropriation
i be made, to be paid to the Spanish Government,
■ for the purpose of distribution among the claim-
| ants in " the Amistad case." I entertain the con-
. viction that this is due to Spain under the treaty
j of the twentieth of October, 1795; and, moreover,
J that, from the earnest manner in which the claim
