1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
continues to be urged, so long as it shall remain
unsettled, it will be a source of irritation and dis-
cord between the two countries, which may prove
highly prejudicial to the interests of the United
States. Good policy, 110 less than a faithful com-
pliance with our treaty obligations, requires that
the inconsiderable appropriation demanded should
be made.
A detailed statement of the condition of the
finances will be presented in the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The imports for ;
the last fiscal year, ending 011 the thirtieth of June, i
1§47( were of the value of one hundred and forty- J
six million five hundred and forty-five thousand ,
six hundred and thirty-eight dollars; of which the i
amount exported was eight million eleven thou- |
sand one hundred and fifty-eight dollars, leaving 1
one hundred and thirty-eight million five hundred ;
and thirty-four thousand four hundred and eighty ;
dollars in the country for domestic use. The J
value of the exports for the same period was one
hundred and fifty-eight million six hundred and
forty-eight thousand six hundred and twenty-two
dollnrsfof which one hundred and fifty million
six hundred and thirty-seven thousand four hun-
dred and sixty-four dollais consisted of domestic
productions, and eight million eleven thousand
one hundred and fifty-eight dollars of foreign arti-
cles. "
The receipts into the treasury for the same pe-
riod amounted to twenty-six million three hundred
and forty-six thousand seven hundred and ninety
dollars and thirty-seven cents, of which there was
derived from customs twenty-three million seven
hundred and forty-seven thousand eight hundred
and sixty-four dollars and sixty-six cents; fiom
sales of public lands, two million four hundred
and ninety-eight thousand three hundred and thir-
ty-five dollars ami twenty cents: and from inci-
dental and miscellaneous sources, "one hundred
thousand five hundred and seventy dollars and
fifty-one cents. The last fiscal year during which
this amount was received embraced five months
under the operation of the tariff act of 1842, and
seven months during which the tariff act of 1846
was in force. During the live months under the
act of 1842, the amount received from customs
was seven million eight hundred and forty-two
thousand three hundred and six dollars and nine-
ty cents; and during the seven months under the
act of 1846 the amount received was fifteen million
nine hundred and five thousand five hundred and
fifty-seven dollars and seventy-six cents, i
The net revenue from customs during the year i
ending 011 the first of December, 1846, being the 1
last year under the operation of the tariff act of ■
1849, was twenty-two million nine hundred and
seventy-one thousand four hundred and three dol- i
lars and ten cents; and the net revenue from
customs during the year ending on the first of
December, 1847, being the first year under the
operation of the tariff act of 1846, was about thirty-
one million five hundred thousand dollars; being
an increase of revenue for the first year under the
tariff act of 1846, of more" than eight million five
hundred thousand dollars over that of the last
year under the tariff of 1842.
The expenditures during the fiscal year ending
on the thirtieth of June last, were fifty nine mil- :
lion four hundred and fifty-one thousand one hun- ■
drert and seventy-seven dollars and sixty-five cents; |
of which three million five hundred and twenty- t
two thousand and eighty-two dollars and thirty-
seven cents, was on account of payment of prin-
cipal and interest of the publie debt, including
treasury notes redeemed and not funded. The ex-
penditures, exclusive of payment of public debt,
were fifty-five million nine hundred and twenty-
nine thousand and ninety-five dollars and twenty-
eight cents.
It is estimated that the receipts into the treasury
fo'ioending on the thirtieth of June,
1848, including the balance in the treastffy on th.e
lit st of July last, will amount to forty-two million
eight hundred and eighty-six thousand five hun-
dred and forty-five dollars and eighty cents, of
which thirty-one million, it is estimated, will be
derived from customs; three millio  five hundred
thousand from the sale of the public lands; four
. hundred thousand from incidental sources, inclu-
ding sales made by the Solicitor of the Treasury;
and six million two hundred and eighty-five thou-
sand two hundred and ninety-four dollars and fif-
ty-five cents from loans already authorized by law.
which, together with the balance in tne treasury
on the first of July last, make the sum estimated.
The expenditures for the same period, if peace
with Mexico shall not be concluded, and the army
shall be increased as is proposed, will amount, in-
cluding the necessary payments on;account of princi-
pal and interest of the pu blic debt and treasu ry n otes,
to fifty-eight million six hundred and fifteen thou-
sand six hundred and sixty dollars and seven cents.
-On the first of the piesent month, the amount of
the public debt actually incurred, including treasu-
ry notes, was foity-five million six hundred and fif-
ty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty-nine dollars
and forty cents. The public debt due on the fourth
of March, 1845, including treasury notes, was sev-
enteen million seven hundred and eighty-eight
thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine dollars
and sixty-two cents; and consequently the addition
made to the public debt since that time is twenty-
seven million eight hundred and seventy thousand
eight hundred and -fifty-nine dollars and seventy-
eight cents.
Of the loan of twenty-three millions, authorized
by the act of the twenty-eighth of January, 1847,
the sum of five millions was paid out to the public
creditors, 01* exchanged at par foe specie; the re-
maining eighteen millions was offered for specie to
the highest bidder not below par, by an advertise-
ment issued by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
published from the ninth of February until the
tenth of April, 1847, when it was awarded to the
several highest bidders, at premiums varying from
one-eighth of one per cent, to two per cent, above
par. The premium has been paid into the treasu-
ry, and the sums awarded deposited in specie in
the treasury as fast as it was required by the wants
of the Government.
To meet the expenditures for the remainder of
the present and for the next fiscal year, ending'on
the thirtieth of June, 1849, a further loan, in aid
of the ordinary revenues of the Government, will
be necessary. Retaining a sufficient surplus in the
treasury, the loan required for the remainder of
the present fiscal year will be about eighteen mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars. It' the duty
on tea and coffee be imposed, and the graduation
of thejjrice of the public lands shall be made at an
early period of your session, as recommended, the
loan for the piesent fiscal year may be reduced to
seventeen millions of dollars. The loan may be
further reduced by whatever amount of expendi-
tures can be saved by military contributions col-
lected in Mexico. The most vigorous measures
for the augmentation of these contributions have
been directed, and a very considerable sum is ex-
pected from that source. Its amount cannot, how-
ever, be calculated with any certainty. It is re-
commended that the loan to be made be authorized
upon the same terms, and for tiic same time, as
that which was authorized under the provisions of
the act of the twenty-eighth of January, 1847.
Should the war wfth Mexico be continued until
the thirtieth of June, 1849, it is estimated that a
further loan of twenty million five hundred thou-
sand dollars will be required for the fiscal year
ending on that day, in case 110 duty be imposed
on tea and coffee, and the public lands be not re-
duced and graduated in price, and no military con-
tribution shall be collected in Mexico. If the duty
on tea and coffee be imposed, and the lands be
reduced and graduated in price, as proposed, the
loan may be reduced to seventeen millions of dol-
lars, and will be subject to be still further reduced
by the amount of the military contributions which
may be collected in Mexico. It is not proposed,
however, at present, to ask Congress for authority
to negotiate this loan for the next fiscal year, as it
is hoped that the loan asked for the remainder of
the present fiscal year, aided by military contribu-
tions which may be collected in Mexico, may be
sufficient. If, contrary to my expectation, there
should be a, necessity for it, the fact will be com-
municated to Congress in time for their action
during the present session. In no event will a sum
exceeding six millions of dollars of this amount be
needed before the meeting of the session of Con-
gress in December, 1848.
The act of the thirtieth of July, 1846, " reducing
the duties on imports," has been in force since the
first of December last; and I am gratified to state,
that all the beneficial effects which were anticipa-
ted from its operation have been fully realized.
The public revenue derived from customs during
1 the year ending on the first of December, 1847, ex-
ceeds by more than eight millions of dollars the
amount received in the preceding year under the
operation of the act of 1842, which was superse-
ded and repealed by it. Its effects are visible in
the great and almost unexampled prosperity which
prevails in every branch of business.
While the repeal of the prohibitory and restrict-
ive duties of the act of 1842, and the substitution
in their place of reasonable revenue rates levied on
articles imported according to their actual value,
has increased the revenue and augmented our for-
eign trade, all the great interests of the country
have been advanced and promoted.
The great and important interests of agriculture,
which had been not only too much neglected, but
actually taxed under the protective policy for the
benefit of other interests, have been relieved of the
burdens which that policy imposed on them; and
our farmers and planters, under a more just and
liberal commercial policy, are finding new and
profitable markets abroad for then- augmented
products. '
Our commerce is rapidly increasing, and is ex-
tending more widely the circle of international ex-
changes. Great as has been the increase of our
imports during the past year, our exports of do-
mestic products sold in foreign markets have
been still greater.
Our navigating interest is eminently prosperous.
The number of vessels built in the CJnited Slates
has been greater than during any preceding period
of equal length. Large profits have been derived
by those who have constructed as well as by those
who have navigated them. Should the ratio of
increase in the number of our merchant vessels be
progressive, and be as great for the future as du-
ring the past year, the time is not distant when our
tonnage and commercial marine will be larger than
that of any other nation in the world.
Whilst the interests of agriculture, of com-
merce, and of navigation, have been enlarged and
invigorated, it is highly gratifying to observe that
our manufactures are also in a prosperous condi-
tion. None of the ruinous effects upon this in-
terest which weie apprehended by some, as the
result of the operation of the revenue system es-
tablished by the act of 1846, have been experi-
enced. On the contrary, the number of manufac-
tories, and the amount of capital invested in them,
is steadily and rapidly increasing, affording grati-
fying proofs that American enterprise and skill
employed in this branch of domestic industry,
with no other advantages than those fairly and in-
cidentally accruing from a jtyjt system of revenue
duties, are abundantly able to meet successfully
all competition from abroad, and still derive fair
and remunerating profits.
While capital invested in manufactures is yield-
ing adequate and fair profits under the new sys-
tem, the wages of labor, whether employed*in
manufactures, agriculture, commerce, or naviga-
tion, have been augmented. The toiling millions,
whose daily labor furnishes the supply of food
and raiment, and all the necessaries and comforts
of life, are receiving higher wages, and more
steady and permanent employment, than in any
other country, or at any previous period of our
own history.
So successful have been all branches of our in-
dustry, that a foreign war, which generally dimin-
ishes the resources of a nation, has in no essential
degree retarded our onward progress, 01" checked
our general prosperity.
With such gratifying evidences of prosperity,
and of the succcssful operation of the revenue act
of 1846, every consideration of public policy re-
commends that it shall remain unchanged. It is
hoped that the system of impost duties which it
established may be regarded as the permanent pol-
icy of the country, and that the great interests af-
fected by it may not again be subject to be injuri-
ously disturbed, as they have heretofore been, by
frequent and sometimes sudden changes.
For the purpose of increasing the revenue, and
without changing or modifying the rates imposed
by the act of 1846 on the dutiable articles em-
braced by its provisions, I again recommend to
your favorable consideration the expediency of
levying a revenue duty on tea and coffee. The
policy which exempted these articles from duty
during peace, and when the revenue to be derived
from them was not needed, ceases to exist when
the country is engaged in war, and requires the
use of all its available resources. It is a tax
