1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
routes leading to Oregon, and between different
points within that Territory, and authorized the
estabiishmentof post-offices at "Astoria and such
other places on the coasts of the Pacific, within the
territory of the United States, as the public inter-
ests may require." Post offices have accordingly
been established, deputy postmasters appointed,
and provision made for the transportation of the
mails.
The preservation of peace with the Indian tribes
residing west of the Rocky Mountains will render
it proper that authority should be given by law for
the appointment of an adequate number of Indian
agents to reside among them.
I recommend that a surveyor general's office be
established in that Territory, and that the public
lands be surveyed and brought into market at an
early period.
I recommend, also, that grants, upon liberal
terms, of limited quantities of the public lands, be
made to all citizens of the United States who have
emigrated, or may hereafter within a prescribed
period emigrate to Oregon, and settle upon them.
These hardy and adventurous citizens, who have
encountered the dangers aud privations of a long
and toilsome journey, and have at length found
an abiding-place for themselves and their families
upon the utmost verge of our western limits, should
be sccurcd in the homes which they have improved
by their labor.
I refer you to the accompanying report of the
Secretary of War for a detailed account of the oper-
ations of the various branches of the public service
connected with the department under his charge.
The duties devolvingon this department have been
unusually onerous and responsible during the past
year, and have been discharged with ability and
success.
Pacific relations continue to exist with the vari-
ous Indian tribes, and most of them manifest a
strong^friendship for the United States. Some
depredations weie committed during the past year
upon our trains transporting supplies for the army,
on the road between the western border of Mis-
souri and Santa Fe. These depredations, which
are supposed to have been committed by bands
from the region of New Mexico, have been arrest-
ed by the presence of a military force, ordered out
for that purpose. Some outrages have been per-
petrated by a portion of the northwestern bands
upon the weaker and comparatively defenceless
neighboring tribes. Prompt measures were taken
to prevent such occurrences in future.
Between one and two thousand Indians, belong-
ing to several tribes, have been removed during
the year from the east of the Mississippi to the
country allotted to them west of that river, as their
permanent home; and arrangements have been
made for others to follow.
Since the treaty of 1846 with the Cherokees, the
feuds among them appear to have subsided, and
they have become more united and contented than
they have been for many years past. The com-
missioners, appointed in pursuance of the act of
June twenty-seventh, 1846, to settle claims arising ;
under the treaty of 1835-}36 with that tribe, have i
executed their duties; and after a patient investi-
gation, and a full and fair examination of all the
cases brought before them, closed their labors in
the month of July last. This is the fourth board
of commissioners which has been organized under
this treaty. Ample opportunity has been afforded
to all those interested to bri-og forward their claims.
No doubt is entertained that impartial Justice has
been done by the late board, and that all valid
claims embraced by the treaty have been consid-
ered and allowed. This result, and the final set-
tlement to be made with this tribe, under the
treaty of 1846, which will be completed and laid
before you during your session, will adjust all
questions of controversy between them and the
• !ite<? ^at.es5 an(l produce a state of relations
with them simple, well-defined, and satisfactory.
under the discretionary authority conferred by
the act of the third of Marqh last, the annuities
due to the various tribes have been paid during
the present year to the heads of families instead
of to their chiefs, or such persons as they might
designate, as required by the laws previously ex-
isting. This mode of payment has given general
satisfaction to the great body of the Indians. Jus-
tice has been done to them, and they are"grateful
to the Government for it. A few chiefs and inter-
ested persons may object to this mode of payment,
buFit is believed to be the only mode of prevent-
ing fraud and imposition from being practised
upon the great body of common Indians, consti-
tuting a majority of all the tribes. ;
It is gratifying to perceive that a number of the j
tribes have recently manifested an increased inter- :
est in the establishment of schools among them, !
and are making rap\d advances in agriculture— I
some of them producing a sufficient quantity of I
food for their support, and in some cases a surplus I
to dispose of to their neighbors. The comforts by !
which those who have received even a very limited j
education, and have engaged in agriculture, are !
surrounded, tend gradually to draw off their less j
civilized brethren from the precarious means of j
subsistence by the chase, to habits of labor and j
civilization. j
The accompanying report of the Secretary of the ,
Navy presents a satisfactory and gratifyingaccount ;
of the condition and operations of the naval service j
during the past year. Our commerce has been!
pursued with increased activity, and with safety !
and success, in every quarter of the globe, under j
the protection of our flag, which the navy has j
caused to be respected in the most distant seas. |
In the Gulf of Mexico, and in the Pacific, the j
officers and men of our squadrons have displayed i
distinguished gallantry, and performed valuable 1
services. In the e&rly stages of the war with Mex- j
ico, her ports on both coasts were blockaded, and •
more recently many of them have been captured j
and held by the navy. When acting in coopera- ;j
tion with the land forces, the naval officers snd j;
men have performed gallant and distinguished ser- <\
vices on land as well as on water, and deserve the ji
high commendation of the country. - I!
While other maritime powers are adding to their j>
navies large numbers of war steamers, it Vfras a ij
wise policy on our part to make similar additions
to our navy. The four war steameis authorized >j
by the act of the third of March, 1847, are in course jj
; i of construction. ^
ji In addition to the four war steamers authorized !'
by this act, the Secretary of the Navy has, in pur-
suance of its provisions,entered into contracts for
the construction of five steamers, to be employed
in the transportation of the United States mail
I "from New York to New Orleans, touching at
Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, and from Ha-
vana to Chagres;" for three steamers to be em- !
ployed in like manner from Panama to Oregon, j
"so as to connect with the mail from Havana to j
Ohagres across the isthmus;'1 and for five steamers |
to be employed in like manner from New York to i
Liverpool. These steamers will be the pioperty :
of the contractors, but are to be built under the
superintendence and direction of a naval construc- !
tor in the employ of the Navy Department, and to '
be so constructed as to render them convertible at i
the least possible expense into war steamers of the ;
first class. |
A prescribed number of naval officers, as well
as a Post Office agent, are to be on board of them, -
and authority is reserved to the Navy Department '
at all times to "exercise control over said steam- i
ships," and to "have the right" (t to take them |
11 for the exclusive use and service of the United [
![ States," "upon making proper compensation to !
| the contractors therefor." 1
11 Whilst these steam-ships will be employed in j
11 transporting the mails of the United States coast- j
j! wise, and to foreign countries, upon an annual !
; compensation to be paid to the owners, they will i
jj be always ready, upon an emergency requiring it, !
to be converted into war steamers; and the right 1
jj reserved to take them for public use, will add
i; greatly to the efficiency and strength of this de-
scription of our naval force. To the steamers thus
authorized under contracts made by the Secretary
of the Navy, should be added five other steamers
authorized under contracts made in pursuance of
law by the Postmaster General, making an addi-
tion, in the whole, of eighteen war steamers, sub-
ject to be taken for public use. As further con-
tracts for the transportation of the mail to foreign
countries may be authorized by Congress, this
number may be enlarged indefinitely.
The enlightened policy by which a rapid com-
munication of the various distant parts of the globe
is established, by. means of American-built sea
steamers, would find an ample reward in the in-
crease of our commerce, and in making our coun-
try and its resources more favorably known
abroad; but the national advantage is still greater,
of having our naval officers made familiar with
steam navigation; and of having the privilege of
taking the ships already equipped for immediate
service at a moment's notice; and will be cheaply
purchased by the compensation to be paid for the
transportation oT the mail in thefti over and above
the postages received.-
A just national pride, no less than our commer-
cial interests, would seem to favor the policy of
augmenting the number of this description'of ves-
sels. They can be built in our country cheaper
and in greater numbers than in any other in the
world.i
I refer you to the accompanying report of the
Postmaster General for a detailed and satisfactory
account of the condition and operation of that
department during the past year. It is gratifying
to find that, within so short a period after the
reduction in the rates of postage, and notwith-
standing the great increase of mail service, the
revenue received for the year will be sufficient to
defray all the expenses, and>that no further aid
will be required from the treasury for that pur-
pose.
The first of the American mail steamers autho-
rized by the act of the third of March, 1845, was
completed and entered upon the service on the first
of June last, and is now on her third vovage to
Bremen and other intermediate ports. The other
vessels authorized under the provisions of that act
are in course of construction, and will be put upon
the line as soon as completed. Contracts have
also been made for the transportation of the mail
in a steamer from Charleston to Havana.
A reciprocal and satisfactory postal arrange-
ment has been made by the Postmaster General
with the authorities of Bremen, and no difficulty
is apprehended in making similar arrangements
with all other Powers with which we may have
communications by mail steamers, except with
Gieat Britain.
On the arrival of the first of the American steam-
ers, bound to Bremen, at Southampton, in the
month of June last, the British post office directed
the collection of discriminating postages on all let-
ters and other mailable matter, which she took out
to Great Britain, or which went into the British
post office on their way to France and other parts
of Europe. The effect of the order of the British
post office is to subject all letters and other matter
transported by American steamers- to double post-
age, one postage having been previously paid on
them to the United States-, while letters transported
in British steamers are subject to pay but a single
postage. This measure was adopted with the avow-
ed object of protectingthe British line of mail steam-
ers now running between Boston and Liverpool,
and, if permitted to continue, must speedily put an
end to the transportation of all letters and other
matter by American steamers, and give to British
steamers a monopoly of the business. A just and
fair reciprocity is all that we desire, and on this
we must insist. By our laws, no such discrimina-
tion is made against British steamers bringing let-
ters into our pons, but all letters arriving in the
United States are subject to the same rate of post-
age, whether brought in British or American ves-
sels. I refer you to the report of the Postmaster
General for a full statement of the facts of the
case, and of the steps taken by him to correct this
inequality. He has exerted all the power-confer-
red upon him by the existing laws.
The Minister of the United States at London
has brought the subject to the attention of the
British Government, and is now engaged in nego-
tiations for the purpose of adjusting reciprocal
postal arrangements, which shall be equally just
to both countries. Should he fail in concluding
such arrangements, and should Great Britain insist
on enforcing the unequal and unjust measure she
has adopted, it will become necessary to confer
additional powers on the Postmaster General, in
order to enable him to meet the emergency, and
to put our own steamers on'an equal footing with
British steamers engaged in transporting the mail
between the two countries; and I recommend that
such powers be conferred.
In view of the existing state, of our country, I
trust it may not be inappropriate, in closing this
communication, to call to mind the words of wis-
dom and admonition of the firs't and most illustri-
ous of my predecessors, in his Farewell Address
to his countrymen.
That greatest and best of men, who served his
