12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
country so long, and loved it so much, foresaw,
with " serious concern," the danger to our Union
" of characterizing parties by geographical dis-
criminations—Northern and Southern, Atlantic and
Western—whence designing men may endeavor to
cxcite a belief that there is a real difference of local
interests and views," and warned his countrymen
against it.
So deep and solemn was his conviction of the
importance of the Union and of preserving har-
mony between iis different parts, that he declared
to his countrymen in that address, "it is of infi-
nite moment that you should properly estimate the
immense value of your national Union to "your
collective and individual happiness; that you
should cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable
attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think
and to speak of it, as a palladium of your politi-
cal safety and prosperity; watching for its preser-
vation with jealous anxiety ; discountenancing
whatever may suggest even a suspicion that it can-
in any event be abandoned ; and indignantly
frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt
to alienate any portion of our country from the
rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link
together the various parts."
After the lapse of half a century, these admo-
nitions of Washington fall upon us with all the
force of truth. His difficult to estimate the "im-
mense value",of our glorious Union of confede-
rated States, to which we are so much indebted
for our growth in population and wealth, and for
all that constitutes us a great and a happy nation.
How unimportant are all our differences of opin-
ion upon minor questions of public policy, com-
pared withMts preservation ; and how scrupulously
should we avoid all agitating topics which may
tend to distract and divide us into contending par-
ties, separated by geographical lines, whereby it
may be weakened or endangered.
Invoking the blessing of the Almighty Ruler of
the Universe upon your deliberations, it will be
my highest duty, no less than my sincere pleasure,
to cooperate with you in all measures which may
tend to promote the honor and enduring welfare of
our common country.
JAMES K. POLK.'
Washington, December, 1847.
The Message having been read—
MivBRODHEAD offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the me&s.ige of the President of tht; United
Slates be l eterred to a C'mimittee of the Whole on the state
or tile Union, and that 10,0j0 copies without, and lo,0J0
copies with the aceompanj lug documents, be printed for the
use of tins House.
Mr. HUDSON moved to strike out 15,000 with-
out the accompanying documents, so as to leave
provision only for printing the message with the
accompanying documents. He-etofoie there was
some propriety in publishing the message alone,
but now, since the esiablishment of expresses
through the country, theie was probably not a
section of the count!y tlirt would not receive the
message by private enterprise, printed in the daily
and weekly papers, and it would be read by nine-
tecn-twentieths of the entire population several
days before the pamphlet which this House would
issue could be transmitted to them. It was there-
fore entirely unnecessary, and a useless expense to
print the message alone; but, with the documents,
it was proper that it should be printed for circu-
lation. I-Ie-moved, therefore, to strike out that
portion of the resolution relating to the printing of
the message without the accompanying documents.
Mr. BRODHEAD would not question the truth
of the statement of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hudson] that the message would reach
the different portions of the Union before the copies
which he desired this House to furnish could
airive there; but lie had inserted the provision to
furnish 15,000 copies without the documents, with
the view of giving it to their constituents in a shape
in which it could be preserved. This was his de-
sign; this had been the practice, and he only asked
for the customary number.
Mr. SCHEJMOK, in corroboration of the obser-
vations of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson,] remarked, that this message was now at
Pittsburg and Cincinnati, and other parts of that
section of the Union, unless the telegraphic wires
were broken; for he was advised that arrangements
had been made to transmit thither the entire mes-
sage, where it would arrive before the H%use
could take the vote on this resolution—certainly be-
fore the House would assemble here to-morrow
morning. It was, therefore, unnecessary to print
these extra copies of the message alone, and this,
lie was of opinion, \yas a very proper occasion to
break through the custom to which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] had referred,
and to discontinue this useless printing.
Mr. HOWELL COBB agreed with the obser-
vations of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hudson,] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
feciiENCK,] but he was willing to increase the num-
ber with the accompanying documents. He there-
fore was in favor of printing fifteen thousand copies
with the accompanying documents, and none with
out.
[Cries of " Agreed," " agreed !"]
Mr. HUDSON suggested that the mover of the
resolution had it in his power to accept that modi-
fication, and thereby save the necessity of incor-
porating it as an amendment by the vote of the
House.
Mr. BRODHEAD accepted the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb.]
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to add 5,000
additional copies to be printed in the-German lan-
guage.
[A voice: And th& Cherokee." Another voice:
" And the Mexican.5']
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved to amend by
adding " ]0,000 copies without the accompanying
documents." He thought it of importance to cir-
culate copies of the message without the documents,
in which shape U would be very acceptable to their
constituents.
The amendment was negatived*and the resolu-
tion, as modified by the trover, was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HILLIARD, it was
Rvs'jlimi, That the daily hour to winch this House shall
stand a Ijouin jd shall bo twehe o'clock, ,U., until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. HENLEY moved a reconsideration of the
vote of yesterday adopting a resolution respecting
the rules of the House by which the one-hour rule
was abolished. His object he explained to be to
submit an amendment to retain the thirty-third
rule.
[A voice: "Then I object."]
Unless the course he suggested weie agreed to,
until the Committee oil Rules reported—and the
duty intrusted to them would lequiresome time—
the House would be deprived of the salutary one-
hour rule.
The SPEAKER suggested tothegentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Henlpy] that he could accomplish
his object better, and not embarrass the committee
to whom the revision of the rules had been com-
mitted, by moving the adoption of the one-hour
rule.
Mr. HOWELL COBB inquired if that would
now be in order.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Henley] might now give notice of
his motion, one day's notice being requisite.
Mr. COBB inquired if that could .be done when
a motion was pending?
Mr. HENLEY persisted on his motion to re-
consider.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. JAS. THOMPSON moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to, and the
House was adjourned accordingly to twelve of
the clock, M., to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 8, 1847.
The Hon. John M. Clayton, of the State of
Delaware, and the Hon. John Davis, of the State
of Massachusetts, appeared in their seats to-day.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, whose creden-
tials as a Senator of the United States from the
State of Massachusetts, for the term of six years
from and after the 4th day of March, 1847, were
presented at the last session, after having taken the
oath of office, which was administered to him at
the hands of the Vice President, took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following letter, which was read: ^
Washington, December 7, 1847.
Sir: Holding the relation of printers to the body over
which you preside, under a contract made in contoim.ty
with an act of Congress, it may have been expected that we
should have been prepared to place on the desks of Senators,
printed copies of the President's Annual Mes>age at the
time it was read by your Secretary. This im? been tb«
piactice of'our predecessors; and a failuieon our pait to be
equally prompt, may, without explanation, operate inju-
riously against us.
Wo cannot but be sensitively alive to any imputation on
our trust-woithiness even by impiicatton; ar.d not less
! jealous of our reputation as printers, which ma> be affected
i by the fact, that Senators were indebted to a daily new:-
; paper for copies of the Message, which the official printers;
: hud failed or neglected to furni&h. We, theretoie, deem it
' due to ourselves, ar.d due to the Senate, whose printing we
| have contractcd to execute, that we thou'd Mate Use cause
j of this unparalleled omission of a congressional printer,
| and thereon rest our appeal (or the indulgence of the Sen-
ate, for the delay in luinitlnng the document in question,
i m the ordinary form. That cause was ?nnplv the refut-al
I of the President of the United States to turnish us v. ith a
j copy, according to weH-establUhed u-age, in advance of its
delivery to the two Houses of Congress.
| We trust that thte fact may be our sufficient apology to
! the Senate of the United States, to which we respectfully
J ask you to comniumcate it.
I With s-entunent  of gieat respect, we are, sir, >our obe-
| dient servants,
[ WENDELL & VAN EEXTHUYSEN.
! The Hon. G. M. Dallas,
| Pi csvlcnt oj the United States Scn.de
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of State, made agreeably
to law, accompanied by statements, showing the
appropriations and disbursements for the service
of the department, for the year ending June 30,
1847; which was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the Territory of Oregon, pray-
ing that the settlers in that Territory may be con-
firmed in their titles to the lands occupied by them;
and the adoption of measuies for the promotion of
education; and for facilitating the navigation of the
Columbia river.
Ordered, That it lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. DIX presented a preamble and resolutions
passed by the Legislature of the State of New
York, requesting the Senators and Representatives
of that State in Congress to vote for the passage
of a law granting public land for the construction
of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific,
according to the plan proposed by Asa Whitney,
a citizen of New York.
Ordered, That they lie on the table, and be print-
ed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented resolutions passed
by the Legislature of the State of New Yoik, in-
structing the Senators and requesting the Repre-
sentatives of that State in Congress, to use their
best efforts to procure a repeal of certain provisions
of the laws regulating the franking privilege and
the postage on letters and newspapers.
Mr. DICKINSON then said: Serious exception
has been taken to the clause of the postage law
charging postage upon newspapers within thirty
miles of the place where they are printed. That
clause has been, it seems, received with great dis-
approbation by the public; and in moving to refer
these resolutions, as I shall, to the Post Office
Committee, when appointed, 1 shall think itproper
to call the attention of tRe committee especially to
this subject. I move, at present, that these reso-
lutions lie upon the table,
Ordered, That they lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of Sarah Ann
! Hart, widow of B. F. Hart, late a purser in the
| navy, praying a pension.
1 (h dered, That it lie on the table.
1 Mr. DIX presented a memorial of Sarah Ann
! Hart, widow, and Monmouth B. Hart, Joel Kelly,
| and William Close, sureties of Benjamin F. Hart,
| deceased, late a purser in the navy, praying that
| a balance standing against him on the books of the
treasury for certain stores which were lost by
] the wrecking of a United States vessel, may be
; cancelled.
I Ordered, That it lie on the table.
I Mr. DIX presented the memorial-of Francis O.
Dorr and Andrew C. Dorr, in behalf of their bro-
ther, Gustavus Dorr, late a captain in the army,
who, they allege, was unjustly dismissed from the
service for acts done while in a state of mental
derangement* caused by an injury received while
on duty, praying that he may be allowed a pension*
