14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 8,
"•withdraw from the files of .the Senate the papers
in the case of Nebemiah Brush.
Mr. SEVIER asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Arkansas, upon the sub-
ject of the removal of tl\e raft of Red river; for the
purpose of having it referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 8, 1847.
The SPEAKER announced as the first business
in order, the motion of Mr. Clingman to lay upon
the table the motion of Mr. Henley to reconsider
the vote adopting the rules of the last Congress,%
excepting; the one-hour rule.
Mr. CLINGMAN said, upon reflection, he
would withdraw his motion to lay upon the table,
as the time for which the udes were adopted would
expire on the third Monday of this month, when
the whole subject would come up for considera-
tion. He would suggest to Mr. Henley to let the
motion to reconsider to go over informally until
that time.
Mr. HENLEY assenting to Mr. Clingman's
suggestion, the motion to reconsider was informally
laid over until the third Monday of December.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Alexander Evans was then taken up. It was
as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, immediately after
the passage of tins resolution, place in a box the name of
each member and delegite of the House of Repiesentatives
upon a separate piece of paper; that he then piocoed, in the
presence of the House, to thaw hom said box, one at a tune,
th" said pieces of piper, and a-? each is drawn he shall an-
nounce the name of the meiubet upon it,,who shall then
choose his seat for the pre-ent session : Provided, That be-
fore said drawing shall commence, the Speaker shall cause
every seat to he vacated, and shall see that each seat con-
tinues vacant until it io ^elected under this order."
Mr. SIMS moved to strike out the words " for
the present session" where they occur, and insert
"for the present Congress." The amendment
was not apreed to-
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES wished, if it were
in order, to move the postponement of this resolu-
tion, for the purpose of completing the organiza-
tion of the House by the election of all its officers.
The SPEAKER intimated that such a motion
would be in order.
Mr. JONES then, before he made the motion,
would give one or two reasons why they should
at once proceed to complete the organization of the
House.
If the House should now proceed to draw for
seats, it would preclude the possibility of doing
any other business during the day, for there would
necessarily be much confusion attendant on the
changes that would be made". To-morrow the
House might not be able to elect a Sergeant-at-
Arms, and he presumed the House would adjourn
over the residue of the week to Monday next, ac-
cording to usual custom, to give the Speaker an
opportunity to appoint the standing committees.
Unless, then, the Sergearit-at-Arms were now ap-
pointed, no money could be drawn. [Laughter.]
And there were a good many geatlemen here who
had travelled long distances, of the state of whose
finances he knew nothing, but he thought it very
probable that some of them were pretty well
cleaned out. [Laughter.] In the present House
there were many new members of Congress, who
might have some delicacy in making known their
condition; but when those new members had been
here as long as some of them, they would find
that it was not uncommon for members of Con-
gress to be short of funds at the commencement of
a. session, and some of them at the end of it too.
[Renewed laughter.] That was one reason why
they should now proceed to complete the organi-
zation of the House. Another was, that he was
always very unfortunate in lotteries, especially in
drawing for seats. He had now a tolerably good
position, and he was naturally desiious to retain
it as long as possible, for come when this drawing
might, he was satisfied he should find himself
located in the Territories of the Oregon or Califor-
nia of this House. He therefore moved the indefi-
nite postponement of this resolution.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON thought, if the House would
gamble for the seats of its members, or resort to
lotteries to determine their respective positions, " a
wheel" should be substituted for the box in which
the ballots were to be deposited. This would be
more consistent with the mode to be resorted to,
and more fair to each member. He therefore
moved to strike out the word 44 box" and insert
the word " wheel."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PETT1T inquired if it was in order to
move to postpone the consideration of this resolu-
tion for two hours ? If it were, he would move a
postponement to two o'clock,
The amendment was not agreed to.
The original resolution was then adopted, and
the drawing and choice of seats was proceeded
with.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. JAMIESON,
Resolved, That this House do now proceed to the election
of tfergoant-at-Arms viva voce.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
would now be received; when
Mr. BOYD nominated Newton Lane.
Mr. POLLOCK nominated Nathan" Sargent.
Mr. STARKWEATHER nominated Charles
A. Whitney.
Mr. Boyd, Mr. Pollock, and Mr. Pendleton,
were appointed tellers.
The SPEAKER then directed the Clerk to call
the roll; which having been done, the tellers re-
ported that the whole number of votes given were
224; necessary to a choice 113; of which
Nathan Sargent rcccived 115
N<nv ton Lane  96
Charles A. Whitney  12
The following is the vote in detail:
IW Mr. Nathan Sargent—Messis. Abbott, John Q,uincy
Adams, Cieen Adams, Aslimun, Bat ringer, Barrow, Belchei,
BJariehaul, Botti, Bo^den, Brady, J. ucKnei, Butler, Cabell,
Can by, Chapmin, Clingmm, Cocke, CoHanier, Conger,
Cianston, Cn-fi.-ld, Croweil, Cro/ier, Dickey, Uixon, Don-
uell, L)iur, UaniU Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Lckert,
Edwards, Eiubree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Ex an-, i'ar-
relly, Fisher, Flonrnoy, Fieodley, Fulton, Gayle, Gentrv,
Guldmgs, Gogiiin, Gott, Gregon, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K
Hall, Jame^ G Hampton, Mo.-cs Hampton, Haskell, Henry,
Hil'iard, Elias B. Holmes, lioinbeek, John W. Houston,
llubi>a:d, Hudson, Hunt, Jot-eph R. Ingeisoll, Irvin, John
W Jours, Kedog^, Too na-  Butler King, Daniel P. Kinj;,
William 'J'. Lawience, Levin, Lincoln, Mcllvairie, Myr-Ji,
Marvin, iWoiehead, Mullin, Nelson, Ne&, Newail, Outlaw,
Palliey. Pendieton, Pollock, Proton, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius ilotkwcll, John A. Rockwell, Human, Ro^t:, Hoot,
Rum-ev, St John, Sehenck,Sheppeid,Sheinll, Slmgerhind,
Caleb 13, Smith, Tiuman Smith. Stephens. Andiew Me wait,
Stiolim, Sylvester, Tallmadge, Thibodeaux, Taylor, Tomp-
kins, Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, Wilson, and
Winthrop.
For Mr, Newton Lane—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale,
Bedinger, Black, Bocuck. Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd, Brod-
head, William G. Brown, Charles Brown, Burt, Catheart,
Chase, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Chuk, Howell
Cobb, W. ft. VV. Cobb, Cummins, Darnel, Dickinson, Ed-
sall, Faran, Ecathei^ton, Ficklin, Fries, French. Green,
Wiilmd P. Hall, IIamnions, Haralson, Harmanvon, Hams,
Henley, Hill, l&aac E. llohnes, George S. Houston, Inge,
Charles J. Ingei olI, Jver&on, Jackson. Jamison, Andiew
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geotge VV. Jone-, Kaufman,
Kennon, Lahm, La Sere, Sidney Lawience, Leliler, Ligon,
Lord, Lumpkin, Modern and, McDowell, McKay, Mann,
Meade, Miller, Morris, Mome, Murphy, Peaslee, Peck,
Petite, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps Rhett, Richardson, Richey,
Robm.-on, ttockhill, Sawyer, i-hmp-on, Sims, Smai t, Robert
Smith, Stiong, Thomas, Jarne* Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thmston,
Tinner, Venable, Wentwoith, Wick, Williams, Wiley,
Wilmot, and Woodwind.
For Mr. C/iarles Jl. Whitney—Messrs. Bingham, Btrdsall.
Collins, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Maelay, McClelland^
McLane, Nieoll, Sl.uiton, Starkweather, and Charles E.
Stuait.
Nathan Sargent, having received a majority
of the whole number of votes given, was declared
duly elected Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives for the Thirtieth Congress; and,
presenting himself at the Speaker's table, he was
qualified according to law, and entered upon the
discharge of the duties of his office.
On motion of Mr. CALEB B. SMITH,
Resolved, That this House do now pioceed to the election
of a Dooi keeper vwa voce.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
would be now received.
Mr. C. B. SMITH nominated Robert E. Hor-
nor.
Mr. FICKLIN nominated Cornelius S. "Whit-
ney.
Mr. C. B. Smith, Mr. Ficklin, and Mr. Levin,
were appointed tellers.
The SPEAKER then directed the Clerk to call
the roll; which, having been done, the tellers re-
ported the whole number of votes given were 224;
necessary to a choice 113; of which—
Robert E. Hornor received 117
Cornelius S. Whitney 107
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Robert B. Hornor—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy
Adams, Green Adams, Ashmun, Uariinger, Harrow, Bel-
cher, Blanohard, Botts, Boydon, Brady, Buekner, Buth*r,
Cabell, Ca^nby, Chapman, Clingman, Cocke, Colla: e , Con-
ger, Cranston, Cri-fieid, Ciowell, Crozirr, Dickey, Dixon,
Donnell, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn,
Eckert, Edwards, Kmhree, Alexander Evan*, Nathan Kvan«,
Farreliy, Fisher, Flournoy, Freedley, Fulton, GayJe, G-n-
try, Gtddmss, Goggin, Gott, Gregory, GiinnelJ, Ha'e, Nathan
K. Hall, James G. Ha'npton, Mosis Hampton, Ka*kell,
Henry, Iiiliiard, Elms B. Holmes, Hornbeck, John W.
Houston, Hubbard, Hml.-on, H.'nt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Irvin, John W. Jones-, KelJosjg, Thomas Butl'-r King, Dan-
iel P- Ktns;, William T bfuvrenoe, Lijv<n, Lmeo n, Mell-
vaine, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Mulhn, Nelson, IVes,
Newall, Uutiaw, Palfiey, Pendleton, Pettit, Bollock, Pres-
ton, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Itockwell, Jolin A. Rock-
well, Roman, Rose, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenek,
Sheppeid, Sherrill, Slingerhind, Caleb B. Smith, Truman
Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stf wart,Strohm, Sylvester. Tall-
mad{ie,Thibodeaux,Taylor,Tompkins,Richaid W. Tho.) p
son, John B. Thompson,Toombs, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Watren, White, Wilson, and Winthrop
Fur Mr. Cornelius S. Whitney—Me-frs. Atkinson, Bav'v,
Beale, Bedinger, Bmsham, Bitdsall, B!a< Ic. Bocoek, Bow-
don, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, Wifham G Brown, Chniles
Brown, Burt, Catheart, Chase, Clapp, Franklin Claik, Bev-
eily L. Clark, H. w*'Il Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, (Col-
lins, Cummin*, Daniel, Dickinson, Ed^all, Fman, Feath^r-
ston, Ficklin, Faes, French, Green, Willard P Ilail, Ham-
irion-., H.iraLon, Harjuan-son, Harris, Henley, Hill, I-a<ieE.
Holmes. George S Houston, Inge, Chaile-j J fnger>o!3,1 vpj-
son, Jackson, Jamie-on, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James
H.Johnson, Robert W Johnson, Georue W Jones, Kauf-
man, Kennon, Lahm, La Sidney Ltmrenc-p, Leliler,
Li«on, Lord, Lumpk n, Maclay, McCjeP; nd, McC er, and,
McDowell, McKay, McLane, Mann, M«Mde, Mdlei, Mor-
ns, Mor*e, Murphy, NteolJ, Peaslee, Peck, Petne, Peyton,
Phelps, Rhett, Richardson, Riehey, Robin-on, Ro'khili,
Saw\er, Simpson, Sims, Smait, R< be t S mth, Stmton,
Sfaikweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, 'J homa*, Junes
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Robeit A. Thon;p-on, Wil-
liam Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Venable, Weritwoith,
Wick, Williams, Wilev, Wilniot, and Wcoiward.
Robert E. Hornor, having received a majority
of the whole number of votes given, was declared
duly elected Doorkeeper of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Thirtieth Congress; and, present-
ing himself at the Speaker's table, he was qualified
according to law, and entered upon the discharge
of the duties of his office.
On motion of Mr. ELIAS E. HOLMES,
Resolved, That this House do now proceed to the elec-
tion of a Postman-lei of the Hou^e of Repies<;ntatives of tl.e
United States fm the Thirtieth Congress viva voce
The SPE A KER announced that nominations for
Postmaster would now be received.
Mr. McDOWELL nominated Johk M. John-
son.
Mr. BARRINGER nominated William J.
McCormick.
Mr. McDowell, Mr. Barringer, and Mr.
Pollock, were appointed tellers,
j Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if a motion to
adjourn was in order?
! The SPEAKER said a motion to adjourn was
! always in order.
j Mr. McCLERNAND said, as the thirst for
' blood ought to be sated by this day's work, he
; would move that the House do now adjourn.
[ The question being put, it wa's rejected.
; The SPEAKER then directed the Clerk to call
| the roll; which being done, the tellers reported
; that the whole number of votes given were 221;
| necessary to a choice 111; of which—
j John M. Johnson leceived Ill
j William J. McCoimi«\k   110
' The following id the vote:
i For Mr. John M. Johnson—Messrs. Atkinson. Bajly,
! Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Birdsall, Black, Bocock. Bow-
don, Bovvhn. Boyd, Btodheacl, William G. Brown, Chailes
' Biown, Burt, Catheart, Chase, Ciapp, Franklin (.'laik,
. Beverly L Chuk, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. C'obb,"
I Collins, Cumnmis, Daniel, liiekmsOn. Ed-all, Faran, Fea-
J ther>ton, F.ckhn, Fries, Fieneh, Green, Willard P. Hall,
1 Haminons, lt«ralson, Hatinamon, Harris, llerilev, Hill,
George S. Houston, John W. Houston, Ingp. Chaile.s J.
Ingettoll, Jvcrson, Jackson, Jamie-on, Jtnkius, Andiew
! Johnson, James H. Johnson,Robeit VV. Johnson,Geoige W.
I Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Laliw, Lat-'^re, Stdnev i^aw-
i renee, Letfier, Levin, Ljgon, Loid, Lumpkin, Maelay,
McClelland, McClentand, "M< Dowell, iYicKaj, McLane,
Mann. Mt-ade, \.iHer, Mori K Moise, \ uiphy, Nicoil, Rhett,
Richardson, Richey, Aobmson, Rockhill, Sawyer, Palfrey,
Peaslee, Peck, Pftiie, Pettit, Peyton, Phelffc, Simpf-on,
Buns, Smart, UobertSmith,Stanton, Staikweather,rhailes
E. Stuait, Htiona, Thibodeaux,Thomas, James Thompson,
Jacob Thomp>on, Robe! t A. Thompson, William Thompson,
Thuiston, Turner, Venable,-Wentworth, Wick, Williams,
YViiey, Wiliuot, and Woodward.
