1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
For Mr. Wm. J. McCormick— Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy
Adams,Green Adams, Aslimun, Barrmger, Barrow, Belcher,
Blanch.trd, Botts, Boyden, Brady, Butkner, Butler, Cabell,
Canhy, Chapman, Chngman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger,
Cranston, CnsfieJd, Crowell, Ciozier, Dickey, Dixon, Don-
riell,Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Ecfcert, Ed wards. Embrce,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fuller, Flournoy,
Freedley, Fulton, Gayle, Gentry, Giddings, Goggm,Gott,
Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan IC. Hall, James G. Hamp-
ton, Moses Hampton, Haskell, Heiny, HiHiard, I?aac E.
Holmes, Elia-s B. Holme®, Hornbeck, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R. Inger-oll, Irvin, John W. Jones, Kellogg,
Thomas BulIerKing, Daniel 3P. King, William T. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Marvin, Morchead, Mullin,
Nelson, Nes, Newell, Outlaw, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Kose, Root,
Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Shepperd, Sherrill, Slinger-
Jand, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew
Stewart, Strohm, Sylvester, Tallmadge, Taylor, Tompkins,
Richard W.Thompson, John B.Thompson,"Toombs,Tuck,
Vandyke, Vinton, Warren, White, Wilson, and Winthrop.
John M. Johnson, having received a majority
of the whole number of votes given, was declared
duly elected Postmaster of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the Thirtieth Congress.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. WHITE gave notice that on to-morrow, or
some subsequent day, he would move to amend
the rules of the House, so as to provide for the
appointment of a Committee on the Smithsonian
Institution.
CONGRESS LIBRARY.
Mr. COLLAMER offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved* (the Senate concurring,) That a joint commit-
tee of three members of each Halite be appointed to direct
and superintend the expenditure of all moneys appropriated
fur the purchase of books for the Library ot Congress and
all such other matters pertaining to the said library not
otherwise provided for hy law.
Pending said resolution, the House adjourned. -
IN SENATE.
Thfrsday, December 9, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
made agreeably to law, accompanied by copies of
the Treasurer's accounts with the United States
for the third and fourth quarters of 4846, and first
and second quarters of 1847, as adjusted by the
accounting: officers of the treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT also }aid before the
Senate a communication from the Second Auditor
of the Treasury, made agreeably to law. transmit-
ting copies of such accounts as have been rendered
by persons charged or intrusted with the disburse-
ment or application of moneys, goods, or effects,
for the benefit of the Indians, from the 1st Octobcr,
3845, to the 30th September, 1846, inclusive; to-
gether widi a statement containing a list of the
names of ail persons to whom goods, moneys, or
effects, have been delivered within the same period,
specifying the amount and object for which they
were intended, the amount accounted for, and the
balances (under each specific head) still remaining
in their hands.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Doro-
thea Payne, widow of Adams Payne, deceased, a
soldier in the last war with Great Britain, praying
that she may be allowed a pension.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of David
B. Sears, of Illinois, praying the right of preemp-
tion to a certain tract of land.
Mr. CLARKE presented resolutions of the State
of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in
favqr of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the
Pacific coast, and the appropriation of public lands
on the route, for the purpose of effecting that ob-
ject*, which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate the petition and
papers °f William Fuller and Orlando Saltmarsh.
Mr, NILES asketl and obtained leave to with-
draw the petition and papers of Walter Loomis
and Abel Gay.
Mr. STURGEON asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the memo-
rial of Titian R. Pcale and accompanying docu-
ments. -
Mi. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate a copy of the military reconnoissance
of the rowte fioiu Foi t Lriivenwoitli, in Missouri, to San
Diego, in California, by Lieutenant William H, Emory, of
tb& Topographical Engineers, with the map of the Said route,
and of the Arkansas, Del Norte, and Gila rivers; as also the
report of Colonel Philip St. George Cooke's route to Cali-
fornia, after diverging from the track of General Kearny.
Mr. BREESE moved that when the Senate ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS requested the Sen-
ator from Illinois to withdraw his motion for the
present, as the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was expected every moment.
Mr. BREESE. Mine is not a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS. I misunderstood
the Senator.
The motion was then agreed to; and it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn, it be
to Monday next.
THE LATE SENATOR HUNTINGTON.
IVPr. NILES rose and addressed the Senate as
follows;
Mr. President : It is a painful duty devolved
upon me to announce to the Senate that, during its
vacation, one of its members has been removed by
death.
The Hon. Jabez W. Huntington, a Senator
from Connecticut, died at his res'dence in Nor-
wich, in that Stale, on the second day of Novem-
ber last. His sickness was short, but severe,
which he bore with the Christian fortitude becom-
ing a strong mind, and died with calmness and re-
signation and an abiding hope of a haj>py immor-
tality.
Of the public service^'and private character of my
late colleague,! deem it necessary-to say but a few
words on this occasion. Those who knewjpim
hest, and were enabled most justly to appreciate
his abilities and manly virtues, will take care that
justice be done to his memory.
With the advantages of a regular classical edu-
cation, Mr. Huntington* prepared himself for the
legal profession, which he entered upon with a
high promise of success, which his talents and in-
dustry soon realized. At an early age he attained
a leputation and standing at the bar which com-
manded the respect of his piofessional brethren,
and the confidence of the public.
-In connexion with his professional business, he
was for several years associated with the late Judge
Gould in a law school, where his lectures evinced
the extent and accuracy of his legal acquirements.
From this field of his labors he was removed in
1888 to take a part in the public councils of his
State and country—first as a member of the State
Legislature, then as a Representative in the twen-
ty-first Congress of the United States, followed by
a reelection to the twenty-second, and again to the
twenty-third Congress. During his five years ser-
vice in the House of'Representatives, he was dis-
tinguished for his industry and for ins zealous and
laborious devotion to public duties. In May,
1834, whilst one year of his congressional teim
remained, he was called to a seat on the bench of
the supreme court of judicature of the State ; the
arduous and responsible' duties of which he dis-
charged for six years with faithfulness and ability,
and to the general acceptance of the public. From
this exalted station, in 1840 he was transferred to
the Senate of the United States, to fill an unexpired
term of four years, and was subsequently^eelect-
ed for six years from the 4th of March, 1845.
Of his services in this body—his remarkable
industry—his habits of research and investiga-
tion—his zealous*and laborious devotion to public
business—it is not necessary for me to speak, as
those of you who were associated with him in
these high duties can bear testimony to his labors,
his researches, and his ability.
If he sometimes displayed the ardor of the par-
tisan, all, I think, will accord to him the merit of
frankness, sincerity, and honesty in his opinions
and purposes. If zealous as a politician, he was a
sincere friend to his country, and ardently sought
to advaftee what he believed to be its highest inter-
ests, its most enduring fame.
Both in his public career and in his irreproach-
able character in the walks of private life, it is suffi-
cient to say that he well sustained the honor of the
name he 6ore, distinguished as it has been in the
public history of his native State.
In concluding these remarks, I hope to be ex-
cused for alluding to the unexampled bereavements
which the Senate has sustained the past year in
the death of four of its members, all m the prime
of life, all endeared to their associates, and all sus-
taining a high and honorable standing here and
before the country. May these dispensations of
Providence admonish us that public honors and
exalted station do not add the least strength to the
tenure by which we hold our lives, iftay they
remind us all that the exciting scenes which sur-
round us, and the deep interest in questions which
come before u , may concern us individually but
for a day or an hour; and, by moderating the in-
temperance of partisan zeal, may they dispose the
minds of all, at this interesting crisis of our public
affairs, to act with moderation and justice, and with
a single view to the best and highest'interests of
our common country.
Mr. NILES concluded by offering the following*
resolutions:
Resolved, unanimously, That the Senate, from a sincere
desire of showing every mark o( respect due to the memory
ot the Hon. Jabez w. Huntington, late a member thereof,
will go into mourning by wearing crape on the left arm for
thirty days.
Resolved, unanimously, That, as an additional mark of
respect for the memoiy of the Hon. Mr. Huntington, the
Senate do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives accordingly.
The resolutions having been adopted,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 9, 1847.
Another member, to wit, Mr. Timothy Pills-
bury, from the Slate of Texas, appeared, was
qualified, and took his seat in the House to-day.
Mr. JAMIESON said that, in order to complete
the organization of the House by the appointment
of the standing committees, and to afford the
Speaker time, he moved that when the House
adjourn it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Agreed to.
The resolution moved yesterday by Mr. Colla-
mer, providing for a Joint Committee on the
Library, was taken up, read, and agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice that on to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, he would ask leave to
introduce a bill entitled " An act to repeal so much
of the 13th section of the act entitled 'An act to es-
tablish certain post routes and for other purposes,'
approved March 3,1847, as authorizes a charge of
postage on newspapers conveyed in the mail with-
in thirty miles from the city, town, or other place
in which the paper is or may be published."
CONGRESSIONAL CHAPLAINS.
Mr. POLLOCK offered the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two Chaplain^ to
Confess, of diff.;rfnt denomination-, be elected, one by
each House, to officiate dining the present session, and that
they shall interchange weekly.
Mr. PETTIT rose to detain th«|pH ouse for a
few moments only, simply to reiterate what he
had heretofore said on the subject which this res-
olution presented to their consideration, and for
the utterance of which he had been exposed to
great reproach. He was impressed with the sol-
emn conviction that this House had no power—-
that the two Houses of Congress together had no
power—to appropriate the public money for reli-
gious purposes; and hence he was opposed to the
passage of this resolution. To him the proposi-
tion was plain, that the National Legislature had
no power at all to legislate on the subject of reli-
gion; and surely they could not appropnate money
for purposes respecting which they had no power
,to legislate. No member on that floor would
surely present the absurd proposition that they
had power to legislate on the subject of religion in
any form; for the framersof the Constitution had
wisely prohibited their doing so by the provisions
of that instrument, which was given to them for
their government. When the States, organized
their Governments, in some of them there existed
an established religion, in others there were vari-
ous religions, alike tolerated, while in some there
was a great preponderance of one. The New
England Stales were almost all puritanical; Mary-
land was almost exclusively Catholic—the univer-
sal religion, the Catholic faith,having been adopt-
ed by them. Other States had many religions.
In order, therefore," to avoid a collision of creeds
and the interests of these various denominations,
and to avoid trampling on the rights and privileges
of any, in the Constitution a provision was in-
serted prohibiting Congress from making any law
respecting an established religion. If, then, Con.
