16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9.
gress coftld not legislate on the subject of religion,
it certainly followed—this at least was clear to his
mind—that they could not appropriate money
where they could not legislate.
A few days since, in the presence of the Speaker
and of the House, he held up his hand, and, so-
lemnly appealing to the Supreme Being, promised
to support the Constitution of these United States
"so help me God;" and it was his sincere purpose
to adhere to that solemn obligation. He was
bound to support the Constitution as he under-
stood it5 and he could not recognise any power as
possessed of the right to construe that instrument
■for him, or to control his actions under it.
He did not wholly object to the adoption of the
resolution; for he was prepared with an amend-
ment to provide substantially for the accomplish-
ment of the same purpose. He did not object to
the election or appointment of Chaplains and the
opening of the deliberations every morning by an
appeal to the Throne of Grace; and he had no
dpubt, constituted #as they were, that this body
would need such appeals. Whether they should
be able to derive much good from them he did not
know. It would be well for them if they should
get a devout man to pray for them: he hoped they
should get one, for they were assured that the
''fervent prayer of the righteous avaiiefh much."
The prayer of any other would not be heard; and
hence; by the choice of any other, they should
not be profited.
But he had to the resolution a serious objec-
tion, and he now gave notice that he should offer
an amendment and an addition to it. First, as an
amendment, he should ask the House to strike out
the words ''different denominations," and for a
very good and obvious reason, which must appeal
to all men of common sense. Why was it, he
asked, that the two Houses of Congress should be
compelled to employ chaplains of different denom-
inations under this resolution? If there were a
religion at all, there must be a true, a universal, a
catholic religion. But, as there were many sects,
while there was orthodoxy, there was also hetero-
doxy. If, th(*n, out of six hundred and forty dif-
ferent denominations into which the Christian
world is divided, there be but one right and true
religion—and he held that there could be but one
right,and pure, and holy—this House mightchoose
the right, and the Senate, under this resolution,
must be content with the heterodox; or the House
might be in this position if the Senate should first
choose its chaplain, and elect from the true church.
Under such circumstances the Senate would have
pure and undefiled religion preached to them, but
the House must submit to have broadcast amongst
them that which was not true. He was aware
that these chaplains were to exchange weekly, and
thus one wegk they should listen to the proper
authority, aim their prayers might be acceptable
at the Throne of Grace; but on the next week they
would have one of a different denomination, whose
prayers could not possibly be heard. Now—and
lie was not disposed to urge this subject further—
how childish it was to prescribe such a limitation.
If a majority of the Senate should prefer a Catho-
lic, although a majority'of this House might be
Catholics, they would be piohibited m their selec-
tion to elect a chaplain of their own creed. The
same observation would apply to all other denomi-
nations. And why, he would ask, if they were
Methodists, should they not have a Methodist
chaplain here? He repeated thai the restriction in
this resolution was childish and absurd; and he
should first move to strike out the words " differ-'
ent denominations,"so that all creeds and denomi-
nations should be at liberty to come and participate
in the scramble for the prize.
He should next ask the House to add to the
resolution this provision : " Provided, Such chap-
lains shall be paid by the members of the respec-
tive Houses, and the United States shall not be
liable for their salaries nor any part thereof." He
should ask for the adoption of this proviso, be-
cause he doubted the propriety of appropriating
money from the public treasury for such pur-
poses, while the Constitution of the United States
letained its existing provision prohibiting legisla-
tion on the subject of religion." He had no objec-
tion, as he had said already, to commence each
day's deliberations with piayer, and for the ser-
vices of a chaplain he would pay as much as any
one. He was not aware that he needed as much
again as any other member the benefits of prayer,
i but he was willing to pay as much again. In this
respect he was disposed to be liberal. If they con-
tinued the remuneration heretofore given—$500—
the proportion of each would be $2 30; but he
■ would pay $5 of that amount. It was not from a .
' dislike of prayer that he thus objected, but from j
i a conviction that they had no power to put their !
; hands into the public treasury and take the mo- !
' ney which was drawn from believer and unbe- j
1 liever, Christian and Jew, Gentile and Mahomet- <
1 an, and pay for a religion in which so many who j
| contributed to that common fund did not belie\e. i
' He believed that they had no such power. He
i spoke prompted by a consciousness of doing right,
i He would detain the House but little longer,
I though he would take occasion to say that he had
! spoken on this subject to his constituents over and
; over again, and they knew that he came here pre- j
^ pared to pursue this course so long as they hon-
; ored him with a seat on this floor. He was aware
j that he had exposed himself to great aspersions,
1 but this did not influence him. He could, if it
i were necessary, give some beautiful illustrations
! of the class of men that aspersed him—men, some
! of them, whose hair would not have grown but for
! Executive clemency. Yes, he had been denounced
I by men who had not been two weeks from within
1 the walls of a penitentiary fur the violation of the
i laws both of God and man—the shedder of a
| brother's blgod. The denunciations of such men
j he heeded not, for he had acted from a conscious-
j ness of duty and of right; and he now in the same
I spirit asked the House to relieve him from the ne-
! ces^y of voting for a chaplain of a denomination
j different from the one the Senate should select,
i and relieve him from the unpleasant necessity of
| voiing against this resolution. If a respectable
; chaplain could be obtained, he repeated his offer to
i pay double the amount that any other member
i should pay. ^He desired the services of a chap-
( lain, but he was convinccd this House had no
j power to appropriate money for such purposes.
; If it could be done for such purposes here, it could
| be done for like purposes elsewhere. The power
by which they could do so here, would enable
them to provJtie chaplains for every precinct and
1 township in the country, and to compel the people
; to pay into the treasury money ostensibly for the
j support of the army and the navy, from which to
i pay for such chaplains as Congress might appoint
j for them. If they had power to do it here, they
had power to do it over the whole Union, and
; thus the Constitution would be subverted. He
; desired the members of this House to pay theii
< own chaplains as they paid for everything else.
| These were not services to be rendered to the
| Union, but to them individually, and hence they
i should pay for such services themselves. He
concluded by moving to strike out the words " of
I different denominations," and add, ,j' Provided.
: Such chaplains shall be paid by the members of the
; respective Houses, and the United Stales shall not
; be liable for their salaries or any part thereof,"
j The amendment having been read—
I Mr. P. called for a division of the question, so
! that the vot\might be taken first on the striking
j out, on which he asked for the yeas and nays.
i The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
motion to strike out was negatived.
The question then recurred on the motion to
amend, by adding the pioviso.
Mr. P. called for the yeas and nays thereon,
which were^not ordered.
The amendment was then rejected.
The question again recurred on the original re-
solution.
Mr. PETTIT moved an adjournment. Lost.
The resolution was then adopted.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENLEY offered the following resolution:
Resolved, Tfrat the standing committees of this House i>e
now appointed.
| Mr. VINTON inquired whether the standing
| committees, if appointed, would not expire in ten
I days, with the rules under which the House now
acted.
The SPEAKER replied that, by a resolution of
the House, the existing rules were operative until
the third Monday of the present month.
Mr. VINTON was understood to say that he
desited to guard a,gainst a possible contingency to
which he had referred, and also to divide the du-
ties of one of the standing committees of this
House, and therefore he offered a series of resolu-
tions as a substitute for the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley.]
[Of these resolutions we failed to procure a copy.
They proposed to divide the duties of the Com-
mittee on Commerce between a Committee on
Foreign Commeiceand a Committee on Commerce
among the States.]
Mr. COBB rose to a point of order. He de~
sired to he informed whether the resolutions of the
gentleman from Ohio could be received as a sub-
stitute for the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Henley.] The gentleman from
Ohio in fact offered a new rule in relation to a
standing committee as an amendment to a resolu-
tion, wliich he apprehended was not in order. To
such a course he objected.
Tlie SPEAKER' remarked, that if objection
were made, one day's notice would be necessary
before the House could act upon the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. VJNTON would move then to amend the
resolution of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Henley] by adding " except the Committee on
Commerce," and a-provision to limit the appoint-
ment of the committees to the present session.
Mr. HENLEY accepted the latter part of the
amendment.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if it was pro-
posed by this resolution to appoint the committees
forthwith.
The SPEAKER replied that it was simply pro-
posed to give the Chair authority to appoint the
usual standing committees.
Mr. JAMIESON asked whether, the rules of the
last Congress having by resolution been adopted
by the present House to be in force until the select
committee on that subject should report, the ne-
cessity for such a resolution as this was not there-
by superseded, and the Speaker could not now
ptoceed, without other authority, to appoint the
committees? '
Mr. STANTON, too, inquired whether the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, even in
its modified form, was now in order5
The SPEAKER understood it was simply an
amendment to suspend the authority to appoint
the Committee on Commerce, and he considered it
u in older.
j Mr. VINTON reminded the House of the vast
!| extent of this Union, the great amount of its com-
,'j merce, and the growing importance of ourcom-
;i iftercial relations, not only between the several
States of this Union, but with foreign nations,
which furnished in his judgment, sufficient busi-
ness for two distinct committees of this House,
such as his resolutions contemplated. The inter-
nal commerce among the States would, of course,
embrace the coasting trade between Boston and
New York, or New York and New Orleans, which
was as much internal trade as that between Chi-
cago and New York, or Cleveland and Boston.
He was desirous to see a committee on the internal
trade of the Union appointed, because, great as
that commerce now was, and great as were the
resources of this country, we knew comparatively
nothing of them—nothing of what we were doing;
nor should we ever know anything of ourselves
until we had a Home Department by which we
could obtain statistics of our trade. With these
views, he had proposed the appointment of such
a committee, with the design of preparing for the
establishment of a Home Depaitment. If we had
a committee to take into consideration the trade
among the States, it would be enabled not only to
i direct attention to that important branch of com-
1 merce, but to lay before the House such facts as
would enable them to know its extent, to provide
for its encouragement, and to secure its apprecia-
tion by the people of the United States. Then,
and nor till then, should wc be able to understand
and realize not only what we are doing, but what
we are capable of doing.
Mr. COLLAMER, without intending to embar-
rass the project of the gentleman from Ohio,
thought the adoption of such an exception as he
had nowr moved might obstruct the appointment
of the other committees. It was very desirable
that the Speaker should have before him all the
committees that were to be appointed, that he
might make proper selections of gentlemen to
serve on each; and therefore he would propose an
amendment whereby authority should be given
not only to appoint all the other committees as
