THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16,1847
New Series No. 2.
heretofore, but two committees also, one on for-
eign and the other on internal commerce. He was
aware that this, being an alteration of a rule, eould
not be done without one day's notice, if any gen-
tleman objected; but by general consent it could
be done at once.^
Mr. RHETT inquired whether, if objection
were made, it must not lie over one day.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. RHETT objected, then. If gentlemen de-
sired this additional committee, let the other com-
mittees be organized, and then let this proposition
come before the House in its proper course, when
it could be gravely considered.
Mr. BOYD said he understood there was a doc-
ument on the Speaker's desk from the Secretary
of the Treasury, which he desired to have dis-
posed of, as it would be necessary that it should
be printed.
The SPEAKER remarked that he had before
him several communications, which would come
up in their order.
Mr. BOYD hoped general consent would be ob-
tained for the disposal of these communications
now.
Mr. VINTON urged his proposition to divide
the duties of the Committee on Commerce at this
time, to avoid a subsequent disbanding of that
committee hereafter, or the appointment of two
committees in addition to the Committee on-Com-
merce.
Mr. HOLMES understood that his colleague
[Mr. Rhett] had objected, to avoid embarrassing
the Speaker in his appointment of standing com-
mittees. He did not understand his colleague as
objecting to the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, buC to the form and manner of its introduc-
tion at this time. If he did not state his colleague's
views right, he hoped he should be corrected.
Mr. RHETT had said not a word as to the
merits of the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. HOLMES had so understood his colleague,
and it was on that he was about to base his propo-
sition. If the gentleman from South Carolina
concurred in the proposition, was this not the time
at which the House should determine on its adop-
tion, because in the appointment of committees the
Speaker should be able to select the qualifications
and talent requisite for each > jNtoiv, if the com-
mittee on foreign commerce was to bo a distinct
committee, and they were to have another 011 in-
ternal commerce, let the Speaker know this, so
that he may determine the character of each, and
avail himself of the best talent the House furnish-
ed for that purpose. He concurred with the gen-
tleman from Ohio in the opinion of the necessity
for such a division of the labors of this committee.
"When he had the honor to preside .pver the Com-
mittee on Commerce, its time was occupied day
after day with internal affairs, which prevented a
proper investigation of important and complicated
external matters. Two-thirds of its time was
taken up with the consideration of such subjects
as bounties on codfish, while the vastly more im-
portant subjects were greatly neglected. He trust-
ed the House would now go into the consideration
of the resolution of his friend from Ohio, and de-
termine on having a committee whose attention
should be directed to our increasing commerce,
which the present position of China opens to us,
which Oregon and California are likely to afford,
which Polynesia, the German States, and other
portions of the earth may furnish to* us. This
might now justify the appointment of a distinct
committee, to consist of gentlemen whose views
shall be enlarged beyond fishing bounties, and em-
brace the commerce between us and all the nations
of the earth.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested to the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] that there were
two ways" by which his amendment could he
brought before the House. One was by o-eneral
consent, which it was not probable he would ob-
tain. The other was by a suspension of the rules
which he (Mr. S.) would now move. '
The SPEAKER decided that motion to be out
of order until all pending questions were disposed
of.
Mr. SCHENCK hoped, then, that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Henley] would so amend
his resolution as to provide for the appointment of
these two committees.
Mr. HENLEY said it was evident the discus-
sion of that subject would consume some time, and
therefore he could not consent.
Mr. RHETT said, when he objected to the re-
solutions or amendments of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vlvto.y,] it was not to avoid a discus-
sion of the proposition, but to secure its mature
consideration when it could be done thoroughly.
The resolution of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Henley] was the ordinary one providing for the
appointment of the usual standing committees, and
with the rules which the House had adopted there
could be no difficulty in so organizing the House.
But the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
was open to weighty objections, and hence he
deemed it inexpedient at this stage of their busi-
ness to entertain a proposition which would neces-
sarily involve discussion. He did not wish his
colleague [Mr. Holmes] to understand that he fa-
vored the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
No; a proposition for a Homo Department, such as
was there contemplated, would be forever opposed
by him. It was but a renewal of a proposition of
Federalism in the time of Alexander Hamilton.
What was the object of the gentleman from Ohio ;
His primary object he deemed utterly unconstitu-
tional. It was to bring within the control of this
House the subject of internal improvements—it
was to get at power to improve rivers and make
canals. Was not that his object? Would the gen-
tleman deny it ? It. was by means of this commit-
tee to reach a point on which parties had long dif-
fered—it was to extend the power of this Govern-
ment over internal improvements. There might
be another object. By internal commerce between
the States it might be intended to increase the
power of this Government over and to regulate
other things to which any man with such views of
the Constitution as he entertained would*be for-
ever opposed.
Mr. HOLMES interposed to remind his col-
league that this was a proposition to divide the
duties of a committee between two committees,
and he asked the gentleman from South Carokna
to show him by what process of logic he could ar-
rive at the conclusion that a division of power was
an increase of power. The maxim had been Di-
vide et impcra.
Mr. RHETT continued. It had been urged
that the Committee on Commerce could not dis-
charge the duty intrusted to it. Many internal
questions had been mentioned; there was foreign •
commerce as weil ?s internal trade; and to this time
they had gone on with no complaint that the Com-
mittee on Commerce was unable to do its duty.
When that committee should come to this House
and say it was unable to discharge the duty de-
volving on it, it would be time enough to appoint
another committee. Would not the adoption of
this amendment divide and tend to accumulate
those duties? If a committee were appointed on
foreign commerce gentlemen would be put upon it
whose attention would be turned to the promotion
of foreign commerce, and if a committee were cre-
ated on internal commerce, gentlemen would serve
upon it with congenial views and feelings. Now,
could any man doubt—he put it to the candor of
gentlemen on this floor—if they created these two
committees that it would greatly extend the opera-
tions of both? Would the gentleman from Ohio
have moved for the appointment of a committee on
internal commerce for nothing?—if it could accom-
plish no object whatever? It would accomplish
an object. The gentleman from Ohio saw it would.
It would tend to consolidate the power of this Gov-
ernment over the States. It would tend to estab-
lish a Home Department, which many of them be-
lieved would be unconstitutional. He was opposed
to this proposition now, and he should be opposed
to it ever.
Mr. MeCLELL AND eaid,*if he had understood
the gentleman from Ohio correctly, he had been
misunderstood by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. He understood the1 object of the gentleman
from Ohio to'be to collect statistics and general
information in relation to internal commerce, and
not to give the proposed committee charge of inter-
nal improvements merely so far as they were recog-
nised by this Government, and as they had been
embraced in the powers of the Committee on Com-
merce as it had been heretofore constituted. If
the power contemplated by the gentleman from
South Carolina were to be given to this committee
by this resolution,- as a new power, he believed
the gentleman from Ohio had misapprehended the
object of his own motion. Why, the House had
a committee whose express duty'it was to act upon
interna] improvement projects—he alluded to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. What was the
duty of that committee but to introduce bills ma-
king appropriations tor the construction of roads
and canals?
But he disagreed in part with the gentleman
from Ohio. He believed the committee as already
constituted, possessed all the power it could have
with the division which he contemplated. And
he agreed with the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, that the Committee on Commerce had always
discharged its duty to the satisfaction of the House.
This, however, might be a proper occasion to bring
to the notice of the House the fact, that during the
last session, the Committee on Commerce dischar-
ged duties that did not properly and appropriately
belong to it, and from which it should be relieved.
Claims for fishing bounties ought to have gone to
the Committee of Claims, and other subjects re-
fen-ed to it should likewise have had other direc-
tions. But still that committee was able to dis-
charge all the business given to it, to the satisfaction
of the members and the benefit of the country.
^ During the last Congress the Committee on
Commerce, for the two last months of the long,
and one month of the short session, had nothing
to do, having disposed of all the business before
it; and if that committee were now constituted as
it should be, it will be able to do all the duties the
House may impose upon it. The appointment of
two committees—the one on foreign and the other
on internal commerce—will lead to inudious dis-
tinctions. The gentieme-i to constitute the com-
mittee on foreign commerce must necessarily be
taken from the Atlantic cities; and hence jealousies
might be engendered which would tend to defeat
the objects and puipuscs for which it was designed;
whereas the single Committee on Commerce could
be constituted by the selection of gentlemen for all
sections of the Union.
Mr. "VINTON", with the permission of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mf. McClelland,] said
his purpose was not to creatc a committee to whom
power was to be given over internal improvements,
but who should be charged with the consideration
of " commerce among the several States," to use
the language of the Constitution—that is, the home
trade of the country, as distinguished from foreign
commerce, or commerce with foreign nations. °
Mr. McCLELLAND resumed. That was the
question he was going to speak to. From the
slight knowledge he had of the commerce of this
country, he found it difficult to distinguish, on the
lnkes, the St. Lawrence, and the Mississippi, and
the Hudson ond other rivers, and the Atlantic coast,
between foreign and internal commerce, and the
difficulty became greater every day. He was not
prepared now to say that he would not go with
the gentleman from Ohio for such a division of
the duties ofcthis committee; but he suggested the
propriety of not persisting in his motion at the
present time. Hereafter there would be ample
time for the consideiation of the subject without
obstructing the appointment of the standing com-
mittees as heretofore organized, and embarrassing
the Speaker. *
Mr. SCHENCK suggested, for the purpose of
accomplishing the object of the mover, that, if the
pending motion were not agreed to, he^would af-
terwards move to suspend the rules, with the in-
tention of offering the following :
