•18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
Orderc'I That the standing committees of this House be
now appointed, except Hie Committee on Commerce, and
that two other committees shall he appointed, to be called
one the Committee on Foreign Commerce, and the other
the Committee on Commerce amongst the States.
One word to the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett.] He did not intend to engage in a
discussion of the constitutionality of internal im-
provements, which the gentleman from South Caro-
lina apprehended would be involved in the ques-
tion before the House; but he desired to say that
he thought there was no occasion for doubt, nor
any difficulty to apprehend. He would call the
attention of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Rhett] to the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vixton] on the constitutional provision
on which he based his proposition. That provision
gave Congress power " to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States." All
these powers had been committed to a single com-
mittee, and the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Rhett] had said that a division of power could
increase a power. The gentleman was alarmed
at something; he was alarmed not only at the di-
vision of power, but at the division of action in
carrying out oi'power. Now if they looked at this
clause, they would see that there was something
more than he had mentioned; for the clauso gave
other powers by these word;!, " and with tlie In-
dian tribes."
We had already divided the action on this pro
to the intimations of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] that he (Mr. V.^) had in
view a plan to pave the way for some law to regu-
late the slave trade between the States.
Mr. RHETT had not said that the gentleman
had such an intention, but that such a committee
might be induced to do so.
Mr. VINTON had only to say that he had no
reference whatever to that subject. He had never,
on this floor, made any proposition which he in-
tended to have any bearing on that subject in any
way.
The resolution of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Henlf.y] was then adopted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid^before the House sundry
communications, to wit:*
A letter from the Printers of the House, explain-
ing why printed copies of the President's Message
were not ready to be furnished to members on the
day of its delivery to Congress by the President.
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting,
in obedience to the 20th section of the act approved
August 22,1846, and the act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year 1836, the annual statements of
the contingent expenses of the Department of State
and of foreign missions for the year ending June
30, 1847; which letter and statement were referred
to the Committee on the Expenditures of the De-
vision by adding to the Committee on Commerce j rtment of Stale.
a Committee on Indian Allan's; and if there was ij 1 A letter from the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting, in pursuance of law, copies of the
to be difficulty by division now, there must have
been difficulty then. This proposition was only
for a further subdivision, which became necessary
in consequence of the increased business of the
country—creating threo instead of two committees;
a Committee on Foreign Commerce, a Committee
on Commerce among the States, and a Committee
on Indian Affairs—three several committees, to
each of which its appropriate division of laboj- j
would be assigned. I
The subdivision of committees which appeared i
to give the gentleman from South Carolina so much j
concern, was not novel in tins Government. It '
had been going on from its institution. There j
was formerly but one Committee on Commerce j
and Manufactures. That continued till 1819, when*;
a division was made. Then agran there were the |
Public .Lands and Private Lands, which were once j
under the purview of one committee, but with which .
now two committees are charged. He also found '
m the same section of the Constitution a clau.se
which gave to Congress power u to make rules for 1
the government and regulation of the land and ]
naval forces;" and why should not that be com-
mitted to one committee? Because convenience
suggested the necessity of a division, and now all
military matters were referred to a Committee on
Military Affairs, and subjects relating to the. navy
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The Com-
mittee on the Mditia, too, was a subdivision from
the Committee on Military Affairs. All these sub-
divisions were made for convenience sake,.and for
distinct action on particular subjects. It was use-
Treasurer's accounts with the United States for
the third and fourth quarters of 1846, and the first
and second quarters of 1847, as adjusted by the
accounting officers of the department. Laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in pursuance of law, an account of
the receipts and expenditures of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June last; which
letter and accompanying documents were laid on
the table, and 10,000 extra copies were ordered to
be printed.
A letter from the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury Department, transmitting copies of such ac-
counts as have been rendered by persons charged
with the disbursement or application of moneys,
&c., for the benefit of the Indians, from the 1st of
Octobcr, 1845, to the 30th of September, 184(5,
inclusive; together with a statement containing: a
list of the names of all persons to whom goods,
moneys, or effects, have been delivered withm the
same time. Laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. WHITE, in compliance with the notice he
gave yesterday, introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Res-jlved, That the rules of tins House be amended by
adding one to the committees*, to consKt of nine members,
which shall be entitled a Committee on the Smithsonian
Institution. It shall he the duty of the said committee to
supervise the pioeeudinjjs of the Board of Regent?, examine
therefore heagain asked, what good could be antici-
pated from the appointment of such a committee?
Mr. H. believed they ought not to change the
present relations of Congress to that institution.
A committee appointed by this House would not
share in the daily deliberations of the Board of
Regents, and, without participating in them, it
would be difficult to comprehend all its designs.
The Board of Regents had endeavored in good
faith to carry out the law passed by Congress;
and, having done so, he said, let them go on; and
if their affairs should hereafter call for the appoint-
ment of a select committee, appoint one when
required, but do not now provide the means unne-
cessarily of constantly bringing on this floor, where
thpy were so much oppressed with debate,* the
affairs of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. WHITE disclaimed all hostility to that
institution, and declared his ardent desire to co-
operate with the Regents. The bequest was a
noble one, and it should be carried out in the same
! spirit. The committee which he proposed to cre-
| ate, on which he did not desire to be placed, would
i merely supervise the appropriations and review its
! affairs, and his could not, therefore, be considered
| a hostile motion. It was a new institution, under
' the care and guardianship of Congress, and such
| a committee mi^ht be necessary to report what
! was useful and requisite to carry out the design
j of the testator, which was to increase the diffusion
  of knowledge among men.
1 Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested, to save
| time, that the resolution should be referred to the
' select committee 011 rules, who could take it into
i consideration and report thereon to the House.
| Mr. WHITE had no objection to that course.
1 He modified his resolution accordingly,.and it was
referred to the select committee designated,
j On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
j Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be furnished to the
j members of this Hou^e, during the present session, such
' papfrs as theymay respectively direct; the expense thereof
Ii not to exceed the rate of thirty dollais per annum to ea^h
I member, from the commencement of the sess>6n.
i) Mr. FRIES moved the following resolution:
J; Resolved, That a select committee of three be appointed
|| by the Chair, who«e duty it shall be to inquire whether the
j, health of the members of this House does not requiie the
ii lemova! of the <rns apparatus bv which it is now lighted;
j and that they lessort by hsil or otherwise.
; i Pending the said resolution, the House ad-
i' journed.
less, however, to go into further illustrations. If 1! accounts and fhe condition of the funds of the Institution,
-the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Henley] was adopted, the Speaker would ap-
point the usual committees. But if the proposition
lie had to make could be entertained, the Speaker
would have all his committees before him, and he
would be able to discriminate 111 the selection of
gentlemen to serve on each. All the argument of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
in opposition to this further subdivision was based
on a probable abuse of power; but there could be
an abuse of power by the Committee on Commerce
surest puch alteiations or amendments of the law under
winch the institution was established as may be deemed
neeessaiy, and report to the House fiom time to time, as the
mtei est of the Institution may xequxro.
Mr. MILLIARD said he supposed that the
resolution would as a matter of course lie over.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution v/as
now before the House.
Mr. H1LLIARD deemed this resolution entire-
ly unnecessary. The Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution were selected, three from the Senate and
uy mo ouimmute on commerce j tlnee from this House. Whet possible necessity .
well as by a suodivision of that committee; that j! lhfm. hft • ,9ti,„ tL
gentleman's argument, therefore, did not strike ;
him an being very forcible. He reiterated, in con- !
elusion, his intention to submit amotion to shs- [
pend the rules as soon as these motions were dis- |
posed of. ' ;
gentleman from Indians, [Mr, Henley.] He pro-
posed, therefore, to withdraw his motion, givin°-
notice that on Monday next he would again bring
forward his proposition to divide the Committee
011 Commerce into two committees.
He here begged leave to say one word in relation
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 13, 1847.
The Hon. Johm Belt., of the State of Tennessee;
the Hon. Thomas H. Benton, of the State of Mis-
souri; and the Hon. David L. Yulee, of the State
of Florida, appeared in tffe Senate to-day.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. TTJRNEY presented the credentials of the
Hon. Joiin Bell, elected a Senator of the United
States from the State of Tennessee, for the term
of six years from and after the 4th day of March,
1847; which were read.
Mr. Bell, having taken the oath of office, which
was administered to him at the hands of the Victs
I President, took his seat.
I REPORTS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
| The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
j the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
j on the state of finances.
I Mr, ATHERTON moved that 5,000 copies of
j this report be printed, 200 of which should be for
I the use of the Tieasury Department. This was
| the number printed last session.
| Mr. BREESE, regarding this as a document
I of very great importance, moved that 20,000 copies
; be printed.
The question was then taken on the highest
then, could there be to justify the appointment of ;
a committee to inspect the affairs of that institu-
tion? Besides, other departments of this Govern- '
ment were required to act in concert with them,
811(1 therefore there could be no reason to justify !| 1"e que™°n was men talcen on the hignesi
. the bringing of the affairs of that institution into II num"eJ> an" decided in the affirmative—ayes 23
Mr. VUN ION said, it was important that this j! this arena of debate, that its progress mi^ht be |] noes
resolution Siiould oc adopted to-day, which he was ,! embarrassed, its harmony of action impaired, and :> The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
apprehensive would be consumed with the discus- ji the objects which it had undertaken be defeated. !; Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Sioi) of his amendment, and^defeat the object of the !; He as^ed the gentleman what good he proposed to jj Treasury, transmitting- the report of the Commis-
accomphsh by it? He would impute 110 sinister j! sioner^of the General Land Office, exhibiting the
motive to a gentleman of his enlarged and enlight- ij operations in that branch of the public service during
ened views, but still it must be borne in mind that |! ^ie fiscal year ending June 30, 1847; which was
the bill itself encountered great difficulties in its h read, and ordered to be printed.
progress through the House during the last ses- j: The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
sion. Much hostility was manifested £0 it, and ii Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
