20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
M. Cocke, Peter H- Silvester, John D. Cummins, j|
John Freedley, Thomas >S. Bocock, Richard !i
S. Donnell, David Hammons, William Strong, ;|
and Sidney Lawrence.
On Invalid Pensions.-—Messrs. Henry Nes, An- j
drew S. Fulton, George Fries, William T. Law- ■ ]
rence, Abraham V/. Venable, Robert A. Thomp- j|
son, George N. Eckert, James S. Wiley, and ,j
George Petrie.
On Roads and Canals.-—Messrs. Robert C. Jj
Schencki Elias B. Holmes, Robert Smith, Alex-
attder Irvin, Asa W. H. Clapp, Cornelius War- ,j
ren, Samuel 0. Peyton, William A. Newell, and ij
Job Mann. t jj
On Patents.—Messrs. John W. Farrelley, Wil- !j
ham B. Maclay, Thomas J. Henley, John W. !j
Jones, and John K. Miller. '\
On Public Buildings and Grounds.—Messrs. John : J
W. Houston, William B. Preston, James J. Fa- ]\
ran, Robert I\i. McLane, and Gideon Reynolds. '
On Revisalof Unfinished Business.—Me&Ms. J6hn
W. Hornbeck, Frederick W. Lord, Artemas |
Hale, Thomas J. Turner, and Hugh L. W. Hill. j!
On Jlccounts.—Messrs. Linn Boyd, Dudley S. \
Gregory, George A. Starkweather, William Ken- 1
non, jr., and William Henry.
On Mileage.—Messrs. Hiram Belcher, Thomas I
Richey, Cornelius Warren, William A. Richard- I
son", and James S. Green.
On Engraving.—Messrs. Lewis C. Levin, Hen- ^
ry C. Murphy, and Gieen Adams. jj
On the Library of Congress on the part of the jj
Mouse.—Messrs. John (X. Adams, William B. :!
Preston, and Henry 0. Murphy.
Tho following committees appointed at the first
session stand through the Congress, viz : h
Committee on Expenditures in the State Depart- !i
went.—Messrs. Daniel M. Barringer, John H. !
Prozier, vSamuel Lahm, James Dixon, and Wil- <;
liam Collins. j
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department.— ;
Messrs. Joseph M. Root, Richard S. Donnell, ;
Ausburn Birdcall, Aylett Buckner, and Winlield
S. Fealherston.
On Expenditures in the War Department.—Messrs. ,
John H. Crozier, Richard W. Tompson, Wil- 1
ham Kennon, jr., David S. Jackson, and Abraham ,!
Lincoln.
On Expenditures in the .Vary Department.—
Messrs. Patrick W. Tompkins, Nathaniel Boy- •>'
den, William B. Maclay, Beverly L. Clark and
Amos Tuck.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department.—
Messrs. James Wilson, Orlando Kellogg, Chailes !
E. hJiuart, Shepherd Letter, and John Thomp-
son. jl
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings.—Messrs. ' i
E. Camngton Cabel!, James (r. Hampton, Wil-
ham Sawyer, Elias R. Holmes, and William A. |i
Richardson. \\
On fan rolled Bills.—Messrs. James G. Hampton ,
and John L. Robinson.
The following members compose the select com- '!
mittoe appointed on Monday last to revise the
Rules of the House: * ]■
Messrs. Charles J. Ingersoll, Truman Smith, :
Howell Cobb, Caleb B. Smith, Daniel M. Barrin- ,,
ger, Robert McClelland, John (i. Chapman, Mere- I;
dub P. Gentry, and Timothy Jenkins. I
obituary. i
A message was received from the Senate an- 1
nonncing the decease of the Hon. Jabez W.
Hi'Ntington; when—
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, 'i
rose and said—
Mr. Speaker: The melancholy duty has been
assigned me to propose the usual'tubuie of respect ■
to the memory   fmy deceased friend and colleague .
in the Senate, the Hon Jabrz W. Huntingtox,
whoso death has just been announced. lie died at ■
his residence, at Norwich, on the 2d of November
lasf, after an illness of a few days, at thea°eof '
iifty-nmc. °
1 know not, sir, in what terms to discharge this
duty, nor upon which most to dwell, the value of :
his public services or upon the purity and integrity
of hi.v private character.
He was Inns: in public life. After having filled
impoi tarn otfiees in his own State, in the year 1829
he was chosen a member of this House, and so
continued until May, IS34, when he was elected a
Judge of the Supreme Court ofConnectiout, which
office he resigned when elected, in 1840, to the Sen-
ate of the United States, and that high office he has
now resigned to render an account of his steward-
ship to the Almighty Ruler of the Universe.
How faithfully he discharged the duties of thlse
offices, of hisjncredible labors, his inextinguish-
ableardor, his admirable intellect, his earnest and
fervid argument, there are many before me who
will bear testimony.
He was, by profession, a lawyer; and, from a
long personal knowledge, I can bear testimony that
he was a most thorough, learned, and accurate
lawyer, belonging to the very highest rank in his
profession in his own State, and with an accumu-
lation of legal knowledge rarely equalled. The
reported decisions of our State bear witness to his
ability as a J udge of the highest court of the State.
While in Congress no man worked harder or
more faithfully in the discharge of his public du-
ties, and few had acquired as ample and valuable
a store of political knowledge, tie was also emi-
nently practical, and knew well how to apply to
the best advantage his profound and various learn-
ing. So devoted was he m the discharge of his
trust, so unceasingly was he employed, that his
health fell a sacrifice to his earnest zeal in the pub-
he service.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that the description
which 1 have given is of a ripe and accomplished
statesman, and such was the deceased. He was
more, sir. He was a man of pure character, of
unyielding,unsuspected honesty; a consistent, de-
cided Chustian m his profession and practice.
The Senate and country, and his own State
especially, will feci the loss of a public man of such
lare endowments. That State has thus been call-
ed upon again, and for thq third time within com-
paratively a short period, to mourn the loss of a
Senator in Congress.
1 lrrtade not the sanctity of private sorrow; 1
would not open-alVesh the wounds of the family
oi my deceased friend, nor mock their grief by
the ordinal y topics of consolation. Their thoughts
dwell not now on his high station, his great"tal-
ents, oi important public services. They think
of his pnvate vntues, of his Christian life; and
their consolation is, that, at the houi of death, m
the full possession of his reason up to the latest
moment, he calmly, humbly, but most confidently,
committed his immortal interests to the Saviour
whom he trusted.
May i not nope, sir, that these repeated signals
of our mortality may check somewhat the turbu-
lence of angry passions, and had us all to the
adoption ot such a couise in the discussion and
decision of the impoitant questions before us as
will stand the test of thai tribunal before which
some of our number will probably appear during
the session upon which we have entered.
Mr. Rockwell concluded by offering the fol-
lowing resolutions; which were read, and unani-
mously agreed to:
R<i:cirfd, TJmt this Hou«;o ha-, hontdvvirh d< op i^ibil-
U\ tne uiM.ouiK'emcut of the death ot the Hon .Ur&z W.
Huntington, a Seimior in Con^s in m the State oi Con-
IK'l'tlCJli t>
Revived, ^That, as a testimony of resoeer for the memory
ot the <i< ceased, the memijeis and others oi ilu* Hou^e
weai the u.->it;ti b.ul^e ot mourning lui thirty daj>.
RetohH, That ih" pio< ceding oj thi>. HouVe in lejation
to the dcaiii of tne Hon. Jabez VV. Huntington he commu-
nis at! d to the family oi the dec-cased by the Clerk.
ilcsohcil Thai this Hou>e, as a anther maifc of respect
loi his memory, do now adjourn.
The House accordingly adjourned.
Stale of Connecticut, with the accompanying papers, be ta
ken fiom the tiles of the Hous-e at the last t-e&p'on, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Aifo, that the petition of France Allyet, with the acconv
partying papers, be taken fiom the files ol the House, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
PETITIONS, &c.
ihe following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
I5v Mr. .IOKIV A. ROCKWELL : Tne petition of Robott
Robeit-, piayiuw j0r an appiopnation, either from the funds
iequ«rcd under the tieaty \\ ith Sji.nii of 1819 oi with Ftaree
of i8.ji.tni <•(! nuk'mnity fot lo^aes bustatned bv the capture
ot the-ship Experiment in 3P(.o
Aiso3 the petition ol Jedediah Moise, a revolutionaty sol-
dier, for a pen-ion.
Al-o. the petition ofE. Goochioh Smith, for compenhatiou
for >erviee>.
Aibo, the petition of Lemuel Cushman, admimstiator of
the widow oi' a rtvolutjonaiy >oJdier
Also, tli'' petition oi Esther Fish, the widow of a revolu-
tionaty sUJiei, mr a pen-ion.
Also, that the petition and accompanying papeis of Wil-
liam Culvei he taken from the files of the Hou^e of tiie la.^t
session, and rcferi ed to the Committee of Chums.
Also, that tin' petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Daniel
Starr, rnththe aceompanjmgpaper-,be taken fiom the files
oi the iiotise at the la^t session, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
AI o, that the petition of Mrs. Clark, of Colchester, in the
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 14, 1847.
. The VICE PRESI DENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Register of the Treasury, made
agreeably to law, accompanied by statements of
the commerce and navigation of the United States.
Mr. DIX moved to lay the report on the table
and to print it.
He then proceeded to remark, that this was the
annual report of tho department on the commerce
and navigation of the country. It had been the
custom to print an extra number of this document;
he would therefoic move that an extra number of
2,500 be printed* 250 of which should be for the
, use of the Treasury Department, and 250 for the
! use of the Register of the Treasury.
! Mr. NiLES inquired if this was about the usual
, number printed, or if it was larger than usual?
; Mr. DIX said, he thought it was larger.
I Mr. NILE3 resumed. He was not much in the
1 habit of moving heie the priming of extra copies
: of a document. But as, in his opinion, this re-
| port exceeded in importance all the other reports
! laid before the Senate, a little extra expenditure,
i for the purpose of laying it before public, was
' necessary. It was an exposition of facts, not of
theories, or of favorite views of any officer of the
( Government, or anybody e-se. It showed what
: our own citizens had done, what had been accom-
plished by the enterprise of tiie country. It ex-
hibited the vast extent of our commerce and navi-
gation. And on account of its importance, he
would move to piint 5,000 additional copies.
Air. DIX concurred in what had been siid by
the honorable Senator as to the importance of this
report. He approved of the motion, and would
cheerfully second it.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked the Senator from New
York, if the number assigned for the use of the
Treasury Department would be sufficient. He did
not know the fact, but he had been told that a great-
er number would be required to enable the depart-
ment to distribute copies to other countries in re~
turn for similar favors received from them. He
had undeiMood this to be the case.
Mr. DIX replied, that he found that, at the last
session, 1,750 extra copies had been printed, 250
of which were for the use of the Treasury De-
partment, leaving 1,500 for general distribution.
On the next day, on his motion, 250 additional
copies were ordered for the use of the Treasury;
and on the subsequent day, 250 additional for the
Register. Thus, it appears that 500 were assigned
to the Treasury Department. He would move to
increase the number for the use of the'depait-
mcnt.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, asked the Sen-
ator what use the Register made of them?
Mr. DIX replied, that the report was made by
the Register, and was recorded there; and it was
thought proper, perhaps, that there should be a
number of copies there for inspection.
Mr. DAVIS would take occasion to say, that he
concurred in what had fallen from theSertatorfrom
Connecticut as to the importance of this document.
He did not know, however, that the usual number
was not sufficient. It was, as he described it, a
statement of facts, interesting^ in an extraoidinarv
dog ree, to every one. It disclosed facts connected
with our foreign commerce. In his (Mr. D.'s)
opinion, this exposition should be carried still fur-
ther. We ought to know something more of our
coasting trade, and to be enabled to estimate its
value. Before the close of the session, lie hoped
Congress would take some trouble to gain infor-
mation on this interesting point. He had no ob-
jection to the motion, but he hoped the Senator
would not be too diffusive.
Mr. DIX explained, that the motion for the extra
number for the use of the department was made
last session by the Senator from Pennsylvania on
his right, [Mr. Cameron,] on whose motion 3,000
were ordered. He would now move that 5,000
extra copies he printed, and 500 for the use of the
department, without reference to thg Register.
The amendment was adopted, and the motion,
as amended, was then agreed to.
