22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
been decided, and undoubtedly the decision is cor-
rect, that involuntarily setting foot on a foreign
shore prevents the person from receiving the
benefit of the act. The object of this bill is to
strike out the words "without being at any
time," &c.; so that, if the persons to whom the
act applies remain bona fide residents of the Uni-
ted States, although it may happen that by acci-
dent and involuntarily they set foot on foreign
territory, they shall be entitled to all the benefits
of the law. I move the refeience of the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ask its early
consideration, in the hope that the benefits which
it is proposed to extend to the many persons who
have declared or may declare their intentions to
become entitled to the privileges of citizenship, may
be extended as speedily as possible.
By unanimous consent of the Senate, the bill j
then had a first and second reading, and was refer- 1
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FLORIDA TREATY.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. "WESTCOTT asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill further to carry
into effect the provisions and stipulations of the
9th article of the Florida treaty with respect to
certain losses of Spanish subjects in West Flori-
da; which was read the first and second times by 1
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, together with the papers on ;
file relating thereto. ~
DAVID SHAW, ET AL.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BRADBURY asked
and obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution m
favor of David Shaw and Solomon T. Corser;
which was read the first and second times, by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, together
with the papers on file.
.NOTICES OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. MILLER gave notice that on to-morrow,
or at some early day, he would ask leave of the Sen-
ate to introduce a joint resolution authorizing the
- erection, on the public grounds in the city of Wash-
ington, of a monument to George Washington.
Mr. GREENE gave notice that on to-morrow,
or some early day, lie would ask leave of the Sen-
ate to introduce a bill for the relief of Mary Mac-
Rae.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that on to-morrow,
or at at some early day, he would a k leave of the
Senate to introduce a bill to compensate John M. :
Moore.
Mr. UPHAM gave notice that on to-morrow, or !
at some early day, he would ask leave of the Sen- I
ate to introduce a bill changing the places and. fix- 1
ing the times for holding the circuit and district
courts in the district of Vermont.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice that on to-
morrow, or at some early day, he would ask leave
of the Senate to introduce a bill to allow further
time for satisfying certain land warrants, &c.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice that on to-morrow,
or at some early day, he would ask leave of the
Senate to introduce a bill to divide the district of
Illinois into two judicial districts.
COMMERCE OF THE LAKES, ETC.
On motion of Mr. DIX, it was ordered that two
thousand additional copies of the report of the
colonel of the Corps of Topographical Engineeis,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 15th January last, information
upon the several subjects designated therein, as
connected with the commerce of the wesiein lakes
and rivers, be printed for the use of the Senate.
Ordered, That said report be referred to the Committee 1
on Commerce. j
REFERENCE OF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. !
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was ordered that
the different portions oi the President's message
be referred to the appropriate4 committees. 1
PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso- 1
lutioii, which was considered by unanimous con- •
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary oe Unvoted to furnish each
member ot the p/event Senate, who has not ahenavicceived
the sauio numhoi of cop.e-j of the Constitution and
other booivs ordcied to b;1 furnished to the Senator by the
resoiutions of Pebruaiy J8, IS47.
Mr, SEVIER moved a reconsideration of the I
vote just taken. He observed that there had been
a battle about these books every year for the last
seventeen or eighteen years: and he hoped that
the Senator from Pennsylvania would permit the
vote to be reconsidered, and not press the adop-
tion of the resolution at this time.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Arkansas
has received, I believe, all these books, and I only
ask that the new Senators may receive as many as
he has received.
Mr. SEVIER had supposed that the Senator,
when he made a motion of this kind, would have
some data to go upon, that we might be informed
as to the cost. It would probably be voting seven
or eight hundred dollars m addition to the pay of
each Senator, if these books are to be furnished—
and where is it to end ?
Ther® seemed to be a particular anxiety upon
this subject. He had seen great battles,on the
subject, and so bitter was the conflict, that the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was nearly
lost in consequence of it. He had seen the two
Houses of Congress at dcggeis-poinis in regard to
it. Now, where is all tins to end? How much
is it going to cost the Government ? At the last
session, we passed a lesolution to put upon our
j tables some twelve or fourteen copies of the pro-
! ceedmgs of this body; and to this expense you
! are going to add the expense of furnishing these
j books. Here was a very important matter about
to be pushed through without rejection, and with-
! out anybody knowing anything of the matter; it
! was only by accident that he noticed the resoiu-
j tion. Let us take time to think before we go on.
, But the Senator says I have received my por-
: tion of the books, i have taken mine, it is true,
j but they are no manner of use to me; and now,
I forsooth, because they have been heretofore dis-
[ tributed to Sonators, every new Senator who j
' yomcs in here n-nst be supplied. There will be no |
< end to it. He v, vnld further say, that his friend j
from Missouii [Mr. Denton] had stated at the last
session, that these books are often drawn and sold
to bookselieis in tkis ciiy, and again purchased by
order of Congress for distribution. Tnere should
be a stop put to this practice, especially at such a ,i
time as this, when we are pressed for money to '
j carry una foieigu war in which the country is en-
] gaged. I think it is time to put a stop to these
: expenditures; and I think that these books, winch
i can be found in the library and referred to at any
i time, and which any Senator may take to Ins
room and have the use of for the whole «f the
i session—books which are merely valuable for oc-
, casional reference while engaged in our congres-
[ sienal duties—need not be again procured for dis-
j tribution to Senators, i hope the vote will be
j reconsidered, with the view of postponing the mat-
j ter, at least, till we know the amount of the ex-
; pense which will be necessarily incurred. I tiust
; the Senator will agree to its postponement for a
| few days, that the honorable Senator from Mis-
i souri may be present when the vote is taken upon
! it-
j Mr. CAMERON. I believe, sir, this debate is
j out of order, the„resolution having been adopted.
| Mr. SEVIER. I have moved a reconsideration
! of the vote.
j Mr. CAMERON. I was perfectly willing that
i my friend, the Senator from Arkansas, should
■ make his spcech upon the subject; but t would
| be better satisfied, if there are objections to the
: resolution on the part of the new Senators, to hear
. those objections stated by them. It appears to rne
, rather extraordinary, that a Senator who has been
; here so long, almost, that the memory of man run-
, neth not to the contrary, and who has always
received his due proportion m the distribution of (
| these boulcs, should be so averse, as the Senator ji
; from Arkansas says that the distinguished Senator 'f
| is, to the extension of the same privileges to-other
, Senators. The Senator from Missouri is certainly
; very high authority: 1 am- always happy to see
. him hero; but the business of this body, i appre-
hend, should not be delayed by reason of his ab-
sence.
1^ only rose, however, to reply to the remarks
made by the Senator from Arkansas, that mem-
bers of this body had received these books and sold
them to the booksellers in this city. I have un-
limited confidence certainly in the Senator from
Arkansas, and am ready to attach much weight
to any statement made by him; but I do not be-
lieve that any man who ever had the honor of a
seat upon this floor would be guilty of so base an
act as to receive these books and sell them. I
would not make an assertion of that kind unless I
were able to produce the names of those who were
guilty of such uncreditable and ungentlemanly con-
duct.
Mr. SEVIER. I merely referred to what waa
stated by the Senator from Missouri, in his place
in the Senate, at the last session, that such things
had occurred.
The Senator assured us that books had been
drawn by members of Congress, whether of this
House or^the other he did not expressly state, and
that those" books had been disposed of in this city
to booksellers, and the same books purchased
again and placed upon our tables; and I will add,
that I have additional reason to believe that such
things have been done. I have reason to believe
that the books thus drawn have been sold by
members of Congress. And, sir, in regard to these
books, all I have to say is, that I have voted against
their distribution from the time that I first became
a member of tin's body.
They are of some little value certainly for refer-
ence, and nothing more; and for this purpose mem-
bers of Congress have every facility afforded them
—they have access to the library where these
books, are to he found, and they may take them to
their rooms and keep them throughout the whole
session; there is, therefore, no necessity for dis-
tributing then?. But I do not propose farther to
debate a matter of this kind. I shall content my-
self with asking for the yeas and nays.
Mr. NILES. It seems to me that the resolu-
tion is a very extraordinary one. Hitherto reso-
lutions of this kind have been confined to a cer-
tain class of books which have been assumed to
be necessary for Senators to possess. But it seems
that this resolution embraces other books—books
for distribution. If I understand the reading of
the resolution, it is confined to those books which
were ordered to be distributed among Senators- at
the last session. Now, in regard to this subject,
generally, I can say with the Senator from Arkan-
sas, that I have always regarded the practice of
distributing books among Senators as not very
creditable to the Senate. I have always believed-
that providing ourselves with political libraries at
the public expense was not a very honorable pro-
ceeding.
1 admit, ns everybody must, that these publica-
tions are of considerable value: yet I can say for
myself, that, however valuable that source of in-
formation may be, I have derived very little bene-
fit from it. I have received no books since I have
been a member of this body except what are
called the State Papers, and these I have found of
very little use to me. In regard to the books
which were voted to Senators at the last session,
consisting of thirty-odd volumes of the proceedings
of Congress, going back to a very early period, I
have received them; but they will be of no use for
the short time I shall remain here, inasmuch as
they were sent to me at my residence—though
they might have been of some little use, if they
had been allowed to remain here. I have contin-
ued to get along without any such aid in the dis-
charge of my duties here, and I have not per-
ceived that the light thus to be derived is very
essential to guide us in the discharge of those du-
ties. I have, therefore, not felt authorised to vote
for any resolution for distributing books; nor can
I vote for this proposition.
"Mr. MANGUM. I hope that the vote will be
reconsidered. This is a subject which has at-
tracted the attention of Congress for the last fifteen
years. My position in this body has imposed
upon me almost the necessity of inquiring into
this subject, as early as the session of 1833-4.
Very large and improvident contracts have been
made, involving the means in the treasury to the
amount of several hundred thousand dollars; and
Congress felt constrained to lay violent hands on
these contracts, and agree to compromises, per-
haps, exceeding the bounds of moderation. Not-
withstanding efforts made ten or fifteen years ago,
which, in this body, seemed entirely successful,
to put an end to these expenditures, yet we are
called upon, from time to time, to make appropri-
ations to meet them. My impression is, that,
under an^ action of this body, it will be impos-
sible entirely to arrest what 1 regard as a discred-
itable and pernicious system. I hope that the
vote wil] be reconsidered* and that some aption
