IS47.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOMEi
23
will be had that will lead to a diminution of the
evil. My impression is, however, that it will be
found impossible in one branch of Congress to
arrest this dishonest practice, and prevent appro-
priations in some form for these objects. At the
very heel of the last session, a resolution was
passed making an appropriation of these books
almost ueanimously, though it had not my con-
currence. I am perfectly willing, however, that
Senators should receive these books now for the
last time, though- I shall not vote for the resolu-
tion. I hope it will be reconsidered, and that it
will go to the Joint Committee on the Library, or
some other committee, and that a bill will be re-
ported to put an end to this system of expenditure,
so unbecoming in a legislative body. I have no-
objections, sir, that, in some form or other, an ap-
propriation should be made by which the new
Senators shall be supplied With these books. I
shall be content if this be done, though I cannot
vote for it; but, this being done, X should, before
other new claimants come, claiming to be placed
upon the same footing with those to whom books
have been already distributed, put an end to the
system. • I would not press the immediate adop-
tion of what might-be considered an invidious dis-
tinction; but I do hope that, after the distribution,
shall be made to those who are now Senators, we
shall put an end to this evil forever.
Mr. FOOTE. I think it due to- myself that I
should not be misuuderstood in regard to this
question. I happen to be one of that class which
is spoken of as new Senators, and the interesting
question seems to be, whether we should receive
these books, the titles of. which I scarcely know,
the value of whieh I cannot estimate, and in rela-
tion to which I am altogether uninformed. I am,
therefore, entirely indifferent upon the subject; but,
as I Bnd that there is opposition existing to the
proposition, I shall undoubtedly unite with that
opposition. If there be any doubt as to the pro-
priety of the measure, it should be voted down at
once; it should not be tolerated for a moment. An
evil practice should not be tolerated even for the
shortest period.
I will not undertake to say, new as I am to the
station I hold, that it would be improper to dis-
tribute these books according to the proposition;
bat I do undertake to say, that if the act be im-
proper, I should scorn to receive the benefit of it.
L l ,the P°®etr of the donor, I should scorn
i bt the right of the dis-
tubutor, I should scorn to be the distributee; If
books are distributed to me, I should certainly not
receive them unless I felt conscientiously autho-
rized to do so. I trust I shall never be found in-
dulging in that sort of peddling of small wares;
and I agree most fully with the Senator from Ar-
kansas, that if they to whom the books have been
heretoforedistributed have disposed of them in the
«Lhe states> such persons should be exposed
aad held up to public infamy.
Mr. SEVIER. I perceive that the resolution
refers to a previous one. I should like to know
what books were embraced in that resolution.
lows- retai'y then read the ^solutions, as fol-
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to nrocure for
the use ot (he Senate 2,000 copies of the authXcZ J of
of ouSTr' nuu'rcn,iWilh an ana,J"ical inde*> and compilation
the handf of h docHn?ents> recently printed and placed in
ce« the sum f,re' «,r°vlded the priee shall not ex-
ceea uie sum of one dollar and twenty-five eehte ner conv
10'000 addiUonaI copies of the authentic
copyof the Constitution, with an analytical index &o hp
procured tor the use of the Senate, provided they will' be
stated^ ata re<IUC1'°n °f 20 per " epnJe above
fu^i«h/l,ef i,That "1° Sec/etary of tl!,e Senate be directed to
ftfraulv .$!> ^ I"etJber of the present Senate, who has not
MembersTr'J^ HPm' su?h',ooks aa were famished to the
27th rnn.™ Representatives of the 36th and
Dellstes rli^pSl '"eluding the 14th volume of Register of
by1hX'& Gl,0be ?nd APP™d^, published
I Me & Rrmir,' i1- •Elllott s aDd Madison's Debates, and
large? 0<iU,<m oftlle Dnited States at
Mr. CALHOUN. I have been a good many
years m this body, and believe I have voted stead-
ly against all these propositions to distribute these
books, and yet I have felt a good«deal of embar-
rassment upon the subject. When the books have
been offered to me, 1 have hesitated whether I
should take them but kno.wmg they must go to
somebody, I concluded in, my own mind I oueht
to.take them. I have always believed, thatamoftg
the smaller abuses of the Government expendi-
tures this is the greatest; and I am willing to give
up to any new member that may desire them, that
portion of the books which have fallen to my share.
I have never derived five dollars advantage from
them since the first day they encumbered the
shelves of my library. 1 was not a little surprised
when I received a letter from one of the messen-
gers of this body, informing me that there were
two boxes of books for rue, for I knew not a word
about the resolution which passed at the last ses-
sion. The books were, by my direction, sent to
my rooms in this city. 1 found them packed in
two large boxes, which I have not opened, and
which 1 do not believe I shall open during this i
session. I appeal to the new members of this j
body whether this thing ought to ge^on forever; j
and if not, when can there be a more favorable !
time for putting a stop to it. It is a very great
abuse. These books have accumulated from year
to year, and^iSthe system be allowed to'go on for
ten years longer, as it has done for the last ten, a
whole library will be voted to each new Senator.
I shall vote for the reconsideration.
The motion for the ayes and noes was then with-
drawn; and the question being put upon the recon-
sideration-of the vote, itHvas decided m the affirm-
ative.
Mr. MAINTGUM then moved that the resolution
be referred to the Joint Committee-on the Library.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection that it
should be referred to that committee. My object in
proposing the adoption of the resolution, was only
to act courteously to the new Senators, I thought
it better that the question should be determined at
the early part of the session, than to defer it to the !
end; for I have heard complaints made regarding •
the introduction of resolutions of this description !
at or near the end of a session, when they are ne- 1
cessarily hurried through without much examina- j
tion. 1 am glad that my friend from North Caro- ]
limi has made this motion; I shall willingly sup- I
port it. |
Mr. MANGUM. I am sure that the Senator '
will feel that not the slightest exception has been i
taken by me to the early introduction of the sub- j
ject, for we all know that these things are some- i
timers pressed through at the heel of the session j
and pass unobserved. Last winter this resolution !
i recollect was passed by a thin Senate, after the j
lighting of candles, on the last day of the session;
and I will repeat^ that as this practice has been so ;
uniform, .and has grown to be so inveterate, I |
really think some means ought to be taken to put ;
an-end to it. It cannot certainly be considered
discourteous or unjust, if, after the distribution be
made to those Senators who have taken their seats
during this session, the door should be closed upon
any future appropriation of this character. !
Mr. HALE. As one of the new members of !
this body, permit me for myself individually to 1
say, that I hope the matter will be disposed of !
without any reference to what may be considered !
the personal claims of the new Senators to be fur-
nished with these books. It appeals to me that j
it is not,true policy to say that we will do wrong j
this once. I think the true way is, to begin to do j
right now. If the plea of " just this once" be al- '
lowed to prevail, that plea will be just as good at
the next session as now. The true course will-be
to begin to do right now, and let me hope that
such a course will be taken as will foiever put a
stop to the abuse which has so long existed.
Senators may recollect, that at the 28th Con-
gress an appropriation was made out of the con-
tingent fund of the House. I hope it will now be
effectually stopped, so that even indirectly it can- j
not be continued; and, as one of the new Sen- j
ators to whom reference has been made, I am, for I
myself, perfectly willing to be made an example j
of in this instance—to have its first operation ap- '
plied to myself. " I
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from New !
Hampshire entiiely misconceives my meaning if \
he understands me to say I would favor the doing t
wrong "this once." I said distinctly I would vote J
against it, as I have uniformly done heretofore; !
but I also said that I would be content that the j.
distribution should take place to those who are |
new Senators; and I said, also that I apprehended '!
that in some form or other it would unquestion-
ably pass during this Congress.
Mr. SEVIER. "This once" has been the cry
since this system commenced, and I believe with
the Senator from North Carolina, that it will pass
m some form or other before we adjourn.
The question being put on the reference to the
Committee on the Library, the motion was agreed
to.
On moticw, the Senate adjourned. -
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 14,.1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER, Mr. AVobs-
tine H. Shepperd was (owing to indisposition)
excused from serving as a member of the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
Mr. BOYD rose an'd said, in looking over the
list of committees?, he found he was appointed on
! two, whose duties were important and laborious,
to wit, the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Committee on Recounts. He thought it would be
| impossible to perform the duties incident to both,
j and lie therefore asked the House to excuse him
from service on the Committee on Accounts.
The SPEAKER put the question, " Shall Mr.
Boyd be excused?" and it was decided in the af-
firmative.
So Mr. Boyd was excused.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and requested the atten-
tion of the House to an attack which had been
made on him through the public press. [The floor
was claimed by other gentlemen.] He rose to a
privileged question, on which he desired to make
a persona] explanation.
The SPEAKER said: The Chtfir will take this
occasion to state to the gentleman from Ohio amj
to the House, that, in his opinion, personal expla-
nations are not privileged questions; they are ap-
peals to the courtesy of the House. Privileged
questions stand on a different footing. The gen-
tleman from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS then requested the Clerk to
read an article which appeared in the National
Whig of Friday, December 10, 1847; which ha
sent to the Clerk's desk:
The Clerk read as follows:
'• to the editor of the national whig.
" Party Treachery—T am not at ail surprised at the
course pursued dutm<* the late election of Speaker Of the
House of Representatives by Messrs. Giddings, Tuck, Pal-
frey, el id genus omne. Their minds are so utterly obfus-
cated by the madness of Abolitionism, that they call neither
see nor feel what is due to themselves or the party to which
they profess to belong, but of which they are the mere putrid
excrescences. They must suiely know that they possess
neither that political standing nor intellectual caliber that
would justify them in arrogantly opposing the will of one
hundred and six men of protounder intellect, higher reputa-
tion, and more ardent patriotism. If they have an Abolition
tvvr-.t. m their brain**, tiieir constituents should see the pio-
prietj of keeping them at home,a:idof thus preventing them *
from inflicting their folly on the House, or endangenng^he
interests of their party by such ' fantastic tucks' as they are
apt to indulge in. These, it is true, woul4.be quite harm-
less, and only calculated to excite derision and contempt,
if those who played them did notprofess to belong to apaitv
that must regard them and theii follies with disgust. As a
Whig, I utterly repudiate such men as political nuisances."
Mr. GIDDINGS interposed, and remarked that
he did not desire the Clerk to read the residue of
the article, if its reading were not called for by
others. [Several voices: "Read, read."] He
saw no necessity for the reading of more than that
which concerned himself.
Mr. GAYLE said the gentleman from Ohio
might be the proper judge of what concerned him-
self and of what was necessary for his own vindi-
cation, buthe desired the House to hear what h.ad
been said of others.
The Clerk accordingly read the residue of the
article.
Mr. GIDDINGS also desired the Clerk to read
j a few lines which appeared under the editorial
, J head of the same paper.
ji The Clerk read as follows:
'< I " Ws intend to prepare a full statement of the course of
11 those Whiss who desoi ted their partv on the occasion of the
I j election of the orticeis 0! the House of Representatives, and
, to send two thousand copies of the National Whig in which
j, it appeals into each of the districts of those gentlemen, in
i | orderthat their constituencies inay be made acquainted with'
|j the facts in the case."
ji Mr. GIDDINGS then said: This paper was put
!' into my hands on Saturday last, and is the first
, copy I have met with. It was established in this
Ij city some six mgnths since, with the avowed pur-
li pose of promoting the election of General Taylor
i| to the Presidency. The proprietors are not made
,j known to the public through-its columns in the
" ordinary manner, but their names are kept out
