24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
of view. Common fame speaks of the establish- !
jnent as a joint-stock concern, held principally j
by a political clique of this city, but in the support ■
of which some members of this House are inter- ,
ested. Of these facts, however, I can only speak j
from report. The editor does not avow himself,
though it is said that he was formerly from New j
Orleans, and more recently mi appointee under the ;
Administration of Mr. Tyler; yet we have no very :
deiin.te knowledge on this point: and it appears j
quite evident that the owners, the editoi, and cor- >
respondents think it policy to keep hid from the !
public gaze. They appear to have formed a politi- i
cal cabal, with the GLuixotic intention of guiding '
the Whig party in the coming Presidential con- !
test. ~ |
I now call attention to the articles read at the j
Clerk's table. The first appears to have come !
from an anonymous correspondent; but it speaks '•
familiarly of what passed in the Whig caucus, and !
is by many supposed to have emanated from a l
member of this body. If such be the fact, I hope i
he may be driven from his hiding-place, and corn- |
pelled to stand forth to the public gaze. i
It is no part of my present object to speak in I
explanation of the votes which I gave at the elec- j
tion of Speaker and Clerk. In the course which I '
then pursued, I was guided solely by the dictates !
of my own judgment and conscience, and am re- I
sponsible only to my constituents and to my God. !'
For the manner in which I discharged that duty, i
I shall at all times hold myself ready to give ex- j
planation to those whose will I was commissioned j
to execute, or whenever I may deem it due to my I
own fame. Intimations have gone out that gen- |
tlemen on this floor weie greatly dissatisfied witli j
my vote. On that point I will only say, if such '
be the fact, let them stand forth and avow their
dissatisfaction in a manner becotnino- American i
statesmen; and neither they nor the country shall i
wait long for an avowal of the principles on which j
I acted. I came here not only to act upon ail mat- >
ters which shall come before us, but to be prepared j
to vindicate my official acts whenever such vindi-
cation shall be rendered proper. But, sir, I know
too well what is due to my own self-respect and
to the constituency which I represent, to enter upon
any explanation m leply to such attacks as those
contained in the paper just read. I, however, will
say to the House that'these assaults are perfectly
understood. Their object is to browbeat members
and intimidate them from following the dictates of
their own judgment in the discharge of official du-
ties. It remains to be seen how far their objects
will be attained.
Certain letter-writers, also, whose conmiunica- ■
tions have appeared both in New York and Phila- '
delp^ia, appear to have acted in concert with the !
writers in the National Whig, and seem desirous
of being regarded as whippers-in of the Wiu°-
party. Although I will neither name thcrn nor the
papers in which they appear, I will give as a SDe-
cimen of their language a short extract from one of
their letters, in wincn the writer, speaking of the
votes of myself and my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] says:
■■I foio sr for the time fmm enlarging upon this topic tn
I would iloMre ; but aoundance of occasion will lie present-
ed, when I shall do my dul, fcailess.li, and not hesitate tcr
expewo thoio who have (iltcmpfpd to use the Whiir partv as
the stepping-stone to political ambition, ant] as the cover of
■scheme, which no \\ hie should countenance or tolerate
fu'rly' U l,hr°ne'r"al  ""nnk from tin* Jk.
as ttlej «ill discover before ttle session is orer."'
Others hold similar language, and I rose more
tor tae purpose of disabusing the AVhi* party of
all participation in such sentiments thanfrom any
personal consideration. In saying this, n may be
proper that I should say that 1 have held my pres-
ent scat in this body longer than any other Whig-
memoer. f also represent the strongest Whig dis-
trict ot the t nned States. In that district I have
resided, man and boy, for nearly half a century. I
grew up from a cntlii with its advancingsettlement
and couti louitd in some humble degree to the 'or'
mation of i * political character. It has never been
represented except by Whigs; nor has it ever
wavered in its political faith. And;I should poorly
discharge the trust reposed in me, were I to pe.nnt
that people to rest unuer the imputation of beino-
po.i 'caliy associated with sentiments like thos?
■illilueu to. ,Sir, I am sure that I utter the feelings
I sarXJtce® "* thlS Hail,and e^ewhere, whin
instrumVn.phr ?,S a ha-V0 nevev used such
nstrumenathties, or employed such agent*. And
: I trust in God t„he day is far distant when senti-
ments like these shall he harbored or acknowl-
edged by a party to which I have from its forma-
tion been attached.
Here the subject dropped.
RULES OF THE HOUSE, ETC.
Mr. J. C. Ii^GERSOLL, from the select com-
mittee appointed to revise the rules and orders of
the House, by general consent made a report;
which was laid oil the table and ordered to be
printed, and was made the special order of the day
for Thursday next.
Mr. HEiNLEY moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce a joint resolution.
The motion was disagieed to.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
James Monroe, of the city of Isew Vork, piaying
to be admitted to a yeat as a member o£ the House
of Representatives for the Thirtieth Congress, in
the place of David S. Jackson, the sitting member.
Referred to the Committee of Elections.
Also, a petition of Hannah Avery, late widow
of King- Avery, deceased, of Cornwall, in the State
of New York, piaying to be restored to the pos-
session, use, and occupation of certain land occu-
pied by her father, Hugh McClarmon, m his life-
time situated within the tract of land at West
•Point, claimed by the United States. Referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LEVIN moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to offer the following resolution:
Rcsohed, That the Postmaster of the House supply the
luembcis with wrapping paptr and ein eloper fret: ut charge,
and tnal lie be directed to kef*p an account of the quantity
of paper and the number of envelopes given to each, sub-
ject tolhe inspection ot any member, when des-ired.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and agreed to; and so the resolution was received.
Mr. HOWELL COBB thought the resolution
should be sent to the Committee on Accounts for
examination. During the last Congress it was
ascertained that great abuses had been perpetrated
in relalion to envelopes and wrapping-paper, of
which many reams had been sent to the rooms of
members, who had no use for them in the ordina-
ry course of legislation. He hoped, therefore,
that this resolution would not now be adopted, but
that it would be sent to the Committee on Ac-
counts, that the facts of the case might be report-
ed upon to the House. He saw 110 reason why
there should be a distinction drawn between en-
velopes and wrapping-paper and the stationery
which members required, and which was provided
, for them to a Unwed amount. At anv rate, he
; hoped the House would allow a committee to ex-
amine and report upon the subject, that they might
vote understanding^. He moved the reference of
this resolution to the*Committee on Accounts.
Mr. LEVIN had nonobjection to the refeience,
though he was of opinion that his resolution would
itseif provide a remedy. It proposed that are-
cord should be kept of the amount supplied to
each, to which record every member could have
11 access for examination. It seemed to him, there-
foie, that the remedy it provided was full and
\ ample.
; Mr. ROOT said there was a manifest impro-
priety in sending this subject to the Committee on
Accounts. What was done at the la&i session— 1
I in the statement of which the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] he had no doubt, was cor-
rect—was not done under a rule of the House, but
■ i in accordance with a provision of a previous ses-
•' sion.
'i . COBB said that was tiue. The rule limit-
•j mg the stationery of members *to twenty-five doi-
'! lars, was a rule ot the 26th or 27th Congress,
which, however, had been acquiesced in by the
practice ot this House ever since. It was not a
■; 1Uje °f this, but of a preceding Congress.
■ s Xvlr. R.001 said, hence tin; necessity of some
j resolution. There was a pressing necessity for
doing something in this matter, but~he apprehend-
ed this resolution would he found insufficient.
, The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
■ motion to refer; which the Speaker was of opin-
,t ion was lost.
,, A division was called for, and the motion was
; agreed to—77 111 the affirmative, and 72 111 the ne<?-
; ative. 5
; eleciion of chaplain.
Mr. POLLOCK moved that the House do now
proceed to the election of Chaplain. Agreed to.
;; The SPEAKER announced that nominations
j| would now be received.
;j Mr. LEVIN nominated Rev. R. W. Cushman,
1 Baptist.
j: Mr. ASHMUN nominated Rcv.Orville Dew-
ey, Congregationalism
jj Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS nominated Rev. R, R. Gur-
(! lev, Presbyterian.
Mr. 'McLANE nominated Rev. J. N. McJil-
J tok, Protestant Episcopalian.
;| Mr. STANTON nominated Rev,Levi R. Reesi;,
j: Methodist Protestant.
Ij Mr. PETT1T was excused from voting,
j] Mr. SAWYER was also excused from voting,
j; Mr. Le\int, Mr. Ashmun, and Mr. McLane*
I; were appointed tellers.
jj The SPEAKER then directed the Clerk to call
ij the roll; which having been done—
;! The tellers reported that the whole number of
ij votes given was 209; necessary to a choice 105; of
!; which—
jj Rev. fylr. Gurley received .74
[\ Rev. Mr. Cushman 60
jj Rev. Mr. McJilton 30
!i Rev. Mr. Dewey 29
ii Rev. Mr. Reese    ..16
No candidate having received a majority of att
the votes given, there was no election.
Mr. McLANE withdrew the name of the Rev,
J. N McDiUon.
Mr. Pollock was appointed a teller in the place
of Mr. Levin.
The roll was again called, and having been gone
f through—
j; The tellers reported that the whole number or
j, votes given was 207; necessary to a'choice 104; of
j,' which—
|j Rev. Mr. Gurley received..   .94
•j Rev. Mr. Cushman       .87
|f Rev. Mr. Dewey., 20
j! Rev. Mr. Reese.   ,5
.1 Rev. Mr. McJdton.,..  1
i: No candidate having received a majority of all
the votes, there was no election.
Mr. ASHMUN said, as he nominated the Rev.
Mr. Dewey, he would withdraw his name, in order
to enable the Honse to make choice of a Chaplain
011 the next ballot.
Mr. LEVIN moved to suspend the rules m
order to enable him to move a resolution appoint-
ing a Chaplain. Disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON withdrew the name of Mr.
Reese.
The roll was then called the third time, and the
tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given was 202; necessary to a choice 101; of which
The Rev. Mr. Gurley received..... |02
The Rev. Mr. Cushman.      .100
The following te the vole in detail:
For the Rev. Mr. Gurley—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincv
Adaias, Ashmun, Banow, Belcher, Blanchard. Bocock,
Bowdo'i. Biady. WilliamG. Brown, Buckner, Butlei,
Cathcart, Chapman, Ciinfiinan, Cocke, Collaiue>. C'lhns,
Couser, Cri&fielfl, Dickey, Di\on, Diniel Duncan. Dunn,
; Edward*. Alexander Evans...Nathan -Cvarn.rurreily, Fi^hei,
I Finuinoy, Freedley, Fuitoii, Gjjle, Goggm, Gotf. GiCgorVj
| GnnneH, Hale, Nathan K. IXaii j-Inmmon?. James'G. Hamp-
I ton, Mo^es Hanntton, Hairis, Henry, Isaac'E. Holme*. Ehas
[ B. Holme.-*, Hubbard, Hunt, Irvin. jvcr.-nn. Kclloec. William
i 'i1- -Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence. McDowell, Mar?h, Marvin,
( Morehead, Mulliii, Maiphy,Nel-o«, wall, Peaslee. Peek,
I Pollock, Pre>ton. Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A'Rock-
: well, Roman, Rose, Root, Rumeey. St John. Schenck, Sher-
i rill, £hngeiland, Smart, Caleb B. Plinth, Ro'hert Smith. Tru-
I
mot, WiHon, and Wmthrop.
! Ibrikcllev. Mr. Cushman—Mc^ra. Gr >en Adamt, Bar-
rmjfr, Bayly, Beale, Bcdiriyer, Bingham. Uiid>ali, Black,
Bowdon, Bowini, Boyd, Brodhead, Bint, Canby, Chn«e,
Clapp, Franklin Claik, Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb. Cianston, Ciozier, Cummins,
Darnel, Du-kinson, Garnett Duncan, Eckert, Ed^all, Ein-
hree, Featherston, Fickhn, Fries, French.Gentiy, Gidriinjt-;,
Green, Willard P. Hall, Haralhon, Hainiaii>ori. Ha-kell,
Henlev, Hill, Ihlhaid, Geoige S. Hou^fui. John W. IIou«-
ton. Charles J. Ingersoll, Jamicson. Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, Geoige W. Jone>, John W. Joiic-^. Kaufman, Kcnnon,
Thomas Butler ICmg, Daniel P. Kinir, Lahm, Lit ^dre, L<'-
vni, Lignn, l.ineoln. T.ord, Lumpkin. Maciav, McClelland,
Mcllvaui", Mcti.niP, Mann. M^ade. Miller. Morris. Mor?*1,
Nes, Outlaw. Palf«ey, petue, I'eUon, Phelp>, Pill^bui'y,
Rhett, Reynold?, Richardson, Uiohrj, Robinson, Rockluil,
Sunp^on, Sims, Stanton, Starkweather. Strohmu Thibo-
deaux, Tnomas, Jacob Thomp-on, John B. Thompson, Ro-
be it A. Thompson. William Thompson, Thurs-ton, Toombs,
Vonable, Wn.-k, and Woodward
The Rev. Mr. Gurley, having; received a major-
ity of all the votes given, was declared duly elect-
ed Chaplain for the present session of Congress.
