26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
Ing a Government loan in 1813. AJ*o, the petition of C. J.
Maclellan, for additional remuneration for expanses, &c.,
incurred by the funeral from his hotel of a member of the
House of Representatives. .. .
By Mr. COLLAMER: The petition of J. P. Skinner and
George B. Green.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Andrew Blake,
praying for the houritv that would have been allowed to
the schoonei Two Brother?, had not that vessel been lost:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. The petition of-
A. A. Higgins, praying for the allowance of the fishing
bounty to^chooner Madison, of Orlaudo, lost at sea while
pursuing her voyage: referred* to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition af Sarah Hildretf^
widow of John Hildreth, a soldier who died m the sf-rvice
of the United States during the late war, for a pension: re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. The petition
of Edward Q.uinn, formerly a seaman on board the frigate
United States, who received an injury in the service, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 15, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the report made to the
Treasury Department by the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, showing the progress of that
work during the year ending October, 1847; which
was read.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
Ordered, That it be printed, and that 1,950 copies, in ad-
dition to the usual nuinbei, lie printed for the use of the
Semite, 250 of which to be sent to the Superintendent
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell,
their Clerk:
" Mr. President: The House of Representatives
lrave chosen Royal R. Gurley, of the Presbyte-
rian denomination, Chaplain on the part of the
House.
"The House have appointed'a Committee on
Enrolled Bills, on their part, consisting of James
G. Hampton and John L. Robinson."
PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Mary D. Wade, widow of a deceased na-
val officer, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Wm. Pumphrey, praying the confir-
mation of his title to certain lands in Louisiana;
which was refened to the Committee on Private
Lanif Clai ms.
Mi". ASHLEY submitted additional documents
in relation to the petition of Elizabeth Pistole;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Henry Simpson, surviving administrator of George
Simpson, deceased, praying to be allowed a com-
mission on a loan negotiated by the testator for the
Government in the year 1813; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Henry
Washington, praying redress for arbitrary and
illegal conduct on the part of the surveyor general
of public lands in Florida, in vioiatfiig a contract
entered into with him for executing certain surveys;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CASS submitted documents relating to the
claim of T. S. Wendall, for the payment of a sum
of money due him under the 4th article of the
treaty of 1837 with the Saginaw Indians; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of James
Edwards, praying compensation for losses sus-
tained m consequence of the destruction of his
property during* the Seminole war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. Y. also presented the petition of James
Edwards, administrator of Edward M. Wanton,
deceased, praying compensation for losses sus-
tained by the deceased, in consequence of the de-
struction of his property during the Seminole war;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. Y. also presented the petition of Eugene
Van Ness and John H. Brush, executors ofNehe-
rniah Brush, deceased, praying compensation for
losses sustained by the deceased in consequence of
the destruction of his property during the Seminole
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. Y, altfo presented the petition of Gad
Humphreys, praying indemnity for losses sustain-
ed in consequence of destruction of his property
during the Seminole war; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. Y. also presented the petition of George
Center, praying indemnity for losses sustained in
consequence of the destruction of his property
during the Seminole war; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of Ma-
ria Caldwell Robertson, legal representative of
James Caldwell, deceased, praying the payment |
of certain outstanding loan-office certificates issued
to the said James Caldwell, and since lost or de-
stroyed; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims. ;
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of George |
H. Lee and others, members of the bar m the
State of Virginia, praying an inci'ease of the sal-
ary of the judge of the western district of "Vir-
ginia; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Oliver C.
Harris, praying an extension of his patent for a
paint mill; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
UNITED STATES COURTS OF VERMONT.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. UPHAM asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill changing the places
and fixing the times for holding the circuit and
district courts in the district of Vermont; which
was read the first and second time by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. MILLER asked and
obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution autho-
rising the erection on the public grounds, in the
city of Washington, of a monument to George
Washington; which was read the first and second
time by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of citizens
of Union County, Arkansas, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail-route from Magnolia to Holly
Spring, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, it.
was
O/dered, That the petition of the Mexican Gulf Railroad
Companion the hies of the Senate, be refened to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of Nathaniel Hoggatt, on the
files of the Senate, he lefeired to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of Elizabeth Jones, represent-
ative of John Carr, deceased, and the petition ot Tnomp on
Hutchinson, heirs of Thomas Hutchinson, deceased, on the
hies  f the Senate, be severally referred to the Committee
on Pensions, v
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Ordered, That the memoual of Fo.\hall A. Parker, on the
files of the Senate, be relened to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. j
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was j
Ordered, That the petition of William C. Easton, on the !
files of the Senate, be lfcferred to the Committee on Military !
I Affairs. j
j On motion of Mr. HALE, it was ]
I Ordered, That the petition ot the representatives of Robert i
| Sewall, on the files of the Senate, be refeired to the Com-
! mi ttee on Claims. !
! On motion by Mr. MASON, it was I
! Ordered, That the petition of tfie heirs of William Gray- i
| son, deceased, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the j
i Committee on Military Affairs. ;
j On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was j
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of David Noble, on |
, the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on j
i Claims. j
i pn motion by Mr. RUSK, it was I
I Ordered, That the petition of E P. Calkin So Co., on the
! files of the Senate, be lefeired to the Committee on the Ju-
i diciary.
i On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
, Ordered, That the petition of John Searing and others,
; heirs of Mary Allen, deceased, on the files of the Senate,
| be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
^ On motion by Mr. DIX, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Martin, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
! Ordered, That the petitions of Calvin Reed, of George W.
Walton, and of J. W, Nve, assignee of Peter Bargy and
Hugh W. Stewart, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Maria Loubet, legal repre-
sentative of Jean Baptist© Lomagne,on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims*
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Talbot and others,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee oil
Indi'an Affairs.
On motion by Mr. NILES, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition of Thomas Rhodes, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. NILES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Walter Loomis & Abel
Gray, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Asa Andrews, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the hefrs of Fiancis Cazean,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files ofrthe Senate,
relating to altuations in the times and places of holding the
circuit and district courts of the United States in Vermont,
be refeired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Benjamin Har-
rison, and the incrr^riul of Samuel Lamme, executor of
Nathan Lamme, deceased, on the files of the Senate, be
severally referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Cadwalader Wallace, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it w$3
Ordered, That the petition of Bryan Callaghan, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Presley Thornton, deceased,
have leave to withdiaw their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That William Saunders and William R. Porter^
sureties of William Estis, have leave to withdraw their pe-
tition and papers.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Ordered, That Samuel A. Morse have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES, ETC*
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of reviving an act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment of horses and
oiher pioperty lost or destroyed in the military service of
the United States," approved January 18,1837, as amend-
ed by an act entitled u An act to amend an act entitled 4 An
act to provide payment for horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the militaty seivice of the United States,' ap-
proved October 14. 1837," and as still further amended by
an act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled {An act to
provide payment for hoises and other property lost or rie-
stioyed in the military scrvice of the United States,' ap-
pioved the 18th of January, 1837," approved August 23,
1842; and applying the provisions of the same to the volun-
teers who have been engaged in the military service of the
United States since the 13th May, 1846, are now, or shall
hereafter be in said seivice. And that said committee be
instiucted, also, to inquire into the expediency of paying
the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
said volunteers, for parts of rations when the United States
shall fail to supply the same.
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following reso-
i lutions for consideration:
j Resolved, That to conquer Mexico, and to hold it either as
! a province or to incorporate it in the Union, would be in-
! consistent with the avowed object for which the war has
: been prosecuted; a departure from the settled policy of the
: Government; in conliict with its character and genius j
i and, in the end, subversive of our free and popular liistitu-
i tions.
! Resolved, That no line of policy in the further prosecu-
1 tion of the war should be adopted which may lead to con-
} sequences so disastrous.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, it was ordered
■ that the resolutions be printed.
MILITARY HOSPITAL AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether the interpret of the service does
not requite that a hospital or other additional means be pro-
vided at New Orleans, for the better accommodation of
wounded, invalid, and other soldiers and volunteers going
to or returning fiom Mexico. And, also, to inquire whether
any further provision oflaw be necessary to provide ade-
