1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
nuate means in all cases for the support and assistance of
discharged soldiers or volunteers on their return home; and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DOWNS, after the resolution had been
read, stated, in explanation, that it was well
kntiwn that a large portion of our troops were
landed jut and embarked from New Orleans; and
it must be admitted by every one, that sufficient
provision should be made for the accommodation
of those who thus devoted themselves to the ser-
vice of their country. There was an urgent ne-
cessity that the sick and disabled soldiers and vol-
unteers returning from Mexico should be provided
with shelter and medical attendance. Many of
these were entirely destitute; and although there
are means, to a limited extent, in the barracks and
institutions of the city, still, so great is the num-
ber of the sick and wounded and disabled, that
these means are altogether inadequate, it was
therefore highly proper—it was essentially neces-
sary—that some permanent arrangement should
be promptly made for the relief and comfort of
these men. He believed that he might be permit-
ted to say, that both the Secretary of War and
" General Brooke, who are perfectly acquainted
with these facts, and who are sensible of the ne-
cessity of some such provision as his resolution
contemplated, would give their hearty concurrence
to the proposed object. He had not thought it
necessary, or indeed proper, to make any specific
suggestions in reference to the mode of carrying
into effect the object of his resolution. This will
be much belter lei't in charge of the able Committee
on Military Affairs. He would only remark, fur-
ther, that General Brooke is now in this city, and,
should it be the wish of the committee, he would
be willing to furnish them with any further infor-
mation which they may require in relation to the
subject.
The resolution having been considered by unan-
imous consent, it was agreed to.
privilege of the floor.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Wiles:
Resolved, That the Auditors of the Treasury and the
chiefs .of bureaus of the Navy Department be entitled to
seats on the floor of the Senate.
The resolution was modified as follows:
Resolved, That the heads of the bureaus of the Treasury,
War, Navyrand Post Office Departments be admitted to
seats on the floor of the Senate.
The question on the, resolution as modified was
then propounded by the Chair; but some objection
being heard—
Mr. N1LES stated that he was not disposed to
increase unnecessarily the number of those persons
who, by the courtesy of the Senate, were admitted
to the privilege of seats on the floor of the Chamber;
but he thought there was a manifest propriety in
extending this privilege to the individuals designa-
ted in his resolution. If any persons were entitled
more than others to the privilege of admission, it
must be those who, from the character of their offi-
cial stations, had frequent occasion to be in per-
sonal intercourse with the chairmen and members
of the committees, and of this class were the offi-
cers embraced in his resolution. Other ofliceis of
the Government, for this reason, are allowed the
privilege of the floor. It was given to many as an
act of courtesy and respect; such as those who had
been members of the body; the members of the
State Legislatures; and others who have received
the privilege on account of meritorious services.
But every Senator must admit that the officers who
are connected with the details of the public service
ought to be equally entitled to it* in order that
Senators themselves may suffer no inconvenience
in the discharge of their public duties.
The resolution was then agreed to.
PASSENGERS ON STEAM-VESSELS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following, resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire whether any further legislation is necessary
in regard to navigation by steam for the preservation and
protection of passengers.
annexation os territory.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted yesterday by Mr. Dickin-
son:
Resolved, That, in organizing a Territorial Government
for Territories belonging to the United States, the principles
of self-government upon which our federative system rests
will be best promoted, the true spirit and meaning of the
Constitution be observed, and the Confederacy strengthened,
by leaving all questions concerning the domestic policy
therein to the Legislatures chosen by the people thereof.
Resolved, That true policy requires the Government of the
United States to strengthen its political and cqmmereial re-
lations upon this continent, by the annexation of such con-
tiguous territory as may conduce to that end, and can be
justly obtained; and that, neither in such acquisition nor 111
the territorial organization thereof, can any conditions be
constitutionally imposed, or institutions be provided for or
established, inconsistent with the right of the people thereof
to form a free sovereign State, with the powers and privi-
leges of the original members of the Confederacy.
Mr. DICKINSON remarked, that he would not
press the consideration of these resolutions at this
time. He was anxious that there should be a full
Senate when they were taken up, and this was not
likely to be the case until after the holidays. He
therefore asked that they should be passed over for
the present.
They were accordingly passed over.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 15, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked leave to give no-
tice of a motion for leave to introduce certain
bills.
The SPEAKER said that the proper time for
members to give notice for motions for leave to
introduce bills and joint resolutions was when the
States were called for petitions and resolutions.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said he feared that time
would never arrive.
INTERNAL COMMERCE.
The SPEAKER said that the first subject for
consideration this morning was the amendment
offered by Mr. J. W. Houston to the resolution
moved by Mr. Vinton yesterday, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce shall here-
after be called "The Committee of Commerce among the
States/' and shall have charge of all questions touching the
regulation of trade among the several States of the Union.
There shall also be added to the standing committees of the
House a eopnmttee, to be composed of nine members, which
shalTbe callad "The CommitteeonCommerce with Foreign
Nations." It shall have charge of all questions concerning
the regulation of the trade of the United States with foreign
nations.
Mr. J. W. Houston's amendment is as fol-
lows:
Provided, That it shall be the duty and power of the Com-*
mittee on Commerce among thff Suites to take into consid-
eration all such petitions and matters and, things touching
the appropriation of the public money for the improvement
of the navigation of livers, lakes, harbors, bays, and inlets,
both upon the seaboard and jn the interior, and not of the
said Committee on Foreign Commerce.
Mr. VINTON said, before the discussion was
resumed, he would modify his resolution by in-
serting after the word " questions," where they
occur in the resolution, the words "which may be
referred."
The debate on the resolution and amendment
was then resumed.
Mr. RHETT obtained the floor, and addressed
the House. When I objected (said he) to the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vin-
ton,] a few. days ago, it was not with any expect-
ation that I could arrest a poliey which I knew the
gentleman had so much at heart. Any one who
has been on this floor for the last four years must
have known the progress of things in this direc-
tion. It has been certain and accumulating; and
in the last Congress there were not less than two-
thirds of the members of this House, comprehend-
ing the whole North, with a large portion of the
West, who were in favor of internal improve-
ments. I could not hope, therefore, to arrest, in
so feeble a form as the resisting of this resolution,
the fearful strides of so gigantic a policy. But my
object is, that, in the march of this Government
in encroaching on the powers of the States, my
course, at least, as a Representative oil this floor,
should be distinctly known.
What is the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio? He has moved for the establishment of a
committee, first, for the purpose of obtaining in-
formation—as I understand, statistical information;
second, with a view to exercise power on the ba-
sis of this information; and, third, the action of
this committee and the statistics to be subsidiary
and in themselves productive of a home depart-
ment.
Now, first, as to the statistics of the gentleman
from Ohio. His colleague (Mr. Schenck] said I
need not be alarmed; that nothing at all was to be
done; that whatever power this House has under
the Constitution would be exercised, and no more.
But does not the gentleman know that he and I
differ as to what this power is^ •
Now, what has been the course-of the division
of powers in this House i Does not everybody
know that when the Federal party have had the
majority in this House, and wished to exercise,
powersior which they had no warrant—to amend
the Constitution—the very first step has been'to
raise a committee? Was it not the case in 1819,.
when the Committee on Manufactures was estab-
lished ? Before that, duties were lajd for revenue.
It is true, incidentally, it was admitted they might
look to the protection of manufactures. This was
in 1819. The tariff of 1816 was a tariff of reduc-
tions from the war duties which were first imposed „
under it. The first reduction was to come in
1819. The Federal party came in, and insisted
upon duties without reference to revenue; and
they got them. That is the history of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
What has been the history of the Committee on
Roads and Canals? This committee was estab-
lished in 1824. In 1824, internal improvements
had become very rife. The first thing was, that a
Committee on Roads and Canals was moved here,
and it was established. Although the proposition
to give this Government power over roads and ca-
nals was distinctly submitted in the convention
and rejected, that was no impediment at all to the
establishment of that committee. Now, the same'
thing is to be done in this case. We have heard,
of a huge convention which met at Chicago du-
ring the last summer, in whic-h men of all parties—
Federalists and Democrats—met and determined,
under the auspices of Mr. Webster, that this Gov-
ernment is omnipotent over all things within the
whole limits-of this Union; and I take it that this
is nothing more than an efflorescence, a production
of the Chicago convention—just as the tariff oft
1824 was an efflorescence of the Pittsburg con-
vention; and its friends have come now to ask for
a new committee to give power and effect to this,
system.
I will now take up the purposes of the gentle-,
man from Ohio—the objects for which he. wants
this committee. First, for information. Well,
have we no information ? The Government of the-
United States has already provided, first, for th.e
registry of all foreign tonnage; second, for the re-
gistry of all tonnage among the States over twenty
tons; and, third, for the license of all tonnage
under twenty tons; and, accordingly, we had the
annual report on tonnage and navigation laid on
your table a few days ago. The commerce of
Chicago, Erie, Louisville, Cincinnati, of every
town, shines there, is laid down there.
Well, what more does the gentleman want? He
intimated that this department might get together
the statistics of the commerce within the Suites.
Mark you, the Constitution does not say commerce
within the States, but it is only " among " the
States; in other words, the foreign commerce of
the States with the other States. That is the.
commerce alone which this Government has any
control over by virtue of this clause of the Consti- >
tution. Will that answer the purpose of the gen-
tleman from Ohio ? No; he wants statistical infor-
mation concerning the productions of the State—
how many barrels of flour, how many chickens,
how many bushels of corn are raised—like tire
orders which were given out at the taking the last
census. Now, according to my views, there is no
such power in the General Government. The
great principle and spirit of the Constitution is,
that whatever the States are competent to do the
States shall do; and what the States cannot do the
General Government shall do, though under the
express specifications of the Constitution. Now,
will any man tell me the States are not able to take
account of their own productions ? Certainly no
man in Massachusetts; for the other day I had sent
to me from some one there a most minute report,
showing all the productions of Massachusetts,
from a hobnail to a steam engine. Now, does
the State of Massachusetts want this Government
to do what they are doing themselves ? To send
spies and inquisitors to every, house in the Union
to find out what they, do every year, how much
grain they:produce, and how many pigs and chick-
