1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
was merely imaginary. It was a position which
he held could not be controverted, that the power
to make improvements was a power to improve
any rivers, whether their waters washed the shores
of one State or a dozen; it was a power to improve
any harbors, whether they were on the seaboard
or die lakes; it was a power which was within the
sound discretion of Congress. Congress alone"
could determine what appropriations to make to
protector to facilitate our commerce,whether that
commerce was with "foreign nations"or "between
the States." Congress has acted upon this view
of its powers. It did so last year. It did so du-
ring preceding years, it made liberal appropria-
tions for the Jakes and rivers of the West, and for
western harbors, too. Did any gentleman deny the
power of Congress to improve the Mississippi j
river? He thought that would hardly be called i
in question now. Did any gentleman deny the j
power to make appropriations for the improvement ;
of the Ohio river ? He thought that, too, would be '
generally conceded, if, then, that power was
conceded—if we have exercised it—he took it for
'granted that power would be again exercised by
this Congress; but whether their act would become
a law, he knew not. And if they were to legislate
on this subject, was there not an evident propriety
in having a committee to examine the various pro-
posed improvements, that they might be guided to
an enlightened decision ? Should they leave a vast !
subject'like this, which was likely to involve mil- ;
lions of dollars—a subject affecting a half or two- !
thirds of the population of tins Union—a subject j
affecting the business of every internal State of this j
Union,—should they, he asked, allow these vast!
interests to find their way through this House with- !
outa committee to consider them, to examine them, i
to judge of the claims presented, and to ascertain !
which was the mustentitied to the support and pro- j
tection of this Government? Why appoint a com- !
mittee on the subject of public lands r Why appoint !
a committee on uie subject of commence generally? |
Why appoint committees on such subjects and not j
appoint a committee on a subject like this, involving
such immense interests? Why should this gieat
subject be left without the protection of a commit-
tee whose province it should be to examine us
claims? Four years ago, a report was made from
a Special CommiUeeonRuieSjat the head of which,
he believed, was the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] which proposed a
division of the Committee on Commerce such as
was now proposed. That report, however, was
never brought to the vote of this House, in con-
scquence of us involving the question of slavery.
The appropriate moment, then, had now arrived
for establishing such a division, and creatingacom-
mittee with special refeience to internal impiove-
rnents. He desired to placeit on thatground. He
had no desire to dodge the question. He desired
to place it fairly before the country. The question
of internal improvements is one which will com-
mand the vote of a large poition of this Union,
unless it be the State of South Carolina. He was
not in favor of a prodigal waste of the publicmoney;
he was not in favor of expending money in im-
pioving every hule stream. No; but he desired
to acknowledge the power of this Government to
facilitate and^to protect the commerce of this coun-
try, and he desired to see it judiciously adminis-
tered. With this view he desired to see a com- !
mittee appointed whose wisdom, and experience, i
and intelligence would enable them to leport such
objects to Congress as are worthy of the support
of this Government.
Mr. ROOT said, when he first heard the subject
mentioned by his colleague, [Mr. Vinton,]' he
thought very favorably of it; but, on reflection, he
had become satisfied that u.vvould be inexpedient.
Having, however, once changed, he might possi-
bly be induced to change his opinions again; and
hence he rose now to express his opinion with no
very great confidence. He should regret to see
this lesolution adopted; but he feared the advocacy
'of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith]
and the opposition of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] made that result very prob-
able. [Laughter.] He conceded that a majority
was in favor of internal improvements; and it seem-
ed to be expected that those who were m favor #f
internal improvements would be in favor of this
new committee, and those opposed to internal im-
provements would object to it. If he was con-
vinced by the argument of the gentleman from
South Carolina, he should go against it; but he
thought the best answer to that gentleman's argu-
ment was the observation of his colleague [Mr.
Holmes] on a previous day, that the division of
one committee into two would not enlarge its pow-
ers. It had been suggested that there was a dis-
tinction between salt and fresh water improvements;
and now they were to have a salt and a fresh water
committee. [Laughter.] They were to be u divi-
ded and conquered." That certainly was not in-
tended, but he inquired if that might not be appre-
hended? He feared the conflicting and distinct
interests, which the proposed separation would
create, would lead to divisions which he wished to
avoid. The Committee on Commerce has now as
much jurisdiction over internal impro\ements as
the Committee on Commerce among the States
would have. Where, then, was to be found a rea-
son for a new comnlittee? Why divide the labor
of the one between two committees? He had never
understood that the Committee on Commerce was
a very hard-working committee. He did not be-
lieve they worked as hard as some others, though
he admitted it had been a very able and faithful
committee, doing all that belonged to it. Why,
then, he repeated, raise two committees to do the
work which had been conveniently done by one?
The Committee on Commerce~had already been
constituted, in accordance with the old rule, by the
Speaker; and, for one, he was willing to trust that
committee; and he would here take occasion to
avow that he was as strongly in favor of internal
improvements, as they were called, as any other
gentleman, and he represented a constituency which
was deeply interested in them, and which was not
troubled with such scruples as those which were
entertained by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Riiett.J He feared the effect of raising this
new committee. The commerce among the States
was justly entitled to as much consideration as
commerce with foreign nations. It was their duty
to promote both. The commerce between the
States and Canada was immense. And he would
beg leave to suggest to the friends of this measure
that they should need—especially while the present
Executive was spared to them—all the united force
of the friends of commerce among the States and
comraeiee with foreign nations, and he should op-
pose any motioft which would have the efiec^of
dividing them, or of appearing to divide them. He
believed the existing committee competent to dis-
charge its duties, and it wafe the safer policy to
leave, that committee unchanged. He had no de-
sire to dodge the question; but he thought it inex-
pedient to put a weapon into the hands of the oppo-
nents of internal improvements, especially such a
weapon as the gentleman from South Carolina had
shown a disposition to use, when he had indicated
his conviction that in tiiis movement was involved
a spice of Abolitionism. He knew they asked for
appropriations for internal improvements because
they wanted to benefit commerce; and he knew
they derived the power to make appropriations for
such purposes from the same clause from which
they derived their power to appropriate money for
the promotion of foreign commerce. But he be-
lieved they should make a stronger stand when
they confided all these interests to one committee
than when they apportioned them between several;
for it was as true now as it ever was, " divide and
conquer."
Mr. BEDIJN'GER rose and said: I will express,
in as few words as possible, the reasons which
will compel me to vote against the adoption of the
resolution ofi'eied by the gentleman from Ohio. I
believe it to be impolitic and unnecessary, if not
unwise and dangerous; and I cannot avoid the ap-
prehension that in the end it will produce moie
; agitation and distraction to this House than infor-
I mation or advantage to the country. I, among
; others who oppose this resolution, may be thought
, over-cautious, and may be accused of starting at
j shadows; but it is better to be over-cautious in
| times like these, than to slumber in security until
I wakefulness and caution can no longer avail. I
J was sent here to be cautious, sir, and to be watchful;
I and I hope I shall not slumber at my post. And 1
| confess I was very much pleased at the prompt-
i ness and vigilance manifested by the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] on Thursday
last, when he took this ball at the first hop, and
called the attention of the House to the covert
danger which the resolution contained. Sir, my
experience, and that of older and wiser men than
myself, teaches me to believe that the greatest
danger to the institutions and freedom of this
country is to be apprehended from the constant
encroachments, or efforts at encroachment, of the
confederated Government upon the rights and
sovereignty of the individual States. My maxim
is, to prevent, by every possible means, the greater
Government from encroaching upon, and finally
crushing, the lesser ones. I know that it is more
customary, more fashionable, ifl may use the term,
just now, to manifest uneasiness and profess ap-
prehensions at the power of the Executive. But,
in my opinion, it is not from the Executive that
any veat danger need be feared to the liberties of
this country, for the Executive is constantly and
closely watched by millions of vigilant eyes. His
slightest acts are scanned and criticised with jeal-
ous scrutiny; and his slightest aberrations from
duty, or his smallest clutching at illegitimate power,
meet with such instant and clamorous rebuking,
that the eyes as well as the ears of all men are
opened at once; and if there be indeed any danger,
it is detected and crushed in the hud. No Execu-
tive in this country ever assumed to himself more
power than the Constitution and laws guarantied
to him, without awakening the wrath of the peo-
ple, and being hurled with indignation from his
high office. Executive encroachments are not, and
never can be, very dangerous, because they are too
easily detected, and too zealously opposed. But
it is not so with the encroachment of the Federal
Government. That is always more dangerous,
because it is always more insidious. It assumes
a thousand different shapes, and menaces the rights
of the States and their liberties, seldom by direct
attack, but often under the specious pretext of
benefit and advantage; and the domestic history of
this country has been little else than a series of
struggles between the individual States to preserve
their rights and their sovereignty, and the Federal
Government to deprive them of both. And I re-
peat, that, to me, the great danger has always ap-
peared from this tendency upon the part of the
General Government, and the small disposition
(which, I much fear, is becoming less every day)
anywhere manifested to guard and protect the
rights of the States against it. I know it is too
customary now (and I am sorry it is so) to laugh
at'these fears when thus expressed. But if those
who first detected this danger had suffered them-
selves to be laughed into silence and security,
[ our country would not have stood in the erni-
| nent position which she now occupies. I repeat,
j sir, we cannot be too cautious—we cannot make
j efforts too strenuous to prevent the Federal, the
j more powerful. Government from crushing the
! weaker ones. It is as if. in partnership of iridi-
: viduals, the " firm" should be permitted to infringe
| the individual rights of the copartners, or as if a
| seventy-four should be suffered to run down and
■ swamp her own boats. Now, sir, is there anything*
in the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio cal-
culated to increase this dangerous power and ten-
dency upon the part of the General Government^
| Let us read the resolution carefully, and mark well
| the phraseology: The committee "shall have
| charge of all questions touching the regulation of
; trade among the seveial States of the Union."
Now, sir, I will admit, that if it be the intention of
this House to carry the doctrine of internal im-
provements to the length avowed by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] (whose position I
am glad to learn,) it may be necessary to appoint
such a committee. But as I am unwilling to be-
lieve that the people of the United States will ever
sanction this construction of the Constitution, I
can see no necessity for such a committee at pres-
ent. I repeat that I am glad to see the bold ground
assumed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Smith.] fie is of opinion—if I did not misunder-
stand him—that the General Government has
power to improve any river, any stream, any lake,
or any harbor, within the whole area of this tlnion.
I am willing to trust that issue to the people, sir;
and never will I believe, that, with the injustice
which the proposition bears upon its very face,
and which was so forcibly exhibited by the
gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr. Rhett,]
they will sanction so monstrous a doctrine. But
I was particularly struck with one remark of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Smith.] He said
he would not advocate the improving by the Gen-
eral Government of every* paltry little stream pr
harbor in the Uniofil Sir, I suppose we should
