30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
thank the gentleman from" Indiana for even that
admission. But who made him a jud^e of the
importance or paltriness of the different rivers and
harbors in this country, or who is to constitute
any of us such judges? Is the size of the river to
determine the constitutionality of the act of im-
provement? Who shall say which of the rivers
in Virginia is most important to that State, except
the people of Virginia themselves? Has the gen-
tleman in his tnuid's eye only the great rivers
and harbors of the West, and will he pay no atten-
tion to those of any other section ? It is these very
sectional preferences which render the exercise of
the powers so dangerous. It would seem, from
the admissions of the gentleman from Indiana, that
there was " danger in the tainted gale," and that
the apprehensions of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] were not ill-grounded. The
object of the resolution seems now to be avowed
to be, to further and sustain the cause of internal
improvements by the General Government. But
there are other objections to the resolution. I de-
sire to call the attention of the House particularly
to its phraseology. Jill questions touching the
regulation of trade among the several States of the
Union are to be given it in charge. Sir, I want
.no such committee in this House. When this
committee shall become weary with the investiga-
tion of the amount of wheat and corn, cotton and
tobacco, &c., which the different States produce
and exchange with each other, I ask, if we have
not good cause to apprehend (judging of the future
by the past) that they may deem it "their duty"
to inquire into other matters which do r^ot concern
them, and which had better be let alone? It re-
quires no gift of prophecy to foretell that there is8
even now a black cloud lowering upon our politi-
cal horizon—I hope I am understood, sir; I say a
black cloud—which is soon to burst, with more
wind and thunder than anything else, I hope and
believe; but yet with wind and thunder sufficient
to distract this body and disturb tfte peace of the
country; and I will not vote for any committee
which may il deem it their duty" to add wind and
thunder to such a cloud.
Mr. WOODWARD next obtained the floor.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by his Private Secre-
tary, James Knox Walker, Esq.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, appealed to
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Wood-
ward] to yield the floor, to allow the message to
be read, as he understood it related to the subject-
matter now under consideration.
Mr. WOODWARD complying with the re-
quest-—
VETO OF THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, as
follows:
To the House of Rejrresentatives:
% On the last day of the last session of Congress,
a bill, entitled "An act to provide for continuing
certain works in the Territory of Wisconsin, and
for other purposes," which had passed both
Houses, was presented to me for my approval. I
entertained insuperable objections to its becoming
a law, but the short period of the session which
remained afforded me no sufficient opportunity to
prepare my objections, and communicate them,
■with the bill, to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated. For this reason, the bill was
retained; and I deem it proper now to state my
objections to it.
Although, from the title of the bill, it would
seem that its main object was to make provision
for continuing certain works already commenced
in the Territory of Wisconsin, it appears, on ex-
amination of its provisions, that it contains only
a single appropriation of six thousand dollars to :
be applied within that Territory, while it appro- !
priates more than half a million of dollars for the j
improvement of numerous harbors and rivers lying j
within the limits and jurisdiction of several of the ,
States of the Union. ;
At the preceding session of Congress, it became j
my duty to return, with my objections, to the
House in which it originated, a bill making gimi- I
lar appropriations, and involving like principles; I
and the views then expressed remain unchanged. !
The circumstances under which this heavy ex- |
"peiidkure of public money was proposed were of {
•imposing weight in determining upon itsexpedien- j
cy. Congress had recognized the existence of war
with Mexico, and, to prosecute it to "aspeedyand
successful termination," had "toade appropriations
exceeding our ordinary revenues. To meet the
emergency, and provide for the expenses of the
Government, a loan of twenty-three millions ofdol-
lars was authorized at the same session, which has
since been negotiated. The practical effect of this
bill, had it become a law, would have been to add
the whole amountappropriated by it to the national
debt. It would, in fact, have made necessary an ad-
ditional loan to that amount, afe effectually as if in
terms it had required the Secretary of the Treasury
to borrow the money therein appropriated. The
main question in that aspect is, whether it is wise,
while all the means and credit of the Government
are needed to bring the existing war to an honor-
able close, to impair the one and endanger the
other, by borrowing money to be expended in a
system of internal improvements capable of an ex-
pansion sufficient to swallow up the revenues not
only of our own country, but of the civilized world?
It is to be apprehended that, by entering upon such
a career at this moment, confidence, at home and
abroad, in the wisdom and prudence of the Gov-
ernment, would be so far impaired as to make it
difficult, without an immediate resort to heavy
taxation, to maintain the public credit and to pre-
serve the honor of the nation and the glory of our
arms in prosecuting the existing war to a successful
conclusion. Had this bill become a law, it is easy to
foresee that largely increased demands upon the
treasury would nave been made at each succeeding
session of Congress, for the improvement of numer-
ous other harbors, bays, inlets, and rivers, of equal
importance with those embraced by its provisions.
Many millions would probably have been added
to the necessary amount of the war debt, the annual
interest on which must also have been borrowed,
and finally a permanent national debt been fastened
on the country and entailed on posterity.
The policy of embarking the Fedeial Govern-
ment in a general system of internal improvements
had its origin but little more than twenty years
ago. In a very few years the applications to Con-
gress for appropriations in furtherance of such ob-
jects exceeded two hundred millions of dollars. In
this alarming crisis, President Jackson refused to
approve and sign the Maysville road bill, the Wa-
bash river bill, and other bills of similar character.
His interposition put a check upon the new policy
of throwing the cost oflocal improvements upon,
the national treasury, preserved the revenues of
the nation for their legitimate objects, by winch
he was enabled to extinguish the then existing
public debt, and to present to an admiring world
the unprecedented spectacle, in modern times, of a
nation free from debt, and advancing to greatness
with unequalled strides, underaGovernment which
was content to act within its appropriate sphere in
protecting the States and individuals in their own
chosen career of improvement and of enterprise.
Although the bill under consideration proposes no
appropriation for a road or canal, it is not easy to
perceive the difference in principle or mischievous
tendency between appropriations for making roads ;
and digging canals, and appropriations to deepen ;
rivers and improve harbors. All are alike within
the limits and jurisdiction of the States, and rivers
arid harbors alone open an abyss of expenditure
sufficient to swallow up the wealth of the nation,
and load it with a debt which may fetter its ener-
gies and tax its industry for ages to come.
The experience of several of the States, as well
as that of the United States, during the period that
Congress exercised the power of appropriating the
public money for internal improvements, is full of
eloquent warnings. It seems impossible, in the
nature of the subject, as connected with local rep-
resentation, that the several objects presented fur
improvement shall be weighed according to their
respective meiits, and appropriations confined to
those whose importance would justify a tax on the
whole community to effect their accomplishment. I
In some of the States, systems of internal im- j
provements have been projected, consisting of;
roads and canals, many of which, taken separate- :
ly, were not of sufficient public importance to jusu- j
fy a tax on the entire, population of the State to
effect their construction; and yet, by a combina-
tion of local interests, operating on a majority of
the legislature, the whole have been authorized,
and the States plunged into heavy debts. To an
extent so ruinous has this system of legislation
been carried in some portions of the Union, that
the people have found it necessary to their own
safety and prosperity to forbid their legislatures,
| by constitutional restrictions, to contract public
debts for such purposes without their immediate
conscnt.
If the abuse of power has been so fatal in the
States where the systems of taxation are direct,
and the representatives responsible at short pe-
riods to small masses of constituents, how much
greater danger of abuse is to be apprehended in
the General Government, whose revenues are
raised by indirect taxation, and whose function-
aries are responsible to the people in larger masses
and for longer terms?
Regarding only objects of improvement of the
nature of those embraced in this bill, how inex-
haustible we shall find them. Let the imagination
run along our coast, from the river St. Croix to
the Rio Grande, and trace every river emptying
into the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico to its source;
let it coast along our lakes, and ascend all their
tributaries; let it pass to Oregon, and explore all
its bays, inlets, and streams; and then let it raise
the curtain of the future, and contemplate the ex-
tent of this Republic, and the objects of improve-
ment it will embrace, as, it advances to its high
destiny, and the mind will be startled at the im-
mensity and danger of the power which the prin-
ciple of this bill involves.
Already our Confederacy consists of twenty-
nine States, Other Slates may at no distant period
be expected to be formed on the west of our pres-
ent settlements. We own an extensive country
in Oregon, stretching many hundreds of mile's
from east to west, and seven degrees of latitude
from south to north. By the admission of Texas
into the Union, we have recently added many hun-
dreds of miles to our seacoast. In all this vast
country, bordering on the Atlantic and Pacific,
there are many thousands of bays, inlets, and
rivers, equafiy entitled to appropriations for their
improvement with the objccts embraced in this
bill.
We have seen in our States that the interests of
individuals or neighborhoods, combining against
the general interest, have involved their govern-
ments in debts and bankruptcy; and when the
system prevailed m the General Government, and
was checked by President Jackson, it had begun
to be considered the highest merit m a member of
Congress to be able to procure appropriations of
public money to be expended within his dis-
trict or State, whatever might be the object. We
should be blind to the experience of the past if we
did not see abundant evidences that, if this system
of expenditure is to be indulged in, combinations
of individual and local interests will be found strong
enough to control legislation, absorb the revenues
of the country, and plunge the Government into a
hopeless indebtedness.
What is denominated a harbor by this system
does not necessarily mean a bay, inlet, or arm of
the sea on the ocean or on our lake shores, on the
margin of which may exist a commercial city or
town engaged in foreign or domestic trade; but i3
I made to embrace waters wheie theie is not only
| no such city or town, but no commerce of any
j kind. By it a bay or sheet of shoaL water is-called
a harbor, and appropriations demanded from Con-*
gress to deepen it, with a view to draw commerce
to it. or to enable individuals to build up a town
or city on its margin, upon speculation, and for
their own private advantage.
What is denominated a river, which may be im-
proved, in the system, is equally undefined in its
meaning. It may be the Mississippi, or it may
be the smallest and most obscure and unimportant
stream beanng the name of river which is to be
found in any State in the Union.
Such a system is subject, moreover, to be per-
verted to the accomplishment of the worst of poli-
tical purposes. During the few years it was in
full operation, and which immediately preceded
the veto of President Jackson of the Maysvillp
road bill, instances were numerous of public men
seeking to gam popular favor by holding out to
the people interested in particular localities the
promise of large disbursements of public money.
'Numerous reconnoissancewand surveys were made
during that period for roads and canals through
many parts of the Union, and the people m the
vicinity of each were led to believe that their prop
erty would be enhanced in value, and they them-
