B2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15.
and unjust. The money in the Federal treasury
is paid by a tax on the whole people of the United
States, and if applied to the purposes of improving
harbors and rivers, it will be partially distributed,
and be expended for the advantage of particular
States, sections, or localities,' at the expense of
others.
By returning to the early and approved con-
struction of the Constitution, and to the practice
under it, this inequality and injustice will be
avoided, and, at the same time, all the really im-
portant improvements be made, and, as our expe-
rience has proved, be better made, and at less cost,
than they would be by the agency of officers of
the United States. The interests benefited by
these improvements, too, would bear the cost of
making them, upon the same principle that the
expenses of the Post Office establishment have
always been defrayed by those who derive benefits
from it. The power of appropriating money from
the treasury for such improvements was not claimed
or exercised for more than thirty years after the
organization of the Government in 1789, when a
more latitudmous const)uction was indicated,
though it was not broadly asserted and exercised
until 1825. Small appropriations were first made
m 1820 and 1821 for surveys. An act was made
on the 3d of March, 1823, authorizing the Presi-
dent to cause an " examination and survey to be
4 made of the obstructions between the harbor of
' Gloucester and the harbor of Squam, in the State
' of Massachusetts,and of " the entrance of the
. * harbor of the port of Presque Isle, in Pennsyl-
4 vania," with a view to their removal, and a small
appropriation was made to pay the necessary ex-
penses. This appears to have been the commence-
ment of harbor improvements by Congress, thirty-
four years after the Government went into opera-
tion muter the present Constitution. On the 30th
of April, 1824, an act was passed making an ap-
propriation of thirty thousand dollars, and direct-
ing "surveys and estimates to be made of the
routes of such roads and canals'' as the President
" may deem of national importance, in a commer-
cial or military point of view, or nccessary for the
transportation of the mails." This act evidently
looked to the adoption of a general system of
internal improvements, to embrace roads and ca-
nals us well as harbors and livers. On the 26th
May, 1824, an act was passed making appropria-
tions for ''deepening the channel leading into the
' harbor of Piet>que isle, in the State of Pennsyl-
* vania, "and to •• repair Plymouth Beach, in the
'State of Massachusetts, and thereby prevent the
* harbor at that place from being destrpyed."
President Monroe yielded his approval to these
measures, though he entertained, and had, in a
message to the House of Representatives on the
4th of May, 1822, expressed, the opinion that the
Constitution had not conferred upon Congress the
powei to " adopt and execute a system of internal
improvements." He placed his approval upon
the giound, not that Congress possessed the power
to "adopt and execute'' such a system by virtue
of any or all of the enumerated grants of power
in the Constitution, but upon the assumption that
the power to make appropriations of the public
money was limited and restrained only by the dis-
cretion of Congress. In coming to this conclusion,
he avowed that, u m the more early stage of the
Government," he had entertained a different opin-
ion. He avowed that his first opinion had been,
that, "as the National Government is a Govern-
4 ment of limited powers, it has no right to expend
4 money except m the performance of acts autho-
4 rized by the other specific grants, according to a
4 strict construction of their poweis;" and that the
power to make appropriations gave to Congress no
discretionary authority to apply the public money to
any other purposes or objects except to " carry '
into effect the powers contained in the othergrants.*' j
These sound views, which Mr. Monroe entertain- .
ed 44 in the early stage of the Government," he
gave up in 1822, and declared that—
"The right of appropriation is nothing more than a right
to apply the public money to tins or that pm pose. It ha* no
incidental pow er, nor does it thaw alter it any cortsefjujmccs
ol tn,it kind. Ail that Confess couid do under it, iri the
ca e of internal lmpiovemente, would be to appropriate the
money iieee?>ar}- to make thein. For any act requiring !
ieguiativu sanction or i-uppoit, the State authonty must be :
relied on. The condemnation of the land, if the propri- :
etors should refu^s- to sell it, the establishment of turnpikes
and tolls,and the protection of the work when finished, mu-^t
be done by the State. To these purposes the powers of the ,
G«neral Government are believed to be utterly incompetent." 1
I But it is impossible to conceive on what prin-
• ciple the power of appropriating public money
1 when in the treasury can be construed to extend
to objects for which the Constitution does not au-
thorize Congress to levy taxes or imposts to raise
money. The power of appropriation is but the
consequence of the power to raise money; and the
true inquiry is, whether Congress has the right to
levy taxes for the object over which power is
claimed.
During the four succeeding years embraced by
the administration of President Adams, the power
not only to appropriate money, but to apply it,
under the direction and authority of the General
Government, as well to the construction of roads
as to the improvement of harbors and rivers, was
! fully asserted and exercised.
I Among qther acts assuming the power, was one
j passed on the twentieth of May, 1826, entitled
i 44 An act for improving certain harbors and the
j ' navigation of certain rivers and creeks, and for
4 authorizing surveys to be made of certain bays,
' sounds, and rivers therein mentioned." By that
act, large appropnations were made, which were
to be 41 applied, under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States," to numerous improve-
ments in ten of the States. This act, passed
| thirty-seven years after the oiganization of the
| present Government, contained the first appropri-
| ation ever made for the improvement of a navi-
i gable river, unless it be small appropriations for
\ examinations and surveys in 1820. During the
1 residue of that administration, many other ap-
| propriations of a similar character were made,
| embracing roads, rivers, harbors, and canals, and
objects claiming the aid of Congress multiplied
without number.
This was the first breach effected in the barrier
which the univeral opinion of the framers of the
Constitution had for more than thirty years thrown
in the way of the assumption of this power by
| Congress. The general mind of Congress and the
j country did not appreciate the distinction taken by
j President Monroe between the right to appropriate
| money for ail object and the right to apply and ex-
| pend it without the embarrassment and delay of
j applications to the State governments. Probably no
j instance occuned in which such an application was
| made, and the flood-gates being thus hoisted, the
i principle laid down by him was disregarded, and
; applications for aid from the treasury, virtually
| to nuke harbois as well as improve them, clear out
j rivers, cut canals, and construct roads, poured into
Congress in toirents, until arrested by the veto of
President Jackson. His veto of the Maysville
road bill was followed up by his refusal to sign
the 4<Act making appropriations for building light-
houses, hghtboats, beacons, and monuments, pla-
! cmg buoys, improving harbors, arid directing
I surveys;" 44 An act authorizing subscription for
,j .stock in the Louisville and Portland Canal Com-
pany;" "An act for the improvement of certain
; haroors and the navigation ot ceitain rivers;" and
I fiitially, "An act to impose the navigation of the
j Wabash river." In his objections to the act last
! named he says:
; " The desire to embark the Federal Government m works
! of internal impiovement prevailed, in tin; Ineh^pt degree,
j during the fiist session of the first Congress that I had the
i honor to meet m my pterin situation. When the bill au-
; thouzing a sub enption on the pai t ot the United States for
i stock in the Maj&viUe and Lexington Turnpike Company
passed the two Ilou^<, there had been reported by the Com-
i mittees on Internal improvements bills containing appio-
1 priations lor s-ueh ohjecis, exclusive of" those jor the Cum-
I beiland road, and for harbors and light-houses, to the
I amount ot about one bundled and six millions of dollar*.
| In this amount was included authority to the ^ccrctarj of
! the Tieasury to subscribe for the stock of different compa-
nies to a great extent, and the re-idue vvac pnncipally for
; the direct construction of roads bv this Government. In
addition to the*e projects, which have been presented to
i the two Houses under the sanction and recommendation of
j their respective Committees on Internal Impiovements,
I there were then still pending before the committees, and in
: memorials to (7ongrfe.«i, presented but not referred, different
j projects for woiks or* a similar character, the expense of
; v, Inch cannot be estimated with ceitamty, but must have
, exceeded one hundred millions of doUais.'1
| Thus, within the brief period of less than ten
, years after the commencement of internal improve-
i ments by the General Government, the sum asked
for from the treasury for various projects amount-
ed to more than two hundied millions of dollars.
President Jackson's powerful and disinterested ap-
peals to his country appear to have put down for- '
ever the assumption of power to make roads and cut
canals, and to have checked the prevalent dispo-
sition to bring all rivers in any degree navigable
within the control of the General" Government.
But an immense field for expending the public
money and increasing the power and patronage of
this Government was left open in the concession of
even a limited power of Congress to impiove har-
bors and rivers—a field which millions will not
fertilize to the satisfaction of those local and specu-
lating interests by which these projects are m gen-
eraJ,gotten up. There cannot be a just and equal
distribution of public burdens and benefits under
such a system, nor can the States be relieved from
the danger of fatal encroachment, nor the United
States from the equal danger of consolidation,
otherwise than by an arrest of the.system, and a
return to the doctrines and practices which pre-
vailed during the first thirty years of the Govern-
ment.
How forcibly does the history of this subject
illustrate the tendency of power to concentration
in the hands of the General Government. The
power to improve their own harbors and rivers
was clearly reserved to the States, who were to be
aided by tonnage duties levied and collected by
themselves, with the consent of Congress. For
thirty-four years improvements were carried on
under that system, and so careful was Congress
not to interfere, under any implied power, with
the soil or jurisdiction of the State?, that they did
not even assume the power to erect light-houses or
build piers without fhst purchasing the ground, with
the consent of the States, and obtaining jurisdiction
over it. At length, after the lapse of thirty-three
years, an act is passed providing for the examina-
tion of certain obstructions at the mouth of one or
two harbors almost unknown. Xt is followed by
acts making small appropriations for the removal
of those obstructions. The obstacles interposed
by President Monroe, after conceding the power
to appropriate, were soon swept away. Congress
virtually assumed jurisdiction of the soil and
waters of th% States, without then* consent, for the
purposes of internal improvement; and the eyes of
eager millions were turned from the State Govern-
ments to Congress as the fountain whose golden
streams were to deepen their harbors and rivers,
level their mountains, and fill their valleys with
j canals. To what consequences this assumption
| of power was rapidly leading, is shown by the veto
!| messages of President Jackson; and to what end
|i it is agam tending, is witnessed by the provisions
[ of this bill, and bills of similar character,
j, In the proceedings and debates of the General
; Convention which formed the Constitution, and of
| tlm State Conventions which adopted it, nothing
1 is found to countenance the idea that the one w-
, tended to propose, or the others to concede, such
{; a grant of power to the General Government as the
building up and maintaining of a system of inter-
, nal improvements within the States necessarily
. implies. Whatever the Geneial Government may
i, constitutionally create, it may lawfully protect.
'I If it may make a load upon the soil of the States,
,! it may protect it from destruction or injury by
penal laws. So of canals, rivers, and harbors. If
; it may put a dam in a river, it may protect thatdam
i trom removal or injury, m direct opposition to the
I laws, authorities, and people of the State in which
,i it is situated. If it may deepen a harbor, it may,
1 by its own laws, protect its agents and contractors
:i from being driven from their work, eVen by the
! laws and authorities of the State. The power to
| make a road orcanaf", or to dig up the bottom of a
: harbor or river, implies a right m the soil of the
I! State, and a jurisdiction over it, for which it would
1 be impossible to find any warrant.
j The States were particularly jealousofconceding
, to tile General Government any right of jurisdic-
tion over their soil, and in the Constitution restnet-
j, ed the exclusive legislation of Congress to such
I places as might be " purchased with tin5 consent of
; ' the States in which the same shall be, for the erec-
' tion of forts, magazines, dock-yards, and other
i ' needful buildings." That the United States should
■ be prohibited from purchasing lands within the
States, without their consent, even for the most
■; essential purposes ox national defence, while left at
liberty to purchase or seize them for roads, canals,
and other improvements of immeasurably less im-
portance, is not to b« conceived. ^
A proposition was made in the Convention to
provide for the appointment of a " Secretary of
1 Domestic Affairs," and make it his duty, among
  other things, " to attend to the opening of roada
