1847.
Tim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
coming from authority so high and respectable as
that of the President of the United States is calcu-
lated, among the honest people of this country, to
create a prejudice not merely against the system
of internal improvements, but against those who
then contemplated the appropriation of a portion
of the revenues of this country for that purpose.
Mainly for this reason, (said Mr. V.,) before that
false impression shall go out to the country, do I
desire to take notice of it, and to say there is not,
there never was a. party in this House^who con-
templated to carry out the system of internal im-
provements by borrowing money and plunging the
country into debt. I know of no gentleman on this
Boor who has been a more uniform friend of inter-
nal improvements than myself, and yet I never
have seen the day w,hen I would have voted appro-
priations for this system that would have added
to-the debt of the United States-, or rather, f have
never seen the day when I would' have raised a
loan for the purpose of carrying on internal im-
provements. Nor do I believe there is any such
party. My view of tjie system of internal im-
provements is this: I would keep up the military,
jpaval, and civil establishments of the country; if
there was any surplus remaining, I would devote
it to internal improvements. And I mean harbors
on the seaboard as well as on the lakes, improve-
ments on the exterior as well as the interior. I
would devote it to those purposes that would facil-
itate intercommunication; that would build up the
trade of the country not merely among ourselves
but with foreign nations. And, sir, all the argu-
ment which is so elaborated by the President of
the United States, who congratulates, or seems to
congratulate, the countVy on having escaped from
being involved in a debt that would not have been
discharged—it is all an error, ail a delusion; and
it arose from the fact that the President of the
United States cannot have given to the history of
this subject that investigation which it requires.
Mr, V* repeated the wish, m concluding, that
this message should go to the Committee on Com-
merce before it was printed, and when it was print-
ed that the message itself end the reply to it should
go out together to the people of this country, so
that there might be fair play, and that all who
read may have an opportunity to see both sides of
this question before they formed their opinion upon
its.
Mr. HARALSON did pot rise to reply to -the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio; for, if he un-
derstood that gentleman correctly, any .discussion
of this subject at this hour would be out of place.
They were necessarily very much in the dark, for
no gentleman could fully understand the positions
taken in the message, and consequently could not
properly make them the subject of discussionjn
this House. But the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio was, after he had replied at length to
some portions of that message, that they should
patiently wait and permit the reply to go forth be-
fore they sent the message itself. He was not ap-
prized of the course of legislation it was usual to
t^ke with messages of this description, but it would
seem to him that another motion other than that
which had been made would be the proper one
under the ciroumstances in which they are placed.
If he understood this aright, it was a message from
the President of'the United States, giving his
reasons why he had refused hie assent to a bill of
the last session of Congress; and, in the first place,
any discussion of it before they had had an oppoi-
tunity to read and understand it would be out of
place. It seemed to him, therefore, that the mo-
tion should be to lay it upon the table and print it.
That would be the proper motion to make cm this
occasion, and not to allow a reply to go forth before
the message itself had been published to the coun-
try and understood by the House. It could not
be concealed that its contents would be examined
from day to day, and that replies would be made
to it by the advocates of internal improvements on
this floor. Already evidence had been furnished
of the readiness of gentlemen to place themselves
in opposition to the positions assumed in the mes-
sage, and perhaps he should not be wrong in say-
ing that there would be fifty replies to ft.on this
floor, whence they would soon be sent to every
corner of the land. Why, then, need they with-
held the message until an argument in opposition
to it should be sent to the country from a commit-
tee? The remarks of the gentleman from O^i©
would no,t be withheld from the country, for they
were already on the reporters' tables. Let, then,
the message be printed. Let the whole go forth
to the country with all the replies which gentlemen
may think proper to make. With these views he
moved to lay the message on the table, and that it
be printed, * *
The SPEAKER intimated to the gentleman
from Georgia, that he had coupled two motions
together, one of which was, and the other was not
debatable.
-Mr. HARALSON presumed they could be di-
vided, and the question taken first on one, and af-
terwards on the other.
The SPEAKER replied, that unless the motions
were separated, one being debatable, the debate
would be continued.
Mr, HARALSON then would modify his mo-
tion by moving, first, that the message be printed;
giving notice that he should move to lay it on the
table if this motion were agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY did not rise to enter into a general
discussion of the questions which hud been debated
there this day, namely, the power of Congress
over the subject of internal improvements.. He
should reserve himself for a more appropriate oc-
casion to express his views on that question. But
he rose to reply to the only position which he un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to
assume. The gentleman from Ohio had informed
them that the President of the United States, m
his message, had sfated, that but for the interposi-
tion of the veto of General Jackson, arresting the j
system of internal improvements by this Govern? j
ment, the country would have been involved in j
debt to the amount of $200,000,000 for improve- ;
ments which were then contemplated. That he j
understood to be the point to which the gentleman
from Ohio objected. The gentleman from Ohio
says that he was here at that time, and that there
was no party here that was in favor of involving
this Government in debt for the purpose of carry-
ing on internal improvements. He said, all that
was then contemplated was-the expenditure of the
unappropriated balance in the treasury. Now, did
not the gentleman from Ohio, in the fullness of his
information, kngw, that at that time the debt.of the
United States had not been paid ?and that, in addi-
tion to §10,000,000 that was set apart as a sinking
fund, the law providing for the payment of the
public debt also provided that all balances remain-
ing in the treasury, after reserving a fund to meet
contingencies, .should go towards extinguishing
the public- debt? If, thfen, the money was taken
from the treasury, which by law was set apart for
the extinction of the public debt, was it not the
same as if they had passed a loan bill to have met
those appropriations ? To contract a debt for a
given object, or to obstruct the payment of one
already in existence, by applying the funds appro-
priated for its extinction to that object, seemed to
him to be the same thing in effect.
So far from the statement of the President of
the United States being over the mark in this par- :
ticular, if, as the gentleman said, the President had !
set down the amount of the debt that would have ]
been 'contracted by this time to $200,000,000, in j
his (Mr. B.'s) opinion the" President -had greatly |
!■ underrated it. What had been the experience o{ j
|; the country? Look at the condition of the States. |
11 Many of them were, involved in bankruptcy, and
;j were driven almost to«the alternative of repudi'a-
j) tion. The aggregate of these debts at this time
j| exceed §200,000,000, and there were restraints
j! against extravagance in the States which do not
;j exist here. In the first place, there is the greater
!; responsibility of the representatives, growing out
;l of the sntallness of their constituencies, and the
ii short periods at which they retur.n to them. In :
!| the second, there is the better local information, j
A member of a State Legislature, with very little !
!; geographical information, can judge pretty well of |
■ \ the importance of any projected improvement I
!' within his own State. But how is it here? Sup- j
|| pose an appropriation is asked for an improvement j
m Maine or Wisconsin., how am I to judge of its j
i necessity? I have not the local information. How t
am I to obtain it? Rely upon its Representative? ;
He will be interested in deceiving me. Rely upon j
the reports of engineers? They are proverbially j
deceptive. - j
But, more than all, there was a restraint upon j
the State Legislatures, which did not exist in the s
i General Government—direct taxation. Jn the
5 State® tke <r^pve®ent$fcive who voted for expendi- I
lures had to vote to raise the money—bydirect
taxation. And they all knew with what terror a
representative in any of the States would return to
a constituency on whom he had voted to lay taxa-
tion in that form. However they might be delu-
ded by arguments to believe that taxation js a
blessing when levied in the form of a tariff, yet
when raised in the shape of direct taxation, the
argument would fail to carry conviction home, for
then the appeal was made directly to the purse.
This was a powerful restraint in the States.
There no one was the friend of increased taxation.
But here the reverse is the case. Here was the
great tariff interest, which was to be benefited by
the indirect form of taxation, and which would
vote expenditures without rcspect to the applica-
tion of the money. There were also local interests
combined with the tariff interest, and all represent-
atives fiom the portions of the country that were
to be benefited by the application of the money
would vote for appropriations without those pow-
erful restraints existing in the States.
Yet with all the restraints which existed in the
States, we know what has been the result. But if
the system had not been arrested here, where there
are no such restraints, who can con jecture what the
result would have been ? Sir, there would have been
but one limit to the appropriations, and that would
have been the ability of the Government to raise
money, by loans or otherwise. This system, when
undertaken by this Government, will become, as it
has been heretofore, one of plunder, the only limit
to which is the power of the strong to take, and
the ability of the weak to contribute. Impartiality
in the appropriations is impossible. Inequality is
inherent in the whole system. If no State receives
more under it than its share—if no State receives
more than she contributes—none would care any-
thing about it; for they would only get back their
own, diminished by the cost of collection4and dis-
bursement. If no State gets back more than it
contributes, it had better collect and disburse for
itself. If it does receive more than its just pro-
portion, then other States must receive less, which
would be unjust. So this is a system which, to
make it desirable to any, you must make it unjust
to some. Under this system the strong will always
get all, and the weak none. It has always been
so, and always will be so as long as human nature
remains what it is. As long as such is the case, the
only restraints upon- extravagance will be those I
have mentioned.
He said when he rose that he did not intend to
go into an elaborate discussion, but simply to re-
ply to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vjn'ton] on one point; and he flattered him-
self that he had shown that the gentleman was in
error. But suppose there was no disposition at the
time referred to, to expend more money than the
available balance in the treasury, did the gentle-
man believe that after they had once commenced
the system, there would have been power to re-
strain It? No: they would have contracted a debt,
bpundless almost. What had been the experience
of the country since*? During the last session of
Congress, in a time of war, when the Government
was compelled to resort to heavy loans to sustain
the war—at a time at which it was predicted in all
quarters that we could not raise the money except
at a great sacrifice, with the tariff of 3846 in ex-
istence-—under such circumstances, by a large
majority, appropriations were made for internal
improvements to the amount of a million and a
. half of dollais. He repeated, this was during a
time of war, when, tosustain the national honor,
all its resources were necessary; and if at such a
time bills of this sort could be passed, he would
ask what, when the pressure of war was over,
would be the end of the extravagance that would
follow? Figures would scarcely tell the amount.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, said it was
not likely that the House would dispose of this
subject to-day. He therefore moved that the
I House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART suggested to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his proposition to refer
to the Committee on Commerce, and substitute a
motion for a special committee. He thought the
subject was of sufficient importance to*justity the
creation of a special eommitteo, and to entitle it to
such a reference. Hg-should even like to see it
referred to a committed of one from each otate of
this Union.- He had listened with attention to
