1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
Jittle doubt and discussion as to the most appro-
priate disposition to be made of it. It is no veto
message. It is not a communication contemplated
to be made by the Executive to Congress under
any provision or clause in the Constitution. His
.objections-to a river and harbor bill passed by the
last Congress are made the pretext For sending his
.views here now to us in this shape—to us, a dif-
ferent Congress, who can engage in no legislation
having reference to thet* bill. And yet it is not
hard to understand the intention and* object of the
President, nor why such a message is sent here,
and at this particular time. It is " a speech from^
the throne;" very literally, a speech from the
throne, and nothing more nor less. It is the Ex-
ecutive argument against internal improvements,
elaborately prepared, and then conveniently re-
served until some "filling occasion should present
• itself when that subject was before the House
for debate. If there'had been,any doubt about
\thts cunning purpose of the President, it was
made apparent by what transpired when the mes-
sage was brought in. One gentleman, antbng the
friends of the Executive, [Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi,] understood at once that the Private ]
Secretary was charged with the delivery of some-
thing which " related to the subject-matter now
under consideration," and so appealed t) the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] to
yield the floor to Mr. President. And when some
gentleman from this side of the House-—my neigh-
bor from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] I be-
lieve—remarked that the communication " was
nothing upon which the House could act," it was
very significantly replied, and so loud that we
could none of us avoid hearing, by another gen-
UMnan over the way, that it " was something
Mich would act on the House, though !" I have I
no doubt>, Mr. Speaker, but that gentleman has
construed the object of the message with admirable
accuracy. Why., sir, in the Annual Message of
the President, sent to us last week, there was not^j
<\ne word to be found in its whole protracted I
length—not an allusion, 1 think—to the subject of
rivers and harbors, or any improvements of the
country. My constituents, and all the people in
the great interior of the country, will be dissatis-
fied, if not astonished, by such fission of atten-
tion to these important interests. But here we
have the explanation: the President was holding
back to throw in his argument against these great
interests^ when it might be supposed to have the
most effect, and he makes df the bill of last ses-
sion, which he refused -to approve, the hook to
hang that argument on. His friends have their
cue now. These are the orders from the palace.
But will the independent Democrats of the North '
and West be obedient to the royal behest? Will ']
it "act" upon them? We shall see. I think ]j
not. J*
Considering this, then, as no more than the Ex- jj
•ecutive speech, volunteered in the course of this
debate, I am not entirely prepared to say that we !;
should raise a select committee to consider and jj
report upon it. My colleague [Mr. Vinton] makes j!
that proposition; a«d the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stewart] suggests that such a commit- 1'
tee should consist of one member from each State
of the Union. 1 regret to feel obliged to differ from
both these gentlemen. I doubt if such considera-
tion should be given to this paper, any more than
. we would dignify in that way any other argument
made in the progress of the debate. It seems to ii
me that the message should^take the ordinary I:
t course, and lie upon the tabl^when there is no l!
action of the House to be required as consequent
upon it. I have no objection to its being printed, 'i
provided no extra copies are to be ordered. Indeed j;
1 wish to see and examine it further. Let us have jj
it-in the usual shape for the use of members. As i1
to sending out a reply with it in the shape of a !'
report, if that were even necessary, gentlemen may ;
be sure that it will at once be made public through ''
the newspapers, eitherjn its entire length, or in
the form of abstracts of its contents, in cases i
where editors or printers cannot accommodate the !
whole of it. For myself, I want it to go'abroad '
and be read by the people. I am not afraid of its i;
influence, not of the issues it makes against those s'
interests and claims of the country which it attacks -I
and denounces. 4
But there is an additional reason against a refer-
ence to a select committee, in the pendency of the
resolution of my colleague [Mr. VxhtonJ to sub- "
stitute for the Committee on Commerce two com-
mittees, one to have charge of foreign commerce
and the other of commerce among the States. In
case of such separate committees being formed, the
committee on commerce among the States would
certainly be the proper and appropriate one for this
reference.
Let me say a word here, Mr. Speaker,.as to
that proposition of my colleague. He moves that
the present.Committee on Commerce be made the
committee .on commerce among the States,-and
would create an entirely new committee for foreign
commerce. At a  proper time, I shall move an
amendment, providing that directly the revetse be
the* organization and arrangement of those two
committees; that the committee as it now exists
shall be the committee on foreign commerce, and
the new one to be raised the committee on com-
merce among the States. I find cause for this in
tfre constitution of the present committee, without
disparagement of the ability of any, of the worthy
and honorable gentlemen who compose it. Look-
ing at its composition, it will be seen that it is
made up of six members from the Atlantic States,
(some of them, it is true, not immediately on the
seaboard,) one from the'extreme Southwest, and
two only out of.the nine from the West proper.
There is, in fact, found upon it but one single mem-
ber repiesenting country on the Mississippi, the
Missouri, the Ohio, or^any of their tributaries, un-
less, indeed, in that, category we place the honor-
able gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Thibo-
deaux,] who has heretofore so worthily occupied
a place on the Committee on Commerce, and
whom I have before mentioned as coming from
the extreme Southwest.
But to the message. I regret that I did not hear
it more distinctly as it has been read from the
Clerk's desk. It struck me, as far as I was able
to gather anything of its contents, as being for the
most part a serving up and elaborate presentation
of the old arguments against the existence of any
power of Congress to take care of the great com-
mercial and interior interests of the.country. But
it certainly contains one thing that I heard, which,
as far as I know, is entirely new. We have had
various tests proposed, from time to time, on the
part of those opposed to internal improvements,
for determining whether appropriations from the
national treasury and their application to such
objects were constitutional or not. There is the
chemical test referred to to-day, making all to depend
upon the fact whfether the waters to be improved
ace salt or fresh. Then, connected with that, is what
I would call the ichthyological test, whether the fish
which frequent the harbors or rivers, where you
would expend your money, are from the sea or
found only in fresh water. There is a meteorolo-
gical test sometimes proposed, to be found by
wa'tching the course of the tides and the distance
to which they ascend; and General Jackson, less
contracted in his views of the Constitution than
" Young Hickory,5' was willing to expend money
freely for these purposes, so only that it should all'
be below a port of dntry. That was a legislative
test, ffnd a very convenient one too, inasmuch as
Congress has power by law to establish a port of
entry where it will, even though it should be at
the source of the smallest creek, or on the top ridge
of the Alleghany mountains! We have also the'
geographical test, which determines the constitution-
ality of a work upon the question whether it lies
within a State, or is cut by the dividing line of two
or more. And I know not hgw many more of
these solvents of constitutional doubts and difficul-
ties there maybe; but the President has nowhiton
one that is surely a novelty. If a patent is to be
taken out for the discovery, I trust that no one will
interfere with his claim. In that part of his message
which seems to treat of the definition of the terms
" river" and " harbor," and to be, as far as I could
hear and understand, a sort ofJecLure therefore on
the elements of geography, and after he has taken
the bold ground that you cannot help nature at all,
can make no improvements in aid of navigation,
he comes to the conclusion that the constitutional
difficulty "is here: a harbor or inlet may by nature
be deep enough to admit a schooner, but then you
have no right to deepen it so as to admit ships of
heavier burden; and there is no power, where a
boat can go in, to do anything which might let in
a schooner! „
Hereafter, then, the Constitution is to be meas-
ured" only by line and lead, {A laugh.] A ves-
sel with a deep keel must take care lest it run
against one of these constitutional shoals; but one
of your flat-bottomed coasters might get into the
same harbor and ride securely under the protec-
tion of the supreme law,-the great*organic law of
the United States. It would bother gentlemen
exceedingly, I think, to decide the character and
constitutional privileges of one of those centre-
board vessels to be found on the lakes and in the
bays on the Atlantic coast, in which the Constitu-
tion could be let up or down [laughter] at the
pleasure of the navigator. Hereafter all vessels
that, navigate along the shores of the United £>tates,
whether of the lakes or the ocean, instead of a
chart, should be provided with a copy of this mes-
sage, and your man in the bows, as in the approach
to land he comes to soundings, must heave the
lead as before; but instead of the usual sailor cries,
" By the deep six"—" by the mark five"—"quar-
ter less four,'5 must cry," " Consti-tu-tion-at5'—
" un-con-sti-tu-tion-al^ as he measures the depth
of water over which he is sailing info port. [Gen-
eral m^rtment.] Then, at that last fearful cry of
warning, *• Put your hehn down hard," will shout
Skipper Polk. And so will not only your little
• venturous coaster, btht the ship of state itself, be
saved from wreck upon the shoals of the Constitu-
tion! It will be no objection, I suppose, that your
constitutional powers, under this rule of naviga-
tion, will have to rise and fall with the tide.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat this is a rare and new test
or discovery as to constitutional appropriations;
and perhaps there may be in this, if in nothing
else, an argument for sending the message to a
select committee. Perhaps ^further examination
will lead to other discoveries of views equally
novel and important.
In truth, wc have now at la&t ascertained what
system of protection" our President, and those
of his party who think with him, are willing to
favor. Not protection by providing for thesatety
of the lives and the property of the people; exposed
to the perils of inland or seaboard' navigation, any
more than protection of their labor by discrimina-
ting .legislation on another subject; but^he snags,
and rocks, and sandbars in your rivers, the bars
which obstruct the entrance to your harbors*—all
these are to have extended over them, according to
this modern creed of Democratic construction, the
protecting eegis of the Constitution !
' I migHt say something here5,'Mr. Speaker, on
what some may consider a slight inconsistency in
the views of the Executive, who finds such formid-
able, such insuperable objections to expending a
single dollar for works of improvement at home,
and for the development of the great resources of
our country, and nevertheless instructs his com-
missioner in Mexico to negotiate with the Govern-
ment of that Republic (if he can find any there)
to secure the right of way across the isthmus of
Tehuantepec. (Mr. S. said he hoped he pro-
nounced the name of the place correctly.) We
should all learn better," he supposed, when we get
some Mexican representatives here—not such
"Mexicans" as gentlemen over the way have
sometimes been pleased to hint at—but real Mex-
icans, direct from the " Halls of the Montezumas,"
coming here to take their seats in a Congress of
the United States. They would perhap? teach us
thick-tongued Anglo-Saxons to give due utterance
to what seem now, to some of us, very strange
arid hard words. And he was more particularly
anxious about it, as he enjoyed the distinguished
honor of being chairman of the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and, for aught he knew, that
part of the message might yet be referred to that
committee. From that other executive light, the
second officer in the Government, the public has
learned that this right of way over the isthmus is
wanted, for the purpose of digging a canal. And
now here is a President who'cannot let our littfe
coasting vessels go along the shores of our States
without a risk of their stranding on the Constitu-
tion, but who is able to overleap a quarter of the
continent and find authority to dig a^anal to con-
nect the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans !
And now a word about one of those other tests
of the constitutionality of works of internal im-
provement. Some decide that there can be no ap-
propriation which is to be expended on any work
lying entirely within the limits of a single State.
Such work, they say, is.,necessarily local. Let
me meet this common objection, and illustrate
what it,leads to by one or two plain instances.
