1847.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December I 6, 1847.
, Mr. MANGTJM presented the credentials of the
Hon! John McPherson Berrien, elected a Sen-
ator of the United States from the State of Georgia
for the term of six years from, and after the 4th
day of March, 1847; which were read.
Mr. BERRIEN, having taken the oath of office,
which was administered to him by the Vice
President, took his seat- in the Senate.
' The VICE PRESIDENT laid "before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 9th instant, a report from the
colonel of the Corps of Topographical Engineers,
with a copy of notes of the military reconnoissance
of the route from Port Leavenworth, in Missouri,
to San Diego, in California, by Lieutenant Wil-
liam H.Emory, of-the Topographical Engineers,
-with the map of the said route, and of the Arkan-
sas, Del Norte, and Gila rivers; as also the report
of Colonel Philip St. George Cook's route to Cal-
ifornia, after diverging from the track of General
Kearny.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That they be printed.
Mr. PEARCE then submitted the following:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the
notes of a mihtary'reconnoissan'ce froni Fort Leavenworth
to San Diego, by Lieutenant William H. Emory, and of
Colonel Cook's report, be printed for the use of the Senate;
and that the Secretary of the Senate be directed to cause to
be engraved or lithographed an equal nuhiber of the map
accompanying Lieutenant Emory's report, and such of the
botanical, geological, and other illustrations as the Com-
mittee on the Contingent Expenses of the Senate may ap-
prove and direct.
The resolution was laid over, under the rule, at '
the suggestion of the mover. i
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate |
a report of the Secretary of the Senate, made in
pursuance of the 20th section of the act of the 26th
of August, 1842, showing the disbursements from
the contingent fund of the Senate for the year end-
ing December 4, 1847; which was ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the proceedings of a town meet-
ing, held in the city of Philadelphia on the 11th of
t December, 1847, in reference to the existing war
with Mexico; which was laid upon the table.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
adjourn it be ta Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice that at an early day
he would ask leave of the Senate to introduce a
bill to authorize the payment of equitable commis-
sions to theagents or attorneys of persons in whose
favor awards have been made under three several
treaties between the United States and foreign
Powers; which awards have been retained in the
treasury in payment of debts due to the United
States.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
On motion by Mr. Atherton, it was
Ordered, That the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury-on the finances be referred to the Committee on
Finance, except so much thereof as relates to the reduction
find graduation in the pneeof the public lands and the exten-
eion of the preemption privilege, and to the mineral lands;
' which is herebyreferred to the Committee on Public Lands:
and except so much thereof as relates to military land war-
rants and certificates, which is hereby referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs : and except so much thereof as
relates to the donation of farms in Oregonj;o actual settlers
and emigrants!, and the grant of schooi sections; which is
hereby referred to the Committee on Territories : and ex-
cept so much thereof as relates to the light-house system,
and the warehousing system, and to the establishment of
ports of entry  n Oregon; wiueh is hereby referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE moved that the Senate do now
adjourn; but withdrew the motion at the request
of Mr. FOOTE.
THE LATE SENATOR SPEIGHT.
Mr. FOOTE rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President : A few days since, we were
called upon to assume the customary badges of
, mournful respect in honor of a deceased Senator
from Connecticut; and now, whilst the sentiment
of fraternal grief is yet warm in our bosoms, and
the tokens of sorrowing affection are still visible
upon our persons, it has become, necessary that I.
should give renewed pain to the sensibilities of
Senators by passing in review before them another
dispensation of Divine Providence, which, since
the last annual assemblage in this Hall, has de-
prived the National Legislature of an upright and
efficient member, the State of Mississippi of a
faithful and approved political agent, and myself
of a most-worthy and esteemed colleague. -The
Hon. Jesse SpfciGHTdied at his own residence, in
the State of Mississippi, on Saturday, the first day
of May last, after a long and p^infnl illness, which
came upon him here, whilst arduously engaged in
the extraordinary labors of the last Congress, and
which continued to oppress him sorely for several
months, until at last he sunk into that grave where
now quietly repose all that was mortal of the pa1
triot, the philanthropist, and the statesman. I
shall not attempt, on this occasion, to deliver a
formal and elaborate eulogy upon my lamented
friend, feeling that I shall best display the real
respect which t entertain for the well-known re-
publican simplicity of his own tastes by confining
myself to concise and unostentatious delineation of
his life and character.
Jesse Speight was born in thecounty of Greene,
and State of North Carolina, a few years anterior
to the close of the last century, where he continued
uninterruptedly to reside, until his removal to the
State of Mississippi, in the year 1837. "Prior to
his migration from the State of his nativity, he
had officiated as a member of her Legislature, and
had likewise supplied material aid in the reforma-
tion of her organic law, as a prominent member of
the convention ■Which assembled for that purpose
in the year 1837. Before leaving North Carolina,
he had represented onq, of the congressional dis-
tricts of that ancient Commonwealth in the other
wing of this Capitol for four consecutive terms,
closing on the 3d of March, 1837; and I am as-
sured that his whole political conduct at that criti-
cal period of our national history was eminently
creditable to himself and satisfactory to his con-
stituents. After his removal to the West, he
successively represented a most intelligent and
patriotic constituency, first in one branch of our
State Legislature, and then in the other, and pre-
siding over both, at different times, with such
distinguished success as greatly to elevate his
character as a public man, and multiply the num-
ber of his admirers. From the presidency of the
Mississippi Senate, he was elected to a seat upon
this floor, where he acted under the daily and
hourly inspection of those in whose presence I
now speak; and X trust that I shall not be deemed
by any Senator who hears me at all extravagant,
when "I assert, that my lamented colleague, whilst
connected with this body, gave constant evidence
<?f his possessing a sound, acute, and practical
intellect; habits of persevering industry seldom
surpassed; inflexible honesty of purpose; a mag-
nanimity of soul, which held him ever in readi-
ness for the performance of generous and noble
deeds, and which equally saved him, at all times,
from the least participancy in augiit that could be
recognized as little, or sordid, or illiberal. He
was blessed with unusual sweetness and uniformity
of temper; and the unceremonious cordiality of his
manners rendered his society particularly agreeable
and attractive. In domestic life, he was strikingly
amiable and exemplary; and his untimely decease
has brought sorrow and disappointment to kiryl
and innocent hearts, which his living presence
never failed to inspire with sentiments of buoyant
hope and elastic gladness of spirit.
Mr. F. concluded by offering the following reso-
lutions; which were unanimously adopted:
Resolved, unanimously, That the Senate, from a desire to
exhibit a profound respect for the' memory of the Ron.
Jesse Speight, late a member thereof, will go into mourn-
ing by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty flays.
Resolved, That, as an additional mark of respect for the
memory of the Hon. Jesse Speight, the Senate do now ad-'
journ.
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of Repre-
sentatives thereof.
Whereupon, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 16, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
RUIZES OP THE HOUSE.
The Speaker announced the special order of the
day, being the report heretofore made by Mr. C.
J. Ingersoll, from theSelect Committee on Rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL said, that upon consultation
t with members of the committee, it had been
that the special order should be postponed until to-
morrow. He therefore m&de motion. And
the question having been taken and decided in the
affirmative, the special onior was postponed ac-
cordingly. -
MAIL COiJTttACTS.
Mr. BOTTS asked the unanimous consent of the
Hoijse to introduce a joint resolution authorizing
and directing the Postmaster General* to renew the
contract with the Richmond, Fredericksburg, and
Potomac Railroad and Steamboat Company, for
the transportation of the great northern! and south-
ern mail between Washington and Richmond; and
was about to address the House on the subject,
when
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired if it was in or- .
der to do so ?
The SPEAKER replied, that at -the adjourn-
ment yesterday, a question was pending which
could only be set aside by general consent.
Mr. BOTTS was satisfied, if the House would
permit him to make a brief explanation, that no
objection would be made to the consideration of
his resolution, which was on a subject in which
they were"ail deeply interested.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON called for the 'orders of
the day.
Mr. BOTTS inquired if it was in order to move
a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER, replied that it was not, the
pending question being that which was before the
House at the adjournment yesterday.
VETO OP THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The House having resumed the consideration
of the said message-
Mr. PETTIT, who was entitled to the floor,
said that he wished to detain the House only for ■
a shoit time. To reason was the province of man.
! To reason rightly, indicates, in the first place, a
I well-formed intellect; and, in the second place, a
j highly-cultivated and improved one. But to ad-
i here pertinaciousjy to those opinions which were
, formed early in life, closing the mind to the light
i of experience, was characteristic of the dogmatist,
' and was" unworthy of an intelligent being. The
position which he occupied on the question involv-
ed in this message, was to him an unpleasant one;
for, of all things, it was most pleasant for him tg
agree with those with whom he desired to agree—
with those of -whose course he had an intense and
ardent desire to approve., Nothing but the stern-
est dictates of duty—settled, as he thought, on
well-founded considerations—had brought him to
differ from the conclusions and reasonings of the
message under consideration. If any one man
more than another had ardently wished and labo-
riously exerted himself to bring into power the
present incumbent of the Executive chair, he might
ciaim that for himself, though probably he had not
labored so effectually as some others. Nor was
there any member of this House that more cor-
dially agreed with the Administration in air its
prominent measures than he did. That distinc-
tion he might also claim for himself; and he cor-
dially concurred with the Administration in its
measures in regard to our commercial relations,
our impost duties, th.e tariff law of 1846, and the
annexation of Texas. There was no man there
that would give a heartier and more cordial sup-
port to the war which we are and have been wa-
ging, and which thus far had resulted to the glory
of our arms and the honor of our country. In
these things he was an ardent and consistent sup-
porter of the Administration. Others might claim
for themselves a devotion to some particular mea-
sure, or to some distinctive policy of the country;
but he claimed for himself to be a supporter of the
Administration in all its prominent measures. He
had laboriously defended them, and pertinaciously-
adhered to them from a consciousness of their
being right; and it was from these considerations,
and this course of reasoning, that he had come
to the conclusion to differ from the argument
contained in this message. Here wasa sub-
ject which, of all others, was deeply interest-
ing to his constituents; duty, therefore, imposed
on him the necessity frankly and boldly to
make known to the country what his views
were. But allegations and assertions did not
amount to arguments and reasons. Dogmas, how
often soever uttered, could never ha\;e the force of
truth. What, tV&n, were the conclusions of this
message? It had been said by some that they were
