184 7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
* all the duties of life, could not shield him from a
* submission ta that law which governs our race,
i the^t " it is appointed unto man once to die."
  General Speight, my late colleague and friend,
- was no ordinary man, passing over the stage of
; jife unnoticed, and leaving, when the curtain falls,
j no recollection behind him to distinguish him
f amongfthe millions who had gone before him. The
I features of#, his character were striking and pecu-
: liar. His superior stature singled him out among
  his fellow-men, and commanded universal respect.
This advantage of person, united with a strong
; natural miad, an unyielding integrity, and a benig-
' * nant heart, was the key to that unvaried success
which attended him in all his aspirations through-
out his whole career. And to the records of his
country we must turn to learn the history of his
hfe.
He was born in the^State of North Carolina.
Without the advantages of fortune, and with a de-
ficient early education he first appeared in public
life in the Legislature of the State; and in a short
time he obtained the highest legislative honors by
being elected Speaker of the State Senate. From
this position, in 1829, he came to the House of
Representatives of the United States, in which ca-
pacity he served his country with great zeal, indus-
try, and fidelity, for six years. In 1835 he was
elected a delegate to the Convention then called in
> the State of North Carolina for the revisal of her
constitution. There the extension of the right of
suffrage and religious toleration became the lead-
ing topics of discussion, in which he bore a con-
spicuous part as the advocate of the largest liberty
of the citizen, in the freedom of conscience, and in
the exercise of political power.
Thus having oeen honored by*the State of his
nativity, and having served her'people with fidel-
ity and efficiency, it was a difficult and severe trial
to^ver the ties which bound him to his constitu-
ent. But, prompted by a desire to provide for his
own household, and invited by the prolific soil, the
genial climate and rich productions of Mississippi,
he became a citizen of that State in 1837. But in
this land o& his adoption he soon found himself
surrounded by ardent friends, who were eager to do
him honor; and in 1839 he was elected to the Le-
5 gislature, and became the Speaker of the House of
Representatives. In 1841 he was returned to the
State Senate, and was elected the President of that
body. In this office he continued until, in 1844,
lie was elected to the Senate of the United States—
a position second in dignity and importance, and
in the public consideration, only to the Chief Ex-'
ecutive of this Government. He took his seat in
that body in March, 1845; and, that industry, zeal,
fidelity, talent, aird practical good judgment, which
, Irad ever marked his course as a public man,
were here exhibited. In the active discharge of
his duties in tills station the hand of disease was
laid "upon him. But his strong frame and robust
constitution apparently triumphed over the first
assaults of the enemy; and, after weeks of patient
sufferings he so far recovered as to return to his
residence in Mississippi, where, surrounded by an
affectionate family and sympathizing friends, he
obeyed his final summons on the 1st of May,
1847. , '
An "aching void" has been left in the large
circle which revolted around him as its centre, and
whi$h can be filled or satisfied by naught that I
cart say, or that this House may do.
As a friend, he was frank, sincere, and confi-
ding; as an enemy, ready to pardon and forget; as
a presiding officer in a deliberative body, he had
no superior; as a public servant, he was true, in-
dustvious, and untiring.
But he is gone to that undiscovered country to
which we are.all fast hastening. On our way
thither, while we cherish his virtues, we can but
honor his memory.
Mr. T. concluded by moving the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep sensibilitv
the announcement of tire death of the Hon. Jesse Speight,
a Senator in Congress from the State of Mississippi.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memorv
of the deceased, the members and officers of this House will
Wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the piocecdings of this House m relation
to the death of the Hon. Jbssr Speight, be communicated
to his family by the UJeik.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect^this House
do now adjourn.
The House accordingly adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c. !
The following petitions were presented and re- ;
ferred under the rule: j
By Mr. GOIT: The petition of 35 citizens of Lysander, I
county of Onondaga, New Vork, praying for an immediate
termination of the war with Mexico; and that proposals be
made as soon as practicable to all nations with whom tins
Government maintains mteicourse, foi tieaty stipulations
which shall bind ihe paiues to a settlement of ail lutuie in-
ternational d.fiicuitie.-- by peaceful aibitration.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of Stalker & Hill,
praying compensation lor a steamboat lost m the service of
the United States. Also, the petition of F. Sumter, admin-
istrator de bonis non ot the late General T. Sumter, prajmg
payment for money advanced to ti.e coloiiios bj the said T.
Sumter during the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. CRANSTON: That the petition ot Nancy Tomp-
kins, with the accoinpanytug doeumepfcs, be taken nom the
hies of the House and rcferied to the ConmnUte on Naval
Affair*. Also, the petition of haily C. Wentfood and Eliza
S. Wenwood. Als o, that the petition and accompany nig
papeis of Mayes be taken from the ftl<£of the House
and referred to the Committee on Naval Aftuirs.
By Mr. FARRiXLY: Tiie petition of Oathanne Henrietta
C. Johnson, widow of Captain Ilezekiah Johnson, late of the
United states army, for a pension.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON withdrew from the files of the
House, and presented, a memorial ol the hur  of Colonel
David Hopkius, deceased, with accompanying papers.
By ;\,r. TAYLOR: 'ilie petition ot Thomas Scott, late
register of the land office at ohihcothe, pra>mg compensa-
tion for extra services connected with the duties of his office;
hertofore piesented 1st April, 1644. £lso, the petition ol
Sampel Reed, ot Pike county, Ohio, praying pajment for
pkrt of a tract of land pui chased of the United States,athe
title to which has not been maintained; heretofoie present-
ed January 21,1846.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of James Morrow, ask-
ing payment of certain bills of pronn&e due to hint from the
Government; referred to the Committee of Clauds. AUo,
the memorial of James H. CouJey, praying for an amend-
ment of the act for bis relief, passed and approved on the 3d
of March, 1847; refeued to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Henry Rtcks/prajing thaj a special act
may be passed to authorize a warrant to be usued to hnn for
the bounty land of his brother, a deceased volunteer; reierred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims. Also, that the
petition and papers of Lieutenant James M. Gillis be with-
di awn from the liles ancfereferred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: 'J he memorial of Rutter &
Etting, by Reuben Etung, suiviving partner of the firm, ask-
ing for provision for the payment of claims to indemnity for
depredations committed by the public and private aimed
vessels of France, between and during the years 1*393 and
1800.
By Mr. ASHMUN: The petition of Hall J. Kelly, a pio-
neer In the exploration ot Oregon, asking for a gi ant of land
in that Territory. Also, the petition o! Jonathan Moore, of
Hadly, Massachusetts, a revolutionary soldier, asking for a
pension.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of the administrator
of George Brent, prayfng for commutation pay rfnd pension
due said estate. *
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of citizens of Barry, New-
ton, jwni Jasper counties, m the State of Missouri, lor a post
route from Cassville to Sarcoxie.
By Mr. ROBERT 8Mil H : The petition of the legal rep-
resentatives of Isaac D. Taulbee, praying remuneration lor
a horse lo=t in the Black Hawk war.
By Mr. BARKOW The petition of Mary Patton.
By Mi. WE.NTWORTH: The papers in the case of Dan-
iel Wilson, an invalid soldier of the last war. Also, the
papers, in the case of George B. HoUenback, William Hairis,
and others, applicants for damages for losses sustained in the
Black Hawk wai.
By Mr. CfHAPMAN. The petitions of Cornelius Manning
and Catharine Hodges, widow ot Benjamin Hodges, prayings
compensation for a slave taken by the British during the
late war. Aiso, three petitions ot citizens of Maryland,
asking that the bridges across the Eastern Branch of the
Potomac may be made free. Also, the memorial of Thomas
Crown, for remuneration for losses sustained by him in con-
sequence of a violation of a contract by the United States.
Also, the petition of Frances Swann, administratrix of Wil-
liam J. Swann, for losses sustained during the late war with
Great Britain. Also, the petition of Reynal Hilleary, for
remuneration in lieu of bounty land.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of William S. Dilly,
of Trumbull county, Ohio. Also, the petition of D. Ide and
others, of same county. Also, the petition of Nathan Kinne
and others, of same county.
By Mr. DUNCAN: The petitions of Hugh B. Branch, of
Andrew J. Kriel, and of Henson Stevens. Also, the memo-
rial of Harriet Burney.
By Mr. THURSTON: The petition and memorial of Ehas
Coon, of Connecticut, praung for fishing bounty on the
schooner Congress, which waVwrecked in 1844.
By ^r. PETT1T : The petition of Jacob dinger, praying
a pension fi>r services in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. HARALSON: Ihe memorial ofThomasL. Ross,
postmaster at Macon, Georgia, setting iorth certain inequal-
ities in the operation of the post office laws.
T thought, was carrying the liberty of the press somewhat
ftirther than has been contended for even in this newspaper
country. There was much noise and confus-ion at the mo-
ment, which was doubtless the cause of my being misun-
derstood. Very respectfully, _
JOHN GAYLE.
TO THE EDITORS.
House ok Representatives, December 15, 1847.
Will the editors please to correct their report of a remark
I made in the House yesterday, pending its proceedings in
relation to Mr. Giddings and the National Whig? From
this it would seem that the reading of so much of the article
in the Whig as called in question the conduct of other^nem-
bers was at my instance. This is a mistake. My purpose
in what I said vvas to object to thi . I had, and now have,
a decided conviction that the House had no right to cause
to be read a newspaper criticism on the conduct of any of
its members, unless at the request of such members. This,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 17, 1847.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked the unanimous
consent of the House to enable him to report a bill
from the Committee on the Judiciary. To justify
his call for- this indulgence, he would briefly state
the reason for making it. It has so happened that
cases are depending in the Supreme Court of the
United States—on its docket at least—which, in all
other respects, are entitled to a hearing, except
that the court has no jurisdiction over them. They
were cases which were adjudged in the proper
court of Iowa when Iowa was a Territory. Since
she has become a State—a sister, in all respects, of
the Confederacy—her Territorial re<;ords have be-
come inaccessible to the process of the Supreme
Court, and legislation is necessary to remedy the
evil. An act of Congress was passed during the
last session which was probably designed for the
purpose, but it provided for another and a no lesa
distinguished Commonwealth, which, although yet
young, had already become venerable enough not
to need, the provision. The name of Michigan
was inserted in the seventh section of the act of
Congress, instead of that of Iowa, and the Supreme
Court is still unable to act in the cases which are
actually before it. The Committee on the Judici-
ary have had the subject under consideration, and
have unanimously authorized the report of a bill
supplementary to the act of 23d February last.
To obviate the necessity of frequpnt legislation,
this supplement, while it meets the particular
emergency, and gives jurisdiction over the cases
that are before tlie court, also guards against the
occurrence of a similar necessity when other States
shall be added to the Union. It contains antici-
pation as well as retrospect. It refers to the pro-
visions of the former act, which were individual in
their character, and it extends like remedy to all
cases that may have occurred, or that may here-
after occtir, of a similar nature.
Mr. I. would propose, if there were no objection,
that the bill be placed at once on its passage.
Mr. McCLELLAND suggested a wish that the
passage of the bill might be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. INGERSOLL acquiescing in the sugges-
tion—
The bill was accordingly read twice, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he understood
that a member from the State of Virginia intended
to announce to the House the death of one of its
members elect, the Hon. G. C. Dromgoole. If
that was true, he would move further to postpone
the special order until to-morrow.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Select Com-
mittee to revise the Rules, made a further report;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PETTIT rose and asked leave to make.a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order,
except by the general consent of the House.
Such consent being given—
Mr. PETTIT said Tie wished to call the atten-
tion of the House and the country to a most
puerile, miserable, silly, but not the less false, re-
port of his remarks made yesterday for the Union.
He did not know by whom; he knew Mr. Ritchie
was the editor, and he held him responsible. He
undertook to say that what he should here read as
a report of his remarks must be knovvn to every
one, whether in the House or out of it, whether
he heard him or not, to be utterly false, and inten-
tionally so. No man understood him to say as
follows; no man could have understood him so:
" If any man more than another could claim the honor of
having raised Mr. Polk to the presidential chair, he could do
it. If any one more than another eonld claim the introduc-
tion of the tariff of 1846 as his own measure, he could do
it." ,
A miserable, puerile attempt at misrepresenta-
tion, (said Mr. P.) Such men are beneath those
whom I described yesterday as without the power
of reason. Tiicy are beneath contempt.
