* 184?.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McLANE asked leave to offer a resolution
calling for information from one of the Executive
departments.
The SPEAKER stated, as there was a special
order pending for this day, the resolution could
not be received unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. C, J. INGERSOLL said, as the report of
the committee had been prjnted and laid on the
tables of the members within the last five minutes,
he was ready to proceed with the special order.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER announced the special order,
being the report of the select committee on rules,
as the first business before the House.
The first rule was a substitute for the thirty-
third rule, usually called the hour rule, by which
it was proposed to provide, that—
" It shall be in order to entertain a motion when made to
limit the time whiclf each member may occupy in debating
any question in the House or Committee to a period not less
than one hour: provided, tnat where the House has made
an order fixing the tune for discharging the committee fiom
the further consideration of any bill, or other matter referred
to it, (after acting without debate on all amendments pend-
ing or that may be offered,) debate by any one member
before such order takes effect may be limited to one quarter
of all hour, and thereafter tlie member who reported tile
measure under consideration from any committee, may
debate the same for one hour; and any member shall be
allowed in committee five minutes to explain the object,
nature, and effect, of any amendment which he may offer;
, and all motions made to carry out tills rule shall be decided
without debate."
To this the following had been offered as an
alternative in committee and reported to the
House:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour and a half
in debate on any question in the House or in Committee;
bnt a member reporting the measure under consideration
from -a committee may open and close the debate: provided,
that where debate is closed by order of the House, any
member shall be allowed in committee five minutes to ex-
plaig any amendment he may offer."
j The SPEAKER announced the question to be
an the proposed substitute for the substitute first
■ reported by the committee.
Mr. POLLOCK inquired if it would be in order
■ to move to amend the last substitute.
' The SPEAKER remarked that the last substi-
I tule was in the nature of an amendment to an
amendment. ^
Mr. HOWELL COBB thought the first substi-
tute was reported as a' distinct proposition, and not
: as an amendment.
The SPEAKER then intimated that he would
entertain an amendment.
Mr. POLLOCK accordingly moved to strike
out from the first line the words " and a half," so
as to limit speeches to one hour, instead of one
hour and a half, as the amendment proposed. He
thought the experience of the House had demon-
strated the necessity and the utility of the hour
rule—it had certainly operated to the satisfaction
of the House and of the country. One hour was
a sufficient length of time for any gentleman in
which to present his views on any one question,
and with such a limitation an opportunity would
be afforded to a lafger majority of the members to
be heard than if an hour and a half was the allotted
period. He therefore moved to strike out the
words " and a half."
Mr. COLLAMER did not propose to say much
of the merits of this hour rule. He was willing
that the House should adopt such a rule, and allow
either one hour or one and a half, at its discretion;
but what he rose for more particularly, was to call
the attention of the House to the fact that there
was a provision in this rule, which, in hisjudgment,
required amendment. There was a provision,
and an important provision it was, too, which
gave to the member reporting a measure from a
committee the privilege to open arid to close the
debate.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested to the gen-
tleman from Vermont that it would be better first
to dispose of the hour rule, and afterwards other
matters might be considered.
Mr. COLLAMER feared he should afterwards
be deprived of the opportunity of accomplishing
the purpose which he had in view, which was to
suggest an amendment to this part of the substi-
tute. He hoped, therefore, that the House would
now listen to him. The expression used was,that
" a member reporting the measure under considv
eration from a committee may open and close the
debate." Now, suppose the case of a bill which
came from the Senate—and it was well known that
much of their business came from the Senate—
which would be considered in committee and re-
ported on either that it should be adapted or that
it ought not to pass. The legitimate question then
would be on adopting the report of the committee,
and, as this rule stands, the member who made
ftie report adverse to the passage would not have
the right to the floor because the report was against
the measure. He therefore proposed, at the proper
time, to move to amend by inserting the word
" oh" before the words " the measure," so that it
should read " but a member reporting on the
measure," &c., may open and close the debate.
Mr. HOWELL COBB thought that idea was
carried out by the rale. A measure is referred to
a committee, and that committee reports against
t^e bill; that it be disagreed to, or that it do not
pags; and it was intended by this rule to give to
the gentleman making -such report the permission
which the gentleman from Vermont desired to se-
cure to him.
Mr. COLLAMER thought they might as well
make it right and clear early as late. If they did
not do so, it would, from its ambiguity, be subject
to misconstruction.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, the-word on was
suggested in committee, and he was in favor of it,
but the committee thought it unnecessary.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH would ask lor the in-
dulgence of the House while he made a few remarks
on the subject which was now under consideration.
He had long entertained the idea that some essen-
tial and important modifications should be made
in the rules of this House, with a view to secure
great and prominent objects. It was, in his judg-
ment, very important that the rules should be
methodized,and, if possible, abbreviated. Several
committees of this House have, for years past,
reported revisions, but, from an apprehension that ]
it might now lead to debate, the existing committee :'
had reported only in part, suggesting certain im-
portant amendments and modifications, reserving
for more mature consideration the other portions,
a debate on which now might prevent ttoe accom-
plishment of anything.
The object which the committee contemplated
wa3, first, to secure a full and free discussion of all
important topics when they were before the House;
in the second place, to promote order and deco-
rum; and, finally, to facilitate the transaction of the
public business. If, however, these amendments
should be sanctioned, they would accomplish a
great deal. And Here he desired very briefly to
advert to the subject of the one-hour rule. It
would be recollected that the hour rule was intro-
duced during the twenty-seventh Congress—if he
mistook not, about the middle of the second ses-
sion of that Congress. It, would also be recol-
lected that they had then pending before them
measures of very great importance, and it was be-
lieved that the hour rule was necessary. The ex-
perience of that and the previous session had
taught them that it was necessary for the transac-
tion of the public business, by placing them in a
condition to act upon the great questions before
them, it was a rule, however, which did not
emanate from any committee. Notice was given
of an amendment to the rules in the ordinary form,
and it not only received his vote, but was sanc-
tioned by a large majority of the House. But he
was to say that he had long entertained the
opiniim that the rule, to secure a full, fair, free,
l and adequate discussio'n of the great questions un-
j der consideration, required some modification, and
; he preferred the original modification which during
the present session had been reported by the Special
Committee on Rules. He thought it much better,
in fact, than that now before the House for its ac-
tion, though he had yielded in committee to the
opinion of the. majority, who preferred the substi-
tute.
He did not, however, concur in opinion with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll,] who said that every gentleman in the
House could satisfactorily discuss any question in
the brief space of one hour. Ordinarily this could
be done; but he denied that any gentleman pos-
sessed such powers of condensation as would en-
able him to bring all his arguments within that brief
space, on all those great questions on which they
were here called upon to act. For instance, there
was the great question of the tariff—he cared not
whether they called it a protective or a revenue tariff
—on which no honouiable member of this House
could do it. There were gentlemen here "who had
studied that subject intently, and who had collected
a large mass of statistics in relation to it, and was
it to be believed that they could do justice to them-
selves and the subject by placing'it properly before
the House and the country in the brief period to
which this rule limits debate ? In the circumstances
in which they were placed d uring the twenty-seventh
Congress, such a rule was very proper, but it ought
not now to be the rule of this body.  He should
prefer to throw open all subjects for free debate by
any gentleman, to any extent that might be deemed
reasonable. He admitted that the privilege of de-
bate had been abused—yea, under his own obser-
vation, it had been shamefully abused; but such
abuses were, to some extent, incident to our free
institutions, and to our form of government. It
was, however, very often impossible to speak sat-
isfactorily on a question in the brief space of one
hour. He would mention one illustration. During
the last session he was charged with a bill which
came from the Senate making appropriations for
indemnities to those of our citizens who suffered
spoliations by the French prior to 1800. This was
put into his hands by the committee of which he
was a member, and he spent several weeks in ex-
amining the whole subject, that he might come to
the House prepared to place the facts before it.
In the Senate it was debated, two entire days
having been occupied by the Senator who sup-
ported the bill, and a like period of time by the
Senator who opposed it. He trusted no member
of this House imagined for a moment that he came
here contemplating that he should consume two
days on that subject; but, if so much time was
occupied in the Senate, how, he would ask, was
it possible that he could do justice to the subject
in Jne short hour? The hour, rule, however, ex-
isted, and he was deterred from attempting more
than a simple statement of the leading features of
the case; he certainly could not attempt to set forth
its facts and principles, which he had collected,
and which were material to a correct understanding
of the subject. In this Congress they were in dif-
ferent circumstances than was the twenty-seventh
Congress: he was not aware of any great questions
which required such a stringent rule for their
prompt disposition^ He desired to hear from his
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Infers oll]
what great questions they were likely to have be-
fore the House that would create a necessity for
this rule ? All the leading measures of the Admin-
istration were carried through the last Congress.
They had disposed of the tariff of 1846; they had
carried through their subtreasury law; they had
adopted all their other great measures, to which he
need not more particularly refer; and he therefoie
desired to ask the House what they had before
them on this occasion other than the ordinary
business of Congress ? No gentleman could sup-
pose that we were to have any further revision of
the revenue laws. There might be some depart-
mental reforms, but there would be no revision of
the tariff. What measures of the Administration,
then, were there to be brought forward that would
require this rule? They might have the war with
Mexico and'kindred topics, and respecting them
he begged leave to say that he desired a free, un-
restricted, unlimited debate. If, then, the original
substitute for the 33d rule were sanctioned by the
House, the House at its pleasure might allow un-
restricted debate, and at its pleasure pass an hour
rule; and when it made an order for the closing of
debate it could limit debate to a quarter of an hour,
and thus the House would ever have its .measures
under its control. It was' well known that the
House of Representatives had, to a great degree—
whatever it might have formerly possessed—lost
its character of a deliberative assembly. It was
well known that not one out of five hundred
speeches there, produced any very great effect on
. the action of that body. It was well known that
; all great'measures of policy were carried, not by
the force of debate, but by consultation among
themselves in private, as to the character of the
measure and its various provisions. He had long
felt a strong desire to see the accomplishment of
an amendment in the character of this body, by a
modification of its rules so as to make it in truth a
deliberative body, and so that its debates could be
listened to with respect. He wished to see then-
debates so regulated that they could listen with
respect to each other and profit by the suggestions
of honorable members who might occupy the floor.
