44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
He did not know that he ought at this time—he |
did nSt know that it would he entirely in order to i
recur to the other propositionsembraced in the j
report submitted by the committee, and which j
would hereafter eome under consideration. j
The SPEAKER was understood to remind the 1
honorable gentleman or the pending question, ;
which was alone the subject of debate.
Mr. SMITH said he was not aware, then, that '
he had anything- to add on the subject of the mod-
ification of1 the hour rule; but that, if the House
should" adopt "the amendment proposed by the •
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Pollock,] he ,
should deem it his duty to urge the rejection of :
the entire amendment, and the adoption of the ,
original rule proposed by the committee. I
Mr. POLLOCK did not purpose long to occupy I
the attention of the House. He did not assume
to be the peculiar champion of the hour rule; he,
however, was decidedly in favor of it, and he
certainly would be among the last members on
this floor to do anything to infringe, directly or
indirectly, upon the most perfect freedom of de-
bate. In voting for the continuance of the hour
rule, he believed he was not infringing at all upon
the freedom of debate, or upon any privilege of
any member upon this floor. He recognized to
the fullest extent the right guarantied by the Con-
stitution. The Constitution provided that Con-
gress should make no law " abridging the freedom
of speech or of the press," &c.
The regulation proposed to be reestablished by
the amendment which he had offered could not be
regarded as an infringement on the liberty of
speech. It was simply a regulation ot a rule by
which that right should be exercised. It was
no more a restraint of the great right of freedom
of speech than any other regulation or law is a
restraint upon the rights of the people. Every
law which is found on our statute-book to that
extent may be said to be an abridgment of the
natural liberty of the people; and every man,
when he enters into society, gives up a part of his
natural liberty. x
The rule thus laid down, as the experience of
every individual who is familiar with the proceed-
ings and debates of the American Congress testi-
fies, has been conducive of the best results. He
fully appreciated the wisdom and policy of the
twenty-seventh Congress. He believed the re-
forms then effected—of which the hour rule was
one—had had a weighty influence upon the pros-
perity of the country.
Mr.U. R. INGERSOLL interposed, and (Mr.
Pollock yielding) said he apprehended his friend
fi~.om Connecticut [Mr. Smith] was mistaken in
supposing that5'the hour rule was not in existence
when the tariff of 1842 was passed. The gentle-
man would find, on reference to the records, that
that rule had then been adopted, and the debate
upon that important bill was conducted under it.
Mr. POLLOCK (resuming) expressed his re-
gret that the acts of that Congress had to so great
an extent been blotted from our statute book; and
he believed that the proceedings of the 28th Con-
gress would yet produce results which would de-
monstrate the wisdom of the 27th Congress, and
the folly of the two succeeding ones, whose meas-
ures, had been so antagonistical to those then
adopted. The hour rule found its origin in the
27th Congress. Among the many wise measures
that were then introduced and passed, and have
since become the settled policy of the country,
was the hour rule. He regarded it as a Whig
measure, and he should deeply regret that the first
act of the Whig majority now on this floor should
be the repeal of a rule which has received the
sanction of every man familiar with the proceed-
ings of Congress.
He referred to the experience of gentlemen in
reference to this matter. They knew that when
the period was limited for debate, many members
talked as a matter of course till the time expired;
if it was extended to one hour and a half, their
speeches would be just one hour and a half long;
be the time long or short, that time would be filled
up. Such had been his observation as long as he
had had the honor of a seat on this floor.
Another ground on which he advocated this
hour rule was, that it was a sanitary regulation.
From the manner in which this Hall was con-
structed, an individual to be heard required to exert
all the power of his voice; every organ was called
into exercise, or he could not be heard. Now, as '
I a mere sanitary regulation, to prevent members i
! who desire to speak from bringing upon them- :
• selves, by too long-continued exertion of the or- ;
! gans of the voice, that prevalent disease, the •
i bronchitis, he was strongly in favor of the rule. ;
! His friend from Connecticut [Mr.-Smith] had i
! said that, out of fne hundred speeches delivered j
j here, not one affectcd or changed the proceedings. |
i If that were true, \Vhy should those five hundred i
' speeches that could be delivered in five hundred j
1 hours, be allowed to consume the time of the House !
i for seven hundred and fifty hours?
It was very well known ta members in this Hall
that the usual mode was to speak an hour, and,
by what was a universal understanding, to write
out afterwards what gentlemen might have desired
to add. The speeches made here were not intend-
ed to operate upon the House, but upon the coun-
try. When gentlemen got up and addressed "Mr.
Speaker,'? they did not speak to the Speaker or
( the House, but to their constituents at home; and
ii that not by means of a' powerful voice, but by
the aid of those powerful instruments the pen and
the press. And in view of this, there was not a
gentleman here who could not satisfactorily to this
House discuss any of the questions which agitate
the country. Not that he could, in the space of
an hour, investigate and elucidate all the principles
he might wish to present, but when Tie retires to
his own room, by the midnight lamp, tlnough the
agency of the pen and the press, he might reach
eveiy nook and comer of this Confederacy with
the reasonings and conclusions of his own mind,
presented in the form which best suited him.
It has been suggested that the hour rule, as going
to infringe upon the freedom of debate, was un-
constitutional; but if such a limitation were a vio-
lation of the Constitution, the hour-and-a-half rule
now proposed was equally so.
i! IN'ow, in relation to the measures expected to
|! come before Congress during the present session,
;! the gentleman fiom Connecticut had told them that
jj there were no gieat ones except the war measures.
>1 Pie (Mr.sP.) presumed there were not. And was
,i there a gentleman on this floor, he would ask, who
jkwished more than an hour to discuss what had
lj been again and again discussed by members upon
!j this floor and in the other branch of Congress, in
|] our State Legislatures, hy the press, by every man
j in the community?
i: He was an advocate of this rule on every prin-
;; ciple. He sincerely hoped it would be retained,
' and he believed that the consequences that would
'j flow from it would be such as would advance the
legislation of this House, and give to a greater
ij number of members of this House the right of
jj being heard on questions they wish to discuss,
ii Mr. WOODWARD was opposed to any alter-
ation of the rules of tffis House upon this subject;
ji and in expressing his views he should-advert to
jj .what he considered a very fundamental mis con-
H ception of the question of the right of members to
ji debate here one hour, two hours, or at all. it had
1 nothing to do with the ".freedom of speech''as
j, secured by the Constitution. The provision of
Ij the Constitution in favor of the liberty of speech
! was to protect the people; to enable a man to enter-
tain his own thoughts, and to declare them pub-
>; licly on all occasions; to enable a man to express
r his opinions upon politics, upon public men, upon
j* religion; 10 give men universally the right to do
'• that for which Galileo was put to the ra^". No
j; man had a natural right to speak here; your rights
j here are conventional; the right of debate is confer-
i red by this body. No individual in any assembly of
ji men has a natural right to make a speech and com-
pel everybody to listen to him. The right you
have is a conventional right, a right conferred by
this body itself; it has nothing in the world to do
; with that liberty of speech in the enjoyment of
which this Constitution proposes to protect the
! citizens of the country. It does not confer the
; privilege of talking upon members of this body or
anybody, or the necessity upon anybody to hear
. anybody who warns to make a speech.
He was in favor of a limited debate to one hour.
It increased the quantity of time allowed to each
man for debate; it increased the number of men.
: If it be a right, the way to protect it is to diffuse
it, to divide it amongst the greatest number, and
; not to allow a few comparatively to consume the
time of the country in making long-winded ha-
rangues delivered here toemptybenches. lie main-
: tained thai a division was a protection of the right.
This rule enlarged the number of men who might
speak here. He knew questions could not be well
discussed, frequently, in the couise of asingle hour.
But, in the gioss, you would get a larger amount
of argument from a number of speakers than you
would from a few occupying a gieat while. He
knew it would gratify the vanity of some to be al-
lowedlo speak at their own pleasure to exhaust
the subject. Many of those fortunate enough to
get the floor would be very glad to do so. He
would not indulge gentlemen in this way; he would
let more speak, he would let some speak less; the
House would then get a greater amount of argu-
ment—more light on the subjects which came be-
fore it.- He should, therefore, vote against this
one hour and a half rule.
Mr. HENLEY wished to makaa remark or two
in relation to this hour rule. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Pollock] had said^ it was
adopted as a Whig measure in the 27th Congress.
According to Mr. H.'s recollection, this was true.
It was adopted then by the Whig party, as they^
then avowed and now avow, for the purpose of
enabling them to go on and expedite business; so
that the party then m a small minority might not
fee able, by interminable* debate and delay, to pre-
vent them from doing what they came to do, and
what he believed they did do pretty much to their
own satisfaction, if not to the satisfaction of the
country. Now, it was very strange that this pro-
position to repeal the rule came from the same
party who adopted it, in order, as they said, to en-
able them to go on and* do the business of the coun-
try. Now they had got into the majority again,
and they came forward to repeal this same rule.
What was the reason? Was it that they might
not be enabled to do business ? Had they taken
alarm from the judgment which the country had
pronounced against them then ? And were they to
repeal this rule, so that they may attempt to Jus-
tify themselves for doing nothing by saying, Trot-
withstanding we had a majority, we were still un-
able to do anything from the delay which our op-
ponents were enabled to make by interminable dis-
cussion, and in other ways ? Was that the reason
why gentlemen, leading Whigs, proposed a repeal
of this Whig rule, as it was claimed to be r The
truth was, this rule was opposed then to some ex-
tent by the Democratic party, because they were
then in the minority; they had no responsibility
for the carrying on the business of legislation; they
cared not, perhaps, what was done, or rather, they
thought it was better that nothing should be done,
for they considered that the action of the party in
power would be worse than to consume the time in
debate. But when they got into power the Demo-
cratic party readopted it; they were driven to it
because there is a sort of mania for speaking here.
The gentleman fromConnecticufesaid no individ-
ual could do justice to the subjects to be discussed
here in an hour. This might perhaps be the case
on some extreme occasions. But did'not the gen-
tleman know perfectly well that if he could not do
justice to a subject during his hour, some of his
friends could take it up, and clear up the subject: and
after you get through a discussion in this way you
would find full justice done to it? Look into the
debates of former years—of our forefathers, who
certainly were as wise as we are, if they did not
talk as much; look into the debates in the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution; you see less
than a square in a newspaper, which would cost a
dollar for advertising, is as great a space as many
of the speeches of Franklin, Jefferson, and such
men occupy in delivering opinions upon subjects
certainly of as much importance as any which can
come before this House now. Their remarks weie
brief, to the point, easily understood; and we
should certainly be following good examples if we
made these men our models in speaking.
But a very great difficulty, alluded to by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodwakd,]
is, that if gentlemen get the floor early, and are
enabled to speak as long as they please, they may
anticipate what many others would have had to
say. It is a kind of \amty which the gentleman
from South Carolina would give no encouragement
to. Now, Mr II. confessed the great difficulty
with him was, unless he did get the floor early,
that some other gentleman would anticipate him
and say precisely everything which he wished to,
and then he certainly would not detain the House
by repeating it, iaul so lie was prevented from
speaking at all.
