1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He hoped the House would notrnow repeal the
hour rule. Some convenience might result from
its repeal, but it would be found necessary, and j
they would he obliged to adopt it again. The other !
rules reported by the committee he thought would j
work well, and he hoped would be concurred in, :
while the House refused to alter or repeal the i
hour-rile, which the experience of this House i
proved had worked so well. |
Mr- COBP, of Georgia, said, if he thought it |j
was to be hoped for, he would ask this House to j!
reject all the rules imposing any restriction upon ?;
free debate in this House. If the House would 'j
not go as far as that, he trusted they would at I
least meet on the platform of the rule now#under j'
discussion, without the amendment of the gentle- !
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Pollock.] In j
reference to the history of the hour rule, Mr. C. j
said it was passed by the Whig Congress—the i
27th Congress—and it was universally denounced J
m the section of the country from which he came, '
by the Democratic party. So far as there was |
any glory attached to the origin or continuance'of |
that rule, he desired to wipe his hands of it. The !
Democratic majority did continue it during the 28th !
and 29th Congresses. Mr. C. was in the major-
ity then; he voted against it: how he was in the
minority; he should vote against it. He believed
it to be wrong, and that the arguments urged by
the gentlemen from South Carolina [Mr. Wood-
ward] and from Indiana [Mr. Henley] in favor
of it'were in fact objections to it. * ;
He desired to disabuse the House of one pram- ;
inent erroneous idea, as put forth by the gentle- !
inen from Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Indi- !
ana. It was said the hour rule enables you to !
dispose of your business in a shorter time; that it
curtails debate. That is not true, in my judgment.
Ger^lemen refer to the long debates of former (
times, to the night sessions, and say that it was !
impossible for the majority of the House to de- j
spatch the business of this ftouse. This was true; I
itoccurred in theS6th and in preceding Congresses; j
but this difficulty was not remedied by the hour j
rule. It was by a rule adopted also by the 27th j
Congress, for which they deserve vastly more j
credit than for the hour rule. The hour rule does !
not limit debate; but the rule by which they ex- j
pedited the business of the 27th Congress was the j
rule giving to the majority of the House the power
by resolution to conclude debate in Committee of j
the "Whole on the state of the Union whenever j
they will. Previous to that it, required a vote of j
two-thirds. The majority of the 27th Congress j
found they could never obtain two-thirds, and that
their measures would be forever under discussion.
They adopted a rule that a majority at any time
might stop debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and vote upon the bill, and
when reported and you get into the House, you
can call the previous question at any time. That
is the rule of the 27th Congress, readopted by the
28th and 29th Congresses, and not the hour rule,
which has been this potent instrument for facilita-
ting business. So far as the hour rule is concern-
ed, what matters it to the majority whether the
same time is consumed by twenty members or by
five ? But under this other rule your majority, as
cur majority in the last Congress, have power to
stop debate in the middle of a speech, and after
vote, without debate, to have the bill reported to
the House, in order to be acted on. Mr. C. trust-
ed, then, that gentlemen would not give their sup-
port to the hour rule, on the ground that it expe* jj
dited business. It did not. ij
But the gentlemen from South Carolina [Mr. f:
Woodward] and Indiana [Mr. Henley] support jj
the rule on the ground that it affords to a greater j
number an opportunity of speaking. Well, that !'
may be true; but wherein do they discover benefit
jn that, or expedition to business? They say it j:
avoids the consequences of having no-limitation \<
upon debate, when some one obtains the floor and ij
anticipates them, -saying what they intended to *j
say. But that very state of things would lessen j!
debate on this floor.* What do I care to detain the ti
House for the purpose of pressing upon the House !j
or the countiy a certain argument, if some kind
friend has done it for me? It saves me so much ■
labor and time. It should never be an objection '
for me to the argument of a friend that he takes j
the views which 1 desired to present. I believe
the rejection of the hour and of the hour and a
half limitation would lessen debate, and make it I
legitimate and proper. Gentlemen who take part
in the debate would discuss subjects fully, and
when the arguments are fairly and thoroughly pre-
sented on both sides, there is an end of the debate.
But under the rule as existing at the last Gongress,
a gentleman presents one or two, views during his
hour; another has an isolated view; he travels over
all the ground before he gets to it; and so the
ground is gone over and over, and the same argu-
ments presented, perhaps in little different forms,
by gentleman after gentleman. Read your debates
under the hour rule, and see if this is not the case.
In the discussion of the tariff act of 1842 seventy-
five or eighty speeches were delivered, and see
how the same ideas were presented over and over
in them.
Mr. Q. J. INGERSOLL, (in his seat.) There
were ninety-two speeches on the Oregon question.
Mr. COBB. I am reminded by a friend that
there were ninety-two speeches—a larger number
than on the tariff—made on the Oregon question.
Throw open the debate, and let gentlemen dis-
cuss it till they have given a full examination of
the subject, and presented all the views they wish
to present. Well may gentlemen then be content
with it, and we not desire to obtrude ourselves upon
the House, when everything that we can say has
already been said, and better than we could do it
ourselves. ;
It seemed to him, therefore, that a restriction
upon debate increased rather than lessened it.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Henley] ad-
verts to the early history of the country, and to
the speeches of the patriots of that day. They had
no necessity for such a rule; and for half a ccutury
we have been without limitation or restriction on
the freedormof speech. And since the adoption of
the rule to terminate debate, I see not why debate
should not be free and full until so terminated. I
would prefer to see all restrictions abolished; but,
fdr the purpose of accommodating gentlemen who
believe the hour rule the best, and also gentlemen
who, like me, are opposed to all restrictions, I am
willing to take the hour and a half rule. I would
prefer to see both rules dispensed with; I believe
they operate unfavorably on the despatch of busi-
ness—certainly on an enlightened discussion.
Mr. C. B. SMITH, as a member of the com-
mittee, desired to say a few words on this subject.
He believed the committee, at its earlier meetings,
almost unanimously approved of dispensing with
the hour rule, and authorized its chairman so to
report; but, at a subsequent meeting, it was deter-
mined to offer, in the nature of a compromise, the
rule \frhich proposed to fix the limit at an hour and
a half. Not that the committee was in favor of
such a restriction, but from a fear that unless such
a restriction were submitted the hour rule would
be adopted. He never voted for it, and his expe-
rience had taught him that it was calculated to do
more harm than good. He could not see why
gentlemen should be confined to one hour in the
expression of their' opinion. For some the rule
afforded an insufficient time, and for others it was
too long; but gentlemen, seeing that the hour-rule
was adopted, sometimes felt themselves called upon
to speak out their hour, so that it would be per-
ceived the rule worked both ways. All must have
observed how anxiously gentlemen turned to the
clock in the course of their remarks to see that they
occupie&nhe full hour allowed by the rule; but if
there were no limit they would not attempt to speak
an hour. He did not believe the result would be
satisfactory if this rule were adopted. An' hour
was a short time for the discussion of an important
question: it was too short to examine any question
which required deliberation; too short to allow any
gentleman to express his views to the satisfaction
of himself and his constituents. He knew there
had been abuses; fore some gentlemen, when there
were no such restrictions, had consumed a week.
It was true this had been done; and it was for the
purpose of obviating the recurrence of this that the
committee had agreed to the rule now before the
House, changing the rule from one hoar to one
hour and a half, which would afford more time
than would be desired by many gentlemen. If
this rule were adopted, he did not suppose that
every gentleman would feel bound to speak an
hour and a half; and therefore it cut off the objec-
tions that might be made to some gentlemen speak-
ing at an interminable length, and, on the other
hand, to too great a restriction on the freedom of
debate. If the proposition of the committee were t
concurred in, its practical operation, he thought,
would afford satisfaction to the -House. As he
had already said, it was offered by the committee
in the nature" of a compromise between two ex-
treme limits—the one-hour rule on the one hand,
and no restriction whatever on the other.
Mr. VINTON entirely concurred in the views
expressed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb.] He had been in this House fourteen years'
when there was no hour rule nor restriction on the
right of speech. He had been here from four to
six years under the rule, and he was very sure
that in the transaction of business by this rule they
had gained nothing. On the contrary, the debates
of this House, he thought, had very greatly lost
character and caste by the introduction of that
| rule, and the influence of the House, he was sat-
; isfied, had suffered very greatly by it. When-
1 there was no restriction on debate, if a gentleman
who had the floor in any way misapprehended
what had been said before, or if he fell into any
mistake, he was always ready to give way for an
explanation, because he did not dream that he was
pressed for time. But under this hour rule, when
a gentleman got the floor, no matter how he mis-
represented another, no matter how he had misun-
derstood a preceding speaker, no matter how great
the mistake into which he had fallen, it was with
difficulty he could be induced to give way for
explanation. Indeed it made gentlemen to some
extent like a mastiff with a bone, they held on to
what they had got in their power; the House had
therefore lost in courtesy by this rule.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] said
that one hour was not sufficient for the expression
of their views on any important, question; but
another gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Heni.et]
said, if that were so, let one gentleman take up the
subject where another left off—as if a gentleman
would be willing to start in the middle of a sub-
ject. In one hour, a gentleman might not be able
to make more than half, or peradventure one-third,
of a speech; but he writes out a speech, and pre-
sents that to the country which was never delivered
here, and consequently which nobody had had
an opportunity to answer. When^he first came
here, if any gentleman had done so, it would have
been deemed a mean thing, and a fraud on the
House. But the hour rule made this, to some
extent, necessai^, and it would continue to be
done as long as that rule is retained. He was in
favor of the proposition as orginally submitted by
the committee*, but, as an amendment had been
offered by way of compromise, he should go for
that compromise, on the presumption that the
! committee was satisfied that it coula not carry the
best thing. Not being able to obtain the best, he
, should take the next best,and sustain thecompro-
, mise. The report of the committee, as originally
made by the chairman, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] in
his view, appeared to provide for all the difficulties
that had beeQ experienced, and to answer every
objection that could be made. It was true, it was
sometimes necessary that there should be a restric-
tion on the consumption of the time of the House.
The right of debate, as a general thing, ought to
be unrestricted. There should be a restriction
only in case of emergency. If there was an emer-
gency, then, as a matter of course, restriction'
ought to be put on debate, so as to meet the
emergency; and such was the original proposition
of the committee. It was cases of emergency
which gave to the House the right to resort to
restraint. And what more did they want? The
House could thus be protected against abuse, and
provide for imminent cases. The rule, as origi-
nally proposed, left debate open when no emer-
gency existed, and did not require gentlemen to
cut up their speeches into halves or thirds, for
other gentlemen to take up, according to the plan
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley.]
It gave gentlemen who understood a subject an
opportunity to make a statesmanlike speech upon
it, which it Would be next to impossible to do if
they were to be limited to one hour. For the
reasons he had given, and for many others which
he might give, if he would be justified in trespass-
ing upon the time of the House, he was in favor
of the proposition originally made by the com-
mittee.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said he
would vote for the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Pollock,] to strike out
" and a half," and then he should vote against the
