50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
vivors of the crew of the United States brigSomers,
praying indemnity for the loss of their clothing
and personal effects, occasioned by the capsizing
of that vessel in the harbor of Vera Cruz; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted additional docu-
ments relating to tbe claim of Hugh Wallace
"Wormeley to a pension; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of Susan
T. E. Williamson, widow of Charles L. William-
son, deceased, late an officer in the navy, praying
a pension; .which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of Joshua
Shaw, praying that a balance of an appropriation
due him under an act of Congress, and retained in
the treasury, may be paid; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of the Ves-
try of Washington Parish, in the city of Washing-
ton, praying'permission to purchase partof a public
reservation in that city, for the purpose of enlarging
their burial ground; which was referred to the-
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the memorial of
Timothy Upham, John Laig'hton, Thomas Hays,
Michael W. Ash, Samuel McClelland, Robert C.
Wetmore, James H. Suydam, and Allen Thomas,
legal representatives of John Thomas, deceased,
praying compensation for performing the duties of
navy pension agents; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Jesse
Turner, praying the confirmation of his title to a
tract of land held under a Spanish grant, in Flor-
ida; which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Leslie Combs, praying the payment of certain
bonds issued to him by the late Republic of Texas;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of William M. Glemly, an officer of the
navy, praying compensation for performing duties
belonging to a higher grade than that held by him
in the service; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of Sarah
Hebard, widow of Andrew Hebard, deceased, late
a chief engineer in the navy, praying to be allow-
ed a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of the seamen
of the United States squadron in the Pacific ocean,
praying the restoration of the spirit ration; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of Mrs. Ann
Chase, praying indemnity for losses at Tampico,
in Mexico, in consequence of an outbreak of the
populace on the commencement of hostilities ;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
MEMORIALS OF OFFICERS.
✓
Mr. DIX. presented the memorial of officers of
the army, now serving in Mexico, praying the
passage of an act granting pensions to the widows
and orphans of such as may die in service.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial of officers of
the army, now serving in Mexico, praying the
passage of a law authorizing the retirement of offi-
cers of the army from active servicc on certain con-
ditions.
On presenting these memorials, Mr. BIX said:
T rise to present two petitions, to which I desire
to invoke the attention of the Senate. It was not
until yesterday that I was apprised of their con-
tent*, or I shoufd have brought them here at an
earlier day. They were left on my table in the
city a week or ten days ago, when I was absent,
sealed and addressed to an honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] not now in his place,
who served for many years as chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, with distinguished
honor to himself and advantage to the country;
and I greatly regret that he is not here to take
chargc of them. I am not in the habit, sir, as
you know, of accompanying the presentation of
papers with introductory remarks. In ordinary
cases, it is doubtless more proper to await the ac-
tion of appropriate committees on the subjects to
which they refer. But I trust the nature of these
may be deemed by the Senate to justify a depart-
ure from the usual practice.
. They are petitions signed by the officers of the
army at Puebla, on the 1st day of August last,
just before it commenced its march towards the
city of Mexico. The first is styled "A petition
for a retiring list." It contains two hyndred and
thirty-three signatures, and prays for certain legis-
lative provisions in respect to aged and disabled
officers, which, without casting any new burden
on the public treasury, would, in the opinion of
the petitioners, add greatly to the efficiency of the
army, and at the same time do justice ,to those who
perform the drudgery, and encounter the perils of
military service in the field. I will only say fur-
ther in reference to this petition, that the plan sug-
gested corresponds, to some extent, though not
fully, with one proposed by a late commander of
the army, (General Macomb,) and I believe re-
cently recommended by the present Adjutant Gen-
eral, with a view to the same objects.
The sccontT is styled "A petition for widows
and orphans." It is signed by two hundred and
twenty-two officers, and I believe the names, as
far as they go, are identical with those borne on
the first, it is also dated at Puebla", on the 1st day
of August last, almost at the moment the army
took up its march for the valley of Mexico; and
when considered in connection with the surround-
ing circumstances and the brilliant events which
followed with a rapidity of succession scarcely ex-
ceeded by those which signalized the first entrance
of Buonaparte into Italy, it addresses itself with
s;reat force to the feelings, as well as the justice of
Congress and the country.
I will not detain the Senate by entering into any
detailed review of these events, with a view to en-
force the appeal contained in the petition on the
attention. I hope, however, I may be indulged in
saying, in justice to those who bore a part in them,
that the first conquest of Mcxico cannot, as it ap-
pears to me, be compared with the second, either
as to the obstacles overcome or as to the relative
strength of the invaders. The triumphs of Cortez
were achieved by policy and by superiority in
discipline and in the implements of warfare. The
use of fire-arms, until then unknown to the inhab-
itants of Mexico, was sufficient in itself to make his
force, small as it was, irresistible. In the eyes of that
simple and superstitious people, he seemed armed
with superhuman powen. Other circumstances
combined to facilitate his success. The native
tribes by which the country was possessed were
distinct communities, not always acknowledging
the same head, and often divided among them-
selves by implacable hostility and resentments.
Cortez, by his consummate prudence and art,
turned these dissensions to his own account; he
lured the parties to them into his own service, and
when he presented himself at the gates of the city
of Mexico, he was at the head of four thousand
of the most warlike of the natives, as auxiliaries
to the band of Spaniards with which he com-
menced his march from Vera Cruz. Thus, his
early successes were as much the triumph of poli-
cy as of arms. General Scott, and the gallant
band he led, had no such advantages. The whole
population of the country, from Vera Cruz to
Mexico, was united as one man against him, and
animated by the fiercest animosity. He was op-
posed by military forces armed like his own, often
better disciplined, occupying positions chosen by
themselves, strong by nature, and fortified accord-"
ing to the stiictest rules of art. These obstacles
were overcome by his skill as a tactician, aided
by a corps of officers unsurpassed for their knowl-
edge of the art of'attack and defence, and by the
indomitable courage of their followers. With
half his force left on the battle-field or in the hos-
pital, and with less than six thousand men, after a
series of desperate contests, he took possession of
the city of Mexico, containing nearly two hun-
dred thousand inhabitants, and defended by the
remnant of an army of more than thirty thousand
soldiers. I confess I know nothing in modern
warfare which exceeds in brilliancy the move-
ments of the American army from the Gulf to the
city of Mexico. I shall not attempt to speak of
them in the language of eulogium—they are not a
fit theme for such a comment. Like the achieve-
ments of General Taylor and his brave men on
the Rio Grande, at Monterey and Buena Vista,
the highest and most appropriate praise is con-
tained in the simplest statement of facts.
Mr. President, the gallant achievements in the
valley of Mexico, to which I have briefly referred,
were due to the chivalrous men whose names are
signed to this petition, and to their gallant associ-
ates in the field, The names of the volunteer
officers who so nobly distinguished themselves are
not borne on the petition. The subject concerns
the regular army only, and the petitioners belong
exclusively to that arm of the service. At the
head of the list I find*Winfield Scott, William J.
Worth, John A. Quitman, Gideon J. Pillow, David
E. Twiggs, Jam&s Shields, George Cadwalader,
and PersiferF. Smith, all general officers; Harney,
Clark, Riiey,and Garland,among thecolonel§; and,
among the field and staff and lower commissioned
grades, other names, too numerous to mention,
which those who bear them have, by theirgaliantry,
made familiar to their countrymen. I have already
said that this petition was signed at Puebla,
almost at the moment the army commenced its
march from that city for the valley of Mexico.
Sir, it is more than probable that the last time
many of these gallant men held a pen was to in-
scribe their names upon this petition; and when
this appeal to their countrymen was mader in full
confidence, doubtless, that their prayer would be
heard, their hands thenceforth dealt only with the
weapons with which they were vindicating their
country's honor in the.field, and which none but
Death, the conqucror of us all, could wrest from
their grasp.
Mr. President, I will not undertake to give a
summary of the contents of this petition. It is
very brief; preparing, as the petitioners were, for
the unequal contest which awaited them, and of
which, perhaps, they alone did not doubt the is-
sue, they had no words to waste even on the sub-
ject nearest to their hearts. I will read it, with the
Senate's permission, in their own language:
{{ To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the XIaited
* States of Jlmeriaa:
" We, the undesigned, officers ol'the United States Army,
l e<? leave, most respectfully, to represent to your honorable
bodies, that many of us are married and have left wives and
children at home dependent upon us; that we are constantly
exposed to danger and sudden death, not only on thefiekl of
battle, hut by expo&ure to unhealthy and deadly climates; and
that in goinjf to the tight many of us have our hearts depress-
ed by the melancholy conviction that, if we fall, our wivesand
children will be helplessly thrown on the cold charities of
the world.
" We most respectfully a«k our country to give us the ac-
suiauce, ifwe oner up our lives in her service, that she wilt
provide for our destitute widows and orphan^: and that she
may do so, we humbly petition your honorable bodies to pass
such a law as you in your wisdom shall deem just—as shall
give to the wives and children of officers and soldiers dying
in the service of their country, pensions during the natural
lives or widowhood of the wife, and during the minority of
the children; and your petitioners, as in duty bound, will
ever gratefully p ay.
"Puebla, Mexico, August 1st, 1847."
It is due to General Scott to say, that in signing
the petition he added these words: "Without any
desire of procuring for my own family any contin-
gent benefit from the proposed change in the pen-
sion laws of the army, I entirely concur in tbe
reasonableness of the foregoing petition, and can
see no military or other objection to its being sign-
ed and presented.
General Quitman also signs wirh the following
addition: "I approve the measure of placing the
regular army on the same footing with the nuvy
and volunteers."
This remark of General Quitman explains all.
The army is not oft an equally favorable footing in
respect to widows and orphans with the navy or
volunteers. Without complaining of the inequal-
ity, the petitioners respectfully ask that it may be
rectified.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that, in reading -
and signing this petition, the recollection of wives
and children thousands of miles away, many of
whom were to become widows and orphans be-
fore this last missive could reach the capital, was
to the signers far more trying than the scenes of
danger and death, on which they were about to
enter. If it was to them a moment of weakness—•
the only weakness pardonable to gallant men—the
memory of a dozen battle-fields attests that it was
the last. Some of them sleep in honorable graves;
some are lyin^ on beds of sickness in Mexico;
many are still in the field, ready, as ever, to peril
all in theircountry'scause; and others—F am sorry
to say not a few—restored to their homes, are
dragging about their scarred and.mangled limbs,
in the face of their friends and kindred, with lives
held by the frailest tenure.
