iSfT.
THE CONGRESgroK'AT. GTiOBE.
51
But, air, I have said enough. It would ,be to
cfetrust the right feeling of the Senate to say
ntore. Less I could not say, in justice to myself,
wit&'this paper before me, on which I recognize
the names of numerous friends and former asso-
ciates, many of whom we shall see no more. It
gives me pleasure, not unmixed with pain, to
Relent their petition; and if the presentation has
teen accompanied with the manifestation of yriore
fueling than becomes the performance of a public
on this floor, I sure it will be ascribed
to'a Tight c&use. " X will conclude, sir, by reading,
to'tfie Senate an extract of a letter enclosed with
t{ie petition, with the single remark, that it'was
written, in behalf of the army, by Major Harvey
ijrdwn, a gallant officer, with whom I had the
pleasure of. being associated many years ago in
the staff of a former commanding general of the
army: It is dated at the National Palace, in the
city of Mexico, on tl& 1st of October, two months
after'the petition was signed.
J" I would also call to your notice the melancholy fact,
tlrat'matiy of the officers, who have signed this petition,
have since gloriously fallen in the service of their country,
leaving destitute widows and helpless orphans. And being
dead, they now emphatically speak, saying: < We have of-
fered up our lives to our country, and we now call upon her
to provide a decent competence for our bereaved widows
and fatherless children.'" '
Is it too much, Mr. President, to ask that these
petitions, with the names attached to them, may
bis printed? I know it is riot the practice of the
Senate to print petitions. But these are something
more. As far as they go, they are lists of-the gal-
lant living and the honored dead, in Mexico. I
ttkke the motion to print.
The memorials were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
printing of maps.
Mr. BREESE. A few days ago, a report was
made from the General Land Office, and accompa-
nying that report were maps which it is necessary
to have engraved. Upon an examination I have
ascertained that the expense of engraving will not
exceed $400. I therefore move that the Senate
ordeir the necessary number of those maps to be
printed,
,Mr. WESTCOTT remarked, that there was a
xnap„ of the State of Florida accompanying that
the engraving of which would occasion
very, little expense. He inquired if that map was
embraced in the Senator '^.motion? , ...
, Mr, BREESE replied that it was included.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Jsaac
karnes, senior, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of the occupation of his
property as a military post, by troops of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
'Mr. Y. also presented the memorial of Joseph
Knox Boyd, praying compensation for his services
in the recapture of the United States frigate Phila-
delphia, in the harbor of Tripoli, in the year 1804;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. Y. also presented the memorial of William
A. Christian, a purser in the navy, praying the
allowance of certain items, suspended by the ac-
counting officers in the settlement of his accounts,
for payments made t to the acting forward officers
of tne United States steamer Princeton; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. Y. also presented the memorial of John
'Crosby, in behalf of the children of Andrew D.
Ctosby, deceased, late a purser in the navy, pray-
ing that they may be allowed a five years' pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Me, Y. also presented the memorial of John
Crosby, administrator of Andrew D. Crosby, de-
ceased, late a purser in the navy, praying to be
allowed a credit on his accounts for payments made
to certain acting forward officers on board the United
i States ship Ontario; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS submitted documents relating to the
<ilaim of A. Kearsley, receiver of public lands at
Detroit, for compensation for extra clerk hire in
his office; which were referred to the Committee
on-Public Lands.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial of citizens, of
Oswego, praying that a drawback of duties may:
be allowed on wheat imported from Canada into
the United States, when manufactured into flour
and exported; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of Benjamin
J.Cahoone,apurserin the navy, praying the reim-
bursement of money advancea by him on^ public
account; which was referred to the Committee oh
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of the
religious Society of Friends at FNew Garden,
North Carolina, praying the adoption of measures
for the immediate termination of the war with
Mexico; which was laid upon the table and order-
ed to be printed.
ORDERS.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Wm- H. Prentiss, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to thetCommittee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered. That the petition of Bailie Pejton,on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered, That the petition of W. H. Bassett, on the files
of the Senate, be referred sto the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered^ That the petition of Abner L. Duncan, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of William De Buys, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, it was
Ordered, That the pefifion of Bettnah Healy, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Abigail Gailand,on the files
ofthe Senate, be referred to ihe Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. H. Cole, on the files* of
the Senate, be referredtothe ComuiitteeonMihtary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of ccrtain claimants for remu-
neration for supplies furnished to Florida Militia in the Sem-
inole war, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John G. Sanchez, adminis-
trator of Francis R. Sanchez, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr." MASON, it was
Ordered, That tije petition of iPoarron^Cogswell, on the
files ofthe Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. rATCHfSON, it was
. Ordered, That the petition of Hemy M. Shreve, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Orderedy That the pefifion of Je«pe D. Elliott, rlie petition
of Thomas Brovvneil, and the petition of James Mcintosh,
on the files or'tlie Senate, be severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval AfTaiis.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial ofthe members of the bar at
New Orleans, on the files of the Senate, be refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Millikin, Ann H. P.
Lawson, and others, on the files ofthe Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Miss., it was
Ordered, That the petition of Clements, Bryan and Com-
pany, on ilie files ofthe Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
* On motion by Mr, DAVIS, of Miss.j it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Chiids, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md.,it was
Ordered, That the petition of John L. Worden, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Afiairs.
On motiOTi by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That the petition of CJustavus B. Horner, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claim*.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md.,it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal representatives of
Ethan Allen, on the files of the Senate, be refened to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims-
Or motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That the petition of Stephen Champlin, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Calel) Swan,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On potion: by Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., it was
' Ortlcrad, That the petition of Columbus Alexander and
Theodore Barnard, on the flies of the* Senate, be referred
to tlie Committee of Claims. - ''
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of was
Ordered^ That the petition of Maria S., bourse, widow
of Joseph Nourse, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. C0RWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Ttadcliff, oq the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DIX, it was .
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel GricC, qri the files
of the Seriate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That Throckmorton &, Bent, St. Tmin & Com-
pany, have leave to withdraw their petition and papersfrom
the files of the Senate.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Messrs. MANGUM, DIX, CRITTENDEN,
and FOOTE, severally gave notice that on to-
morrow, or at some early day, they would ask
leave of the Senate to introduce sundr^ bills.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a preamble and res-
olutions, passed by the Legislature of Connecticut,
in favor o£ the construction of a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean, according to
a plan proposed by Asa Whitney, a citizen of
New York; which were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a report and
resolutions adopted by the Legislature of the State
of Kentucky, requesting the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of that State in Congress io urge upon
that body the importance of passing such laws as
will enable the citizens of slaveholding States to
recover their slaves when escaping to the non-slave-
holding States; which were referred to* the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD remarked, that during the
last summer a case bad come somewhat under his
own observation, which he begged here to present
to tlie-notice of the Senate. A gentleman named
Duncan had some time previous removed from
Kentucky into Missouri; he lost a slave, and fol-
lowed him into Detroit, and there arrested him.
The slave was taken from the possession of the
owner there, and an action of trespass was insti-
tuted against the claimant, on whiih the owner, in
default of bail, at the instance of the slave, was
put in jail. The slave was released^Tb? gentle-
man remained iij jail until, by c^||pspondence
with his friends in Kentucky eyid elsewhere—he
(Mr. U.) amongst the number—he obtained satis-
factory proof that he was the owner of the slave,
and that the proceedings which had been com-
menced against him were altogether unjust. He
took that opportunity to say, that Mr. Norvall,
late a member of that body, and without personal
acquaintance with the gentleman thus put in jail
at the instance of his slave, took an active part in
procuring his release. But in the meantime the
slave had escaped into Canada; and there was the
end of the matter. He then moved that the me-
morial be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, in order that something might be reported
which would meet the case.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was or-
dered that they be printed.
Mr. HALE presented resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of New Hampshire, in
opposition to any legislation by Congress on the
subject of slavery, or the extension of slavery in
any territory which may hereafter be acquired by
the United States; which were read, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HALE presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of the State of New Hampshire,
in favor of the passage of an act for the removal
of the terms of the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of N,ew Hamp-
shire, from Exeter to Concord, in that State ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mf. NILES presented a preamble and resolu-
tion passed by the Legislature of the State of Con-
necticut, declaring their opposition to the introduc-
tion of slavery, or involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime, into any territory which
may, hereafter be acquired by, or annexed* to, the
United States; which were read.
Mr NILES. I move, sir, that the resolutions
which I have now submitted be printed, ihe
preamble to these resolutions has no practical con-
nection with the resolutions therhselves. w^hethev
the war proceeded frorft tlie act of IVTexico, or
