52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
from the act of the President of the United States,
is a matter which can have no influence whatever
upon the question—as to the disposition of any
territory which may be acquired in consequence
of it; and I allude to this matter, sir, because I
believe it was found embarrassing to this Legisla-
ture, and that it placed that body in a situation
somewhat analogous to that in which some of my
friends over the way found themselves in relation
to the law recognizing the war with Mexico. They
did not like the preamble to that act, and there are
many in my State who dislike that preamble very
much. The majority there, like the majority here,
insisted that the act should not only be done, but
done in the way in which they saw fit to have it
done. The resolutions were passed. The yeas
and nays were not called, and they passed without
opposition, notwithstanding this repugnance to its
preamble. However this may be, sir, I feel it my
duty to say,, as one of the representatives of that
State, that I have no doubt that these resolutions
speak the sentiments of the great body of the peo-
ple of that State. With regard to the preamble,
. I think otherwise. The resolutions, I think, sir,
s)>eak the public sentiment of the State, and this
conclusion I do not form entirely from the action'
of the General Assembly, still less do I arrive at
it from the tone of the party presses of the State
—they would probably lead me and every one to
a different conclusion—for I regret to perceive, sir,
in the press, on both sides, in that State, a shuf-
fling course is pursued, and an endeavor is made
to keep this question oat of the sight of the peo-
ple. An unwise policy, I think.
But however much it is to be regretted that the
question should arise here or before the country,
I apprehen<j that it does exist here and throughout
the country, and that it will be impossible to avoid
meeting it and looking it full in the face. For one,
I could have regretted that the question should
have come here—that in some way it would have
been kept out of this body; but we have already
matter on our table bringing up this question. We
have, sir, the message of the Executive, one of
the coordinate branches of the Government, in-
forming us that a part of Mexico now belongs to
this Union, and calling on us to establish a Terri-
torial Government over it. Many persons have
assumed the position to which I have referred, not,
T apprehend, for the lasting interests of the coun-
try, but. for temporary party purposes.
Many haveTassumed this position: that the ques-
tion would not arise because they weie opposed to
the acquisition. Well, sir, that time has gone by;
we are told that we have this territory, and are
called on to recognize it as a part of the territory
of the United States, and to establish the jurisdic-
tion of our civil government over it. In regard,
Kir, to this position, which has been assumed by
the Executive, I have nothing to say. I was
somewhat startled at it, sir. As to how far it can
be maintained, we shall see hereafter; for it will
be brought up for consideration in the course of
the session. But, sir, the otherquestion is brought
forward here, and we shall, I suppose, have it dis-
cussed. For one, sir, having felt it my duty at
the last session to express my views in regard to
it, it will be unnecessary for me to explain my
course until the question actually comes up again.
I certainly, sir, shall pursue such a course as I
believe to be moderate and conciliatory and kind
towards that section of the Union with which I
shall probably differ on this subject. But I can-
not consent to misrepresent my constituents. I
cannot mistake their sentiments. I cannot mistake
what I believe to be their interests.
I think the public sentiment of my State is the
public sentiment of the whole North, and that they
will adhere fully and with the utmost fidelity, in
guarding the rights of all the States on this ques-
tion so far as the Constitution and congressional
enactments have secured those rights—or, in other
words, that they will support the institution of sla-
very as a domestic institution in the States where
it exists, and is guarantied by the Constitution.
This is the common ground on which he hoped
we might all stand. So far, sir, I believe the pub-
lic sentiment of the North is well settled; and I be-
lieve it has equally well settled—that they are not
desirous, by any action on their part, to be instru-
mental in enlarging the area of slavery. I believe
the sentiment is, that there is no powerin this Gov-
ernment to do that, and if there were, it would be
unwise and unjust to exercise it. This question
will probably lead to some debate, and I hope it
will be discussed temperately as any other ques-
tion which can come before this body. I hope it
will be discussed with a proper regard to the rights
of the States under the Constitution which binds
us together, and with a proper regard to the inter-
ests and honor of the whole country.
For one, sir, I do not believe that there is any
power in this Government which can constitute or
originate or sustain slavery beyond the limits where
the Constitution has carried it; and if we are to go
beyond the Constitution, I am, as I have ever been,
ready, here and elsewhere, to defend the existing
institutions, and to resist every attempt to upturn
them. And in regard to acquired territory I would
leave it altogether voluntary, I would interfere with
it in no way. Nothing in my opinion can be more
clearly unjustifiable; but the question presented in
these resolutions is entirely distinct. It is a ques-
tion whether this Government shall become an
agent in establishing or extending this institution
in the country or out of it; whether it shall under-
take to exercise the power of controlling questions
of civil and private right which belong naturally
to the local institutions of the several States. I
think not, sir. I will not detain the Senate fur-
ther at this time.
Ordered, That they be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON presented resolutions, passed
by the Legislature of the State of New Hamp-
shire, in favor of the repeal of so much of the " act
to establish post routes and for other purposes."
as enlarges the franking privilege and increases the
postage on newspapers not sent from the office of
publication; which were read and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. A. also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire, tendering the thanks
of that State to Major General Zachary Taylor,
and Major General Winfield Scott, and to the
brave officers and soldiers under their respective
commands, for their distinguished and gallant con-
duct during the several engagements with the enemy
by whose act the war now exists, tendering sym-
pathy to the friends a\id relatives of the brave men
who have fallen; declaring that the course of our
Government has been marked by a spirit of for-
bearance and conciliation, until the actual invasion
of our territory, and recognizing, in the measures
of the national Executive, a spirit of justice and a
desire for peace, hut, at the same time, wisdom,
statesmanlike forecast, and patriotic energy; which
were read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEVIER then rose and asked that the reso-
lutions be read again.
They were accordingly read.
Mr. SEVIER said they did not appear to be ad-
dressed to this body at all. He hoped, therefore,
that the Senator from New Hampshire would
withdraw them. Although he concurred in the
sentiments of the resolutions, they were merely the
proceedings of a State, in no way connected with
the business of Congress. If they were not with-
drawn, he would move to reconsider the vote just
taken.
A member on the left of the Chair : For what
reason ?
Mr. SEVIER. Because it was entirely unusual
to present resolutions to the Senate which were
not addressed to the body, or hud no reference to
the coursc of the Senators from the State. He
had never known an instance in which it had been
done in the Senate.
Mr. ATHERTON. I have certainly no desire
to do anything in the slightest degree in contra-
vention of the established practice of the Senate.
But I suppose that, according to the practice, reso-
lutions passed on general subjects, as these have
been, may be presented to Congress, although no
express clause to that effect may be contained m
'them. I have no doubt that it was the design of
the membeis of the Legislature that those resolu-
tions should be presented to Congress. The reso-
lutions were sent to me by them, and I presume,
sir, that it was designed that aflll of them should be
presented. I believe that a copy of them was sent
to my colleague.
Supposing it to be the expectation of the Legis-
lature that these resolutions should be presented,
I thought it my duty to present them. If, how-
ever, that procedure be contrary to the usual prac-
tice of the Senate in presenting resolutions, unless
there be an express request that they should be
presented, I have certainly no wish to press them.
I have supposed that, in the course which I have
taken, there is nothing in contravention of estab-
lished order. I am not aware that resolutions
have been excluded on account of the absence of a
special request that they should be presented. Res-
olutions, for instance, approving of the votes of
Senators and Representatives, or instructing Sen-
ators and Representatives to pursue a certain
course in regard to the discharge of their duties,
have been frequently presented to Congress, al-
though they contained no special request that they
should be laid before either^House of Congress.
These resolutions being on general subjects might,
I suppose, be presented. I shall be guided entire-
ly, however, by the opinion of older members *of
the Senate, and if it be thought that these resolu-
tions should not constitute a precedent, I shall
withdraw them.
The motion to reconsider the motion, by which
the resolutions referred to we e laid upon the ta-
ble, was then put and adopted.
The question recurring on the resolution to print—
Mr. ATHERTON rose and said: I will with-
draw the resolutions for the present, for the pur-
pose of examining the subject, and on more ma-
ture consideration will determine whether they
ought to be presented or not.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. MANGUM asked,
and obtained leave, to bring in a bill for the relief
of John R. Bryan, administrator of Isaac Garret-
son, deceased, late a purser in the United States
navy; which was read the first and second times,
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. FELCH asked and
obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution rela-
ting to errors and defective returns in certain sur-
veys, plats, and field-notes; which was read the
first and second times, by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BREESE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to compensate
John M. Moore; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BREESE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill authorizing per-
sons to whom reservations of land have been made
under certain Indian treaties, to alienate the same
in fee; which was read the first and second times,
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. MASON asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to change the
times for holding the district courts of the United
States/or the western- district of Virginia, and for
other purposes; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BREESE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to grant to the
State of Illinois a right of way through the public
lands, and for other purposes; which was read
the first and second times, by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. UNDERWOOD asked
and "obtained leave to bring in a bill to allow fur-
ther time for satisfying claims for bounty lands
for military services in the late war with Great
Britain, and for other purposes; which was read
the first and second times, by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisi-
ana, asked and ohtained leave to bring in a hill to
grant to the State of Louisiana certain lands for
internal improvements; which was read the first
and second times, by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tions, which were considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate of the reasons which have prevented
'his compliance with a resolution adopted by the Senate the
11th February, 1846, at the first session of the*29th Congress,
m the following words, to wit: *
"Resolved, That th« tfeerrtaiy of the Treasury be- directed to
can«e to b?3 made an examination of the public land*? subject
to overflow in the State of Arkansas, by the Mississippi,
Arkansas, White, Black, Red and St. Francis rivers, in said
State ; the quantify overflowed by the Mississippi and Arkan-
sas rivers;, lying between and included within the boundaries
formed by those rivers, the Louisiana line and the Highlands
westward of the lands >o overflowed; -and that he i eport the
amount necessary to protect those lands from overflow, to-
gether with a plan for that object, at the present session of
Congress,5'
