-&LV.
Tfflfi 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
when our troops marched to the Rio Grande.
What next' After the war was commenced we
were told that the Government was to conquer a
peace; and what have we been told since ? That
we must carry on the war vigorously. "Where is
this to end? The whole progress towards the ac-
complishment of this avowed object of the Presi-
"dent, to conquer a peace, has been marked by an
"earnest desire eagerly to prosecute the war; to go
'on and go on, until we find ourselves where no
juan expected. Sir, instead of being an abstrac-
tion, these resolutions are eminently practical;
they are intended to present to the people of this
country a finale, probably not now anticipated,
but which will come if proper precautions tie not
taken. It is while the public mind is yet'sound,
and while the Senate, as I believe, is prepared
almost unanimously to vote against such an end
of the war, that I vpish this expression of opinion
to.be made. Sir, we begin now to find the mis-
fortune of entering into a war, without a decla-
ration of war—without a declaration setting forth
to the people the causes of the war, and one upon
which they may hold the Government responsible.
We have got into a war by a recognition of war,
and not a declaration, and hence the necessity for
this resolution, to negative a result which we do
not contemplate. No, sir, it is as practical as any
measure that can be brought forward; for, until
the question which arises upon these resolutions is
decided, we shall be.at a loss to know what amount
of supplies, how many men, and how much money
tp grant. If it be declared, that it is not intended
to conquer Mexico so as to destroy her nationality,
this will throw a great deal of light upon our vote;
but if it be contemplated to do this, then more men
and more money will be required; and hence the
decision upon these resolutions is the preliminary
step to be taken. Sir, it was a good old practice
in the early stages of this Government, when the
President of these United States sent an address
to Congress, that an answer to that address was
"prepared in a Committee of the Whole, and the
whole affairs of the nation were discussed before
' any measures were adopted. That is the course
pursued in the British Parliament, and in the French
Chamber of Deputies. That practice has been
dropped, and the various subjects now come be-
fore us piecemeal, and are referred to committees,
. and we have no opportunity of knowing what the
state of the Union is, until we are called upon to
vote upon the various ..propositions so-submitted.
_ Now, I hope thalt a discussion will be had, if dis-
" cussion be necessary, and that a vote will be taken,
though, if what I hear from the Senator from Michi-
gan be correct, that no man contemplates the entire
conquest of all Mexico, then we need not have a
long discussion; and it will be very satisfactory to
myself, at least, and I believe it will be highly sat-
isfactory to the people generally, to have it declared
that such a tiling is not contemplated.
Mr. CASS. I do not see that the Senator from
South Carolina has changed the aspect of the ques-
tion.' He speaks of the objects of the war. If by
this is meant theobjects to be attained by the prose-
cution of the war, every man, woman, and child, in
the country, can understand them. They are sat-
isfaction and indemnity. All we seek'of Mexico,
' to use a phrase a good deal reprobated, but which
has a good deal of sense in it, is to conquer a peace.
That is the object that we have in view; we seek
to prevail upon the Mexican Government to con-
sent to an amicable adjustment; that is the object
sought by the nation, and I do not see how it is to
, be attained by such resolutions as these. Now,
• the honorable Senator says that the decision of
. rtwsse resolutions may guide us as to the amount of
force to be raised. I take it, sir, that most of us
in the Senate, the Executive, and a great majority
of this nation, intend to go on with the war until
Mexico will consent to an honorable peace; and I
tajke it, that a majority of the Senate, and of the
House of Representatives, will vote the necessary
means for this purpose. Now, what we are wil-
ling to do at one time, we may not be willing to
do at another; we may accept to-day what we
would refuse to-morrow; and we might have ac-
cepted yesterday, perhaps, what we would have
refused to-day.
The course of obstinate infatuation on the part
of Mexico, if persisted in, may compel us to do
hereafter far otherwise than we would do now. I
am not for agitating the question. When the tfrne
comes that we shall be called on to act eonslftu-
tionally and lawfully, let us then act, but not by a
previous declaration. The honorable Senator says
that, at a certain meeting, a proposition was made
that Mexico mustbe altogetherannihilated. What,
then, is it necessary for us to declare that such is
not the intention ? Some time since, a resolution
was offered for annexing Cuba to this country, and
yet nobody thought of offering a counter resolu-
tion that it should not be annexed; and if a propo-
sition were maderany where that England or France
should be annexed to this country, no one would
think of recording on the Senate Journals asolemn
declaration that we would not. It' seems to me,
that these resolutions have no practical bearing, or
if they have,'that this is not the time for their
discussion. I leave the question.
Mr. NILES. I have always been opposed to
wasting much time on the discussion of abstract
propositions, in which light I regard these resolu-
tions, and especially the one of my honorable
friend from New York. The discussion upon that
resolution would not shed much light upon the
principal question, which can only come up on a
Territorial bill or a treaty. I^regard the resolution
of the honorable and distinguished Senator from
South Carolina as pretty near an abstraction.
That honorable Senator is rather fond of abstrac-
tions, and probably he has introduced a good many
of them in the form of resolutions here. There
does appear to me, sir, to be an intimate connection
between the two great questions presented in these
resolutions, and the whole legislation upon these
subjects in regard to our peculiar, extraordinary,
unexampled relations with a neighboring Power.
We are called on by the Executive, in the dis-
charge of his high functions, to provide additional j
means for the prosecution of this war; and with j
the view, as he tells us, of securing an honorable |
peace. Well, sir, in regard to the general propo- I
sition, I apprehend that there will be very little 1
diversity of opinion here; I should hope so,"Sir, at
least; for even these honorable gentlemen who—
some of them, I believe, think that this war origi-
nated unnecessarily and somewhat aggressively on
our part—must nevertheless see the condition the
country is in; and that whatever may have been
the origin of the war cannot now very materially
bear upon the question. We must sustain the
national character; we must in some way bring
this war to a conclusion. Well, sir, if the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator have a direct and
practical bearing upon the bill which may come
before us in pursuance of the recommendation of
the President, then, sir, perhaps we may as well
meet this great question in this form as in any
other. I should think that the decision of the
Senate upon the two questions which these reso-
lutions present, would be matter of some import-
ance to the Committee 011 Military Affairs, and
would give some degree of direction to the course
of action devolving on them, and in regard to the
additional propositions which it may be their duty
to bring before us in the prosecution of this war.
As I have already observed, all parties will agree
that this war should be brought to an honorable
conclusion. What is an honorable conclusion of
the war? Some may think that we have acquired
honor enough already in its prosecution, and that
we have prosecuted it as far as is justifiable.
There are but few, however, who think so. We
want a treaty of peace; the war must be prosecu-
ted for that object, and it is a legitimate object;
but, at the same time, we who represent the in-
terests of this great nation have or ought to have
some little sagacity. We must look at the actual
condition of things, and see what will be the result
of pursuing this matter—and this question is dis-
tinctly presented in the second resolution; thatis,
what line of policy, in the prosecution of this war,
may lead to a result which will be much more im-
portant, much more solemn in its consequences,
than the attainment of an honorable peace. May
not such a result follow? Is there not reason to
fear it? and if so, it may not be amiss to look at it in
advance, and as preceding the preparations which
it may be necessary to make for the prosecution of
the war. I believe it to be the general sentiment
of this body that the conquest of this extensive
country is not desired. The next question is,
whether we may or not be thrown into a position in
which such a result will become almost inevitable.
The Senator from Michigan tells us we cannot see
the end of the war—that we cannot now say what
the terms of pedce should be, because, what might
be suitable at this time, might be very unsuitable
at another time. Well, then, would it not be well
to examine, and how we are. best to secure the ob-
ject we' are all aiming at, that we may not b#
drawn into the necessity of taking possession of
the whole of Mexico ? Now,both of these ques-
tions are presented in these resolutions,.and the last
one I regard as being*>f the greatest importance;
and there may be difficulty in acting upon it,-be-
cause there is nothing distinct in the terms of the
resolution itself by which we are to reach-the end
desired. I believe I may say that we all wish to
avoid the probable contingency whereby we shall
be under the necessity of taking care of the whole .
population of that country, and extending our
jurisdiction over it. Now these are great ques-
tions, which cannot be too carefully considered.
I am not for abandoning this war; but, at the same
time, I cannot but see that every step we take in the
conquest of this country but increases our difficul-
ty and renders the adjustment which I have alluded
to a subject of greater difficulty. Sir, no one
can mistake that it is the sentiment of the army,—
and the army of this country is now of sufficient
importance to speak, and to be heard and felt—
it is evidently, I.say, their sentiment that this war
is only to end with the entire conquest of Mexi-
co. 1 have read the proceedings of the meeting
to which the honorable Senator alluded. I read
them with the most profound regret. Sir, we
hear from our countrymen abroad in the service
of their country, (and we hear the same from
several quarters,) that we cannot make peace
without the subjugation of the whole country.
When we hear from the army, which ought to be
subordinate to the civil Government, such lan-
guage—that the army would consider itself dis-
graced if we did not take the whole country; and ,
this spreading through the country, so calculated
to take hold of the masses,—is it not time to view
matters carefully, and to proceed with caution? I
think so, for one. It is not necessary to go far-
ther into this subject; it is not necessary to look
at the consequences that will result to our institu-
tions; it is not difficult to see the unhappy condi-
tion in which this country will be placed, and the
alarming results which will follow from a change
so great, so momentous, in our political condition,
and in the extent of our territorial possessions.
Sir, I think there is some propriety in acting upon
these propositions in advance of acting upon
measures connected with this war. I certainly
should not have proposed anything of the kind
myself; but, being here, I cannot see, looking at
the signs of the times, but that there is a manifest
propriety in examining these questions. I am
one who think that we ought to have indemnity
from Mexico; that we ought to prosecute the war,
| with the end of obtaining it, if there be any rea-
sonable prospect of getting it, by a farther exten-
sion of our conquests. But if there is not such a
prospect—if we have already proceeded far enough
to be convinced that peace is not to be obtained
by extending our dominion,—then comes the grave
question, whether we shall fall back upon some
such proposition as that which was offered by the
distinguished gentleman from South Carolina at
the last session, and content ourselves with the
occupation of a portion of their territory, or
whether we will make the calamities of war fall
with increased force upon the enemy, and then,
induce them to make peace. But will they be in-
duced to do this by breaking up the fragments of
the Government they have, and resolving that
country into the primitive condition of a popula-
tion without a Government? I think it involves a
serious doubt, whether, after we have done that,
we shall not be farther from the end than we are
at present. I will yield my objections'against
diverting the attention of the Senate to the discus-
sion of abstract propositions, so far as those prop-
ositions have a bearing upon the subject that may
come before us for our consideration. Believing
this to be the case in regaid to one of these propo-
sitions, I shall not offer any opposition to its dis-
cussion. I hope it will come up at an early day.
I know there are important matters of business,
important bills—one of them in relation to our
foreign mail service—wbieh, I hope, will be con-
sidered at an early day; and I greatly fear, that if
these two propositions are taken up, the discus-
sion will consume a month, at least, of our time,
before we can do anything in regard to these im-
portant matters of business.
