1847-
CONGRESStONAL GLOBE.
67
determine how they will proceed. The reso-
lutions are divisible, or they may be considered
together.
Mr. GrIDDTNGrS. Then, as a member of the
committee, I call for a division of the question, and
I ask for the reading of the first resolution.
The first resolution was accordingly read.
Mrf GIDDINGrS wished to inquire whether that
portion of the President's message which calls
upon Congress to make an appropriation to pay
for slaves lost on board the Amistad, by that reso-
lution would be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs?
.. Mr. "VINTON replied that that resolution re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs all our
relations with foreign countries. This, as he un-
derstood, was a claim set up on the part of Spain
for an indemnity. It would therefore go to this
committee.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
progress.
Mr, McKAY moved that the resolutions moved
by Mr. Vinton in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the President's message
this day be printed. Agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD offered the following resolu-
tions, which were read, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed:
Resolvedj That so much of the message of the President
of the United States to the two Houses of Congress at the
present session, as relates to the existing war with Mexico,
to the condition of our citizens m China, and the propriety
of making payment to the Spanish Government in the Am-
istad case, together with the accompanying correspondence
in relntion theieto,be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
the condition and operations of the army, the propriety of
increasing the same, and levying contributions upon the
enetny, f j«ethcr with the leport of the Secretary of War,
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of the said message as relates to
the establishment of a Territorial Government in Oregon,
N<uv Mexico, and the Cahformus, be referred to the Com-
mittee oYi Territories.
Resjlvcd, That so much of said message as relates to the
condition of the treasury, to the means of obtaining money
to prosecute the war with Mexico, the propriety of im-
posing a duty on tea and coffee, the warehousing system,
the constitutional treasury, and the propriety of establish-
ing a branch mint at New York, be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to the
gtittdwuiou of the price of the public lands, the amendment
and modification of the laws granting preemption rights to
settlers, to the establishment of a surveyor general's office
In Oregon, and the grant of Iftntfs therein to actual settlers,
be rcfertod to the Committee on Public Lands.
Resolved^ That so much of said message as relates to our
relations witii thevaiious Indian tubes, and the appoint-
ment of Indian dsrent^ we-t of the Rocky Mountains, be ie-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
Resolved, That somuch ot said menage as relates to the
condition and opeiations of the navy, to the increase of sea
steamers., togethoi with the report of the Suciclary of the
Navy, b^ referied to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to the
progiess and condition of the mail service, the opeiation of
the Po>t Office Department, and the postage arrangements
with foreign Governments, together with the report of the
Postmaster General, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. B. gave notice that he would, at a proper
time, offer them as a substitute to those of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. KAUFMAN offered the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a light-house
at Sabine Pass, in the State of Texas.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
In pursuance of the act establishing the Smith-
sonian Institution—
The SPEAKER reappointed Mr. Milliard, of
Alabama, a regent of the said Institution; and add-
ed Mr. Marsh, of Vermont, and Mr. McClel-
land, of Michigan, to the board of legents on the
part of the House, in the place of Mr. Hough and
Mr. Owen, whose terms have expired.
Mr. TALLMADG-E presented the petition of
Major Gr. Tochman, attorney and counsel of the
heirs-at-lawof GeneralThaddeus Kosciusko, pray-
ing to give jurisdiction of their cases to the United
States circuit court of the fourth circuit, and to
take such measures as the Congress may deem
proper to restrain Mr. D. Bodisco, Minister from
Russia, from interfering with Major T.'s profes-
sional pursuits in this country.
On motion, the House adjourned till twelve
o'clock, to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 23, 1847.
The Hon. Arthur P. Bagby, of the State of
Alabama, appeared in the Senate to-day.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. Walker,
his Private Secretary, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of the Navy, in relation to the
measures adopted under the act of the last session
in relation to the construction of floating dry
docks at Pensacola, Philadelphia, and Kittery;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
John Black, late consul of the United States at
the city of Mexico, praying compensation for
diplomatic services; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of the Adjutant of the United States Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, praying that he
may be placed on the same footing with respect
to pay and allowances as adjutants of regiments;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of the Secretary and Executive Com-
mittee of the American Colonization Society, pray-
ing that, in the removal of coloied people to Li-
beria, they be exempted from the provisions of
the acts of 22d February and 2d March, 1847,
and left to the act of 2d March, 18J9, or be
allowed to carry two passengers to every five tons
of measurement; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Mary W.
Thompson, widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel
Alexander R. Thompson, of the United States
army, deceaxsed, in behalf of the widows and
orphans of the army of the United States, praying
that the present pension laws may be so amended
as to make their pensions equal to those of the
widows of revolutionary officers; and to continue
them during life or widowhood, instead of five
years only; and to include those families whose
husbands and fathers have died in the military
service from exposure and disease from the fate
of an inhospitable climate.
On presenting this memorial,
Mr. CASS said: I hold in my hand Mr. Presi-
dent, the memorial of the widow of an American
officer who has fallen in battle; and after the very
eloquent eulogium pronounced upon those officers
by the honorable Senator from New York—an
eulogium not less true in its sentiments than elo-
quently expressed—I consider it perfectly unne-
cessary for me to do anything more than to present
the memorial, and move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I therefore move its
reference to that committee.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of J. Kears-
ley, receiver of public moneys at Detroit, Michi-
gan, praying remuneration for moneys expended
by him for clerk hire; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the claim of
George S. Gaines, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Stephen Steele and James
Daniel, on the file? of the Senate, he referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was
Ordered, That Lyon and Howard have leave to withdraw
their peUtion and papeis.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Md., submitted the follow-
ing resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform the Senate:
Finf. What has been the whole number of volunteer
troops callcd into the service of the United States since the
13th May, 1846.
Second. Of the troops so called, what has been the whole
number discharged from such service befoie their term of
service had expired, and what the number mustered out of
the service of the United States.
Third. What has been the whole number of troops in
Mexico belonging to the regular army of the United States
since the 13th May, 1848.
Fouith, What is the number of troops now in Mexico.
Fi/fhi What has been the whole ntimber of officers and
men helongmsj either to -the regular army or the volunteers
who have been killed or died of wounds received in battle
since the 7th May, 1846.
Sixth. What has been the whole number of officers and
men of the regular armv or volunteers wounded in battle
since the 7th May, 1846, who have not died of their
wounds.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of extendmgthe
bencfitof the provision of the act of 3d of March, 1845, en-
titled a An Act renewing ceitain naval pensions for. tbe
term of five years," to all pensions of a similar kind which
have expired since the passage of the act of 3d of March,
1847.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom had been referred
the joint resolution in favor of David Shaw and
Solomon T. Corser, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom had been referred
the documents relating to the claim of Thomas
Rhodes, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Commo-
dore Foxall A. Parker, of the United States Navy;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from tbe Committee on Na-
val Affaiis, reported a bill to provide for the ap-
pointment of assistant pursers in the navy ; which
was read the first and second times by unanimous
consent, and the further consideration thereof post-
poned until Monday.
[This bill authorizes the President of the United
States to appoint, by warrant, twelve assistant
pursers, whose compensation shall be §500 while
on furlough or waiting orders, §750 while on shore
duty, and $1,000 while on sea service. They are
to be subject to all the rules aad regulations of the
service; to give bond to the Secretary of the Navy
in a sum not less than §10,000; and from arid after
two years from the passage of this act, all appoint-
ments of pursers to be made, from assistant purs-
ers.]
Agreeably to notice, Mr. JOHNSON, of Loui-
siana, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
to continue the pensions of certain widows; which
was read the first and second times, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Commutes on Pen-
sions.
[The object of this bill is to continue in force the
act of 17th June, 1844, for five years longer, from
and after the 3d March, 1848.]
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives
have passed a bill making an appropriation to
supply in part a deficiency in the appropriation for
subsistence in kind of the army and volunteers
during the year ending the 30th June, 1847.
The said bill having been read a first and second
time, by unanimous consent, was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. CRITTENDEN
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to pro-
vide for the purchase of the manuscript papers of
the late James Madison, former President of the
United States.
The bill having been read a first time—
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired that it might have
a second reading, with a view to reference.
The bill was then read a second time.
[This biil allows for all the unpublished manu-
script papers of the late James Madison §25,000;
$5,000 of said sum to be paid to her, and the re-
maining §20.000 to the Secretaries of State and
Navy and Richard Smitb, to be invested in the
most advantageous manner for her benefit, and the
interest to be paid over to her as it accrues; the
same to be inalienable during her lifetime as a per-
manent fund for her maintenance, but subject to
be disposed of as she may please by her last will
and testament.] -
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked, that he did not
know which would be the most appropriate com-
mittee to which to refer the bill; he supposed the
Committee on the Library.
