68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
Mr. BERRIEN. If the honorable Senator will
permit I will observe} that this bill, at the last
session, passed this body almost without a dissent-
ing voice, at least by a very decided majority.
There was a very decided expression of the will
of the Senate to make the purchase of these papers
for the benefit of the venerable and estimable lady
to whom they belong, and I do really hope that the
feeling of the Senate will prompt them to dispense
with the ordinary formal mode of reference to a
committee; and with their permission I will move
that the bill be now put upon its passage.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 should be most happy
if such a course should be taken, and perhaps
there will be no objection on the part of the Sen-
ate. The bill is, in principle, exactly the same as
that which passed at the last session. Accord-
ing to the arrangement with Mrs. Madison and
some of her friends, and reduced to the form of a
special contract, placed in my possession, it was
agreed, that if the purchase of these papers should
be made by Congress, only §5,000 of the purchase
money was to be paid into her hands at present;
the residue of §20,000 to be placed in the hands of
Mr. Buchanan', Secretary of State, Mr. Mason,
Secretary of the Navy, and Richard Smith, Esq.,
a respectable citizen of the District: to be held by
them as her trustees, and to be used by them for
her benefit; to be invested in stocks or otherwise,
according to their best discretion, for her interests;
to be inalienable during her lifetime, to constitute
a perpetual fund for her maintenance, and subject
to be disposed of only by her last will and testa-
ment. These are the provisions of the contract.
Mr. President, I do not propose to occupy the
time of the Senate further than to remark, that I
hold in my hand an able report made by a Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, of which
a distinguished member of that body—now no
more—the late Mr. Dromgoole—was the Chair-
man, in which the papers are classified and de-
scribed in such a manner as to convince every one
who appreciates the character of Mr. Madison for
virtue and wisdom, of their great value and im-
portance to this country. Nothing, indeed, could
come from the pen of Mr. Madison that would not
be a precious relic in the eyes of the people of the
United States. No statesman moTe judicious,
more pure, more temperate, than he, has ever ap-
peared in the political annals of this country.
These are writings and memorials which will ac-
quire additional value from the hand of time; they
are not of that trifling and ephemeral character
that will pass away, or whose value will be ex-
hausted and forgotten in a moment. They are
" for all time." They are the productions of a
man living at a most important period in the
history of this country, and a man who was him-
self one of the great founders of our institutions—
one of the principal architects in electing the
mighty structure of this Republic.
It is to some extent to be attributed to the in-
fluence of his mighty work and most comprehen-
sive mind that we hold our seats this day, and
that this Government exists. Everything said
and everything done by such a man must be
calculated to reflect light upon our institutions;
must be worthy to be read, to be studied, sir, and
followed as an example by us, and handed down
to our children—not merely the printed volumes,
but the manuscript, in his own writing, to which
we may point, and lay up forever in the reposito-
ries of the treasury.
I am one of those who believe, sir, that a letter
of Mr. Madison's, in manuscript, one hundred
and fifty years hence, will be worth more than
whole volumes of ordinary printed works. The
cost will be nothing m comparison with their
valu e.
There are other considerations applicable to this
subject, that are better understood than they can
be expressed, by every member of this body. I
shall say no more in reference to them; but when
I consider the character of those works—their im-
portance to the people of the United States—when
I consider the character of the estimable lady to be
benefited and to receive the value which we are to
give for these papers, it seems to me, sir, that we
will perform at once a public duty and a graceful
act, in making the coming year happy to her who
yet remains tiie relict of one who contributed so
largely to make this mighty country what it is. I
hope, therefore, that the motion made against the
reference will be adopted, and that the Senate will
now at once proceed to act finally upon this bill. j
If there be gentlemen, as there may be, who are jl
opposed, upon principle, to the passage of such a i;
law, I hope that they will be satisfied to discharge i!
what they consider to be their duty, by voting Sj
against it—conscientiously and honorably as I 11
know they will, if they vote at all—but that they
will allow the friends of the measure to bring it to
a final vote, by permitting the bill now to be put
on its passage.
Mr. NILES. I hope the bill will have its usual
reference.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will withdraw the mo- jj
tion for the passage of the bill, if the Senator from r
Connecticut means to oppose it. \-
Mr. ALLEN. What is'the question before the j;
Senate. 'i
The PRESIDING OFFICER explained that ||
the bill had been read a second time, and the ques- 'j
tion was on taking it up as in committee of the Jj
whole. %
Mr. NILES. I have the floor, I believe, sir.
I hope this bill will be referred to the committee.
I think that this is not a subject to be acted npon
without due consideration. This thing seems to
be increasing upon us, and it is difficult to say-
where it is to end. If this bill is intended to au-
thorize the purchase of valuable manuscripts con-
nected with the history of this country, it certainly
requires consideration, and, more than almost any-
other subject, demands the action of a committee.
We do not know what those manuscripts are.
We know something certainly of the character of
Mr. Madison; we all have a just estimation of
that; but we know not what these papers are—
whether they consist of correspondence; whether
they are his private journals, or what they are.
Wc know nothing at all about them. And I beg
leave to remind the Senate that we have already
purchased what was supposed to be the most val-
uable part of the papers of Mr. Madison. We i
purchased them, sir, at an expense of thirty-five
thousand dollars. I happened to be here at that
time, and supposed we had purchased everything
of any value connected with the history of the
country—everything that was at all necessary to
be preserved. But it now appears that every-
thing valuable has been kept back; and after we
make this second purchase, we may be called upon
in after years to purchase what will still remain.
Where this course of proceeding is to end, it is
certainly difficult to foresee, if we are to be called
on to make these appropriations for the heirs or
widows of all our distinguished men. I hope the
reference will be made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If it would be proper
for me, I would be very glad to occupy a moment
—not more—in reading a description of 'these
papers as contained in the report made by Mr.
Dromgoole. The honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, if I understand hmi aright, said that we
do not know what these papers are. They are
these :
Volume l*t. The papers relating to the Articles of Con-
federation and Constitution of Viraima; letters of James
Madison to Jefferson, Monroe, Pendleton, Randolph, Wash-
ington, and Madison, senior, up to the commencement of
the new government, with appendix containing notes of con-
federacies and confederation.
Volume 2d. The letters of the above named and others,
duungthe administrations of Washington and Adams; re-
publican vi pw of the policy of tho.se administrations; notes
of conventions and paper* connected with hi.s confidential
intercouise with Washington; his character; and explana-
tion of the enigma in Giles's, impeachment of Hamilton.
Volume 3d. The letter-! to foreign ministers and diplo-
matic functionaries, heads of departments, military and naval
commandeis, Presidents and ex-Presidents Jefferson and
or to include the wnole correspondence with Jefferson and
Monroe, as may he necessary to fill the volume; show-in*
the pohev of these administrations. =
Volume 4th. Letters and wij tings on constitutional sub-
jects.
Volume 5th. Essays and letters on political economy. law
of nations, juridical, historical, natural history, See., 'mav
make out this volume—may include also printed e«sa\s in
French, political observations in 1795, and examination of
British doctimc, &c.; tome essays to he found with the pa-
pers relating to Washington ; and possibly this fund and
what may be taken from the miscellaneous mass, may make
the 5th and 6th volumes, and leave the miscellaneous for
the 7th.
Volume 6th. Miscellaneous.
This will give an adequate idea of the deep in- .
terest of these papers. I know perfectly well that I
it is the honest conviction of my friend"from Con- I
necticut which produces his opposition. It is an 1
opposition, I am sure, contrary to his own feel-
ings. A sense of duty alone impels him, for which
I have the greatest possible respect; but I hope
that upon reconsideration of this matter, and after
this information as to the character of the papers,
the honorable gentleman will be satisfied with
such opposition as he may feel constrained to
make by his vote, and allow us to act upon the
bill.
Mr. NILES. If it be the wish of the Senate to
act upon the bill at this time, I will withdraw my
motion for reference, and merely ask that tive
question be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. SEVIER. I hope the honorable Senator
will postpone this bill for a day or two, until we
look into it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, if the Sena-
tor wishes it. I have no objection.
Mr. SEVIER. I move its postponement until
Monday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And let it be made the
special order of the day for that day?
Mr. SEVIER. Certainly.
The further consideration of the bill was ac-
cordingly postponed, and it was made the special
order of the day for Monday next.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the bill be printed
as a matter of course ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. SEVIER. The Senator from Kentucky
referred to a report containinga description of the
papers. I wish to have that report printed also,
i hope it will be printed with the bill.
The question was taken on printing the report*
and it was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
THE LATE GENERAL HAMER.
The following message was received from the-
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk.
" Mr. President : I am directed to inform the
Senate of the death of the Hon. Thomas L. Ha-
mer, a Representative elect from the State of Ohio,
and of the proceedings of the House of Repre-
sentatives thereupon."
The resolutions adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives having been read,
Mr. ALLEN rose and addressed the Senate as.
follows :
Mr. Prestdentt : On the first day of July of the
past year, this body confirmed the nomination of
Thomas L. Hamer, of Ohio, to the rank of briga-
dier general, in the army of the United States. The
announcement just made by the House, to theSen-
1 ate, informs us officially, that that eminent citizen
has ceased to live. The event of his death occur-
red at Monterey, in Mexico, on the second day of
December last; and was, therefore, known to us,
individually, long ago; but, by the rules observed
on these mournful occasions, it could not be offi-
cially noticed till now, he having been a member
elect to the present, not a member of the then sit-
ting Congress.
But a short time previously to his death, Gen-
eral Hamer had passed along the line of battle,
amidst all its dangers, exerting his intellect, his
I courage, and address, in aiding to achieve the third
| victory of our arms over the public enemy. He
j came out of that conflict unhurt, and with a vigor
j of constitution which justified the hope that he
I might be able, yet again, to exeit his genius and
J valor, in upholding the rights of his country, and
- the honor of its flag. But otherwise was it order-
ed, and he retired from the battle-ground—the com-
mon resort of death—only to find it in one of those
, diseases ever incident to the multitudinous life of
1 the camp, and which are known, in military annals,
; to be but little more sparing of the lives of men,.
| than the unsparing sword itself.
j To say that his death was a public loss, would
I be to speak truly, but to speak less than the
j truth. The death of that man, at any time, and in
■ any state of public affairs, would have been a loss
| to his countiy, and a great one. But his death at
I that time, and in the then existing exigencies of
« the public, service, was a national privation not to
' be appreciated, save by those who knew the pecu-
I liar character of the man, and its happy adaptation
to such exigencies.
