70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 97, 1847.
The Journal having been read-
Mr. BRADBURY, of Maine, rose and address-
ed the Senate as follows :
Mr. President : I rise for the performance of
a duty too painful for language to describe.
One who was with us in this cbamberat the last
meeting of the Senate, attending to his official du-
ties, assisting in our deliberations, and as confi-
dently looking forward to the future as those who
are now present, has suddenly fallen in our midst.
He is now numbered with the dead.
Four times has the Senate already been called,
during the few days of its session, to manifest the
last tokens of respect for the honored dead, who
have been prevented from entering upon the field
of their labors in the present Congress. JVoic, the
destroyer has entered these halls, and struck down
his victim before our eyes.
The Hon. Johs Fairfield is no more. He
died at his lodgings in this city on Friday last.
The sudden and startling announcement of his
death preceded the intelligence of danger.
On the morning of that day he was 111 his usual
health, and met his friends with his accustomed
cheerfulness and cordiality. At noon he submit-
ted to a surgical operation, to which, with un-
doubting confidence, he had looked for relief from
an infirmity under which he had labored. His
physical energies were not equal to his fortitude
and courage. His system sank under the unabated
anguish which followed, and at twenty minutes
before eight o'clock in the evening, in the full pos-
session of his mind, lie breathed his last. Scarcely
had the friends that were with him anticipated
danger, when his pure spirit took its flight.
From an affliction so appalling it is difficult to
divert attention, even to contemplate for a mo-
ment the life and character of the deceased. Gov-
ernor Fairfield was born at Saco, in the county
of York, Maine, January 30, 1797. In that place
he has ever resided. Distinguished by an ardent
love of knowledge, an active mind, and great
strength of purpose, on arriving at manhood he
devoted himself to the study qf the law, and enter-
ed a profession which has contributed its full share
in the establishment and defence of constitutional
liberty. >At the bar he soon acquired such reputa-
tion that he received from the Executive of the
State the appointment of Reporter of the Decisions
of the Supreme Judicial Court.
While in the successful performance of the du-
ties of this office, he was called by the electors of
the first Congressional district, without solicitation
or desire on his pa"rt, to take his place in the coun-
cils of the nation as a Representative in Congress.
He received a reelection; and it is well known
that he discharged the responsible duties devolved
upon him on trying occasions in a manner alike
honorable to himself and to his constituents.
His services were now demanded in a different
sphere. He was elected Governor of his native
State; and so strong was his hold upon the confi-
dence and regard of the people that he was thrice
reelected to the same exalted station. It was du-
ring this period of his public life, when great and
unusual responsibilities were thrown upon him as
the Chief Exacutive of the State, growing out of
collisions with a foreign Power, that lie displayed
a decision and firmness of character winch command-
ed the respect and fixed upon him the attention of
the whole country. lie became, emphatically, the
favorite of his State; and he was now transferred
from its Executive chair to a seat upon this floor,
to fill a vacancy created by the resignation of his
predecessor. In 1845 he received a reelection to
the Senate, for the term of six yeais. It may be
remarked, as a singular fact, that in all the offices
he has held he has never served out the regular
term, but has been transferred, by promotion, to a
higher place.
To you, Mr. President, who knew him well,
and to the Senators long associated with him, and
united by the ties of respect and friendship, I need
not speak of his honorable career in this body.
You will bear witness to the sound judgment
and ready zeal which he brought to the discharge
of his varied duties: to that honesty of purpose
which knows no guile; to that frankness and sin-
cerity incapable of concealment; to that firmness
of resolution which no difficulties could shake,
nor dangers overcome; and to that purity of life,
and conscientious regard to his convictions of right,
which distinguished him as a man and a Chris-
tian.
How happily these qualities were blended in his
character is known to you; how justly they were
appreciated by the people of his native State is
seen in the confidence they yielded and the honors
they bestowed.
As a friend, he was devoted and sincere; and
few there are who have secured the attachment of
a wider circle, or bound them by stronger ties of
affection. His loss to the public, to his friends,
and, above all, to his deeply afflicted family, what
words can express? I cannot attempt it now.
He has left behind, his example, his character,
and the influence of his actions; and, in his sud-
den death, the admonition is again repeated, that
V public honors and exalted station add no strength
to the tenure by which life is held."
Mr. NILES, of Connecticut, then addressed the
Senate as follows :
Mr. President • On this melancholy occasion,
as probably no other member of the Senate has
had so long and intimate an acquaintance with him
whose decease has just been announced, I hope to
be pardoned for adding a few words to what has
so appropriately been said by his colleague. In
closing the remarks which but a few days ago it
became my duty to make in announcing the death
of my late colleague, I took occasion to remind
Senators of the little and brief interest which we
have, individually, in the exciting questions that
may be agitated here. I then little thought that
the first example of that obvious truth would come
so soon, or so near home to myself—fhat it would
be found m one of my oldest and most intimate
associates here. We came into the public coun-
cils here together twelve years ago, and although
our associations were interrupted for a few years,
they were renewed on my returning to the Senate
at the commencement of my present term. I then
came not at the commencement of the session, but
ill the spring, and under circumstances which may
be fresh ill the memories of some Senators present.
I was then hut the broken fragment of the man I
was when I left the Senate a few years before.
Learning that two of my old friends and asso-
ciates were together in the house where I now
am, I joined them there. Those friends were Si-
las Wright and John Fairfield, both much
younger than myself, and then both in full health,
and with a fair prospect of a long career of public
usefulness. But how inscrutable are the ways of
Proiidence! They have both been removed, in the J
midst of their days and usefulness, from this world
of conflict and trouble; whilst I, who had seem-
ingly but a frail hold upon the mere selvage of
life, have been spared to witness their departure.
The death of the first was a severe stroke to
me, as it was to the whole country. Perhaps in
our whole history no man has fallen in private life
whose death produced so deep, so universal a
sensation in the public mind. And the death of
the second has been to me a blow equally severe,
and in some respects more trying to my feelings,
as I was with him at the time, and witnessed the
last ebbing pulsations of departing life. The cir-
cumstances of his death, too—so sudden, so un-
expected, and apparently so causeless—added a
crushing weight to the severity of the shock." He
died without a struggle, and I might almost say
with a smile on his countenance, as his soul took its
departure from its earthly tabernacle. A long and
intimate acquaintance with Governor Fairfield
has enabled me justly, I think, to appreciate his
character, both in his public and private relations;
but this is not the time nor the place to attempt to
delineate it, as any hasty efforts of mine would
evidently do great injustice to his memory.
If he was not a brilliant star in our political
galaxy, he was all he claimed to be—a plain, un-
assuming man, never attempting to shine or to
attract attention to himself, but, with his strong
sense, sound judgment, and practical views, was
content with an honest and faithful discharge of
his public duties.
The strong points in his character were sincerity
and fidelity. If ever occasions have occurred in
his tune which tried the souls of men, he was one
who was found "faithful among the faithless:"
true to his constituents, true to his country, faith-
ful to his party, faithful to his friends, and ever
true to his principles.
His nature was gentle, kind, peaceful, and be-
nevolent—apparently but little fitted for the fierce
struggles and conflicts of political life. But with
these qualities were united great energy of charac-
ter, great steadiness of purpose, and no ordinary
share of physical and moral courage. He com-
bined also many of the higher and more substan-
tial elements of popularity; and hence it was, as
we have just been told, that he for many years
possessed that strong hold upon the confidence
and affections of his constituents, and of his
friends, whether in or out of the State.
I could enlarge upon this theme with the warmth
and ardor with which we all delight to dwell on
the virtues of deceased friends, which, like the set-
ting sun, seem to shine brighter as they take their
departure.- But I will say no more. He is gone;
another star has fallen. He is removed from
among us, at the very time when men like him, of
matured judgment, of subdued passions, of peace-
ful wisdom, are most wanted in our public coun-
cils. The places that once knew him here and
elsewhere—in the councils of the nation, in the
councils of his State, in the circles of his friends,
and in the family circle—(hut that is a spot too
sacred for me to intrude upon)—will know him no
more forever. But may we not hope that his vir-
j tues and examples will long, long be cherished and
remembered as the last legacy he has left his coun-
try.
Mr. WILES concluded by offering the following
resolutions :
Resolved, unanimously, That a committee be appointed by
tbe Vice President to take order lor superintending the fu-
neral of the Hon. John Fairfield, which will take place
to-morrow at twelve o'clock meridian, and that the Senate
will attr ltd the &ame.
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire ot showing eveiy mark of respect due
to the memory of the Hon. John Fairfield, deceased, late
a member thereof, wilt go into mourning for turn one inoniti,
by the usual mode of wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved, unanimously, That, as ail additional mark of re-
spect for the memory of tiie Hon. John Fairfield, the
Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed tbe fol-
lowing Senators as of the Committee of Arrange-
ments : Messrs. Niles, Berrien, Breese, Dix,
Crittenden, and Greene.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 27, 1847.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
FOREIGN SILVER COINS.
The select committee appointed under the reso-
lution moved on the 20th instant by Mr. Truman
Smith, to inquire into and ascertain the average
value of the foreign silver coins in circulation in
the United States which usually pass for one-
eighth and one-sixteenth of a dollar, and to con-
sider what measures should be adopted to substi-
tute for such coins the dimes and half dimes of the
United Stales, consists of the following members:
Messrs. JrLius Rock well, Thibodeaux, Murphy,
Charles Brown, and Green Adams.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.
The following members constitute the joint
committee on the part of the House on Congres-
sional printing, appointed on the 22d instant, viz:
Messrs. Conger, Henley, and J. B. Thompson.
CLERKS IN THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion. Mr. J. said lie was not certain but that this
was the first timehe had craved the indulgence of the
House for such a purpose. He was sure that the
resolution would meet the approbation of nearly
every member and of their constituents. He
therefore moved the following preamble and reso-
lution:
Whereas there aie now some nine thousand applications
for bountv land and treasury sctip, under the act of Febru-
ary 11, 1847, on file in the Pension Oflice,not yet examined,
and the number d.iiiy increasing, (besides a laice number
of eases which have been partially examined andsu>pended
for want of additional proof, which cannot, with the pres-
ent clerks employed in that office, be deposed of with the
other business of the office m the next twelve months!,)
causing great delay in adjudicating (hose claims and mani-
fest injustice to the claimants: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instiucfed to inquire into the expediency and propiiety
of authorizing the Secretary of War to employ such addi-
tional number of clerks in the Pension Office, temporarily,
as the p-usrencies of that office and the rights of applicants
demand; and that the committee be requested to report by
bill or otherwise, at the earliest practicable day.
