76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
committee might select, I would be entirely will-
ing; but I would be very unwilling to give the ben-
efit of this legacy to a stranger. I am entirely in
favor of giving it to Mrs. Madison herself; but
how far I would give her the power of disposing of
it by will, I am not now prepared to say. I say
to the Senator from Kentucky that I would be will-
ing to give $5,000 down, and the remainder ofthe
$25,000 in trust for her during her life time; and if
the papers are worth more than that sum, I would
go so far as to select from the papers so much of
them as will amount to that value, leaving the
rest to rise in value, as I believe they undoubt-
edly will, ami to be purchased hereafter, in case
it be deemed expedient. I firmly believe that
these papers will be loolced to in future times
with much interest, and with great advantage, both
to the statesman and the scholar, and I do not wish
to deprive the widow of Mr.Madison ofthe bene-
fit which she may ultimately derive from their in-
creased value; but to give her the right to dispose
of the purchase money by will, perhaps to an utter
stranger, is a thing to which i am not prepared to
consent.
Mr. BERRIEN. If this money is to be consid-
ered as a gratuity to Mrs. Madison, and for which
no value is received, I would very readily agree
with the suggestion ofthe honorable Senator from
South Carolina, that that which is designed as a
gratuity should be personal to her, enjoyed during
her life, and terminate at her death. But if, as I
suppose to be the case, it is a purchase of papers
conceded by the honorable Senator, and felt I
presume by the great majority of the Senate, to
be of great and increasing value, as containing the
opinions of one of the most enlightened statesmen
of the early days of this Republic—if it is to be
considered as a contract between the Government
and Mrs. Madison as the possessor and propuetor
of these papers, for which value is given, then I
submit to my honorable friend that the money which
is so given is no longer the money ofthe Govern-
ment, but becomes the money of the other party
to the contract, and subject exclusively to her dis-
posal. Sir, the provisions in this bill are not in-
troduced'from any idea that this is a gratuity, but
that for the sum which it is proposed to appropri-
ate we receive a valuable consideration. I suggest,
then, whethei it would be proper that we should
place any restraint upon the disposition of the
money after its ownership has thus been changed,
and I should hope that the honorable Senator, after
witnessing the expression of the decision on the
part of a majority of the Senate, that this bill
should be allowed to pass, would not persevere in
opposing its passage at this time, in order that it
may avoid encountering the fate which it met at the
last session in consequence of unnecessary delay.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not had time to exam-
ine the manuscripts, nor am I convinced that Con-
gress ought to purchase the whole of them at this
time; and I believe also, as has been already sug-
gested, that these manuscripts will bccome more
valuable hereafter, and I desire that Mrs. Madison
shall receive the full benefit of her illustrious hus-
band's works. I would be perfectly willing, as I
have said already, to give Mrs. Madison all that
she desires during her lifetime for such papers as
may be selected by a committee. In this way
everything that is necessary will be accomplished;
but J must repeat, that if the bill be forced upon me
as it stands, I shall very reluctantly (for it is con-
trary to my disposition to oppose a matter of this
kind) be compelled to vote against it; for I am
not now prepared to vote for it, and I am not wil-
ling to be forced into a vote before I am prepared.
I only ask time to examine the matter, and it may
be when I have made that examination, that I will
yieid up my objections, but I cannot give them up
without an opportunity of satisfying myself in re-
gard to them, for I should distrust myself in such
a case as this, lest my teelmgs should get the bet-
ter of my judgment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I certainly had hoped
that the Senator would be content to yield his op-
position atter witnessing the manifest disposition
of the Senate that the bill should pass. If the
honorable Senator persists in his desire for the
postponement until to-morrow, I will acquiesce.
Mr. BUTLER. I do desire its postponement,
and perhaps I may give up my objections. [ have
not had time, or if I had, I have not availed my-
self of it, to examine the subject so as to enable
me to vote intelligently.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman desires
the postponement, I shall not resist it, for the bill
will, I suppose, come up of necessity to-mor-
l'OW.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I desire to make an expla-
nation, in order to relieve myself from the imputa-
tion of inconsistency in voting, as I intend, against
this bill, unless it be altered, in view of the vote
which I gave at the last session.
The bill of last session proposed to give Mrs.
Madison the same sum, twenty thousand dollars,
to be invested in stocks for her use, and five thou-
sand dollars to be paid to her immediately. I had
no objection to that bill. I regarded that pay-
ment not as a gift or a pension, but as a considera-
tion for the papers, which were well worth the
money to the American public. My objection to
the present bill is, that it creates trustees to take
care of the fund for Mrs. Madison by act of Con-
gress. There is no precedent for the creation
of such officers. It is a dangerous precedent. I
doubt the power, and have no doubt of the impro-
priety of such legislation by Congress. Congress
has a right to purchase, but no right to fetter the
payment of the consideration-money with the con-
dition that it shall be vested in trustees. This is
the first case of the kind since the adoption of the
Constitution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, (in his seat.) It was at
the request of Mrs. Madison that such an arrange-
ment was made.
Mr. WESTCOTT. That doeS not alter the
case with me. Her consent would no doubt be
given to a donation in any form as a matter of
course. I object to the establishment of such a
precedent, after which any person having a claim
before Congress can make an arrangement for the
appointment of trustees, and thus defraud bona fide
creditors. If it were a mere gratuity, the objec-
tion would not apply; but as this is a considera-
tion paid for the papers, the objection is with me
insuperable. I cannot vote for the bill in its pres-
ent form, although I have no objection, constitu-
tional or otherwise, to giving the money in con-
sideration for the papers out-and-out to Mrs.
Madison.
Mr. BADGER. If I understood correctly the
remarks which have been made by the honorable
Senator from Florida, he has said that he voted
for the bill of last session, but if pressed to vote on
the present bill, he will vote against it for certain
reasons which he has assigned. Now, if I rccol-
i ceive it, both agree to a certain disposition of it,
| how is it possible that there can be any constitu-
i tional difficulty? If Congress have the right to
j buy the papers, and pay away the money, cer-
j tainly it has a right, with consent of the seller of
| the papers, to make such disposition of the money
! as may be agreed upon. Where, I again ask, is
! the difficulty? Why,Mrs. Madison may dispose
! of the principal fund by her will, and in conse-
' quence of this arrangement, the honorable Sena-
tor supposes that the just claims of creditors may
be evaded.
Mr. WESTCOTT, (in his seat.) It is tying
l up the fund.
Mr. BADGER. What principle of constitution-
j al law is opposed to "tying up the fund?" What
principle of common law is opposed to it? How-
| e.vei, sir, the bill is, I believe, to stand over, and i
will not detain the Senate. Indeed, I should not
have made any remarks at all on the subject,
had it not been for the observations of the Senator
from Florida; but aware of his distinguished legal
reputation, I was afraid, lest it might go out that
we were doing some strange things here, and that
by our legislation we were about to disregard the
obligations of debtors. It seems to me, as the hon-
orable gentleman from Florida knows very well,
that where a person has a power to be exercised,
according to his best will and discretion, he must
exercise it, if he do so at all, for the benefit of cred-
itors. This is, therefore, the most beneficial form
in which control over this fund could be exercised.
The interest is to be given to this venerable relict
of a most distinguished man; and at her death she
will have an opportunity of bestowing that fund
which has produced the interest, on the objects of
her regarcT—on those who have lingered around
her dying bed, and ministered to her in her declin-
ing years, and to whom she would be, therefore,
disposed to leave a memorial of her kindness and
testimony of her gratitude.
For one, I was sorry that my honorable friend
from South Carolina felt it to be his duty—acting,
as I know he did, from the purest and most hon-
orable motives—to make the slightest objection to
the passage of this bill. A similar bill was passed
| at the last session by a decided vote. This is one
| of those cases in which it may be truly said, that
| in order that this act may be really kind, it ought
' to be done promptly—early. The subject has been
; fully considered—the sense of the Senate has been
fully declared—and never was there a case, as it ap-
lect the terms of the bill winch passed the Senate !, pears to me, in which we could with more propriety.
1-.TT o .l.„  ' - - I < rt ! T7- . 1 . V , 1
by a very large majority at the last session, it was
liable to the objections stated by the honorable
gentleman from Florida in a still higher degree
than they can be possibly supposed to apply to the
present bill. If I recollect aright the provisions of
the bill of last session, it actually went so far as to
preclude Mrs. Madison from anticipating any of
the coming payments on account of interest before
they should fall due. But what are the objections
that it is an act of Congress creating trustees, and
' as was said by my friend from Kentucky, the other
day, convert this into a New-Year's arrangement;
; shedding joy and gladness over the declining days
; of one so much esteemed for her own sake, as well
j as being the relict of so eminent a citizen of this
; Republic.
; But under the rule, I suppose the subject lies
! over; and I will not trouble the Senate with any
additional remarks.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The honorable gentleman
on which the honorable gentleman calls in ques- i! from North Carolina has totally misconceived me;
t10" ® rlght of Congress to pass such a bill? j; but as it is suggested that this bill will come up
With very great respect to the opinion of the i again to-morrow, I shall defer any further re-
honorable gentleman—and certainly, as a lawyer, :'i marks.
as well as on other grounds, his opinion is entitled rl
to the highest consideration—it does seem to me
that he has presented an entirely new phase of
constitutional difficulty. Congress proposes to
j buy from Mrs. Madison certain papers, and the
j bill assumes that these papers are worth twenty- , wlli(jll wa
! five thousand dollars, which sum Congress pro- ![ agreed to"
1 poses to pay to the proprietor of these papers, to !: ™•
bp hp]d fnr hf.,- • . .. rps Q ■ ( 1 ', Resolved, 1 hat the Committee on Mihtary Affairs be in-
be held for hei inteiest. The propnetoi of these h stmcted toinqmre intothe justice and propriety of providing
| papers is willing, and desires that payment should r for tlie fulfilment ofthe contract, entered into by She ticcre-
. be made to her in the following manner: That of i1 F:t'-V °! W;ir, on the 12th day of March, 1839, under the au-
! shoulrbe^ald6 toXT' ^'TI ?T^
.should be paid to her immediately, and the re- j; the purchase of the island at the confluence of the St. re-
maining twenty thousand should be put in the ij ter'a and Mississippi rivers."
hands of three gentlemen, to be held by them, by ij Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
the last survivor, and „„,i i. tjonj which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
On motmn by Mr. BUTLER, it was
j Ordered, That the further consideration ofthe bill be posfc-
I poned until to-mori ow.
j RESOLUTIONS.
I Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent and
the last survivor, and executors, and administra-
tors of the last survivor, upon trust; who will pay
to her the interest; with power to her to dispose
of the principal sum by her last,will and testa-
ment. Where is the constitutional'objection here?
The money, according to this contract, that would
be coming to, and be due to Mrs. Madison after
the five thousand dollars are paid, and that to be
paid into the hands of certain trustees, was the
money of the Government, and would become the
money of Mrs. Madison. Well, if the party who
is to give the money, and the party who is to re-
i, Resolved, That the Committee nn Public Lands be in-
I i strutted to inquire into the expediency of allowing to the
j: Registers and Receivers or the several land offices, for their
■, services under thy ninth scchon of the act of the 11th Feb-
|, ruary last, the same compensation as is now allowed by law
. when money is paid on the entry and purchase of land.
jj Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
II and agreed to:
jj Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
!l structed to inquire into the expediency of allowinga reason-
