THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR fe RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session
a word in relation to this matter at this time; but
it has been my misfortune not to have read the
message of the President as have those Senators
who have already addressed you. I suppose, sir,
that this message lias been drafted with some care,
and with some reference to the rules of grammati-
cal construction. If I remember aright a rule that
is laid down by Lindlay Murray, it is, that the
perfect tense not only represents nn action as pass-
ed and finished, but contains a direct allusion to
the present time. What is the language of the
President? " It has never been contemplated by
' me as an object of the war to make a permanent
' conquest of the Republic of Mexico, or to annihi-
•late her separate existence as an independent na-
' tion." It seems to me that there is here a most
pregnant allusion to the present time. It appears
that the Administration has be°;un to entertain a
different notion, and I q.m confirmed in this belief
by looking at another p.issage in the message,
where the President says :
" If, after affording this encouragement and
' protection, and after all the persevering and sin-
' cere efforts we have made from the moment Mex-
' ico commenced the war, and prior to that time,
' to adjust our differences with her, we shall ulti-
' mately fail, then we shall have exhausted all hon-
' orable means in pursuit of peace, airtl must con-
'tinue to occupy her country with our troops,
' taking the full measure of indemnity into our
' own hands, and must enforce the terms which
' our honor demands."
He does not tell us how much it will take to fill
his hands or satisfy his honor, but he tells us that we
have possession of New Mexico and California
flow; but he fails to inform us how much more ter-
ritory will be a satisfaction for the further and more
vigorous prosecution of the war which he recom-
mends. And I am the more desirous of saying a
word at this time by reason of theintimation which
has been thrown out, that there are some who are
opposed to the war, and prefer manifesting that op-
position .on an abstract resolution, and who yet
will not take the responsibility of opposing the
measures which the President recommends. Sir,
i do not know but that my ideas may be peculiar
upon this subject; but I believe that the was was
commenced ill falsehood, and prosecuted in^injus-
tice, and that the institutions of the United States
are in more danger at this moment of annihilation
than those of Mexico; and I have no sympathy
with those gentlemen who tell us that this measure
has no connection with the origin of the war. I
think it has everything to do with it, and I would
like to see gentlemen who think otherwise solve
this problem, and inform us how long it will take,
in the manner we are going on, to arrive at the
end of the war.
I would that they would tell us how long must
we persevere in a wrong cause before we sha^l
come out right.
I would be glad if they would tell us another
thing. I would like to hear them demonstrate to
us how much better it is to conquer a peace than
to keep a peace. Conquer a peace ! that seems to
be a sort of magical phrase, and the course recom-
mended to effect it reminds me of the manner
of treating a patient pursued by an old Spanish
physician, who fancied that by letting blood and
administering warm water, he could cure all dis-
eases. In proceeding with this practice, it was
found that his patients all died; the Doctor six id
that the reason was because he did not take enough
blood from them. He took more from his next
patients, and they continued to die, and upon a
consultation as to whether some other mode of
treatment might not be attended with better re-
sults, he said he would listen to the recommenda-
tion for a change of treatment, if he had not writ-
ten a book upon the subject. Well, sir, the Presi-
dent has written a book, and requires of us that
we should follow it. Now, recognizing no-such
obligation as that, 1 desire that this measure may
be discussed; I desire that this subject should be
discussed fully, freely, and fairly, as embraced in
the resolutions proposed by the Senato,r from South
Carolina and the Senator from New York, and
6
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1848.
that those of the Senator from South Carolina
should take precedence of those offered by the
Senator from New York; for the resolutions of the
Senator from South Carolina relate to the question
how much territory we shall rob Mexico of; and
the Senator from New York tells us how to take
care of the spoils after we have got them. I there-
fore think that the resolutions of the Senator from
South Carolina should take precedence of those of
the Senator from New York, and that they should
both take precedence of this hill. I desire that the
question should be presented in such a manner,
that the whole country may understand it, and,
sir, it is all involved in this ten regiment bill. It
seems to me the question presented by the bill will
determine the whole matter; if wo are to o;o on
and follow the course pointed out by the President,
and give him ten regiments of regulars and twenty
of volunteers in addition, then of course this bill
is to be passed.
But if, as I believe, the war v/ns commenced in
error,-here is the place to stop; and, with my con-
sent, the first dollar shall not go from the national
treasury, until the President infoi ms us how much
he supposes will be required to bring the army
home by the shortest and cheapest route. For
this purpose he shall have money; but not, with my
vote, for continuing the war with an indefinite pur-
pose. 1 think it is time that the country should
understarfti what we are aiming at, and I think that
the belief of a great majority of the people already
is, that the war was not only a crime, but a blun-
der;, and it is this which calls attention to it more
forcibly than if it had remained simply a crime,an
unfortunate one, certainly, when viewed in the best
light. And 1 am willing that if the expression of
this view should bring ever so much opprobrium,
that it should come now. It seems to me that those
who view the policy of the Administration as a
miserable one should boldly and distinctly say so,
and vote accordingly. Let us not be guilty of the
miserable inconsistency of saying that this war is
an error, and of still voting supplies to enable the
President to carry it on. Le^Ccmgress, on whom
the responsibility rests, and to whom the country
will look in this matter, take the war into their
own hands, and declare distinctly and unequivo-
cally to the country what they intend, and what
they desire.
I do not knfcw that there is a single member on
this floor who sympathizes with me in the view
which I take, but I believe that this war marks the
age as barbarous, and that we "are vastly more in
danger of bringing ruin and destruction upon our
own institutions, than those of the country with
which we are at war. I want the question pre-
sented boldly, not by way of problem or mere ab-
straction. For one, pay mind is made up. Not the
first dollar shall the President take by my vote, for
cither regular or volunteer force, until he comes
forward and informs the country how much he
does want in order to secure an honorable peacc,
and the mode in which he proposes to effect so de-
sirable a result. Theother day, the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan told us that every manrwoman,
and child in the country knew what we wanted. I
confess I heard this assertion with some astonish-
ment; for if it be true, I could not class myself with
either man, woman, or child—fori confess I did
not know. Nor was I in the least enlightened
when the honorable Senator added that it was in-
demnity and satisfaction.
Mr. CASS. I beg the honorable Senator's par-
don; that was not my expression; indemnity and
security were the words I used.
Mr. 'HALE. Well, I have not got any light yet.
Mr. CASS. That is not my fault.
Mr. HALE. No, sir, it is owing to my opaci-
ty probably; but waiving for the present the dis-
cussion, whether it is owing to the inability of the
honorable Senator to impart, or of myself to receive
light, and to proceed: ^
Indemnity and security. Indemnity for what r
Security for what? Here endeth the first lesson.
We do not know, we are as much in the dark as
ever. I do not intend at this time -to do more than
to make these general remarks. On some future
New Series.....No. 6,
occasion I propose, not with the hope of influen-
cing the action of the Senate, but to place myseif
aright before those who have sent me here, to ex-
press my.views more fully in regard to the war,
A nd permit me to sajr here, that I think the origin
of the war lies a little deeper than any of the causes
which have been assigned by those who have
spoken upon the subject. I believe the origin of
the war lies in the avowed objeet of the American
Government to perpetuate the institution of Amer-
ican slavery. That I believe to be the true design
and purpose of this jvar; and if it had not been for
that cause we never should have had it. Believ-
ing this to be the fact, and that any exposition of
the origin and cause of this war, which stops short
of that, stops short of the truth, I shall endeavor oh
some subsequent occasion, wiihfhe indulgence of
the Senate, to satisfy the country by reference to
the official documents, that such is the origin and
purpose of the war, and to indicate my own views
of the tru'j policy to be pursued in reference thereto.
Mr. SEVIER. What is the motion now pend-
ing- ? I understand it is a motion to take up the
bill for the purpose of making it the order of the
day for Monday next. I ask the yeas and na^s
upon that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. I understand,
that the honorable Senator from Michigan has no
objection thatjthe consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Monday.
Mr. CASS. None at all; but if there is not to
be an understanding that it shall be the order of
the day for Monday, we may as well proceed to
vote upon it now.
Mr. SEVIER suggested, that if the bill were
taken up now, it might remain as unfinished busi-
ness, and would come up on Monday as a matter
of course.
The question was then put upon the motfort of
Mr. Cass to proceed to the consideration of the
bill; and, the yeas and mvys having been ordered,
it was decided in the affirmative, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
I by, linulbury, Brcese, Cass. Davis Mississippi, Dickin-
son, 0i?, Do'uelns, Feich/Foote, Ittr&j "Sevier, Sturgeon,
Tuniey, and Westcott—19. - ' * x
N'i YS—Mews, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Butier,
Calhoun, Clarke, Clayton, Oorwin, Crittenden, Greene,
Hnlc, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum, PholpA, Underwood, Upham, and Yulee—19.
The Senate being equally divided, the Vice Pres-
- idem gave the casting vote in the affirmative.
The bill having been read a second time--
Mr. MANGUM said: I hope that this bill will
be allowed to be passed over for the present. I
very much desire that it should not now be taken
un, and, above all, that the final action upon it
should not be had until all the great questions
touching the policy of the Government in regard
to the Mexican war have been discussed, and the
sense of this body in relation to them clearly as-
certained. For if we are called upon to act now,
we must act affirmatively; for I suppose there is
no one who will not be disposed- to grant what
may be deemed necessary. It will then amount
to an affirmative of the necessity for still further
prosecuting this war, the end of which no man can
foresee. For myself, sir, in case I am driven to a
vote upon a measure of this kind, before I have an
opportunity of examining into these subjects, I
shall endeavor so to vote as to throw the responsi-
bility upon the Executive, and to assume only
that degree of responsibilty which will attach to a
vote tinder such circumstances.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
< HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 30, 1847.
The Journal having been read-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose to a question
of order. On Monday last*he offered a resolution
which was received by unanimous consent; and
this, he apprehended, was virtually a suspension.
