82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
of the rules for its consideration. When the House j
adjourned, that resolution was under consideiation, j
and it seemed to him, that if the rules weie sus- |
pended they would remain suspended until it was j
disposed of. Even the morning<hour must yield to j
that resolution under the circumstances. That the
rules were suspended for its consideration by com-
mon consent was evident, for it was not in order
when he offered it, and yet it was received and
considered. He hoped, therefore, that the House
would now resume the consideration of that reso-
lution, and dispose of it.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ten-
nessee was in error. There were other reso- :
lutions on the table which had been received by :
general consent, which, however, did not neces- j
sarily take precedence. There was also the Presi- |
dent's message, with other documents, which were :
now unfinished business, although they had been '
received and partially considered, precisely as was j
the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee. !
The Chair was of opinion that the general consent j
operated only to permit its introduction, but the ,
adjournment while it was pending placed it with \
other papers received in the same manner. Since J
the other papers to which he referred had been left ,
on the table by adjournments, the regular order ;
of business had been proceeded with; and, if there
were no objection, the Chair would now resume ;
the call on the States for petitions.
No objection being made, the call for petitions
was proceeded with, commencing the call of the
States backwards, at the State where the call was
suspended on Tuesday last; and petitions were?-:
presented— '
By Mr. GOGGIN ; Of Thomas U. Welch, ad- >
ministrator of Churchill Gibbs, a revolutionary !
soldier, for balance of half pay due to his intestate: j
referred to the Committeeon Revolutionary Claims. !
Of the heirs of Colonel Charles Lewis, deceased, |
of the county of of Albemarle, for seven years half- !
pay, &c.: referred to the1 Committee on Revolu- j
tionary Claims.
By Mr. DANIEL DUNCAN: Of citizens of |
Delaware county, Ohio, praying the attention of i
Congress to the prbvisions of the treaty of Browns- |
town of 18118, and acts of Congress designed to i
carry into effect its stipulations. Of citizens of!
the counties of Sandusky, Seneca, Wyandot, i
Marion, and Delaware, for the same : referred to i
the Committee on Roads and Canals. |
By Mr. MILLER: Of Jacob BnnkerholF, and ;
other citizens of Richland county, Ohio, for the
establishment of a daily mail-route from Pitts- ;
burg, Pennsylvania, to Mansfield, Ohio: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post !
Roads. |
By Mr. DICKINSON: Ofcitizensof the county
of Sandusky, Ohio, for a mail-route from Lower |
Sandusky to Cold Creek : referred to the Commit- ;
lee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ■
By Mr. TAYLOR : Of citizens of Jackson |
county, Ohio, for a new mail-route from Jackson
Court-House to Portsmouth :-referred to the Com- |
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. |
By Mr. COOKE : Of Robert Ellis—heretofore j
presented, February 6, 1846—which was referred j
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. i
By Mr. CROZIER : Of citizens of the counties .
of Roane and McMinn, Tennessee, for a mail- '
route from Athens to Kingston, in said State : re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and ;
Post Roads. ;
By Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON: Of Rachel 1
Salts, widow of John Salts, deceased, of Green ;
county, Tennessee, for relief on account of dis- 1
abilities incurred by her late husband in the late ;
war with Great Britain : referred to the Commit- 1
tee on Invalid Pensions. j
By Mr. BOYD: Of Sarah Stokes, widow of |
John Stokes, deceased, of Graves county, Ken- j
tucky, for a pension: referred to the Committee 1
on Revolutionary Pensions. ]
By Mr. STEPHENS: Of Thomas L. Ross, I
postmaster at Macon, Georgia, for the attention of I
Congress to the reduced pay of postmasters: re- '
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and |
Post Roads. j
By Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING: Of [
Lieutenant David D, Porter, in behalf of Eliza I
Bache, widow of the late Lieutenant G. M. Bache, !
for remuneration for the property and money of '
her late husband, which were swept overboard I
from the United States brig Washington when he I
was drowned : referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
By Mr. GOGGIN: Of Thomas J. Randolph,
for Congress to purchase or publish the manu-
scripts of Thomas Jefferson, late President of the
United States : laid on the table, and the memorial
and accompanying napers ordered to be printed.
By Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE : Of citizens
of Warren county, New York, for Congress to
pass a law to continue the pensions granted to
widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers du-
ring their natural lives: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. N. K. HALL: Of the common council
of Buffalo, New York, for an appropriation o£
$400,000, for the improvement of Buffalo harbor;
and that it be passed in a separate bill for that
purpose : referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HUBBARD: Of the Legislature of
Connecticut, that if any territory shall hereafter
be acquired by the United States, or annexed
thereto, slavery or involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime, shall be forever ex-
cluded from 'such territory: referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
By Mr. PALFREY : Of Elizabeth Howe and
others, fur peace with Mexico : referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. Of Charles Hum-
phreys and 43 others, of Lancaster, Massachu-
setts, for peace with Mexico : referred to the
Committeeon Foreign Affairs?.
By Mr. GRINNELL : Of Elijah Swift and
others, of Falmouth, Massachusetts, for an appro-
priation to save the harbor of Great Wood's Hole :
referred to the Committee on Commerce. Of Bart-
lett Pease, cooper of ship Columbia, for a pension :
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Of Sylvester Bourne and others, for a buoy on'a
rock in Falmouth, Massachusetts : referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. J. d. ADAMS: Of Francis Freeman,
administrator of the estate of William H. Free-
man,deceased : referred to the Committe of Claims.
Of Esther Scolley, widow of John Scolley, a rev-
olutionary soldier and officer, for a pension : refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Of several widows of revolutionary soldiers, for a
continuance of their annuities during the terms of
their natural lives: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. Of citizens of Phila-
delphia, for reduction of postage on all newspa-
pers not containing overlive hundred square inches:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Of Jacob Kerr, in relation to several
land warrants : referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
By Mr. PEASLEE : Of William M. Leighton
and others, for remuneration for services in
WilkesJs exploring expedition : referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Petitions were also presented by Mr. ABBOTT
and Mr. ASHMUN.
SLAVERY.
Mr. TUCK presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying the passage of a law pro-
hibiting the international slave-trade: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TUCK presented the petition of Joseph
Lindsly and 70 others, citizens of Philadelphia,
praying Congress to appropriate the proceeds of
the public lands for the extinction of slavery in the
United States, and moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
Mr. GAYLE moved that the petition be laid on
the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of the Chair if a
member expressed his desire to debate the petition
it would not be laid aside under the rule ?
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Gayle] had moved that the petition be
laid on the table, and that motion was not debatable,
Mr. BRODHEAD requested Mr. Gayjle to with-
draw his motion to lay the petition on the table.
Mr. GAYLE declining to withdraw his motion—
The question was put on the motion to lay the
petition on the table, and decided by yeas and
nays—yeas 86, nays 70, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barringer, Barrow, Bayly, Bedinger, Bird-
sail, Botts, Bowdon, Boyd. Boydon. Brodhead, William G.
Biovvn, ChaiJes Brown, Buekuer, Burt, Beverly L. Clark,
Ho well Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Crozier,
Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson. Donnell, Garnett Duncan,
Alexander Evan*, Farnn, Fcatherston, Ficklm, French,
Fulton. Gayle,Gentry, Goggin,Green, Willard P. HaN.Hdtn-
moafi, Hariaaasaa, Harris, Hill, Hilliard, George a/Hous-
ton, Inge, Charles J. Ingersoil. Jamieson, Ai.drew Johnson,
James 1L Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George VV. Jones,
John VV. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thoma* Bull1 r King,
La Sere, Leftier, Lord, Lumpkjn. McCIernawJ, McDowell,
McLane, Mann. Miller, Morris, Pei.dlntou, Peyton, I ills-
bury, Preston, Rhett, Kichey, Robinson, Sawyer, Simp-on,
Sims, Smart, RobertSmilh, fckanto-n, Stephens, Thii u-ieaux,
Tompkins, John B.Thompson,VViduun Thompson, Turner, "
Venahle, Wiek, Williams, and Woodward—Mj.
NAYS-Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Green
Adams, Ashrnun, Bingham, Blanchard, Biad>, Butler,
Clingman, Collamer, Collins, Conger, Cranston, Ciowell,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn. Eekert. Ed-
wards, Embree, Nathan Evan*;, Farreliy, Fisher, Fries,
Giddings, Gunnel!, Hale, Nathan 1<. Hall, Henlev, Henry,
Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R. lnger-oll, iivuv, Jenkins, Kel-
io««. Daniel P. King, Lahm, Sidney Lawrence, Lincoln,
Marsh, Marvin, Mullin, Murphy, Palfrey, PeasJee, Peek,
Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Rumsey, St John, Sehenck, Caleb B Smith, Tinman
Smith, Staikweathei, Andrew Stewait, Chailes £. Stuart,
Strofom, Syhe-tcr, Taylor, Richard W. Thompson, Tuck,
Vinton, War/en, and White—70.
So the petition was laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, it wag
Ordered, That when this House adjourns it will adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
After some conversation between the SPEAK-
ER and Mr. GAYLE on a point, of order—
Mr. GAYLE moved to reconsider the motion by
which the first petition presented by Mr. Tuck
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Which motion was informally laid over.
Mr. TUCK-presented the petition of David T.
Burr and 68 others, inhabitants of Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to adopt such measures as will
abolish slavery throughout the United States, and
moved its leference to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to lay the
petition on the table; which was agreed to.
The call of the States was continued, and a pe-
tition was presented—
From Maine : By Mr. SMART.
PRINTING FOR THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEPHENS, by leave, offered the follow-
ing resolution :
ResoJved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to report to this House when the copies of the President's
late annual message, with the accompanying document^
which weie ordered to be printed, may be expected lobe
delivered for distribution; and whether any action of this
House, and, if any, what, can facilitate the execution of the
public printing of the House.
Mr. HUNT said he would state, in justice to
the printers of the House, jhat he had been in-
formed by them that the message would be printed
and laid on their tables early next week.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of James Brown.
Read a first and sccond time, committed, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of Daniel Robinson;
which was read a first and second time, commit-
ted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CROWELL, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Wm.
Brook, James Morrow, Patrick Cunningham, and
Geo. B. HoNenback; which were lard on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a register to the barque Sarah
and Eliza; which was read a first and second time;
when
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The question was put, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report on the memorial
of the Protestant University of the United States,
asking a donation of land for its support. Laid
on the table, and memorial and report ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Pub- -
lie Lands, made an adverse report on the petition
of N. P. Bennet. Laid on the table, and ordered *
to be printed.
GREAT SOUTHERN MAIL.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
concerning the transportation of the mail from
Washington south.
The report having been read—
