84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. SO,
the mail had been carried by them daring the
whole time. *
Mr. GOGGIN hoped he should be pardoned,
having had the honor to report this joint resolu-
tion, for claiming the attention of the House for a
short time upon a subject which so deeply affected
not only his own State, but the whole South, and
the whole country. This resolution had received
at the hands of the committee* that attention which
a subject of so much importance deserved. The
committee had riot, however, come to the conclu-
sion which he adopted. He did not intend to sup-
port the resolutions, but hoped the House would
put itself back upon the well-founded resolution
of his colleague, [Mr. Botts,] in which he (Mr.
B.) and his constituents were so deeply interested.
The resolution of his colleague simply authorized
the Postmaster General to renew the contract which
had already existed for the transportation of the
mail between this city and Richmond. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, his colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Crown,] had thought proper to
tell the House that this company came here de-
manding an increase of pay at. the hands of Con-
gress. With all due respect for that gentleman,
he must be allowed to say that he entirely misap-
prehended the nature of the question presented to
the consideration of the House. The company
demanded no increase of pay over what they had
received since 1843. They came here not as peti-
tioners; but the representatives of the people, in
obedience to the potential Voice of the people, as
uttered through public meetings, not only in the
Old Dominion, but everywhere, North and South,
demanded that,this House should consider and act
upon this subject, and that with promptness and
despatch. This company, or its friends here, did
not present themselves asking: this House to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to make an in-
crease of their pay. For a period, ever since 1S43,
this company had received at the hands of the late
and of the present Postmaster General, under a
joint resolution of Congress, and under an award
of Mr. Tyler, the late President of the United
States, the very sum which they now asked this
House to authoiize the Postmaster Gencial to pay
them. Mr. G. read from statistics exlnbitingsomc
of the details of the case in proof of this state-
ment. Instead of the company making exorbit-int
demands for this service, as was ippresen'cd, it
had been adjudicated by Congress, and sanctioned
by the President of the Uiutcd States, that ihcy
were entitled to the same pay which it was now
aske^l to give; and, ever smcc 1843, down to July
of this year, (embracing two years of the admin-
istration of the present Postmaster General,) they
had received it. Cut that officcr now came to this
House and said, in his annual report, that to allow
this compensation any further, would be a viola-
tion of law.
This same compensation had been paid from
1843 to the time when the present Postmaster Gcn-
* eral came into power; and since that time, through
his whole administration, until July 1, j8(-7, and
then for the inst tunc had he discovered that, to
make any further payments at this rate, would be
violation of law! At that lime (July 1st) the con-
tract expired; the company, however, had eon-
tinned to carry the mail without a specific agioe-
xnont. At the expiration of that quarter, namely,
on the 1st of October, the Postmaster General
refusing to pay the price authorized by joint reso-
lution of Congress, and reducing the compensation
from $260 to $237 50 per mile by raihoad, and
from f>;237 50, about 12 per cent, by stctfhiboat, the
company gave him notice that they could not con-
tract for the service at that late; and, on the 10th
of the present month, being unable to conclude
any arrangement, they suspended the service.
MY. G. commented upon that portion of the re- i
po.-tof the Postmabter General which refeis to this !
mail service, and the argument therein brought '
forward to sustain the proposed reduction. That
officer had told them. that if such a reduction were !
not made, other railroad companies would comc i
forward demanding: an increase of pay; and yet ;
(said Mr. G.) he tells us, in the same report, that ,
he has been able to conclude contracts with com- j
panies m every portion of the Union, by which a I
large amount of money is saved. [
When this coutiact was made, it was under a
schedule which required the company to perform ,!
-the trip between this city and Richmond in eleven |i
hours and a half; and yet they had actually been '<
i running for the last two years in compliance with
I a schedule which required them to run in nine
j hours and a half; and had done this without a dolr
| lar's increase of compensation. But the Postmas-
1 ter General, not content with this, had chosen to
send the mail by a circuitous route, from this city
to Baltimore, thence down the bay to City Point,
| thence up the James river to Richmond, and up
the Appomatox to Petersburg; making a distance
of near four hundred miles, instead of one hundred
and thirty miles by the direct railroad and steam-
boat loute from this city! And by this circuitous
route was the great southern mad of the United
States now conveyed; thus seriously affecting so-
cial and business communication, and holding back
for several days intelligence from the army. In-
stead of having reference to the expedition of the
mail, the Postmaster General seemed to be experi-
menting upon the country, and endeavoring to
show at how slow a rate it could be tiansported;
for, instead of running through in nine hours and
a half, as the company had by the direct route for
two or three years, by this roundabout uncertain
route it now took thirty hours; and we had tftready
been without a mail in this city from the South for
five days.
Mr. G. further commented at some length upon
the impolicy of suffering such a mail arrangement
to continue, and upon the serious injury to the
community in all its interests resultinu therefrom,
tie also condemned it on the ground of economy,
and read from a communication of the Postmaster
General, showing that all he expectcd to save by
the change of route was $575 and odd cents; and
this, Mr. G. said, by discontinuing the mail ser-
vice between Richmond and the next largest city
in the State, Petersburg; without which discontin-
uance, instead of a saving to the Government, the
cost of mail transportation by this change of route
would actually be increased about ^8.000.
Mr. G. proceeded to show, that by the recent
arrangement of the Postmaster General, there was
a great loss of time, of money, and of the interests
of the country. He also read sections of the law
governing the department on tins subject, which
evidently contemplated such a state of things as
that which now existed, and from which he argued
j that the Postmaster General had unneeessauly de-
j layed the mini to thirty, instead of having it tums-
! muted from Baltimore to Richmond in liulemorc
; than nine hours. He trusted that this Houso
■ would take such steps as would enable the conn-
! try to enjoy the benefit of a more speedy convey-
I ancc of their correspondence, and that the railroad
1 company in question would be permitted to realize
I the small profits to which they were entitled—pro-
\ fits which had been solemnly adjudged to the com-
j pany heretofore both by the President and by
! Congiess. lie briefly explained the statement of
j the arrangement which the Postmaster General
i had entered into for the transmission of the mail,
; and the legal powers conferred on him, and com-
1 mcntcd on the fact that the Postmaster General
had made no contract which Congress could not
supersede. No contracts had been signed, and
hence they had no guarantee for the speedy trans-
1 mission of the mails, nor for the performance of
! the terms of any agreement into which the new
contractors might enter.
! The Postmaster G'encial, in his annual report to
j the President, which he presumed each member
, had read for himself, communicated the informa-
tion that the contract*? were for a specific time, un-
less Congiess should otherwise direct—admitting,
therefore, that this House was not bound by any
contract that the Postmaster General had made.
To this he called the attention of the House, and
also to the fact, that this railroad company had
heavier mails to transmit than some others, and
were exposed to expenses fiom which others were
exempt, and consequently was entitled to a liberal
compensation. He appealed, then, to the House
not to tolerate this arrangement of the Postmaster
General, especially at a time when so many of their
countrymen were anxiously waiting to hear from
their sons, brothers, and relatives, who were neril-
ing their lives in defence of the honor of'their
country in Mexico. In estimating the relative
value of services by companies, circumstances
should be considered. It was not equitable to pay
for services on the Potomac the same compensa-
tion that southern companies received. In the
South there were no obstructions from ice, as in
ihs Potomac. And it should not be forgotten that
this company was not only required to transport
the mails at any time the Post Office Department
might require, but to build ice-boats, and keep oper^
the navigation, which was for the general benefit
of the country. And yet, with these lestrictions
and burdens, and with greatly enlarged mails, this
company was expected to do this service for twen-
ty-five per cent, increase of pay on stage routes.
He contended that the Postmaster General was
not restricted, as he seemed to imagine, except
that he should not pay more than three hundred
dollars per mile. Within that sum the Postma&ter
General had a discretion, and that amount he was
not asked nor expected to pay. He was asked
only to give that which had been already paid,
and which had been awarded to the company by
the President of the United States and by Con-
gress. The Postmaster Geneial himself had ac-
knowledged that the service on the Potomac was
satisfactorily performed. Pie had also admitted
that the service by the bay could not be as satis-
factory as by the railroad and steamboat on the
old route; and yet, with these facts before their
eyes, they were to sustain great inconvenience,
unless the company would be content to receive
less than a fair compensation, which had been
heretofore paid to them. This great nation, and
the interests of twenty millions of people, were to
be trifled with for a paltry saving of a few hun-
dred dollars.
In justice to the Postmaster General, he would
say, that he had been furnished with ail the infor-
mation he had required, cheerfully and promptly.
The Postmaster General had evinced every dispo-
sition to facilitate a thoiough examination of the
subject; and he (Mi. G.) did not charge the Post-
master General with intentionally violating his
duty to the country, or any law which'he was
required to carry out. But, he was of opinion
that the Postmaster General had been mistaken in
his construction of the law. Pic was satisfied the
law would not be so construed by Congress. If,
then, he was mistaken, the sooner he was set
right the better; for the sacrifice of the business
men of the country was greater than they should
be suffered to endure.
Within the last few days he had learned that a
merchant in Richmond, having to remit §50,000
to New York, felt compelled to withdraw that
amount from his business two days sooner than
he would have been required to do if the mail
were transported by the railroad. It had been
said that the interests of the merchants of Rich-
mond alone would be sacrificed to a greater
amount than the sum in dispute between the Post-
master General and the railroad company by the
present state of things in that department. It
would be better, therefore, if Congress could not
afford them relief, that the meichants should meet
together and pay the difference themselve's. This
same view had been taken by the meichants of
New York and elsewhere. And what was their
own experience on this subject? Why, up to
I last night, they had not received a mail bearing
tidings from their homes for /he days, tie heard
one gentleman say the other day, when accounting
for his absence from this House, that he had been
to Richmond to get his letters. If a change could
not be made in the airangement for the transmis*
sion of the mails, he was satisfied many of them
would find it rtioi e eonvenient to have their letters
sent to Richmond than to the post office connected
with this House, for from Richmond they could
obtain them in advance of the usual mail convey-
ances of the department.
But there was another matter connected with
these arrangements to which he wished to call the
attention of this House, especially of those who
were disposed to sustain the department. The
Postmaster General had invoked their aid for the
purpose of stopping private expresses throughout
the country. But could it be expected that pri-
vate expresses.could be suppressed when the in-
tercourse of the country was thus obstructed?
Unless an improved system were adopted, instead
of stopping those private expresses now traversing
the country, hundreds of others would be soon
started; for the country would not tolerate a mail
arrangement wbi(b required thirty hours to do
that winch could be done in nine hours.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a ques-
tion of Older.
Mr. GOGGIN. I have done.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, then, as he had the
