1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
floor, he would say a word or two on this subject.
He saw no good use to which this discussion
could lead. But little could come out of it. It
was a matter winch had attracted no attention in
the House until it was brought up to-day. Very
few of them were sufficiently informed on the sub-
ject at present, and hence they could not make up
their minds so as to dispose of it without further
consideration. The Postmaster General was per-
fectly dead; the post office was abolished; nothing
was left of it; and he asked for time to look upon
the sad spectacle. He moved, theiefore, to lay
the whoie subject on the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, desired the
gentleman fiom Arkansas to withdraw that mo-
tion, to give lum an opportunity^) make an ex-
planation.
Mr. JOHNSON would be willing to do so if
the gentleman would renew the motion to lay on
the table. ;
A brief conversation ensued* which being unsat- j
isfactory to Mr. Johnson,he refused to withdraw !
the motion.v
Air. SCHENCK moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion, on a division, was agreed to; and
the House adjourned to Monday next, at twelve
o'clock. •
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
'By Mr. TAYLGK.- The petition of sundry citizens of
Jackson county, m tne Ptate of Ohio, praying for the estab-
lishment of a new poit route from Jackson eourt-hou&e to
rortsmoutli, in that State, by Zeuos Keliet's and Jackson
Furnace. #
13v Mr. HALL, of New York • The petition of the Com-
mon Council of the City of Buffalo, praym? tor an appio-
piiMtiontoi the improvement oi iheli.irboi or that city.
By Mr. J>UN7CA\', of Oino : Petitions fiom cmztin-; of
Wy.uid'Jtto. Muion, rf.-ni r>a, Santlu-ky, and D'-laware
comme>, m the State of Ohio. p'viynis? tile attention of Oom-
gre^s to the provi-ioii:- of tne tteaty of Brownsluwn et 18.J8,
rvad acts oi Congicss ile.-igned to carry into effect its stipu-
lations.
By Mr. CJIOWGLL: The petition of Jacob Mc^ersmith
and others, citizen" ot J<or«fet wii, Trumbull county, Ohio,
praying tor poace with Mexico. Also, the petition of Wil-
h.im Cranage and others, citizens of Warren, TrnmbuIJ
county. Ohio, praying foi peace with Mexico.
By Mi. JOIJ.\TSO.\:, of Tennessee : TJie inemo-ial of .Ra-
chel Salts, widow of an invalid soldier, praying Congress to
gr-iflt lier some lehef.
JJy Mr. DUiNTN: The petition of Elijah Milam, asking pav
forahor&e lost m the UmtedJStatPS rangine service. Also, of
Jane Suller and of Alexander McDonald,'asking a pension
Also, of Caleb Bel!, asking the arrearage of pay of Matthew
Bell, who died in the United States armv. Also, the peti-
tion of Darnel Halt, asking that a land wan ant be i?t=ucd to
him as the legatee ot his father for sei vices in the revolu-
tionary war.
By Mi. PALFREY : Tin-: petition of iT. D. Piriney and
others, of Tiosi.i eonr t\ , A*. Y : of Ch.'irb'^ Wumphnn^ and
others, of Lancaster, U'nic<Mercounty, Ma>?.; oi C u.unpe
<J. Tfiin<*y and ofier-, c t Kemn-bunk. Me ; and of Eliza-
beth Howe and others, rtevondb pra\ ui;r for peai.e w ith Mex-
ico. Also, that the inesuonal ot the i'te^ident and Fellows
of Harvard College, in Camomile, Mass., proving for the
iv miss ion of duties pa'd on a tel^-eope, and loi the priwle^e
of importing book's and philosophical apparatus- dnt\ be
taken from the tiles and iclened to tne Committee of Ways
and Meaub-
IN SENATE.
Movtoay, January 3, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, exhiiiitni"-
the applications for pensions which have been re-
jected during the year 1847; which was referred
to the Committee oil Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, made in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate m relation
to the further use and occupation of Fort Arm-
strong, on Rock Island, as a militarysite; which
•was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a memorial adopted at
a convention held at Washington, in the State of
Arkansas, composed of delegates from the several
counties bordering on the Red River, praying an
appropriation for removing the raft m that river;
which was referred to the Committep on Com-
merce. *
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of citizens
of Montgomery county, Illinois, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Shelbyvilie to Alton,
ill that State; which was referred to tile Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial of citizens
of Fayette county, Illinois, pray ina; that the risrht
of preemption may be granted to the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company, to the lands lyin? along
the route of their railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CORWIN presented the petition of Joseph
Giaham and George Lee Brent, praying compen-
sation for services as special agents of the Gov-
ernment of Paraguay, under directions of the
United States charge d'affaires near the Argentine
Republic; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON piesented the petition ofThomas
M. Corby, praying' indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; winch was referred to the
Committee on Foreign R.eistions.
O'l motion by Mr. BALDWIN, it was
. Tim (Is" of 7:!v.,m-. Ucm jsprtluva'te
fc Ct; . on ihp' UK;* ot tt-ciiat", be ieienej to tlie Com-
mi'tff* on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. PJCSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Fr^drnr-k Vincent, aOnim-
i-tritoi of La Caze and Mallet, on the file- of the p-enate,
be referred to tl.e Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Gritted, TJi-tt petition oi 'he Eastern Cherokee In-
dians, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered. That the documents on the file* of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Robert Armstrong, be referred to the
Committee on Pension?.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Sour John, a Cherokee In-
dian. on the file-; of the Senate, be referted to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
TIE SOLUTIONS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration, which was ordered to be
printed:
Resolved, Tint there he printed for the u>e of the Senate
 copies of tho toiir or memoir of Dr Wi^lizernis. i
through the noithern pirt« of ?tfe\ico. as nhy-iuari to Col.''
Doniphancolumn ; benie a history "of the expa'!ition of !
Col. Doniphan, with scientific observations upon the face of j
the country. Also, that there be engraved oj lithographed
for the use of the Senate. copies of the superficies
map which accompanies the «ame. Al o, the same number
of the barometrical map of tb^ profile of elevations above
the level of the sea from St. Louis, in Missouri, on the line
of march of paid expedition, to Santa F£. in New Mexico,
and thence hv Chihuahua, the Bolson de Mapim. Pairas,
SaltHto, and Monterey, to Rejno^a, o?i the Rio Grande. Al-
so, the same number of the geological map, and the fame
number of the table of meteorological observations which
accompany the same.
Also. Be it rcsoh.ed, That copies of the paid me-
mo!!, with theaeeonipamingniaps.be printed for the use
of Dr. W'-hzenus. ' ;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the ,
following resolution; which was considered by ■
unanimous con«=enf. ar>d agreed to :
Res-^ircL That lb-- Committee on "Ushtaiy Afiair? bo in- ■
^trufi^d to impure nro the f- \nedienev of an act
ctanmis a poi t\on of the peitiic lami< in the State of Lou-
i?i,ma toeu-ry citizen s-okhei. oj widow 01 orpnan of "very
cinzvii -obhc}. who boie anus in defence of Louisiana 111
the \eai^ 361-1 and l^n.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Orderc3. 1Tliat the r^olution^ of ihe Legislature of the
State of Jjoui-iann. on the riie< of the Senate, iclatms: to
the subject, be referred to the Committee on Military "Af- ;
fait?. ;
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu- ,
Hon; which was considered by unanimous con- j
sent, and agreed to :
Rewh'ch Tiiat th° Fiesidentof the Fmteu States be le-
q!K->Te<t r, co.nuiaiiic.'t^ to the Senate il'e >; )tre^p nui^iu e
of Mr W'i--". late "\hnrtor ottlw Lm ed State> at the'"'unit
of Iha/.ii. enibtacies a ioH'-r of 3lr. Hmi:J«on. hei Unuinme
M«i|C-tv's \ruii-t--r at the >:une Cou't, to .Mr. Wi^e, dated
tne 21tb of Ma'ch. Srt-..:: >\ .n. <t note no>n the E.irl of Ahe«-
decn oi' tit" 4rii U^cemhet. bl': a b^trf f'om .Mi. Wise to
Mr. H-eiiihoi. dit^d ti;e OTrh M"jen, l^h>; a letter fiom
^Ir. Wi?e to ? lr. Hamilton, dated .?l>t Jul'., lef46: and
papers aeoonip'inyri^ tite all lrlat-uj to tne ^ui^ect
of tin1 ■* tiade': piovi<k-d t-nt the -a'n-"1 may be done in
lu^ opinion, Witiionl d.^imient to the public semce.
On motion by Mr. A.THETITON. it was
Ordered, That the Co.nm'ttee on Piu'ipce h-> di^riniied
from the fuith< r con>id<>iatirn of the ineaiori-ii of Joseph
Bonehand, and that it lie. it-icrred to the C ni:mtTee on the
Jtidinaiy.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, it was
Ordcui. That the Committee on Finance be discharged
from the i'tiith- r C<in~idei;u;"n of the memorial ol J. Heav-
ier, and that it he refened to the Committee on Public
I.atul«.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell,
their Clerk :
Mr. President : The Speaker of the House of
Representatives having signed an enrolled bill, I
am directed to bring- it to the Senate'for the"signa-
ture of their President. " *
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill entitled "An act making; an appropriation to
supply in part a deficiency in the.appropriations
for subsistence in kind of the army and vr>Iun<~
tcers during the year ending the 30th of, ifune,
I84S:" and it was delivered to the committee-, ,to be
; presented to the President of the United States. '
, Agreeably to notice, Mr. BERRIEN asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill making an appro-
: priation for removing obstructions in the Savan-
nah river; which was read the first and second
, times, by unanimous consent,'and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, by unanimous
j consent, asked and obtained leave to bring in-a
joint resolution to create a board to ascertain an&
! determine the amount of each of the ciairns of the
' citizens of the United States against Mexico;
which was read, and passed to tiie second read-
ing.
i| Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on tlie
!| Judiciary, submitted a report, accompanied by a
j! bill for the relief of Peter Capella, administrator
j| of Andrew Capella, deceased, and for the relief of
John Capo, and for the relief of Elijah Petty and
!' Hannah Petty, his wife, heirs of John Beardon,
lj deceased.
Ij The bill was read, and passed to the second
' reading.
: Ordered, That the report be printed. - .
| Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
I ritories, reported a bill for the relief of W. B.
Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory of Wis-
consin.
The bill having been read a first time—
Mr. DOUGLAS remarked, that as this bill was
asked for by the officers of the treasury, and was
simply a bill to authorize them to settle certain ac-
counts, he wished the bill would now be allowed
to have its second reading.
The bill having been read a second time—.
Mr. CLAYTON said, he apprehended that no
possible objection could exist to the immediate
passage of this bill, and he trusted it would
disposed of. '
Mr. WESTCOTT said he could not distinctly
gather the purport of the bill from hearing it read,
and it had not been printed. He recollected the
case well. It was before the Territorial Committee
at the last session—he believed the session before,
also—while he (Mr. W.) was on that committee,
and he was then opposed to the allowance of the
claim. It was for two items: one for compensa-
tion to claimant for expenses of visitine Washing-
ton to settle his accounts as a public ofRccr—secre-
tary of Wisconsin Territory: the other item was
fo/some two or three thousand dollais of public
money lost by his placing it on deposite in aTer-
ritorial bank which broke. His excuse was, that
the Territorial Legislature, by resolution, instructed
him to make this"deposite in that bank. This was
no excusc whatever. The Territorial Legislature
had no business with this money—no right to
direct it. to be so deposited—no power to control
the claimant with respect to it. Mr. Slaughter was
secretary of the Teiritory—a Federal ofHccr and
aaent. independent of the Legislature of the Terri-
tory. 'He was subject only to the laws of Congress
ond the instructions of the Treasury Deportment,
ct'id these did not allow this drpos'de at the risk of the
I'rifrrf States. It was his own fault or misfortune
if he lost this money by placing it in a rotten bank.
His complying with the resolution of the Legisla-
ture was'aii act done on his own personal responsi-
bility. It would be ooening the door to the allow-
ance of hundreds of thousands of dollars of similar
claims, to allow this.
Besides, it is not shown that this bank or its
stockholders have been sued, or any means used
to recover the money from those who have got it.
The claim against the bank and its stockholders
was not transferred to the United States, or the
treasury officers given any authority to collect or
secure i:. . ..
: Mr. W. said ho should vote against the allow-
ance of this ehxhiK but if he understood the honor-
alile Senaluv from Illinois, [Mr.. -Dodclas,] t|>is
bi'I did not impliedSy sanction the claim in y
,'oT'fe but only diiected the treasury to exam-
. me am! settle the accounts on principles of equity
