86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
and justice. He desired to know of the Commit-'
tee distinctly, whether his understanding was cor-
rect ? If the bill sanctioned expressly or impliedly
the items he had referred to, he should vote against
it; if not, he should make no opposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill does not sanction
the claim; it merely refers the settlement of the
claim to the accounting officers of the treasury.
The claim arises in this way: William B. Slaugh-
ter, Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin, re-
ceived a draft for Government funds to the amount
of $10,000. The Legislature of the Territory ap-
pointed the cashier of the Mineral Point Bank
temporarily its fixed assent. This draft was de-
posited in the custody of that fiscal agent, and the
money checked out according as it was required.
That bank faded, and there was a loss of some-
tiling like £3,000, speaking in round numbers.
The Legislative Assembly of the Territory has
unanimously passed a resolution expressing their
opinion that the money was deposited properly, in
good faith, and for the best interests of the treasu-
ry, and that he ought to have a credit at the treas-
ury for Siat amount of money. That if the prin-
cipal item in the bill. All that the bill proposes
is, to refer the matter to the officers of the treasury,
with authority and instructions to settle the ac-
count according to the principles of equity and
justice; they having more ample opportunities for
collecting information upon all points relating to
the matter than this body can possibly have.
Mr. WESTCOTT said, he conceived there was
one matter as to which he did not coincide with
his friend the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] It was the chief question in this case.
It was as to the resolution of the Territorial Legis-
lature being any justification or even excuse for
the Secretary of the Territory putting this money
in this bank. Mr. W. conceived he was bound
to disregard the resolutions as the Territorial Legis-
lature had no right to direct him.
Mr. DAYTON. Do I understand that the bill
is now upon its third reading? It must, I appre-
hend, require the general consent of the Senate in
order to have its third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER replied, that the
proposition had been made that the bill be read a
third time.
Mr. DAYTON. Had I understood that to be
the case I should ha\e objected, not because 1 have
any specific objection to this bill beyond the ob-
jection which applies to a large class of cases stand-
ing upon our calendar. I have observed, for the
last three or four years in this body, that whenever
a claim is a little distrusted in committee, or in
referenceto which the committee have doubts them-
selves, and cannot act upon it in a manner satis-
factory to themselves, they report a resolution in
this general phraseology, "Resolved that the claim
be settled by the proper officers of the department,
according to the principles of equity and justice."
Thus they have generally recognized the exist-
ence of a class of cases of this description, and
applied to them a different rule from that which is
applied in other cases. Now, if this hill is to,he
put on its final passage, I think I shall be con-
strained to vote against it. I think at least it ought
to be allowed to he over, and take its proper place
upon the calendar. This case is similar to a large
number of cases which have been reported on; and
if the Senate pass it, and refer the matter to the de-
partment for adjustment, we shall have the same
arguments addressed to us every day. I, for one,
piefer that this case should stand as all other cases
clo. I urn not aware of anything in it that entitles
it to special precedence.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman is mistaken
in supposing that the committee had any doubt in
regard to the propriety of allowing the claim.
There was no difference of opinion whatever. It
was understood that this individual was entitled to
the amount, and the proper accounting officer was
desirous of giving him the credit. He had no
doubt of the propriety of it, but he thought, that
Congress ought to give him the authority to do
what was sought to be done in the premises. There
was not a shadow of doubt as to the propriety,
but the committee did not report that he should
be allowed the amount. They had merely autho-
rized the officer of the department to give it him,
if he be found to be entitled to it. This is not one
of those cases which the honorable Senator from
New Jersey has referred to. There was no doubt
in the mind of the committee, and no doubt in the
mind of the proper accounting officer of the trea-
sury, as to the propriety or justice of allowing the
amount. The only doubt was, whether that offi-
cer had authority to do justice in the case without :
the sanction of Congress. Now if, under these
circumstances, it be thought necessary to delay a '
bill of this kind, I will offer no objection; but I «
jcertainly suppose the bill might pass the Senate I
without going through the ordinary form of being :
read on different days.
Mr. DOUGLAS here read a paragraph from :
the letter of the Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. BADGER. If I understood correctly the
points of the case as given by the Senator from
Florida, it seems to me that, without some further ,
statement er explanation, there is very serious ob- i
jections to the passage of this bill. 1 understand i
it to be an application, on the part of a disbursing ,
officer of the United States, to he allowed a credit ;
in his account with the treasury, for a sum of :
money which has been lost in consequence of be- ;
ing deposited by him, without authority of law, in i
a banking institution. j
Mr. CLAYTON. He had the authority of the
Territorial Legislature.
Mr. BADGER. Very well; he-was a disburs-
ing officer of the United States, subject to the laws ;
of Congress, and prohibited by a law of Congress :
from depositing the funds of the United States in
a banking institution. He was himself bound to !
keep them; and without sanction or authority from ,
his superiors in office—without a dispensation ,
given to him by those to whom he was respon- 1
sible, and who on higher ground represented the;
interests of the United States—but by authority of 1
a State Legislature, he unlawfully takes these |
funds, deposited them in a banking institution, and .
they are lost. Now, what does this bill propose ,
to do? As I understand it, it proposes to legalize ;
this transaction. If he was authorized by law to !
make the deposite, he would undoubtedly be irre-
sponsible. If, in making it, he followed the line of |
his duty, he would have a right to demand, as a j
matter of justice and of law, that credit should be ,
allowed to him. This bill directs the officer of the
treasury to settle his account, not on principles of
law—for it will be in express contravention of law; !
not to give him credit for losses he has innocently .
sustained in the discharge of his duty—for that he
has a right to demand without the interposition of
Congress; but they are to settle his account ac-
cording to the principles of equity and good con-
science; in other words, it is a direction, on the
part of Congress, to the accounting officer of the .
treasury to disregard in this case the obligations
of law, and apply one rule m the settlement of the
accounts in this case, while the general law re-
quires another rule to be applied in all circum-
stances. I must confess, sir, that with every dis-
position in the world to relieve a man who lias
suffered in the discharge of his duty, if anything
could be shown by which it would appear that he
was under a reasonable apprehension that he was
doing his duty as if he had been directed by his
superior officers, I should be anxious to interpose
and relieve him. But it seems to me it would be
a dangerous precedent for Congress to declare,
that when an officer of the Government, having
charge of the funds of the Government, shall
think proper to make a deposite contrary to law,
j they will'relieve him from the consequences of
j losses thus sustained. It would he a direct and
j open invitation, by the policy adopted here, to all
i officers similaily situated, to act in defiance of au-
| thority and in defiance of Jaw, trusting to a relax-
| ation of its provisions in then" behalf. Under these
I circumstances, it seems to me that the honorable
• Senator from New Jersey is correct in saying that
i this bill ought to have a little more examination,
I and I move, therefore, that its further considera-
i tion be postponed until to-morrow.
| The motion was agreed to.
| Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom had been referred the bill to
divide the district of Arkansas into two judicial
districts, reported it without amendment, and sub-'
mitted a report upon the subject; which was or-
dered to be printed.
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
i motion, submitted by Mr. Mangum on the 30th
j December:
i " Ordered. That the Vice President he authori/,od and re-
' yue-jted to have two movable desk-* provided l'or the reporter
of the proceeding* and debates of the Seriate, and his
a.-^i«tant.<, upon the tloor of the Senate Chamber, to be u^ed
only during the session of the Sc nate, and to accommodate
two persons."
Mr. SEVIER. I have no objection to this reso-
lution, if the honorable Senator will consent to a
modification of it, so as to refer the matter to a
committee. 1 believe there has been a controversy
for several years past regarding the place that
should be occupied by the reporters, and they have
at different times occupied swats in various places,
all around this Chamber. They were placed where
they now are by the direction of a committee,
which had charge of the matter for several weeks;
and after various selections had been made, it was
determined that^he gallery, where they now are,
was the proper situation. We all have the same
object in view—that is, the proper position of our
reporters; but I think the Senate will find, upon
inquiry, that they have at present the best position
they can have. I hope, therefore, the honorable
mover will consent to modify the resolution, so as
to refer the matter to a committee.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no objection to the
course proposed by the Senator, fori am aware
it is only a matter of experiment. This subject
has been very much examined heretofore, and va-
rious parts of the Chatflber have been assigned to
reporters, and those places afterwards abandoned
on account of inconvenience or unsuitablcness. It
may be, that after trying the seats which will
now be provided, they may not be found to an-
swer. I think, however, that the experiment is
worthy of being made; but I have no objection to
refer the matter to a committee—say a committee
, of three. ~
Mr. SEVIEul I move, then, so to amend the
resolution, as to direct that a committee of three
be appointed by the Vice President to examine
i and report upon the subject.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was in favor of ex-
tending the privilege asked for; but theiewas one
matter to which he would call the attention of the
' committee to whom the resolution may be referred,
; as proper to be provided for. Provision should
' he made for turning the reporters out, in case they
■ did not behave themselves, without Senators be-
! ing, as in a former case, abused and vilified as
: being guilty of assailing and outraging the liberty
i of the press.
On motion by Mr. SEYIER, it was
Ordered^ That the motion be relet red to a select commit-
tee, con-Ming of three members, to be appointed by the
Vice President.
Mr. Maxtoum, Mr. Sevier, and Mr. Breese,
: were appointed the committee.
! The bill for the relief of the administratrix of
i Elisha L. Keen, deceased, was read the second
' time, and considered as in Committee of the
| Whole.
| Ordered^ That it lie on the table.
| The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
. mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Jo-
seph Wilson; and no amendment being made, it
; was reported to the Senate.
; Mr. BADGER called for the reading of the re-
1 port accompanying the bill, and it was read by the
, Secretary.
Ordered, That the bill be engrossed and read a third
! tim**.
! The bill to provide clothing for volunteers in the
I service of the United States, was read the second
i time, and considered as in Committee of the
1 Whole ; and no amendment being made, it was
i reported to the Senate.
j Ordered, That it be engrossed and read a third time,
i The said bill was read a third time.
i Resolved, That thi« bill pas", and that the title thereof be
"An act to provide clothing for volunteers in the Venice of
! the United States."
I Ordered, That the Secretary request the concurrence of*
' the House of Representatives therein.
] TEN REGIMENT BILL.
i The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of
. the Whole, the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs to raise,
1 for a limited time, an additional military force.
Mr. CASS rose and said:
i Mr. Prf.sipkxt: This is the first of a series of
, bills, which (he Military Committee is about to
' present to the Senate. They have commenced
with the most important, and will ask the consid-
eration of the others, in succession, till they have
discharged the duty intrusted to them.
; In presenting this bill, I do not propose to touch
