1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
has made is not capable of being sustained by evi-
dence. What is the fact? I stated before, and
the Senator will justify me in the assertion, that he
claimed the other day, with that urbanity which
characterizes his demeanor, as an act of courtesy
from his friends, that he should be allowed to be
heard upon his resolutions upon the day fixed by
him for taking them up. As soon as the proposi-
tion was made, my heart responded to the call, and
I thought ail on this side were inclined to be in
unison, and that this act of courtesy should be ex-
tended. Now, the truth is, the Senator from North
Carolina and those associated with him, have the
control of the whole matter. This plain practical
proposition has been submitted to them, that a
formal understanding should arise in this'Cham-
ber, that the Senator from South Carolina should
be allowed to be heard upon his resolutions, and
that the consideration of this bill should then be
proceeded with. How easy to agree to such a
plain proposition ! But is agreement manifested ?
With whom then is the discourtesy, when it is pro-
posed to do all that is asked for by {he Senator from
South Carolina—to do all that it may be necessary
to enable the Senator to be heard on these questions?
What is the answer? None at all. ' Answer most
significant; an answer significant to the scheme—I
hope it may not be considered discourteous to use
the word—to postpone this vital question. It is not
for me to remind the gentleman from North Caro-
lina—who is as distinguished for his knowledge of
the common law as for his learnmgand eloquence—
that it is an established principle of the law, (to give
the maxim without using the Latin,) "so far as the
reason of the law extends, so far the law operates,
and no further." Now, the reason of this courtesy
is plain; it goes as far as we are willing to admit it,
and cannot go farther. What does the Senator
from North Carolina say ?—that in violation of rea-
son and common law, the instant the Senator from
South Carolina is heard on the subject, then all the
other Senators shall also be allowed the same priv-
ilege. Is this in accordance with reason? Does
courtesy require that all Should be heard? Have
all participated in the concoction of this resolution ?
We are willing to act upon reason—to carry it ofit
—to enforce it. The Senator from North Carolina
rnys that all other. Senators must also be heard.
Why, it is obvious, and it must be obvious to the
Senator, that by insisting that all othersl must be
heard* he makes a refusal to hear any Senator*, an
act of discourtesy, the avoidance of which he seems
to have so much at heart. I, for one, sir,am most
anxious to hear the views of the distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina. As to the result of dis-
cussion in this Chamber, 1 fear nothing. There
is too much pnt iotis>m here to permit us for a
moment to doubt as to what will be the action of
this body when the interests and honor of the
country demand such action. ]
Mr. BADGER. I was endeavoring to obtain !
the floor immediately after the honorable chair- !
man of Military Affairs took his seat, for the |
purpose of saying to him that I was very much
astonished to hear him intimate that I designed to
charge him with a want of courtesy towards the
Senator from South Carolina. I know that that
honorable Senator would be as far from offering
■an act of discourtesy as the Senator from Missis-
sippi. When I spoke of that act as contrary to
the usages of the Senate, f spoke of those usages, ]
and have observed them for a very short period.
It is possible for gentlemen to do an act of discour-
tesy without being aware of it; but I can assure the
Senator from Mississippi that he is entirely mista-
ken if lie supposes that any scheme has been con-
certed on this side of the Chamber. For my own
part, I came from a part of the Union where
schemes are not very much indulged in, where
they are not held in very high estimation. All I .
intended was to express my own opinion; and ac- '
eording to the views I entertained, it was discourte- !
ous to the honorable Senator, and a violation of the I
usage of the Senate. I certainly did not suppose !
that either the Senator from Michigan or the Sen- :
ator from Mississippi designed to offer a discour- i
tesy to the Senator from South Carolina. But it j
seems, sir, I am claiming too much, when I decline
to enter into any agreement or understanding, that
as soon as the Senator from South Carolina has
expressed his views, his resolutions are to be laid
aside, and the consideration of the bill resumed, on
the ground that the courtesy of the Senate is com-
pletely exhausted, after the Senator from South
Carolina has had an opportunity to be heard.
Now, upon this point I entertain an entirely dif-
ferent view from that of the Senator from Michi-
gan; and when he claims the privilege of acting
a& his judgment dictates, it is but right that I
should claim the same privilege. It has been
suggested that ample range for debate woufd
not be afforded on this bill. If so, and if courtesy
requires that the Senator from South Carolina
should be heard, with this "ample room and verge
enough" for the expression of his ideas, it follows,
of course, according to the same principle of com-
mon fairness, that other Senators who differ to-
tally from him, if there be any such, or entertain
a multiplicity of opinions, should be permuted the
same opportunity for the expression of those
opinions. For these reasons, I am of opinion that
this matter should be passed over without any
such understanding as is proposed, and that the
discussion which is to arise upon the resolution
should arise in regular order, and be prosecuted
to its final termination. At the same time, I agree
with the Senator from Michigan, that the claims
of courtesy towards any member of this body
ought to yield to subjects of necessity—to meas-
ures which are demanded by the circumstances of
the country; but in this case I cannot see that any
such necessity exists; and, as I hold it to have
been originally wrong that the resolutions of the
Senator from South Carolina should have been
supplanted or deprived of their priority, on this
subject 1 hope the Senator from Michigan will al-
low me to correct his recollection, while I disclaim
imputing to him any intentional discourtesy, of
which 1 know him to be incapable. He is cer-
tainly in error when he supposes that at the time
when the resolutions of the Senator from South
Carolina were made the special order of the day
for to-morrow, he gave notice that he would, in
the inUrim^ call up his bill; because the resolutions
of the Senator from South Carolina were submit-
ted on the 15th of December, and on the 20th of
December they were made the order of the day
for to-morrow. The bill now under consideration
of the Senate was reported to the Senate on the
22d of December, being two days after the resolu-
tions of the Senator from South Carolina had been
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and one
week after the resolutions had been submitted to
this body. Therefore, it was impossible for the
Senator, unless by the spirit of prophecy, to give
notice on the 20th that he would call up a bill
that was not reported from the Military Commit-
tee until the 22d.
Mr. CASS. I have no hesitation in saying that
the Senator has a better knowledge of chionology
than i have; but I recollect di« inetly that my oo-
; ject in making that intimation was to meet a remark
j of the Senator from South Carolina, and it was in
connexion with what was said by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr, ATCHISON. I would like to make an in-
quiry, sir, as to whether this question is debatable.
If 1 understand the motipn, it is to go into Execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER remarked that
he had suffered the debate to proceed, under the
expectation that it would lead to an amicable ar-
rangement on the subject of the postponement of
the bill. Upon the pending motion, however, de-
bate was not in order.
Mr. SEVIER. The Senator from South Caro-
lina introduced his resolutions some days ago, and
intimated his intention of addressing the Senate
to-morrow. Now there is "not a single dissenting
voice against that being done, although every one
is impressed with the importance of this measure,
and of the necessity of a speedy action upon it.
When the resolutions come up, by way of a trial
of strength, I will move that they belaid upon the
table.
Mr. DICKINSON. It will be recollected that
I introduced certain resolutions some days previous
to the introduction of the resolutions of the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, and that when
my resolutions were reached, I intimated a deter-
mination to call them up immediately after the
holidays. The Senator from South Carolina,
however, thought proper to move to make his reso-
lutions the special order on the very day which I
had intended to appoint for the consideration of
my own. Of this, however, I do not complain.
I waived the intention of calling up my resolutions,
although I thought these contained" a very import-
ant principle. I refrained from calling them up,
lest tt would interfere with business more practical.
Anxious as I am to obtain discussion upon them,
yet I am willing that they should remain until
these practical measures are disposed of. Althf ug'i
I propose to keep them before.the Senate, yet i <40
not propose to bring them forward to the exclu-
sion of those measures which the public service
requires.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no doubt that the Sen-
ator from Arkansas is perfectly correct in saying
that there is no intention on the part of any one to
prevent the Senator from South Carolina from be-
ing heard to-morrow; and for the very reason, that
this has been almost the constant usage in this
body. I think a great deal more consequence has
been attached to theimportance ofimmeaiateaction
on this bill than it is entitled to. There is no dis-
position to deprive the Administration of the op-
portunity of presenting their measures in theirown
good time; and although I must say that, if I had
my choice, I would prefer to hear the discussion
upon the resolutions—to hear an expression of the
sentiments entertained by the Senator previous to
being called upon to grant supplies to any extent;
yet if the Administration measures are urged on the
ground of a pressing public necessity, I am un-
willing to take the responsibility of occasioning
any delay in regard to those measures which they
deem of the highest magnitude. It is true, that
the resolutions of the Senator from South Carolina
open a much wider range of debate: but if it be the
sense of the Senate, that the discussion should be
delayed and the supplies proceeded with, I shall
not offer any impediment, nor will any one on this
side of the Chamber, I am convinced, although I
am notauthorized to speak for others. If itbe the
sense of the Senate to renew the discussion on the
bill as soon as the Senator from South Carolina
shall have expressed his views, be it so, I am not
apprized that there is any disposition here unneces-
sarily to postpone final action upon any measures
of the Administration.
Mr. FOOTE. When I used the word "scheme,"
it was certainly not with any discourtesy towards
the Senator from North Carolina. It was merely
in allusion to the postponement of business, there
being conflicting views in regard to the expediency
of first taking up one subject or the other, and in
reference to gentlemen who might be inclined to
seize upon what might, perhaps, be properly term-
ed parliamentary advantage. And while I am up,
I will remark, that if the Senator from Noith Car-
olina understands me as using the word " scheme"
in any disrespectful sense, in reference to himself,
or in reference to the State of North Carolina, he is
entirely mistaken. But while the honorable Sen-
ator repels the idea of the application of such a
term to the character of his State, I hope he does
not mean to imply that I came from a part of the
country where schemes are more apt to be adopted
than m North Carolina. If I had understood the
Senator as intending such an intimation, I should
have repelled it at the moment, with promptitude,
and perhaps with some heat. The State of Mis-
sissippi, high as she stands, is free from injury,
even at the hands of the Senator from North Car-
olina. Possibly some disrespect was intended to
the State of Mississippi. Possibly it was intend-
ed to hurl the arrow which was pointed at her
many years ago. I will take the liberty of saying
that there is not strength enough in the bow he
bends to win<r the arrow to the mark.
Mr. BADGER. It was my intention, as soon
as the Senator had taken his seat, had he done so
without hurling such a military weapon, to say to
him that I did not think of the circumstance which
might have led to the suspicion, which might have
given the appearance of discourtesy to what I said.
I had no. such intention, and 1 assure him that
even if I were not satisfied of the strength of Mis-
sissippi, on this floor and elsewhere, I entirely
disclaim the intention of assailing her. She is
connected with North Carolina by many ties of
association; and I assure the honorable Senator
that if he does not make up a conflict upon this
floor before he is assailed by me, he will pass
through his senatorial career (and long may it be)
in the most agreeable manner, and that he will
never have occasion, as far as I am concerned, to
make the Senate the arena of any unpleasant ob-
servations. And, indeed, I had not the least idea
that the Senator had used the word " scheme" of-
fensively. I amsure the word dropped from him
