1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90
opinion that the fate of this bill can be affected by
any vote upon his resolutions. I can accept his
resolutions, and still voteTor this bill. If, indeed,
we do not wish to annex Mexico—if we wish her
to maintain an independent government, and to
conclude this war by an honorable peace—I ask,
why hesitate to pass this bill, and grant an ade-
quate force and sufficient supplies? But the Sen-
ator wishes to be heard upon this question. If
other gentlemen wish to answer him, these resolu-
tions can be laid upon the table, the public service
attended to, and then a wide discussion can be
entered upon—a discussion which I, for one,
•would be inclined to listen to with much interest.
" Mr. SEVIER. I hope this'bill will be post-
poned, and made the special order at one o'clock
on Wednesday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a single
remark. I think that my honorable friend from
Mississippi is a little mistaken in supposing that
any of the disasters of this war aie attributable to
the tardy legislation on the part of Congress. I
have been here the whole time, and if any blame
is to be attached to Congress for tardy legislation,
of course 1 must come in for my share of that
blame. When was it that we have been guilty of
any tardiness in granting any supplies of men or
money that were demanded by the Executive?
We began by authorizing the Executive to accept
the services of fifty thousand volunteers, and that
force was never exhausted until the fall of last year.
There have been military resources open at all
times to the President, which he might have exer-
cised, and which he has exercised, by calling out
nien to servo during the war. This is the remark
I intended to make. I am satisfied the honorable
Senator meant no rebuke to the Senate; he has
been more meritoriously engaged, and is evidently
under a misapprehension if he supposes that any
such charge can possibly be made upon Congress.
tylr. DAVIS. It is very far from my intention
to rebuke the Senate; but I believe that I am borne
out in what I have stated by proof. We did pass
a bill authorising the raising of iifty thousand vol-
unteers, but all other supplies were cut down—I
mean camp and garrison equipage.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. One word as to that—
my recollection is fresh—that when the appeal was
made for supplies, they were at once granted;
there was not a dollar asked that was not granted,
not an item of supply demanded, that was reduced
in amount. I think the Senate will find this to be
the case. Not a dollar was refused. We were
guided by the estimates that were furnished, and
voted their full amount.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 intended to refui the honorable
Senator, when I was up, to an item that was strick-
en off from the Quartermaster's estimate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not know any-
thing about that, it was not in this body.
Mr. DAVIS. It was stricken off in the House
of Representatives; the item was for camp and
equipage supplies.
The question being taken on the postponement,
it was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, after a short time spent
therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 3,1848.
The Journal ofThursdav was read, and, having
been amended at the instance of Mr. G-oogin so as
to state the reference to the appropriate committee
of a \ etition presented by him, was approved.
THE SOUTHERN MAIL.
^ The SPEAKER announced the pending ques-
tion to be upon the motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to lay on the table the
motion of Mr. Goggin to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution relative to the transportation
, of the mail between this city and Richmond was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the CJnion.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee, inquired ifit would
not be in order this morning to move to suspend
the rules to enable him to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER replied that it would be, after
the pending motion to lay on the table was dispos-
ed of.
Mr'. BOTTS said he did not know whether the
gentleman who made the motion to lay on the table
[Mr. Johnson] was in the House; but if he was,
he would inquire if he would withdraw it to afford
him (Mr. B.) the opportunity on Monday—which
was the only day on whicft, under the rules, it
could be done—to ask the House to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling him to submit a
proposition to refer this whole subject to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
make it the special order for to-Ynorrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Virginia, that if his colleague [Mr.
G-oggin] withdraws his motion to reconsider, the
motion to lay on the table falls, as a matter of
course. Then, the resolutions being already refer-
red, the gentleman will have only to move that
they be made the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose and with-
drew the motion to lay on the tabic.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Goggin to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lutions were referred—
Mr. GOGGIN withdrew that motion.
Mr. BOTTS then asked and obtained the gen-
eral consent to submit a motion making the resolu-
tions relative to the transportation of the southern
mail the special order of the day for to-morrow.
The motion having been agreed to, the said reso-
lutions were accordingly made the special order
for to-morrow.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offeied the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of
authorising lite Heciotaty of U'ai to employ such additional
number of dorks in tin1 Pension Office, temporarily, as the
exigencies of that oifice and the rights of applicants lor
bounty land-, treasuiy scrip, and pensions demand. And
thattlic committee be icquened to report by bill or other-
wise at the earliest piactieable day.
Mr. COCKE desired to offer an amendment to
the resolution, so as to give to the Commissioner
of Pensions, instead of the Secretary of War, the
power to employ the clerks which might be neces-
sary. Unless his colleague should see fit to adopt
such a modification, he would move it as an amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, believed it was con-
trary to the piactice of the Government to autho-
rize the head of a bureau to appoint the clerks.
The Secretary of War was the head of that depart-
ment; the Pension Office was a bureau of that
department, and consequently, he thought, should
be under the direction and control of the Secretaiy
of War. He could not accept the amendment;
and, to stop further debate, he demanded the pie-
vious question on the adoption of the resolution.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the question was put on agreeing to Mr.
Cocke's amendment, \iz : s11ike out the woids
" Secretary of War,'' and insert 44 Commissioner
of Pensions."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then put on agreeing to Mr.
Jones's resolution, and it.was agreed to:
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM NEW YORK.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Rpsolwd, That the parties to the contested election fmm
the sixth Congressional distnet of the State of New York
be, and they hereby are, authorized to lake testimony of
such witnesses as either of them may requne, bj* deposi-
tions, m eonfoinuty to the laws of the State of New York
m force at the time of taking such testimony on the subject
of contested elections m that State: Provided, That tin;
paities may, by agreement under their hands, regulate the
mode of giving notice, and other nutters of form, at their
discretion ; but it no snch agreement -hail be made, then
each party shall give to the other Mich notice of the tune
am! place of takirsr ,-u.ch depositions a=: are pi escribed in the
afoiesaid laws of New Yo<k: Provided, <i?so, That when
such depos-ition*. are taken, they shall, together with the
asrecments or notice?* ator^taid, be sealed up by the officer
taking the same, and dnccted to the Speaker of tins House.
Mr. VINTON moved that the I-Iouse resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union".
"Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, inquired whether
this was not the only day upon which resolutions
could be offered under the rules.
The SPEAKER stated that, under the rules of
the House, each alternate Monday was set apart
for calling the States and Territories for resolu-
tions.
Mri COLLAMER called for the orders of the
day.
RESOLUTION'S.
The SPEAKER then commenced the call of
the States for resolutions, beginning with Maine;
and,
On motion of Mr. HAMMONS, ■
Resolved, That the petition of Daniel H. Warreri for a'
pension and for airearages of pension, with the accompany-
ing papeis, be taken fiom the files of the Clerk, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. ASHMUN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roac^ be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
repealing all laws which make it criminal for citizens to
transport letters and newspapeis by individual or private
means.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. HUDSON moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inqune into the expediency of requesting the Presi-
dent of the United States to withdraw to the east bank of
the Rio Grande our ai roies now in Mexico, and to pro-
pose to the Mexican Government forthwith a tieaty of peace
on the following basis, namely: That we relinquish all claim
to indemnity for the expenses of the war, and that the
boundary between the United States and Mexico shall he
established at or near the deceit between the Nueces and
the Rio Oiande; that Mexico shall be held to pay all just
claims due to our citizens at the commenccniesitof the war,
and that a convention shall beenteied into by tfie two na-
tions to provide foi the liquidation of tho.ve claims and the
mode ot payment.
Mr. HUDSON called for the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BURT*begged leave to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that the resolution
could not appropriately go to the Committee on
Military Affairs, but could be more appropriately
sent to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER intimated that debate was not
in order.
Mr. BURT replied that he merely desired to
make the suggestion to the gentleman from Mus-
sach usetts.
The SPEAKER again announced the first ques-
tion to be on laying on the table.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL asked if all debate
was precluded by the present posture of affairs.
The SPEAKER said it was entirely.
Mr. THOMPSON then witiidrew the motion to
lay on the table, as he found that the resolution
simply proposed an inquiry as to the " expedien-
cy" of doing something.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be now nut.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the resolution
on the table,
Mr. CORB. of Georgia, rose to a question of
order. He suggested to the Chair that it whs not
in order to move to lay on the table a resolution
or bill after the House had directed the main ques-
tion to be now put. The main question to be put
was on the adoption of the resolution, and the
House had directed that the vote on the main
question should now be taken; therefore the .mo-
tion to lay on the table was not in order.
The SPEAKER remaiked, that if this was an
original question, the Chair would have no diffi-
culty in sustaining the position of the gentleman
from Georgia; but the precedents were against
him, the House having heretofore permitted a mo-
tion to lay on the table to be acted upon after the
main question had been ordered. Repeated prece-
dents might be quoted in cases which arose on
decisions of the three last Speakers, where appeals
were taken to the House from decisions of the
Chair, and reversed by votes of the House. The
Chair, therefore, according to precedent, but with
a perfect willingness to have his decision set aside,
decided the motion to be in"order.
Mr. H. COBB said, t'ie Chair was undoubtedly
right as regarded the precedents; but-believing the
precedents to be wrong, to try the sen.se of the
House upon it, he now appealed from the decision
of the Chair, and asked for the yeas and nays
thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER restated the question and the
grounds of his decision.
The question was then put, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House 3
and it was dccided in the affirmative by yeas and
nays—yeas 91, nays 85.
