1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
Resolved, That from and after the passing, of this resolu-
tion, it shall not be in order to entertain a motion tolayupon
the table after a second to the previous question, notwith-
standing any practice or precedents to the contrary.
On motion of Mr. BLANCHARD,
Resolve^ That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of locating a national
foundryin the town of Hollidaysburg, Blair county, Penn-
sylvania.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of relieving vessels exclu-
sively engaged in the coasting trade from the necessity of
taking out an annual license, and from other exactions now
required hy Jaw.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved the
following preamble and joint resolution ; which
were read, and laid over under the rule:
Whereas, in pursuance of the existing war with Mexico,
a laige portion of the territory of that Republic has been
reduced tnto our possession by rhe army and navy of the Uni-
ted States, and for this and other causes it ha* become
difficult if not impracticable torcftore a pemianent and hon-
oiable peace by any treaty that could be landed by any consti-
tutional authority in Mexico which would berucogniztd and
observed by the people and States of that Republic, and
sanctioned b> the Pie."ident and two-thirds of the Senate of
these United States; arid, as a protracted war will necesaa-
rily be attended with a vast expenditure of blood ami treas-
ure on the part of the United States, and probably result in
the complete conquer and permanent subjugation of the
whole of Mexico; and as the said territory is now free, and
nru-t remain so until its character be changed by local taws
enacted by the citizens thereof:
And whereas it is believed that the people of that country
are anxious to secme for themselves and their posterity
that degree of tranquillity, liberty, and protection, which
we enjoy, and that the prosperity of the people of both
countries, and the cause of humanity, peace, and civiliza-
tion, would be promoted by their voluntary union under one
confederacy, and the consequent va*t enlargement of our
home maiket, and free interchange of their staples and
specie for our product"! and manulactures :
Be it therefore resolved hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj Jlmerica in Congress assem-
ble.^ That any of the States or Terntones within the limits
of the Republic of Mexico, now occupied by the armies of
the United States,, or under the military government thereof,
may be admitted, horn time to time, as States or Territories
of the American (Jnion, upon the free and voluntary appli-
cation of a majority of the people of such State or Terri-
tory for that purpose, and the presentation by them to Con-
gies^ of a republican constitution or form of government,
in conformity with the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States.
THANKS TO GEN. TAYLOR THE WAR.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware—previous no-
tice having been given—introduced the following
joint resolution of thanks to Major General Tay-
lor :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Reprcsentnlives of the
United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That the
thanks of <Jongre>s are duC, and they are hereby tendered,
to Major General Zachary Taylor, and through him to the
officers and soldiers of the regular army and of the volun-
teers under his command, for their indomitable valor, skill,
ami good conduct, conspicuously displayed on the *>id arid
23d days of February last, in the battle of Ru.jna Vi<ta, in
defeating a numerous Mcxican army, consisting of four
time* their number, and composed of cbo-en troops, under
their favorite commander. General Santa Anna, and there-
by obtaining a victory over the enenn, which, for its signal
and brilliantcharacter,is unsurpassed in the military annals
of the world.
Resolved, That the President of the United States bo re-
quested to eau«e to be struck a gold medal, with devices
emblematical of this splendid achievement, and presented
to Major General Taylor, as a testimony of the high t-eu^e
entertained by Congress of his judicious and distinguished
conduct on that memorable occasion.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cans-} the foregoing repolutions to be communi-
cated to Major General Taylor in such manner as he may
deem best calculated to effect the objects thereof.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, desired to offer an
amendment, which he sent up to the Clerk's table,
and moved the previous question on the adoption
of the amendment and resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolutions were
not now open to amendment.
Mr. CUMMINS inquired if they could now be
considered as a matter of course if objections were
made.
The SPEAKER replied, that the resolutions
having been received, they would now be read a
first time by their title. After the first reading, if
objections were made, th'ey would lie over for a
second reading until to-morrow.
The icsolutions having been read a first, and, no
objection being; made, a second time—
Mr. JAMIESON moved their commitment to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVAN'S now proposed to offer his amend-
ment, and renewed the demand for the previous
question thereon.
The SPEAKER replied, that their commitment
being Galled for, Lhat question was first in order.
The question then being on committing to the
Committee on Military Affairs—
Mr. GAYLE demanded the yeas and nays. i
Mr. JAMIESON withdrew the motion to com- j
mit.
Mr. SCHENCK renewed it.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, said, he appre-
hended there would be no objection to the adop-
tion of the resolution. No gentleman in this
House would vote against a resolution of thanks to
General Taylor and the officers of his command.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Delaware that debate was not in order.
Mr. EVANS again intimated his desire to offer
the following amendment:
Resolved, That the capitulation of Monterey meets with
the entire sanction and appiobation of this Congie&s; and
that the term-* of that capitulation were as creditable to the
humanity and skill of the gallant Taj lor as the achievement
of the victory of Monterey was glorious to our arms.
Some conversation ensued between the SPEAK-
ER, Mr. SCHENCK, Mr. EVANS, and others.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, to obviate all
difficulties, moved the pievious question on the
original resolution
The previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER again announced the question
to be on the motion to refer to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend, by adding an j
instruction to the committee to add the words
" engaged as they were in defending the rights and
honor of the nation." On this he asked for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words £< in a war unneces-
sarily and unconstitutionally begun by the Presi-
dent of the United States.''
Mr. McLANE said, before he recorded his vote,
he desired 
The SPEAKER interposed, and informed the
gentleman from Maryland that debate was not in
order; if it became the subject of debate, it would
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. McLANE said he had an amendment to I
offer. |
The SPEAKER said no amendment was in !
order at present.
After some further conversation, the yeas and
nays were ordered on Mr. Asiimun's amendment
to the amendment; and, being taken, they resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Ci. Adams, A«hmun, Barringer,
Barrow, Belcher, Bolts, Brady, Buekner, Canhy, Ciimmian,
Cocke, Collamei, Conger, Cran>ton, Crowell, Orozier,
Dickey, Dixon. Donnell, Duer, D.imol Duncan, Garnett
Duncan, Dunn/Eekeit, Ed v\ aids, Alexander Evan?, Nathan
Evans, Filler, Fulton, Gajle, Gentty, Giddmtrs, Goggin,
Grmncil, Hah-", Nathan K. ila.il, James Q. Hampton, Has-
kell, Henrv, John W. Houston, iluhhaid, JfmLson, Trvin,
Kellogg, Thoina* Butler King, IJaniel P. King, Lincoln,
Meflwune, Mar-h, Marvin, Mullin, Nes, Newall, Preston,
Putnam, Reynolds, Julius- Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Rum=ey, St. John, Schenek, Shepperd, SherriH, Slin-
gerland, Caleb B. Smith, Tiunrm Smith, Stephen-, Andrew
Stewart, Strohm, Sylve tei, Tmbodeaux, Taylor, Tomp-
kins, Richard W. Thompson, John B Thompson, Toombs,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, and Wilson—85.
NAYS— Messrs. BeaJe, Bedmger, ihrd<ail, Black, Bow-
don, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Charles Brown, Cath-
cart, Cha^e, Beverly L. Claik, Howell Cobb, Wilhamson
R. W. Cobb, Cummins, Daniel, Dickin-on, Faran, Feather-
ston, Ficklm. Fries, Ficnch, Green, Willard P. Hall, Moses
Hampton, Harmancon, Hairi«, Henley, Hill, George'8.
Houston, Inge, Charles J. Jnsjersoll, Jamie^on. Jenkins, An-
diew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.Jones,Kauf-
man, Kennon. Lahm, La S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler,
Lord, Lumpkin, McClelland, McClernand, M< Dowell, Mc-
Lane, Mann, M-ade, Millei,Moiris, Mor-e, Murphy, Peas-
lee, Peck, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhett, Richardson, Richey,
Robinson, Roeklull, Sawyer, Sims, Smart, Robert Smith,
Stanton. Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, William Thompson,
Thurston, Turner, Venablt, Wick, and Williams—81.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, inquired if it
would be in order to move to lay the amendment
as amended on the table .
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. COBB asked for the reading of the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. HALE asked for the reading of the resolu-
tion as well as the instructions, as amended.
The instructions as amended having first been
read—
Mr. COBB rose and said : The amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
ley,] as amended by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] presented such a remark-
able issue that he must propose to discuss it.
| The subject accordingly lies over until to-mor-
' row, under the rule.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Previous notice having been given, leave was
granted, and bills introduced, as follows :
By Mr. PEASLEE : A bill for the settlement
of the claims of New Hampshire'against the Uni-
ted States; which was twice read, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.. .
Also, a bill to change the place of holding courts
in New Hampshire; which was twice read,a*ndre-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: A bill
to revise the consular system of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
And on motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 4, 1848.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Jones and Boker and others, praying the repay-
ment of certain treasury notes purloined from the
post office where they had been deposited for
transmission by mail; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Henrick
Aiker, praying an extension of his patent for an
improvement in the saw set; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Betsey
Mcintosh, a Cherokee, praying payment of the
money awarded her by the Board of Cherokee
Commissioners, under the 17th article of the treaty
of 1835; which was referred to the Committee on
Ind ian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of the
Kennet Monthly Meeting of the religious Society
of Friends, in Chester County, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the district of Co-
lumbia, and the slave-trade between the States;
also the rejection of any proposition for the acqui-
sition of territory, unless provision be made for
the expulsion of slavery therefrom.
The motion to receive the memorial being ob-
jected to—
Ordered, That it he on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented the proceedings of
a town meeting iu Philadelphia, held on the 18th
December, 1847, approving the measures pursued
by the Administration in the prosecution of the
war with Mexico. '
In presenting these proceedings, Mr. CAME-
RON temarked, that he agreed with those com-
posing the meeting in every particular, and that
lie should deem H his duty, as a Senator, to act in
accordance with their wishes.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communicate to
the Senate such military reports as have been received by
him from the commander of our army in Mexico sauce the
transmission of his annual report, and that the same be
printed with Jus annual report.
Mr. BUTLER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the expediency of giving the President authority to
promote from the regular army such offieeis as he may
think proper to select to any new grade of command, to
continue during the war with Mexico, with a provision that
such officer or officers shall not lose at the termination of
the war their ouginal commissions, or any of the rights
mcideat thereto.
OREGON.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BREESE asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to create the office
of Surveyor General of public lands in the Terri-
tory of Oregon, and to grant donation rights to self
tiers therein, and for other purposes; which was
read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, gave notice of
his intention to ask leave, at some futwre day, to
introduce a bill.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Charles L. Dell, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Joseph Wil-
son was read a third time.
