96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4.
Resolved, That this bill pass, and that the title
thereof be as aforesaid. j:
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concur- ij
rence of the House of Representatives therein. j
The joint resolution to create a hoard to ascer- j
tain and determine the amount uf each of the claims ,
of the citizens of the United States against Mexico ,
was retid a second time, and referred to the Com- j
mittee on Foreign Relations. :
The bill providing for the payment of the claim j
of Walter R. Johnson against the United States ••
was read the second time, and considered as in ;
Committee of the Whole-, and no amendment being ■
made, it was leported to the Senate. j
Ordered, That it be engrossed, and read a third
time.
The said bill was read a third time by unani-
mous consent.
Resoked, That this bill pass, and that the title '
thereof be as aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concur- j
rence of the House of Representatives therein.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
"Whole, the consideration of the biU for the relief of
the admmismunx of Eusha L. Keen, deceased.
No amendment bcingmade, the bill was icpoited
to the Senate. ;
Ordered, That it be engrossed and read a third ;
time. |
The said bill was read a third time. i
Resolved, That this bill pass, and that the title
thereof he as aforesaid.
Orde,r-ed> That the Secretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives in this bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill concerning certain j
collection districts, and for other purposes; and
no amendment being made, it was reported to the
Senate.
Ordered, That it-be engrossed, and read a third
time.
The said hill was read a third time.
Resolved, That the bill pass, and that the title
thereof be a** aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives therein.
The Sennte proceeded to consider, as m Com-
mittee of the Wro'e. the resolution in favor cf
David Shaw and Solomon T. Corscr; and no
amendment being runde, it was reported to the
Senate.
Ordered, That it be engrossed, and read a third
time. *
The said resolution was read a third time.
Resolved, That this resolution pass, and that the
title thereof be as aforesaid.
Ordered, Th*t the Secretary request the con-
currence of the House of Representatives in this
resolution.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes was
read the second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole; and no amendment being
made, it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SEVIER called for the lending of there-
poit. and it was read by the Secretary.
Ordered, That the bill be engrossed, and read a
third time.
CO-YQL'lfiST OF MEXICO.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to t\1b consideration of the special order of
the day, being the following resolutions, submitted
by Mr. Calhoun, on the loth Decembei:
ResolveTn.it t'  concjiiPi and to hoiti if, either
.1 provijir;*'or to Mi'.-orp.uat''1 !t into th<4 Union, wouM b<;
iiicoiisrir-tont with the avo^ eil object for winch the war has
I) joh ufcfvi: a d«'[>urmi ■ nom the policy (if the
(i •.•eniin -ur; in confi'et w lm it- clitira< ler <)vi L'fciuus ; and
m the I'nd tu^vervp-f of our frcf and popular institution*.
ReiylwL That n'> line o, pwhey in ill-1 1 irtiK'r prosecu-
tion oi tiie w u simuM he adopted which may lead to eon-e-
M> tlu-cWiou4;.
Mr. CALHOUN said : In offering, Senators,
rhesc resolutions for vour conssdeiaUon, I htve
been governed by tin. reasons which induced me to
)s<: the wo,"and by the same considerations I
have h '( n since iruided. In alluding to my
oppo-.m< >91 to tii3 v. ar, 1 do not intend to notice the
rexxon* which ^-owoned me on that occasion, fur-
ther ih.'in is !)>-<-r>-dry to explain my motives upon
the pivsen;. ? opp.w"d war then, not only be-
cause I cons'dei'd ,f U'!ne'"c>sary, and that it
-might have been easily avoided; not only because
1 thought the Pteside'nt had no authority to order
a portion of the territory in dispute and in posses- j,
sion of the Mexicans, to be occupied by our
troops; not only becausc I believed the allegations ,
upon which it was sanctioned by Congress, were ,
unfounded in truth; but from high considerations j;
of reason and policy, because I believed it would
lead to great and serious evils to the country, and ,
greatly endanger its free institutions. j
But after the war was declared, and had re- !
ceived the sanction of the Government, I acqui-
esced in what 1 could not prevent, and which it was
impossible for me to arrest; and I then felt it to be ,
my duty to limit my course so as to give that di-
rection to the conduct of the war as would, as far
as possible, prevent the evil and danger with which,
in my opinion, it threatened the country and its
institutions. For this purpose, at the last session,..
I suggested to the Senate a defensive line, and for
that purpose I now offer these resolutions. This,
and this only, is the motive which governs me. I
am moved by no personal nor party considera-
tions. My object is neither to sustain the Execu- :
tive, nor to strengthen the Opposition, but simply
to discharge an important duty to the country. ,
I But 1 shall express my opinion upon all points ■
with boldness and independence, such as become
a Senator who has nothing to ask, either from the
Government or fiom the people, and whose only
aim is to diminish, to the smallest possible amount, ,
the evils incident to this war. But when I come (
to notice those points in which I differ from the
President, I shall do it with ail the decorum which
is due to the Chief Magistrate of the Union.
When I suggested a defensive line, at the last
session, this country had in its possession, through .
the means of its arms, ample territory, and stood
m a condition to force indemnity. Before then,
the successes of our arms had gained all the con-
tiguous portions of Mexico, and our army has
ever since held all that it is desirable to hold—
that portion whose population is spaise, and on
that account the more desirable to be held. For
I hold it in reference to this war a fundamental
principle, that when we receive territorial indem-
nity, it shall be unoccupied territory.
In offering a defensive line, I did it because I
believed that, in the first place, it was the only
certain mode of terminating: the war successfully;
I did it, also, because I believed that it would be
a vast saving of the sacrifice of human life; but,
above ail, I did so because I saw that any other
line of policy would expose us to tremendous
evil, which these resolutions were intended to
guard against. The Piesident took a different
view. He recommended a vigorous prosecution of
the war—not for conquest : that was disavowed—
but for the purpose of conquering peace; that is,
to compel Mexico to sign a treaty making a suffi-
cient cession of territory to indemnify this Gov-
ernment both for the claims of its citizens and for
the expenses of the war. Sir, I opposed this
policy. I opposed it, among other reasons, be-
cause I believed that if the war should be ever so
successful, there was great hazard to us, at least,
that the object intended to he effected by it would
not be accomplished. Congress thought ditlei-
ently. Ample piowsions, m men and money,
weie granted for carrying on the war. The cam-
paign has terminated, it has been as successful
as the Executive of the country could possibly
have calculated. Victory after victory has fol-
lowed m succession, without a single reverse.
Santa Anna was repelled and defeated, with all his
forces. Vera Cruz was carried, and the Castle
with it. Jalapa, Perote, and Puebla fell; and,
after two great triumphs of our army, the gates
of Mexico opened to us. Well, sir, what has
been accomplished? What has been done Has
the avowed object of the war bten attained?
Have we conquered peace' Have we obtained a
tieaty : Have we obtained any indemnity ' No,
sir: not a single object contemplated has bten
effected; and, what is worse, our difficulties are
greater now than they were then, and the objects,
forsooth, more difficult to reach than they were
before the campaign commenced.
Now Senators hnve asked-what hos caused this
complete discomfiture of the "views of the Execu-
tive for which men and money were granted? U
is not to be charged to our troops-, they have done
fill that skill and gallantry was capable of ellecttng.
it must be charged somewhere, and where is it to
be charged, bat upon the fact that the plan of the
campaign was erroneous; that the object pursued
was a mistake? We aimed at indemnity in a
wrong way. If we had aimed directly to it, wc
had the means to accomplish it directly; they
were in our hands. But, sir, we aimed at indem-
nity through a treaty. We could not reach it by
a treaty with Mcxico, and Mexico, by refusing to
treat simply, could defeat the whole object which
1 we had in view. We put out of our own power,
; and in her hands to say, when the war should ter-
minate.
We have for all our vast expenditure of money,
' for all the loss of blood and men, we have nothing
but the military glory which the campaign has
furnished.
We cannot, I presume, estimate the expenses of
the campaign at less than forty millions of dolhus.
I cannot compute the sum with any degree of pre-
i cision, but I believe I may say about that sum,
■ and between the sword and disease, many thou-
sands of lives, probably five, six, or seven thou-
sand have been sacrificed; and all this for nothing
' at all.
I But it is said that the occupancy of a defensive
| line would have been as expensive as the campaign
! itself. The President has assigned many reasons
i for that opinion, and the Secretary of War has
; done the same. I have exarpined these reasons
with caie. This is not the proper occasion to dis-
[ cuss them; but I must say, with all possible defer-
' ence, they are to my mind utterly fallacious I
will put the question in a general point o' view, and
; satisfy the nnnds of Senators that such is the case.
' The line proposed by myself, extending from
; the Pacific Ocean to the Paso del Norte, would
!■ have been covered by the Gulf of Cdhfbrnia. and
,1 wilderness peopled by hostile tribes of Indians;
and for its defence, nothing would have been
- needed beyond a fe^v vessels of war stationed in
' the Gulf, and a single regiment. Fiom the Paso
del Norte to its mouth, we can readily estimate
the amount of force necessary for its defence. It
, was a frontier between Texas and Mcxico when
Texas had not more than 150,000 of a population;
without any standing army whatever, and very
few troops. Yet for seven years Texas maintain-
■ ed that frontier line; and that, too, when Mexico
was far more consolidated than she is now, when
her revolutions were not so frequent, her resources
| in money were much greater, and Texas her only
i opponent. Can any man believe that Mexico,
exhausted as she now is, piostrated as she has
been, defeated—can any man behese that it wiil
cost as much to defend that frontier as the last
campaign has cost? No, sir. I will hazard noth-
ing in asserting that the very interest of tiie money
: spent in the last campaign would have secured that
,! line for an indefinite period, and that the men who
'I have lost their lives would have been more than
i sufficient to defend it.
;S So much for the past; we now come to the com-
1 mencement of another campaign; and the quesu.m
i is, What shall be done? The same meisunsare
proposed. It is still "a vigorous pro>ecutiou o?
the war." The measures are identic lily the same,
i It is not for conquest—that is now as emphatically
■' disowned ns it was in the first msta-Ke. The ob-
ject is not to blot Mexico out of tin: h^t of nations,
1 for the President is emphatic m tho cxprrsM'">n
of his desne to maintain the nationality of- Mcxi-
co. He desires to see her an independent and
flourishing community, and assigns strong- and co-
gent reasons for all that. Well, sir, the question
is now, What ought to be done' We are now
, coming to the practical question. Shall we aim ot
carrym^on another vigorous campaign under pres-
ent circumstances ?
Mr. President, I have examined this question
with care, and 1 repeat, that I cannot support
the recommendations of the President. There are
m \ny and powerful reasons, stronger than tho>e
which existed at the commcncMnrm of the ia-H
. campaign, to justify my opposition now. The
' cost in money will be vastly gi<-at -r. There i^ a
' bill for ten additional regiments now hfiore the
Senate, and another bill providing for twenty r^gi-
, meists of voiunteeis has been t epoi fed, making in
all, not less, I suppose, ihan twrnty-fuc thousand
• troops: raising the numberof troops m thes«-rvice
as, I presume, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs can inform you—to not truich less
fh-iii M.-vcnty thousand in the whole. "Wcil^sir,
the expense will be much more than UmI of the
lastcumpj!gn„ It will cost not much shoitof six-
. ty millions of dollars.
