THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRl'NTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st .Session
THURSDAY, JANUARY 6,1848.
New Series No. 7.
Now, sir, what is the condition of the money
market at present ? Last year it was moat flourish-
ing. An unfortunate famine in Europe created a
great demand for our agricultural products. The
balance of trade was in our favor. If money
poured out at one end of the sub-treasury, it poured
in at the other. But how stands the case now?
We stand now with a drain both ways. The ex-
changes are in our favor, and therefore, instead of
gold and silver, drafts founded on exports will be
remitted. The exchanges in Mexico must be met
either by remittances in gold and silver, or by
drafts drawn in favor of British merchants, or
other capitalists there, which must be cashed here
and also transmitted abroad. Now, sir, what will
be the operation of this state of things ? How long
can this continue? What is the present price of
treasury notes and of stocks in the market? Are
they above par? No, sir. I see them quoted be-
low par. I understand the treasury notes are sen-
sibly below par, and stocks still lower. Now,
what is ta be the result > So long as treasury notes
are below par—so long as they are the cheaper
medium—the end of it will be, that treasury notes
will go into the treasury, and specie come out of
it. There is very great danger that at last your
treasury will be drained to the bottom.
Now, sir, in this state of things, what can pos-
sibly follow ? A great commercial crisis—a great
financial crisis—even, possibly, a suspension of the
banks. I do not pretend to deal in the language of
panic; but there is danger of all this, of which there
^as not the slightest apprehension at the com-
mencement of last session. At present, there is
great danger. The great difficulty in prosecuting
your campaign will be to obtain money. Men you
may raise, hut money it will be difficult to get. 1
lately conversed with a gentleman who ought to
know these things better than myself, and he sup-
posed that forty millions of dollars would be re-
quired, either in the shape of treasury notes or
stocks, to carry on the campaign. I asked at
■what price money could be had; and the reply
was, that it would be at the rate of ninety for one
hundred; which would be rather more than seven
per cent., I believe.
But, sir, these are not the only objections, for-
midable as they are. The farther you proceed, '
the difficulties will increase. • I do not see the 1
slightest chance that can tend lo'the realization of,
what it is avowed the prosecution of the war is j
intended to accomplish. The object is to obtain i
a treaty. We no longer hear of conquering a j
peace, but of obtaining an honorable tieaty; the |
meaning of which is, neither more nor less than ]
that we are to obtain a treaty from Mexico, giving j
cs a cession of land equal to the whole indemnity j
already stated in the former part of my remarks, i
Well, sir, as it strikes me, whether the war is sue- [
cess'ful or unsuccessful, it must certainly end in I
the defeat of the object, for the attainment of which !
it is avowedly prosecuted. If the war be unsuc- j
cessful, I need notargue the point. If we should i
be baffled in our arms—as I trust we will not be, |
and I think is not very likely to be the case—but
if circumstances should prove unfortunate for us,
and we should not be able to accomplish, in a mili-
tary point of view, what is characterized as a vig-
orous prosecution of the war, then certainly there
will be no treaty. I take higher ground. I insist
upon it that the more successfully this war is pro-
secuted the more certain will be the defeat of
the object designed to be accomplished, whilst the
objects disavowed will be accomplished.
How is a successful war to b'e carried on ? What
is the object of it? What is it intended to effect?
I can see but one thing to be effected. It is to
suppress all resistance in Mexico, to overpower
and disperse her army, to overthrow her civil
Government, and to leave her without any further
Eower of resistance. Well, Mr. President, if that
e done, what is the result? How are you to get
an honorable peace? It takes but one party to
make war—two parties to make peace. If all
authority in Mexico be overthrown, if there be no
legitimate power with whom to negotiate, how are
you to accomplish those objects which it is pro-
claimed this vigorous prosecution of the war is
intended to effect? Sir, you are defeated by your
success. That will be the clear and inevitable
result, put what do you accomplish? The very
object which,you disavow. " For if the war should
be so prosecuted, where will be the nationality of
Mexico ? Where her separate existence ? Where
this free Republic with whom you desire to treat?
Gone! Wc have blotted her out of the list of
nations. She has become a mere mass of individ-
uals without any political existence, and the sov-
ereignty of the country, at least for the time being,
is transferred to us. Now, Mr. President, this is
not only a conclusion from reasoning upon this
subject, but it is one to which, if I understand the
President aright, he comes, with a single excep-
tion, and that a mere contingency not likely to
take place. The President has very much the
same conception of the object of a vigorous war
as I have presented. He says that the great
difficulty of getting, peace results from this,#that
the people of Mexico are divided under factious
chieftains, and that the chieftain in power dares
not give peace because his rival would then
be able to turn him out; and that the only way
to remedy this evil and obtain a treaty, is to put
down the whole of them. W^ell, what is to be
done then? Is the thing to stop there? No. We
are then to build up again, and establish, under em-
power and protection, a republican form of gov-
ernment from the citizens who are well disposed,
which he says arc numerous, and are prevented
from obtaining it, only by fear of those military
chiefs. And it is with this government, sir, which
is to grow up under the encouragement and pro-
tection of our army—to be established by their
authority—that it is proposed to treat, in order to
obtain peace. I must confess I am a little at a loss
to see how a free and independent republic can
grow up under the protection and authority of its
conqueror. I do not see how such a government
can be established under his authority. I can
readily understand how an aristocracy—how a
kingly government—a despotism, might be estab-
lished by a conqueror. But how a free and inde-
pendent republic can grow up under such circum-
stances, is to me incomprehensible. X had always
supposed that republican government \^as the
spontaneous work of the people—that it came
from the people—from the hearts of the people-
that it was supported by the heaits of the people,
and that it required 110 support—no protection
from any quarter whatever. But, sir, it seems
that these are antiquated notions—obsolete ideas
 and that we may now manufacture republics
to order, by authority of a conquering govern-
ment.
But suppose, sir, all these difficulties surmount-
ed: How can you make a free government in
Mexico? Where are your materials? It is to be,
I presume, a confederated government like our
own. Where is the intelligence in Mexico ade-
quate to the construction of such a government?
That is what she has been aiming at for twenty-
odd years; but so utterly incompetent are her peo-
ple for the work, that it has been a complete fail-
ure from beginning to end. The great body of the
intelligence and wealth of Mexico is concentrated
in the" priesthood, who are altogether disinclined
to that form of government. Then the owners of
the haciendas—the large planters of the country—
who comprise almost all the remaining mass of
intelligence, are without opportunities of concert,
and destitute of the means of forming such a gov-
ernment. Sir, such a government would be im-
possible; and if put up, would tumble down the
very next day after our protection was withdrawn.
It appears to me to be a far more plausible plan,
if it is determined to have peace, to sustain the
Government that now exists in Mexico, or rather,
to refrain from putting it down. Let it grow up
and mature itself. I have conversed with several
of the officers of the army—men of intelligence—
on this subject, and all agree in the opinion that
the mere shadow of a government which now re-
mains at Glueretaro, will have no authority what-
ever; and that if ws were to make a peace in any
degree conformatory to our view of what a peace
ought to be, the very moment we withdraw, it
would all b'e overthrown; and what then ? The
very country assigned to us by the peace for an
indemnity, we must either hold defensively and be
brought back ultimately lo the defensive line, which
would be the end of the whole of it; or, return and
renew this war till it terminates in the conquest of
the country.
I protest utterly against this Government under-
taking to build up any government in Mexico with
the pledge of protection. The party placed in
power must be inevitably overthrown, and we will
be under the solemn obligation to return and rein-
state them in power; and that would occur again
and again, till the country would fall into our
hands "precisely as Hindostan fell into the hands
of the English. This very conquest of Hindostan,
which we have been censuring for years and years,
ever since I recollect, was the result of mistaken
policy, leading on from step to step, each one
deeper and deeper—scarcely any design of con-
quest being entertained; but ultimately conquest
became unavoidable, and it was necessary not only
to hold the country, but to conquer the adjacent
terri tory.
Well, sir, if this contingency follows—if the
Executive fails in establishing another government
there under our encouragement and protection, and
if the Government itself shall lefuse to make a
treaty with us on such terms as we will accept in 1
regard to indemnity, then the President himself
agrees that he must take the very course which I
have said would be the inevitable consequence of a
vigorous prosecution of the war. The President
says in substance, after having attempted to build
up such a government—after having employed the
best efforts to secure peace upon the most liberal
terms, if all fail—I now give his own words—if all
fail, we must hold on to the occupation of the
country; we must take the measure of indemnity"
into our own hands, and enforce such terms as the
honor of the country demands. Now, sir, what is
this? Is it not an acknowledgment, that if this
factitious government, which is aimed at, cannot
be built up, we must make a conquest of the whole
country and occupy it?—can words be stronger?—
" Occupy the country." Take the full measure
of indemnity—no defensive line—no treaty; and
enforce terms—terms on whom? on the govern-
ment? No—no—no. It is to enforce the termson
the people individually; that is to say, to establish
a government over them in the form of provinces.
Well, the President is right. If, in the vigorous
prosecution of the war, as the President proposes,
the contingency should fail—and the chances of
its failure are many—there will be no retreating.
Every argument against calling back the army, as
they designate it—against taking a defensive line—
whieh is now advanced, will have double force
after you have spent sixty millions of dollars, and
have acquired possession of the whole of Mexico.
The interests in favor of keeping us there will be
much more influential then than now. The army
itself will be larger. Those who live by the war—
a large and powerful body : the numerous con-
tractors, the sutlers, the merchants, the specula-
tors in the lands and mines of Mexico, and ail en-
gaged every way, directly or indirectly, in the
progress of the war, and absorbing the whole ex-
penditures—will be all adverse to retiring, and will
swell the cry in favor of continuing and extending
conquest. The President talks, sir, of taking in-
demnity into our hands then; but why not take in-
demnity now? We are much nearer indemnity
now than we will be at the end of the next cam-
paign, when wc shall have sixty millions added
to the expenditure of the last forty. What will
you then have to indemnify you? Nothing but a
Mexican population, on whom you are to impose
taxation in all forms and shapes, and amongst
which you will have to maintain an army of at
least forty thousand men—according to the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,} not a very
lar e number, for he says that the seventy-three
thousand men now there are in danger. That,
then is no indemnity *ou never gel
