1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
to raise, independently of the standing commit-
tees, independently of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs and of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, three select committees on this portion of the
message. Mr. B. thought three select committees,
in addition to those heretofore established, were
altogether unnecessary. He compared the first
resolution of Mr. Vinton, referring to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and that which refers to
a select committee the manner and policy of the
war, and said it seemed to him that the jurisdic-
tion of these two committees would in some meas-
ure conflict; that they would be considering the
same subjects, and making reports covering the
same grounds heie. For these reasons, he hoped
that his substitute would be adopted.
Mr. G1DDINGS said, although it was some-
thing like speaking to empty benches to rise to
address the committee at this time, yet he felt dis-
posed to embrace the present opportunity to call
the attention of those few who should have the
kindness to listen to him, to the circumstances of
the case which was now presented by the Presi-
dent of the United States for our consideration.
He did so the more readily, because there were
many members who hat! not heretofore been par-
ticipants in the consideration of this subject; the
older members would at once recognize an old ac-
quaintance in the claim now presented, and most
of the gentlemen now present would recollect very
distinctly the nature of the claim which they were
now called upon to meet upon the part of the
Spanish Government. In 1839, perhaps as early
as April, certain persons who were Spanish sub-
jects, traders in slaves, took from the coast of
Africa fifty-tsvo or fifty-three negroes, and brought
them to Cuba. They were landed in the month
of May, or perhaps in the last of the month of
June, and placed in the baracoons of Havana.
They remained there some twelve orfourteen days,
when they were transferred by bill of sale from j
the original importers to Montez and Ruiz, who
shipped them on board the Amistad, and sailed for
Principe, on the southern end ®f the island. When
five days out from Havana, they rose upon those
who held them in subjection, and slew the captain
and cook, sent the two sailors on shore in a boat,
and ordered their owners, Montez and Ruiz, to
guide the ship to Africa. Montez and Ruiz guided
the vessel so far north as to come to anchor near
the east end of Long Island, where-the ship and
negroes were taken possession of by Lieutenant
Gedney, in.the employ of the United States. They
were taken to New ftaven, in the State of Con-
necticut, and Lieutenant Gedney filed his claim in
the district court of that State for salvage on both
ship and negroes.
Montez and Ruiz there fijpd their claims to
these negroes, whom they claimed as their prop- j
erty. Claims were also put in by the owners of ij
the Amistad; and several other claimants filed j
their claims before the said court. The vessel was '!
awarded, upon due consideration, to the claim- tf
ants—saving to those who had taken possession |
of it their salvage, which amounted to one-quarter !
or perhaps to one-third its value. The negroes, |
who were the principal subject-matter of litigation, i
were adjudged to be free persons, holding the right j
to their liberty, possessed of the natural rights !
with which they wtre created. They were there- j
fore released by the decree of said court, from i
which an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court i
of the United States; and there, upoty the unani- j
raous judgment of that court, without a dissenting j
voice—more than half of whom were slave own- i
ers—the judgment of the district court was ratified !
and confirmed, and these persons were declared to ;
be in the full possession of their inalienable rights, i
and those who held them in bondage flagrant vio- '
lators of the law of nations. The negroes were
thus set at liberty. This took place in 1840—per-
haps in January—when the final judgment was
rendered in the Supreme Court of the United
States. Subsequently to that, viz: in 1844, the
claimants of these negroes came into this body,
and through the Spanish Minister presented their 1
claims against the United States for the value of
the blood, the sinews, and the bones of those ne-
groes who were thus set at liberty.
Mr. G. regretted most sincerely that the former
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. C. J. Intgersoll] was not present at this
time. If he were, he should feel compelled to treat
the subject in a different manner; yet, though ab-
sent, duty compelled him to say, that in that re-
port he had falsified the solemn record of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and, founding
his report upon the falsehood, had come into this
House and declared that Congress was bound to
pay over $70,000 to the claimants of these slaves.
He did not charge the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, or the chairman who drew up this report,
with any intention of falsification. The gentle-
man's report commenced with a flagrant violation
of truth. He said, " on the 26th August, 1840, a
vessel of the United States took possession, (fee.,
of the Spanish schooner on the coast of Connecti-
cut," &c.
Now, sir, the records of the court show that the
vessel was taken possession of on the 26th August,
1839, instead of 1840. And on this false assump-
tion declares, page 10th of the report, that "the
proof is that they (the negroes) were at least four-
teen months in Cuba." "The owner of these
alleged barbarians, adjudged by the court to be
Africans just kidnapped from their savage state, as
put on the record forthem, states they were kid-
napped from Africa on the 15th April, 1839, and
then transported to Cuba on the 12th June, 1839."
By thus stating the arrival of the Africans at
Havana in 1839, as was really the case, and then
saying they were taken on the coast of Connecti-
cut in August, 1840, which is untrue, the commit-
tee represented the negroes to have been fourteen
months in Cuba, instead of fourteen days. This
false statement is in contradiction to the alleged
facts that they were hosales, or negroes newly im-
ported, instead of " ladinosor negroes long resi-
dent in Cuba. This fact was important, as it is
understood by all that the treaty between Spain
and the United States, and the laws of that king-
dom, interdict the slave-trade.
He regretted that the gentleman who penned
this report was not present; but present or absent,
it became his duty to stamp it with the character
which belonged to it.
Again, at a Subsequent period, at the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, this same report was
again put forth and re-adopted by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and the chairman of the present
Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Smith, of Con-
necticut] put his hand to it that it was true.
[The committee at this time being quite thin—
Mr. Smith, with many others, being absent—Mr.
G. said he wished some of the boys would run and
tell his friend he was talking about him. He
wanted to drive every man out from behind the
bush on this subject.]
He did not believe that the gentleman who was
at present at the head of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs would intentionally endorse such a mis-
j statement. The fact was, he supposed the gentle-
j man did not know whether it was true or false;
1 because it was a question in which slaves were
| involved, he did not examine it. It was the habit
! of northern men to shrink from the investigation
f of any subject in which the peculiar institution
i was involved; they did not like to approach it.
And now what was the consequence? vVhy, his
friend from Connecticut, having admitted the truth
of that report, and confirmed it, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] now moved
to refer the subject again to the very men who had
made this report.
[Mr. Smith now entering the Hall, Mr. G. re-
peated the declaration that the gentleman had en-
dorsed and adopted this report, and it bore his
impress.]
Mr. SMITH, (interposing.) Flow bears my
impress >
Mr. GIDDINGS. Why, as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, by assenting to it.
Mr. SMITH. As a member of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs! Well; I hope I am not to be
held responsible for all the Committee on Foreign
Affairs did during the last Congress.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is nothing on the
record which shows that my friend from Connec-
ticut dissented from it. As 1 said before, I do not
believe he examined the question. But where is
his counter-report? Where is his solemn protest?
Where does he contradict this declaration—this
flagrant falsehood? How has he raised his voice
against this doctrine, which is so unjust in itself,
and which is tending to overthrow our Government
and our liberties?
-Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman from Ohio will
i permit me to refer him to the yeas-and nays, I
think he will find that this question came up in the
House, and.that my name is there recorded.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I beg pardon; there is no
such thing on the record: This report never came
before the House. [A laugh.]
Mr. SMITH. If there is no such thing it is be-
cause this question could not raise strength enough
to get the yeas and nays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know that; and therefore
it was important that my friend should have had
strength enough in his own breast to speak"'th'e
truth, to declare the facts.
He repeated, he wanted every man to take open,
bold ground, as freemen and the representatives of
freemen.
This was not the whole. When the general
appropriation bill was under consideration in the
Senate at the last session, an amendment was at-
tached to it giving $50,000 as a compensation for
these slaves to the claimants. This amendment
came down here; and, after hearing the expose of
his venerable friend who set before him [Mr.
Adams] of some fifteen minutes, there were only
twenty-three persons willing to vote for it in com-
mittee, and in the House only forty. It was hurl-
ed unceremoniously frotn this body, and stamped
with the express disapprobation of the House; and,
having lain over only from that time—the close of
the last session—they were recommended by the
President to make this appropriation, to tax their
constituents, to pay over this money to these deal-
ers in human flesh.
The object of his motion was not to send this
subject to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and,
in naming a select committee, he said he had no
desire or wish to be placed upon that committee.
But it was his desire that the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who had stood
m the relation of counsel to this case from its com-
mencement, should be placed upon it; and then h6
should like to see placed upon it some of the ablest
statesmen and lawyers on the other side of the
case; so that both sides of the question might be
fully presented, and that we should not hereafter
have the records of the country falsified.
It was his object, therefore, to send this subject
to a select committee, that a report might be drawn
up and sent to the people, that they might be thor-
oughly informed in relation to it. He did not knoto
but that it was his duty to speak more at length
on this matter; bu£ would only say that the Presi-
dent had urged them—to do what ? To sustain
the Spanish slave trade. He asks us to tax the
people, to take that which they earn by the sweat
of their brows, to pay men engaged in the slave
trade for the failure of then speculations. This
was a subject not agitated by him; it was urged
upon them by the President, and it had been again
and again urged upon them by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. He wished to disabuse the minds
of any who thought he had agitated this question.
He would take this occasion to say that he had
never agitated the question of slavery here, but to
redeem the North from all participation in it*—
from all unconstitutional participation in it. He
held in his hand a resolution which had been
passed by the Legislature of South Carolina," arid
he rejoiced that he had one occasion to speak tyith
approbation of the action of South Carolina on
the subject of slavery.
The honorable gentleman here read the resolu-
tions to which he referred, which were understood
to deny any right to the free States to interfere
with slavery in the South, and also to Congress
under the Constitution to exercise any control
over it. These, he said, were sentiments which
were concurred in by the North. For himself he
responded most heartily to the resolutions. They
had no power to cause the abolition of slavery in
the South, nor had Congress the right to require
the North to give the institution of slavery'any
support. He desired emphatically to repeat, that
they had here no .power whatever in connexion
with the institution of slavery. This position was
so clearly sustained by the Constitution that he
who runs may read. The doctrine then of the
South Carolina resolutions was true. We^have
no right to interfere with it; we never had any
right to interfere with it. Every movement here-
tofore by which this House has taken jurisdiction
of it was a violation of the Constitution. And yet
the President now asked them to interfere with
that around wh-fch th'e Constitution had thrown a
barrier. He asked them to do that which the peo-
