102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
pie had no ri ht to meddle with, to establish, up- :< The CHAIRMAN reiterated the terms of the
InUl nr nut it down, and iie hoped this House | rule, which he said were imperative.
i /  . _ tUo PvccMiitinf in thie nnv. . tVIV T-TTTT'l^OM ftaifJ his niifQlinn
would refuse to gratify the President m this par-
ticular. Would the Representatives of the North >
make such a concession? Would the Whig party |
yield their assent to such dogmas of the Presi-
dent? If the chairman of the Committee of the
District of Columbia were present he would ask
him if there was any probability of their repealing
the laws of Congress by which they had exer-
cised jurisdiction over this subject in this District1
Mr. HUDSON said his question was, how this
finding of the want of a quorum had been ascer-
tained, as no vote had been taken.
The CHAIRMAN replied that there was evi- j!
dently no quorum present; and as the question was 1
now to be taken on the amendment, it became the
duty of the Chair to order the roll to be called.
Mr. HUDSON said tim Chair had no official
knowledge of the want of a quoium until it had
He directed attention to the slave pen in view of | been ascertained by a count.
this Capitol, in which there was more sighing, and
weeping, and groaning, and more human suffering;
than imagination could paint. From all connex-
ion with such cruelties he wished the people that
he represented to be absolved. He hoped, there-
fore, that Congress would refuse to entertain the
subject, and not, as invited by the President, tax
the people to perpetuate and encourage the inflic-
tion of pain and misery. He desired to wash his
hands of it.
He called the attention of the Honse to the effect
of such interference. It was to encourage the slave
trade on the coast of Africa: it was to involve us
in the crime of piracy. This interference with
slavery had involved us in a wai\ in which now
so much American blood was being poured out,
and the treasures of the nation were squandered
with an extravagance heretofore unknown to this
nation. Were, then, the gentlemen of the North
prepared to respond to the call of the President to
sustain the Spanish slave trade ? Their action on
this important subject at this session of Congress,
would make an interesting chapter in the biography
of many American statesmen. He called upon
Representatives of the people from every section
of the Union to come forward and meet this ques
Mr. BOYD also asked how the want of a quo- !'
rum had been ascertained. Hedesiied to know j
by what test the fact had been discovered. ;
The CHAIRMAN replied thathis own eyes had '
ascertained the fact, and in such circumstances the _
rules made it the imperative duty of the Chair to |
Older the roll to be called. j
Mr. McKAY rose and said, while they had been j
discussing this matter, the pages had been to the .
Senate, and brought in a sufficient number of mem- ;•
hers to constitute a quorum. This, he was of opin- j
ion, was contrary to the spirit of the lule, and he '
hoped the Doorkeeper would avoid this in future, ^
and that, on a recurrence of such a circumstance,
the Chair would older the doors to be closed. !
Mr. BRODHEAD, in exculpation of the Door- |
keener, stated that the pages had acted under his 1
directions. !
There being a quorum now piesent, the ques- ■
tion was taken on the amendment of the gentle- j
man from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] which was deter- ,
mined in the negative. 1
The question then recurred on the substitute of j
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod- ;
head.] j
Mr. YINTON desired to say a word or two in :
tion without excitement. The position which he } explanation of what had been spoken of by the
had laid down, and which he should now sustair
was that this House had no right to interfere with
the subject. They had no right to sustain it in
any State of this Union. They had no right to
impose on any free State the duty of meddling
with it. He hoped, then, that this position would
be sustained, for to do otherwise would involve a
violation of the Constitution. They of the Noith
had neither the power nor the constitutional right
to interfere with it. If that institution were a bless-
ing, let the South take all its blessedness to them-
selves. If it were a curse, let the North be saved
from its malign influences. That the North m'^ht
be redeemed from that curse, he called upon the
Northern Representatives to come forward and
say to slavery, "-Thus far shalt thou 2:0 and no
farther/'
As to the right of the negroes of the Amistad
to do what they did, he had no doubt. They
•were kidnapped from Africa, and had a right to
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead.]
That gentleman had said that it had been the uni-
versal rule heretofore to refer to the Committee of
Ways and Means whatever concerned the finances
and the revenues of the country. In that the gen-
tleman was correct, and he would find that the first
resolution proposed to make such a reference of
all such matters—not only all that relates to the
sub-treasury act, but everything else that belonged
to the revenues of the country.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania said that
that part of the President's message which relates
to tlw3 ''operation" of the sub-tieasury act should
not be disposed of as was proposed by ins (Mr.
V.'s) resolutions. The President,in his message,
explained, m the first place, the operation of the
sub-treasury act and the provisions of law on the
subject of the revenue. But the President said
further, that the sub-treasury act had had a salu-
tary influence 011 the country,and on the commerce
defend themselves by all the laws of God and ! of the country; and he takes great credit to himself :
 * they had the right, too, to rise on their cap- " 1,R infl.iAn«« nn the nf the •
tors, and hurl them into the deep, to achieve their ;
own liberty, just as would the citizens of the 1
North if they should be seized and carried to the
Havana for a like purpose. The position of the
parties (the Spaniards and negroes) was one of '
war; but when the negroes came on our shores,
they were entitled to ail the rights of hospitality
from our people. We had no right to intei fere 1
between them and their captors. They were fiee
men, and they had the rights of freemen. But
we took from them their ship, and gave it to the
Spanish claimants. This was wrong. If we were
now called to give the negroes the value of the
ship, he would vote for it. But he would only
add, that he desired to send the case to a select
committee, in order that we may have full reports
on both sides of the question.
The CHAIRMAN then rose to put the ques-
tion, but said he did not feel at liberty to do so in
the present condition of the committee. One of
its standing rules was to this effect: " Whenever
' the Committee of the Whole on the statp of the
( Union, or the Committee of the Whole House,
' finds itself without a quorum, the chairman shall ,
4 cause the roil of the House to be called, and
4 theieupoii the committee shall rise, and the chair-
i man shall report the names uf the absentees to
4 the Hou->e, which shall be entered on the Jour*
<nul.'} There being now less than a quorum
present, he Jiiectcd the Clerk to call the roll.
Mr. HUDSON inquired how it had been ascer-
tained that there was no quorum present—there -
had been no count.
for its beneficial influence on the commerce of the
country in contradisunction to the levenues. !
[Here a message was received from the Presi- i
dent of the United States, announcing that he had '
approved and signed the bill making appropna- j
tions for subsistence in kind, &c.] !
Mr. YliN'TON then resumed: The President of ;
the United States had thought it important to call |
the attention of the House and of the country to |
the influence the sub-treasury had had on the com- j
merce of the country; the Committee on Commerce j1
then was surely the appropriate committee to have 1
that part under investigation, for the influence of j
the sub-treasury on the commerce of the country j
did not strictly and appropriately belong to the >
Committee of Ways and Means. So far as it j
relates to the revenues of the country it does belong j
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and no I
further. If it had had such an influence as the I
President seemed to suppose on the commerce of i
the country, it was proper that the Committee on
Commeice should act upon it. It was that com- i
nuttee's appropriate province. 1
But the President does not stop there, for he ,
says that the tariff act of 1846 had had a beneficial j
influence 011 the agriculture of the country. He j
did not undeistand the gentleman from Pennsyl- j
vania to object to the reference designed for that
part of the Pi cedent's message. It certainly was
no part of the duty of the Committee of Ways and !
Means to inquire into the operation of measures !
on the agricultural interests of the counti y, except :
so far as related to the raising of revenue. In his
resolutions, therefore, apportioning the President's :
message, he had followed the topics in their ordn*
as touched upon by the President, and had made
such a division as the subjects themselves suggest-
ed.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania also objected
to the raising of a sclect committee to whom shall
be referred all that portion of the President's mes-
sage which relates to the manner in Inch the war
shall be hereafter conducted, and the policy which
was to be pursued. That portion of the Presi-
dent's message which relates to the commencement
of hostilities, &c.,the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia thought should go to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. But the question was as to the manner
in which the war shall hereafter be prosecuted,
and the policy that shall be pursued; and every
gentleman who reflected on that subject, would see
that it was as much a domestic as a foreign ques-
tion. The policy which had been marked out by
the President of the United Shues, involved pro-
posals to incorporate part, if not the whole of
Mexico, into this Union, or that we should hold
it as an indemnity for the expenses of the war.
Here, then, were great questions, which, if ear-
ned out, would, in the end, have a vastly greater
influence on our domestic institutions and our pros-
perity than on Mexico herself.
; It is indeed possible, as is said in the message,
: that these great national movements may in their
effects prove beneficial to Mexico; but, if such
' shall be the result, it will be attained, if at ail, at
a greatly dispropoitionate cost to the United States.
I trust that a subject so great and so important as
this, one of the greatest, certainly, that ever ha^
; been presented by any Executive to the American
people, will be sent (where it ought to go) to a se-
lect committee—a committee of gentlemen selected
1 for this especial duty. The Committee on For-
, eign Affairs, as proposed in the resolutions of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, will have a broader
■ scope for their consideration and action than ever
' was before given to any committee m tins country.
' I do not, however, mean to discuss the subject;
, the time will not permit; but I will say this, that
in reading the message, I was impressed with the
conviction, and I do now solemnly believe, that in
that state paper there are presented a greater num-
ber of weighty and momentous questions—more
; new questions especially, on international law—
than in any Executive message that has appeared
within a quarter of a century past.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose, and expressed a
desire to address the committee on the subject be-
fore it; but not feeling able at this moment, on
account of the state of his health, he moved that
the committee do now rise.
j The motion prevailing, the committee rose ac-
: corditfgly.
| PETITIONS.
i Petitions were presented and disposed of as foi-
' lows, viz:
; By Mr. TRUMAN SMITH : Of officers of
; the army of the United States in Mexico, for a
' further provision by law for the support of the
, families of such ofliceis and soldiers as fail in
, battle or die in the public service. Also, of officers
' of the United States army m Mexico, for an asy-
lum in behalf of invalid soldiers. Also, of officers
of the United States army in i\lexico, for a lettring
1 list of such officers as, by age, infirmity, or other
cause, become incompetent to discharge their field
duties, and that their places be filled in a course
j of regular promotion. Also, of Mis. F. P. Gard-
^ ner for a pension, &c.
I The latter petition was referred to the Comnrnt-
i tee on Military Affairs.
! In presenting the first three petitions, Mr.
i SMITH remarked that they were dated August
: 1st, and consequently before the army entered
into the basin of Mexico, and before the several
1 battles which ended in the capture of the city of
' Mexico. Many of the petitioners who had asked
, Congress to make provision for the families of
those who should fall in battle, were well known
I to have already fallen since they signed the pcti-
| tion. However much doubt he felt in relation to
, the justice of the war, or its origin, or the policy
of sending our armies into the heart of Mexico,
; he could never hesitate in hi« advocacy of a meas-
ure of simple justice to those who had fallen in
'their country's service. He moved that the me-
morials be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
