104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
character of that gentleman forbade such a suppo- }
sition. And yet the positive assertion that, by the I
last Congress, a call was made on, and fully an- ]
swered by the Executive, giving all the informa-
tion which this resolution called for, astonished
him, (Mr. A,,) who was a member of that Con-
gress. During the last Congress, a resolution was
offered by a gentleman from Mississippi calling
for the correspondence of General Taylor, and he
(Mr. A.) had the honor of offering an amendment
similar to this resolution, for the purpose of ob-
taining all instructions and despatches in connec-
tion with the return of Santa Anna, on which the
yeas and nays were taken; but, instead "of the
gentlemen on the other side consenting to the call,
he held in his hand a book which showed that
they voted against it, and it did not pass.
Mr. McLANE rose to explain. Having had
an opportunity again to hear the resolution read,
he was understood to say that he had mistaken its
object. He was now ready to vote for the call
proposed.
Mr. ASHMI7N was sure the gentleman from
Maryland was laboring under a misapprehension
when he made the assertion he had now with-
drawn. He (Mr. A.) was about to read a call
for General Taylor's correspondence to show him
the error which he had now so frankly acknowl-
edged. There was no call for these papers. It
was attempted, but it was refused by the political
friends of the gentleman from Maryland. The
instructions to Mr. Slidell never had been furnish-
ed, though he believed, there was a call of *he Sen-
ate for the correspondence between Mr. Slidell and
Mr. Buchanan. The President's war message
contained papers on that subject; but Mr. Slidell's
instructions had never been furnished, nor did any
one know under what instructions Mr. Slidell
went to Mexico. This resolution called for com-
munications between President Polk and Santa
Anna, to which he now understood the gentleman
from Maryland withdrew his objections.
Mr. BAYLY said lie desired to offer an amend-
ment to the resolutions.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman from Vir-
ginia that there was one amendment already pend-
ing,offered by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane.]
Mr. RAYLY thought it hnd been withdrawn,
but was informed that it had not. He then ob-
served that the resolutions ought to be amended.
All he wished was, that the usual qualification
should be appended which had always accompa-
nied important calls for information in relation to
our foreign affairs, viz: if compliance with the call
should not be incompatible with the public inter-
est. The resolution, as it stood, was exceedingly
broad; it embraced all orders given to officers,
whether of the army or navy, touching the return
of every person who had been admitted into Mex-
ico, not only Santa Anna, but every other person.
It surely could not be proper, in the present pos-
ture of our affairs, to insist on such a call in an
unqualified form. He asked, therefore, that the
qualification which had been usual in all similar
calls from the foundation of the Government should
be appended to this one, viz: "if not incompatible
with the public interest."
Mr. GOGrGrirs said, that as he had had the honor
to present the resolution, and the gentleman on the
other side had avowed his readiness to vote for it,
he would move the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of^Mississippi, desired to
propose an amendment, which he hoped would be
accepted as a modification, and which he wished
read for information.
It was read,, and was substantially as follows:
" that the President also communicate any orders, if
any were given, in relation to the return of Paredes
to Mexico."
Mr. GOGGIN said he was perfectly willing to
accept this as a modification of his resolution; and,
having done so, lie renewed his call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. BAYLY so id that if the motion for the pre-
vious question should prevail, he would be de-
prived of the opportunity to move the modification
he had indicated—a modification which had never,
as he recollected, been refused.
Mr. GOGG1X smd that the acceptance of such
a modification would, in his judgment, be equiva-
lent to giving up the resolution entirely.
The question being on seconding the call for the
previous question, it was decided by yeas and nays
as follows: Ayes 98, noes not counted. So the
call was seconded.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to adjourn. Lost.
The question then being, Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered;
and, being taken, resulted as follows: Yeas 108,
nays 65.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, then moved to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired of the Chair-
if the morning hour devoted to the consideration
of resolutions had not expired ?
The SPEAKER said it had; and read the 27th
rule.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
proceed to the ordeis of the day.
Mr. HAMMONS moved that the House ad-
journ. Disagreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Chair, if the
House refused to proceed to the orders of the day,
whether the resolution would not still remain be-
fore the House.
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
The question to proceed to the orders of the day
was then put, and disagreed to.
And the question on Mr. Houston's motion to
lay the resolution on the table was also disagreed
to.
After come suggestions, inquiries, and conver-
sation between the Speaker and various members,
which, amid the confusion, escaped the ear of the
reporter—
The SPEAKER observed that some doubt had
been expressed as to whether the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] had been withdrawn.
Mr. McLANE said that he had not withdrawn
the amendment; and, as it had not yet been acted
upon, he believed it was his right still to modify it.
He would therefore modify it by adding the usual
qualification, " if, in his opinion, it shall not be in-
compatible with the public interest.
Some confusion here took placc, several gen-
tlemen rising at once and insisting that the gentle-
man from Maryland had no right to make the
modification after the previous question had been
ordered.
Tiie CHAIR decided that every member had a
right to withdraw or modify any amendment he
might have offered previous to any independent
action of the House on such amendment.
From this decision Mr. TOOMBS took an ap-
peal.
The question of order was debated at some
length, and the question being on sustaining the
decision of the Chair—
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House ad-
journ. Disagreed to.
The question on the appeal was then put, to wit:
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?,,
It was decided in the negative by yeas and nays:
Yeas 52, nays 115.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. McLANE then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WICK moved that the House adjourn.
Disagreed to.
Mr. BAYLY asked to be excused from voting j
on the question on agreeing to the resolution, j
which motion he withdrew before a decision on
the subject was had.
The question was then put on agreeing to the ;
resolution, and it was decided by yeas and nays m i
the affirmative: Yeas 145, nays 15, as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John CAuincy Adams, Gieen
Adams. A-innun, Barnnger, Beak, Bednigei, Belcher,
Bingham, Bl.uiehard, Botts, Bowdon, Boy don, Brady,
Buelciter, Butt, Butler, Cabell, Canity, Cathf-art, Chapman,
Bt've)]} L. (lark, Chngman, Cocke, ColJaimr, Conget,
Cranston, CroweH,Croziei, Dickey, Dk'km>o , Dixon, Don-
nell, Dut r, Daniel Duncan, Gamut Duncan, Dunn, Kf kcrt,
Edwards, Ernbree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans. Faran,
Farreily.Featherstori. Ficklin, Fisher,Freedley, French, Ful-
ton, Gayle, Gentiy, Giddings, Goggin, Gott, Green, Gregory,
Gnnnell, Hide, Willard P. Hall, N. K. Hall^Mos-es Hampton,
Ilarri*. Ua?krll, Henley, Henry, Hi! iard, John W. Houston,
Hubbard, Hudson, Inge, Charles J. Inaersoll, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Jolm VV. Jones,
Keliogg, T. B. Km2, Darnel P. King, Lahm. Win. T. Law-
rence. Leffler, J/igon, Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin. McClelland,
MeUvame. McKay, McLane,Mann, Marsh, Marvin, More-
head, Morris, Mulhn, Nelson, Nes, Newali, Outlaw, Pendle-
ton. Pe>ton, Phelps, Pres $>ri, Putnam, Reynolds, Robinson,
Rockhiil, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Root, Ramsey, Sehenek, Shepperd, SherriU,. Simpson, Sims,
Siingerland, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm,
Strong, Silvebter, Talimadge, Thibodeaux, Taylor, Thomas,
Tompkins, Richard W. Thompson. John B. Thompson,
William Thompson,Thurston, Toombs, Turner, Van Dyke,
Wnable, Vinton, Warren, Wilson, and Woodward—145.
NAYS—Messrs. Boyd, Biodhead, Charles Brown, How-
ell Cobb, Wilhatnrson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Hammons, Ilill,
Geoige S. Hou>ton, Janneson, Kaufman, Kennon, Miller,
Riehey, and Sawyer—15.
So the resolution was agreed to;
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
; ferred :
| By Mi. ABBOTT: The petition of James Burns, of New-
• buiypoit, in the State ot Massachusetts, praying lor pecum-
I ary aid, in eoiu-rdeiation of wounds received while on boaid
! the frigate Constitution, in her conflict with a French ship
; of w ar.
: B\ Mr. YEADE: The petition of Nathaniel Harrison,
pia)tri  foi a pen-ion.
, B\ Mr. JOHNSON, of New Hampshire: The petition of
; Jared VY. Williams and others, lor an increase of inspectors
j of the customs.
! By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of John Jennings and
| others, citizens of Trumbull county, piaying for peace with
i Mexico.
! By Mr. ECKERT: A petition of citizens of Schuylkill
! county, ptaymg for the repeal of so muelrof the post office
j laws as pioiubit newt papers from being earned to all post
:> offices within the comities in which they are published.
! By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The memorial of
• Lewis Roberts, prajing Congress to "rant him pay for ser-
; vices lendered dut ing the last war with Great Britain as ar-
i tiiiccr.
j B.\ Mr. GIDD1NGS : The petitions of S. Benedict and 26
' othei ; of the Guen Plain Quarterly Meeting of Friends;
i of J. M. Newcomb and 20 others; of I). A. Gould and 21
I others, all citizens of Ohio, against the Mexican war. Also,
i of Joseph A. Dougdale and 39 others, citizens of Ohio; of
|! Charles G. Adam^and 26 other citizens of Penn?> I\ aiua,
'■< praying Congress to take measures to separate theFedeial
' Government from the support of slavery.
1 B>.Mr TWEEDY: The petition in behalf of Thoais#
A. tfojd and otheif, legal representatives of Colonel George
| Bojd, deceased, late sub Indian agent at Gieen Bay, Wts-
' consul, praying foi the just settlement of his accounts,
1 Al <>, the petition of ctiizpns of Racine, for a road from that
! place to the seat of government of Wisconsin; and another
i petition for an appiopriatum for a road from that place to
' Jouevulle, heietofoie presented. January 22d, 1846; and
! thiee other petitions from citizens of Racine, Burlington,
i and Delavan, for an appropriation for roads from Racine to ^
j Beloit. heretofore presented March, 1846. Also, the petition
i of citizens oi Wisconsin, for an appropriation on the road
from Milwaukieto Green Bay,heretofoie presented January
6th, 1846; another for the same object, presented January
9th, 1846. Also, the petition of citizens of Brown and other
counties, for same object, heretofore presented January 28th,
184tC" Also,the petition of citizens of Milwaukie, tor appio-
priation-s on certain roads, heretofore presented January
28th, 1845. Also, nine petitions of citizens of Wisconsin,
for an appropuation for a road from .wlwaukie to Fond du
Lac, heietofore pie^entcd January 20th and 31>t, 1846.
Also, the memorial oi the Legislative Assembly o; Wiscon-
sin, piaving tor the construction of a road fiom the Falls of
St Cioi\ to La Pointe, on Lake Superior, heretofore pre-
sented .March 31st, 1845. Also, a like memorial for a road
from Pranie du Chien to La Pointe, heretofore presented
April 7, 1K46. Also, the petition of citizen* of Wisconsin,
ror an appropriation for the same object, heretofore presented
March 9, 1846.
By Mr. S. D. HUBBARD: The petition of the inhabitants
of Derby, in the State of Connecticut, asking an appropria-
tion for the improvement ofthe harbor.
By Mr. X. K. HALL : The petition of Bersheba McDau-
: lei, a revolutionaiv pensioner, praying for a continuance of
her pension. Also, the petition of Dolly Tracy, widow of
Solomon Tracy, a soldier of the Revolution, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of citizens of the United
States re-idnig on the northern lakes and river St. Law-
rence, praying an allowance of a drawback of the duty paid
on Canadian wheat, upon its exportation after having been
manufactured into liour in this country.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition ofH. Kilheffer and
other citizens of Summit and Medina counties, Ohio, for a
trt-weekly mail-route from Hudson to Brunswick, m Medina
county.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio, moved that the memorial of John
Amhrozine, praying to suirendei the bounty land tohrni pat-
ented, be taken from the file^ of the House and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
By Mr. BLANOHARD, of Pennsylvania: The petitioh of
a number of citizens of Hunterdon eounty, Pennsylvania,
foi the < quahzatnm of the rates of postage.
By Mr. ROCKFIILL : The petition of Lemuel Robinett,
praying an extension of his pennon, on account of his disa-
bility n\-ulung from wounds and injur e> received during the
war of 1812, while in the service ot the United States.
By Mr. STROHM: A memorial of the Cain Quarterly
Meeting of the RHigtou5: Society of Friends in Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, praying Confess to adopt measures
for the immediate extinction of slavery and the abolition of
the slave-trade in the District of Columbia and the Terri-
tories of the United States; and al.-o to abolish the siave-
trade between the States.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Waldo and Fisher, and
69 others, citizens of Lowell, Massachusetts, protecting
acainst any alteration in the act of Congress passed July 4,
l83'>, (h'pnvini defendants ol any righk* they now enjoy.
Bv Mr lU'TLHU • Petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking Congre>> to pu^s a law that all regular newspapers
may be < arried in the United States mail*, free of postage
within the eounty where, printed, and to any distance not
over thirty miles out of the county where, printed. Also, die
petition of Isaac Porter, asking Congress to redeem £-276 of
