1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
Continental money, according to the resolutions^Congress
tinder which the same was issued; said money having been
received by petitioner father for medical services rendered
during the war of the Revolution.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.*
Wednesday, January 5,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. John P. Gaines, a Representative from the
State of Kentucky, appeared this day, was sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States,
and took his seat in the House.
MR. SLIDEIX'S INSTRUCTIONS, ETC.
Mr. YENABLE rose to a privileged question.*
He moved the reconsideration of the vote of yes-
terday on the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Goggin,] calling on the President
of the United States for information. He had
Toted for the resolution under the operation of the
previous question, by which all amendments were
excluded. His purpose at present was to move a
reconsideration, with a view to insert, after the re-
quest for information, the words, " if, in the judg-
ment of the President, it be not inconsistent with
the public interest." The high and gentlemanly
courtesy which has at all times been observed by
the different departments of this Government to-
wards each other seems to have been overlooked
in this instance; and he felt it due to himself, as
well as to this House, to make continual claim in
favor of so desirable a manner of intercourse. It
was certainly true that the amenities and courte-
sies of life, if not a constituent part, were very
ornamental attendants upon moral excellence.
The manner of demand could in no way control
the action of the President. It was the false po-
sition occupied by this House in relation to the
proprieties of intercourse with the Executive which
he wished to remedy. He believed that he spoke
for all the friends ofthe Administration in this
House, when he said that all desire the informa-
tion called for to be communicated; but none, he
> trusted, were satisfied to depart from the respect-
ful and courteous mode of communication which
he believed had at all former times been practised,
and to which this resolution presented a solitary
exception.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which motion was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 87.
Mr. SAWYER rose to a privileged question.
He moved (he said) a reconsideration of the vote
by which the resolution of Mr. Ashmun was
adopted, instructing the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to inquire into the expedi-
ency of the repeal of all laws which made it crim-
inal for individuals or companies to carry mail
tnatter out of the mail. There was more in the
resolution, he thought, than met the eye.
After some conversation between Mr. Sawyer
and the Speaker, the motion was ruled out of
order, because it appeared that the resolution had
not been adopted.
Mr. S. then said, he should take some occasion
to express his views on this subject.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States, viz:
Washington, January 4, 1848.
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I communicate herewith a repor^of the Secre-
tary of War, with accompanying documents, being
in addition to a report made on the 27th of Febru-
ary, 1847, in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 1st of that month, re-
questing the President to communicate to the
House of Representatives all the correspondence
with General Taylor since the commencement of
hostilities with Mexico, which has not yet been
published, and the publication of which may not
be deemed detrimental to the public service ; also,
the correspondence of the Quartermaster General
in relation to transportation for General Taylor's
army; also, the reports of Brigadier Generals Ha-
mer and Cluitman of the operations of their respect-
ive brigades on the 21st of September, 1846.
JAMES K. POLK.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
* For greater convenience and despatch in the publication
of this work, hereafter the proceeding? of the House or
Senate will be first inserted, as they may be received by lis.
The SPEAKER also presented a communica-
tion'from the Secretary of War transmitting a
report of the Commissioner of Pensions, with a
list of pension claims rejected during the past year;
and a communication from the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting copies of accounts of
-receipts and disbursements for the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1847.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
report from the Regents of the Smithsonian insti-
tution, showing the operations, expenditures, and
condition of that Institution for the past year.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved to lay
the report on the table, and that it be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for a divi-
sion of the question, so as to take the question sep-
arately on each branch of the motion.
The question was divided accordingly, and the
report was ordered to be laid on the table. The
question then recurring on the motion to print—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, opposed the
printing at present. The House saw, in the pro-
position to print this cumbrous document, a begin-
ning of what had been anticipated by some who
were opposed to this institution. Here was a long
report, accompanied by many documents, and this
House was callcd upon to print them; and he ex-
pected they would have a proposition soon to print
an extra number. It was true the law establish-
ing this institution provides that the Regents should
make a report to the House; but before this report
was printed, before an order to print was made,
the committee on the Smithsonian Institution
ought to be established, and ought to report to the
House the propriety of having this report and the
accompanying documents printed.
Perhaps it might be considered by some, as he
from the beginning had opposed this institution,
that he had some personal dislike to those connect-
ed with it, or that he was operated upon from some
other unworthy consideration, that produced his
opposition to it. He availed himself of this occa-
sion to disavow anything of this kind. He want-
ed this committee established; he wanted every
thing connected with this institution referred to
this committee. Let that committee report the
result of their investigation to this House.
But while he was upon the floor, there were
some other things to which he would advert, for it
was very difficult for him to get the floor here on
any given subject. He had had the honor of making
a few remarks the other day upon the resolution
providing for the establishment of a committee
upon the Smithsonian Institution; but before he had
concluded his remarks the House adjourned, arid
the resolution had laid over from that day. The
whole thing was left in the fog, and no one could
tell when it would be reached again.
He had no personal hostility to this institution.
He appreciated and approved the design of the
donor. He thought the motives and intentions of
Mr. Smithson were good; but this thing had re-
ceived an improper direction, and was already be-
ginning, as he had remarked, to result in a large
annual expenditure to this Government, and Con-
gress were called upon to appropriate sum after
sum for printing and for other expenses* in getting
up this institution, which was to result m no good
to the Government or the country. What good
could result from this institution, with its peculiar
organization ? Why, it would have been much
better, and would no doubt have fulfilled the good
intentions and motives of the man's heart, had he
bequeathed this sum to the United States to be ex-
pended in erecting school houses of some descrip-
tion in this District, and in the districts through-
out the country, in which the common children of
the country could be educated. It would have
been diffusing knowledge among men more profit-
ably, more m accordance with the design of the
donor. But what good has this institution done,
as now organized?
Mr. BOTTS here rose to a question of order;
and called for the special order of the day, viz: the
joint resolution concerning the transportation of
the mail from Washington south, which had been
made the special order for this day, at oneo'clock.
THE GREAT SOUTHERN MAIL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Smith, of Indiana, in the
• chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
said special order.
The joint resolution was read as fallows:
Resolved by the Senate and Hons4 of Representatives of ihe
United Stalks of America in Congress assembled, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
i rected to make engagements with ,the Richmond, Freder-
1 ickshurg, and Potomac Railroad ana Steamboat Company,
j fi)r the transportation of the great.northern and southern
mail between the city of Washington and the city, of Rich-
mond; and thatiie pay for said transportation the highesj
price now paid by the Post Office Department far trans-port^
ing the mail once per day on any other railroad and steam-
boat route in the United States, and no more; and that tjie
said Postmaster General be authorized to allow to the con-
tractors, under the recent airangement, such an equivalent
as, in his judgment, shall be fair and equitable for the routes
hereby dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the resolution, by striking out all after the word
"more," in the 11th line, and inserting—
"Provided, That in making such contiact or engagement
with the Postmaster Gi-neral, the said Richmond, Freder-
icksburg, and Potomac Railroad and Steamboat Company
shall agree and engage with the Postmaster General to pay
to the Post Office Department such amount or sum of money
as, in his judgment, shall be a fair and equitable equivalent
to the contractors for transporting the mail from Baltimore
to Petersburg and Richmond on the bay line, and to the con-
tractors from Washington to Richmond under the recent
arrangement, as will indemnify said contiactors by reason
of the discontinuance of the said routes hereby dispensed
with."
Mr. BOTTS proceeded to address the committee.
He said, if he could approach the consideration of
this question without having to encounter precon-
ceived impressions, based, as he believed, upon a
misapprehension of the merits of the question, he
should enter upon it with no doubt at all as to the
result to which this committee and this House
would come. But he was aware that he had*the
very difficult task to perform of first removing erro-
neous impressions, and then of substitute ig other
impressions in their stead. As he said a few day3
ago, it was not to be wondered at that gentlemen
on the other side of the House should have adopt-
ed the sentiments by which they appeared to be
j influenced, when they were guided only by the
reports, letters, and documents emanating from the
Post Office Department on this subject. An at-
tempt had been made through some of the public
prints to give to this question a party and a politi-
cal character; and it had been said that this was an
attempt—on his (Mr. B.'s) part he presumed,and
not on the part of the committee by which this
subject had been reported upon—to attack the Ad-
ministration through the Post Office Department.
Now, he was particularly desirous to disabuse the
minds of the members of this House on that sub-
ject. When he wanted to attack this Administra-
tion he should march in a more direct line than
that which the Post Office Department sometimes
pursued. He should not imitate the example of
the worthy Postmaster General, and take so circuit-
ous a route to accomplish his purpose. But no,
he had no political object to accomplish. He had
neither personal nor political considerations influ-
encing his course on this question. And why
should there be? This was a contest between two
companies, in each of which he had both personal
and political friends—men that he would be as
willing and anxious to serve—men whom it was
his duty to serve, as much of one company as the
other. But he had no such motives influencing
him on this question. He had looked alone at his
duty to the people—not only of that district, but of
a very large portion of the entire country: and he
must be permitted to say, that in his examination
of this subject he had endeavored to bring to it as
much impartiality as it was possible to do. This,
he might add, was one of the very few questions
that he had ever known brought before this
House for its consideration to which there were
not two sides. To this question it appeared to
him there was but one side. The truth of the
matter was precisely this: The great difficulty
under which the country is laboring, from New
Orleans to Maine, was the result of a personal
difference—a personal squabble between the Post-
master General and the President of a railroad com-
pany; and he would not undertake to say which
of the two gentlemen had proved himself the more
obstinate of the two. He meant to make no alle-
gation or charge against the head of the Post pffiee
Department. He believed that gentleman, in his
construction of the law, was honest and sincere;
but he believed the differences had degenerated into
personal pride and obstinacy; and unless these
personal difficulties could be settled, the country
was asked to submit to this intolerable grievance
