1848.
T'EfcE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Ill
secutively, and the location is determined by such
drawing. There are warrants, I admit, for revo-
lutionary services, but warrants for services in the
late war I have never heard of. A large portion of
my State—millions of acres—have been set apart, as
I have said, to satisfy these claims, and the claim-
ants-have had thirty years in which to bring them
forward; there is no one who has not had his num-
ber assigned to him and had his patent. I would
like to know why, at this late day, after thirty
years have elapsed, we are to be called upon to
pass a law to give them five years longer, and for
what purpose? Why simply to have their loca-
tions determined by drawing, which has already
been done. This is the whole purpose.
Mr. BREESE. The Senator is in part correct
in regard to claims for military services in the last
war. Patents were issued. The soldiers had
nothing to do. The whole matter was transacted
in Washington city. But these are not such
cases; these are cases of land warrants which have
been omitted to be located under the act of 1812-
'13. I have had numbers of these warrants sent
to me from Illinois; but as this is a bill which has
been introduced by the Senator from Kentucky,
who is not now in his seat, and who takes great
interest in it, I hope it will be passed over for the
present. *
Mr. SEVIER. Only one word: If there have
been land warrants granted under peculiar circum-
stances, I know nothing about them. All I have
to say is, that if five years further are to be granted
to the claimants, I suppose some good reasons can
be given for it. I would like to hear them.
Mr. ALLEN. I would inquire of the Senator
from Illinois, whether there is a report from th 
Land Office upon this subject?
Mr. BREESE. There is none.
Mr. ALLEN". I would like, before I vote for
this bill, to see a report setting forth the facts in
the case. It is something new to my ears—en-
tirely so.
The question being taken upon the motion for
postponement, it was agreed to.
widow's pensions.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the whole, the bill to continue the pen-
sions of certain widows; and no amendment being
made, the bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAY'fON. May I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Pensions to state what this bill
is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. It is, sir, for
the purpose of continuing the pensions of certain
widows who are very old, and in distressed cir-
cumstances. I trust there will be no objection to
its passage. The measure has been recommended
from the War Department, and has received the
unanimous concurrence of the committee.
Mr. DAYTON. What is the bill ?
Mr. WESTCOTT. It is the very same bill in
substance as that from the House which was be-
fore the Senate a few minutes ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not aware of the fact
that th£y were the same until the circumstance was
mentioned by the Senator from Florida. It would
be more proper, perhaps, to take up that bill. I
move, therefore, that this bill be laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
additional volunteer force.
The bill providing for the further prosecution of
the existing war between the United States and
the Republic of Mexico was read a second time,
and considered as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASS said it was the disposition of the
Military Committee that this bill should be defer-
red until the ten-regiment bill should have been
disposed of. • He thought it better to go on with
the discussion upon that bill, and let this be taken
up after its passage. He therefore moved that it
be laid upon the table; which motion was agreed
to.
late secretary of wisconsin.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory
of Wisconsin.
Mr..DOUGLAS. I think that when this bill
was up the other day, there was a slight misap-
prehension on the part of some Senators in regai-d
to-the true state of the facts. I will detain the
Senate for a moment in an exposition of what I
understand to be the law and the facts in the case.
By the act of 1792, it is provided that the official
duties of th,e Secretary t>f any Territory shall be
controlled by such laws as are in force in each Ter-
ritory. I understand this to be' the law now in
force, and applicable to the official duties of the
Secretary, or which was in force at the time of this
transaction. Mr. Slaughter was Secretary of the
Territory of Wisconsin, and, as Secretary, was
required by law to be the disbursing officer for the
payment of moneys for the necessary and inciden-
tal expenses of the Legislature of the Territory.
The Secretary of the Treasury furnished him a
draft for $10,000, to pay these expenses. I have
reason to suppose, in fact—I think the evidence
will be satisfactory to the Senate—to show that
the draft was deposited with* Samuel B. Knapp,
the cashier of the Mineral Point Bank, under the
authority and by the direction of the Legislature
of the Territory. Search has been made for copies
of the documents by which the .deposite was au-
thorized and directed, and they cannot be found at
the present time. But I am confident that such is
the fact, and I think that the statement of the
Comptroller of the Treasury is conclusive on the
point. After stating the fact to which I have re-
ferred, the Comptroller goes on to say that the
claim arises from his having deposited, under the
direction and by virtue of a resolution of the Le-
gislature of the Territory, the money, &c. [Mr.
Douglas continued to read from the letter o'f the
Comptroller, in corroboration of this point.] It
will appear, therefore, by this statement, that Mr.
Slaughter, being Secretary of the Territory of
Wisconsin, received this draft from the Secretary
of the Treasury, for the purpose of being applied
to the payment of the expenses of the Territory;
that he was required to be governed by the instruc-
tions and laws of the Legislature of the Territory;
that the Legislature of the Territory instructed
and directed him to make this deposite with Mr.
Samuel B. Knapp, the cashier; that he made the
deposite in obedience to the directions of the Le-
gislature, which he was bound to obey. And we
have also a resolution here, which was read the
other day, passed by the Legislature, specifically
approving of the act, and saying that he ought
to be remunerated for the loss. If there can be
any doubt upon this point, I can have read several
letters showing the facts as they occurred. I have
one from Mr. Dodge, Governor of the Territory,
in which he states, that he informed the Secretary
of the Treasury of the deposite. The deposite was
made in a specie paying bank—a bank which
was considered by every one to be perfectly safe.
Mr. Slaughter made this -deposite as he was re-
quired to do. The fact of the deposite having
been made was reported to the Secretary of the
Treasury here, who sanctioned the act by allow-
ing the deposite to remain without being with-
drawn, and Mr. Slaughter went out of office, leav-
ing the money where it had been deposited under
the instructions of the Legislature, and with the
knowledge, and, therefore, it is to be presumed,
with the consent, of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bank afterwards broke, and the money was
lost. I think, under these circumstances, there
cannot be any hesitation in authorizing the ac-
counting officer of the Treasury to settle this ac-
count upon principles of justice and equity. I do
not deem it necessary to occupy any more of the
time of the Senate in relation to a matter that is so
clear as this.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I did not intend to say
another word against the bill, but to let it pass, as,
on examination of it, I find it does not sanction the
"claim, but only directs its examination by the
treasury officers, and payment, if they find it to
be just and equitable. But the remarks of the Sen-
ator who has just taken his seat, makes it neces-
sary to say a few words. The act of 1792 has no
more to do with this call than a statute of Mis-
souri. It is an old, obsolete act respecting the
Territories then (in 1792) existing north and north-
west of the Ohio, and has expired twenty-five years
ago. [Mr. W. here, at the request of Mr. Berrien,
referred to the act.] The Secretary of Wisconsin
held his office under the act organizing the gov-
ernment of that Territory, called the Organic Law,
passed in 1836; and under that law he was ex-
pressly required to account to the Secretary of the
Treasury of the.United States for these funds.
[Mr. W. here read partof theactof 1836.] Again,
if I understand correctly, he was not ordered to
deposite this money with the broken bank, by the
Legislature, before it failed; but after the bank
broke, the Legislature passed resolutions asking
Congress to pay'the money lost, <fec. When he
made this deposite, also, (if I am correctas todates,)
the sub-treasury law of 1840 was in full force, for-
bidding such arrangements.
Mr. BUTLER. It was entirely competent, cer-
tainly, for the committee to have allowed or,disal-'
lowed the claim; but the view I take is this—that
it is better to refer the matter to a safe and proper
tribunal, than that a committee should assume the
jurisdiction and decide peremptorily upon the case.
I was entirely in favor of.rcferring the claim to the
officers of the treasury, for I have no reason to
suppose that under such reference any injustice
will be done.
In reference to this claim, I do not see how the
laws which have been referred to can have any
bearing upon it. Then the only question is,
whether Mr. Slaughter acted as a prudent man
would have done? whether, at the time and under
all the circumstances, it was not to be regarded as a
safe deposite? He acted as the Legislature direct-
ed him, and it would be wrong, sir, to compel him
to pay the money.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word in^reply to the
Senator from Florida. I am still under the im-
pression that the act of 1792 was intended to ap-
ply to the Secretary of the Territory. I was
aware of the existence of the act of Congress to
which the gentleman alluded. That act merely
makes the Secretary of the Territory responsible
to the Secretary of the Treasury, so far as regards
the settlement of accounts, and that such settle-
ment was to be made at the Treasury Department.
It is true, that act also says that the money shall
be expended by the Secretary of the Territory,
but was the Secretary to expend this money ac-
cording to his own discretion, without authority
of law? or was he to expend it according to law ?
My understanding is, that he was to expend it
according to the law of the land. What was that
law? Why, it was the law that was in force in
the Territory at the time the deposite was made.
Such, sir, I have always understood to be the
practice, not only in Wisconsin, but in Iowa, in
the neighborhood of which I have lived for many
years. I think that the facts which I have already
stated to the Senate abundantly show that this offi-
cer acted in good faith, as a prudent man should
act. I think they show that he acted with great
prudence and great caution; that there was no
fault, no neglect on his part; and that it was in
consequence of neglect elsewhere that the money
was lost. I think, therefore, as a matter of jus-
tice, if we were voting now, we ought to vote him
the money. But the committee does not propose
to appropriate the money; they only propose to
say to the accounting officers of the treasury—
those officers who have been accustomed to settle
the accounts of the treasury from the commence-
ment of the Government-^you are authorized to
make this settlement upon principles of equity and
justice. Sir, is it to be supposed that the officers
of the Treasury Department would concurrently
have tendered their request to Congress to do jus-
tice to this man, unless injustice had been done
him? I think, sir, we ought to give them an op-
portunity to do him justice.
Mr. CASS. 1 move that that bill be laid upon
the table for the present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume there will be no
more discussion upon it.
Mr. CASS. Then I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. BADGER and Mr. CAMERON rising
simultaneously.
Mr. BADGER said: I think it due to this case
to make a single observation—
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator excuse me?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Pennsylvania
intends to discuss the bill. I therefore move that
it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill to raise, for a
limited time, an additional military force.-
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the bill,
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting the following:
"That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized,
should the exigencies of the war require a fuither increase
