112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5.
of force, to call for, and accept the services of, additional (
volunteer*, nut exceeding thirty thousand, who may oti'er '
th.-ir service-,, either a< cavalry, infantry, or riflemen, to
serve three years alter they shall have arrived ftt the place
of rendezvous, unle s sooner discharged; to he ranged and
organized m Hit' same manner as are provided for volunteers
and *r ewsunglaws, and to have the same pay, rations, and
allowances, including land or scrip, according to grades;
Bind to be subject to the same regulations and to the rules
and articles or war."
S£c. 2. Jhid he it further enacted, That where companies
of volunteers, winch are now or may hereaiter be m ser-
vice.  lmil bocome reduced in rank and file, the President
he, and he is hereby, authorized to discharge a part of the ]
commissioned officers, leaving not more than three for sixty j
rnttk and die m the company, and not more than two for ;
forty rank and tile; and when- the company *hall be re- ;
duced below twenty rank and file, he nia\ discharge the |
whole company, officers and men, and receive a new com- j
pany of mniess than eighty rank and file, m lieu of ;Taid i
discharged cotnp my: Provideil, Nothing herein contained \
shall require the Pre>id<±pt to reduce the officers, or to di - !
charge <t compiny, if, m in* opinion, the reduced coinpa- !
nie^ tan be tilled up by recruits. j
Sec. 3. dad be it further ena'.te>1> That where regiments :
of volunteers, which are now or may hereafter b • in scr- j
vice, shall b 'come leduccd, the President be, and he is ;
hereby, authorized to receive additional companies <>f\ol- !
unteers for such regiments: Provided, The additional coin- !
panics s.o received for any regiment shall not increase it> ]
numerical atiength beyond one thousand rank and tile. ;
Sec. 4. „irut be it farther enacted. Tnat Use provision in 1
thf 2d section of the act entitled £i An act to encourage en- !
listin^uts m the regul ir army,"' approved January twdlth, i
eighteen hundred and forty-sewn, be, and the same is j
hereby, extended to include the recruits who may hereafter ;
enh>t for the fim and second regiment.- of dragoons, and j
the regiment of mounted riflemen, and the non-commis-
tsioneri officers, musicians, and privates of volunteers who
may engage to serve dunng the war with Mexico, or for the
terra of three years, a-, provided by this act.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the volunteers
jaiswd under this act, and whose term of service may not
sooner expire, shall be discharged within six months after
the ratification of a treaty of peace with Mexico.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said: I do not propose,
on this occasion, to say more than will be barely
necessary to explain the amendment which I have i
had the honor of offering to the bill now before j
you. The bill which is now under consideration
for raising ten additional regiments, and the bill
lying upon the table to succeed it, authorizing the
President to aecept the services of twenty thousand
volunteers, have severally been reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs in accordance with
the recommendation of the Secretary of War, and
are supposed to be necessary to meet the require-
ments and exigencies of the present war with
Mexico. The bill now before you, sir, proposes
to raise ten thousand men, or ten additional re-
giments; and what I propose is, to give to the
Government the necessary numerical force, only
changing the form of its organization from a regu-
lar to a volunteer force. And 1 desire to assign,
very briefly, the reasons which have induced me
to adopt this course.
The bill before you for raising the ten regiments
places upon Congress the responsibility of de-
claring that under the present existing circum-
stances it is proper and necessary that this force
«hould be raised. Is there any such present ne-
cessity perceived by the Senate of the United
States? I think not, sir. We have from the Sec-
retary of War a discussion of various plans upon
which it has been suggested that this wur ought to ]
be prosecuted. The Secretary, in discussing them, j
recommends the plan which he prefers, viz: to j
hold all those portions of Mexico which are now !;
in our possession, and, in addition to the force ||
which would be necessary to accomplish such a *j
purpose, to have an active force raised, not with a ||
view of marching over and conquering the whole j
country, but with the view of being prepared to j]
make occasional conquests, should circumstances n
require it. This is his plan. Now, is an addi- !i
tional force necessary, I would ask, to accomplish j
the designs of the Secretary, taken even in their j
utmost latitude^ This, sir, would be a question of j
a very indefinite character indeed, if our experience j
had not, in some degree, become a practical one. '
And what is our experience? What have been
our experiences in this war? and what have been
the results of the war'
General Scott landed at VeraCruz with a force
of about twelve or thirteen thousand men, a con-
siderable number of whom were volunteers. With
tins force he succeeded in taking the strong castle
of S.m Juan de Uiua and the city of VeraCruz.
Pressing forward with his victorious army, from
Vera Cruz he entered the capital, breaking in j
pieces and scattering to the winds with a force of j
less than ttn thousand men, the armies of Mexico j|
triumphant career. General Taylor, with ii
a still smaller comparative force* at the battle of
Buena Vista, completely broke the powerof Mexi-
co,and so in every action would (no matter, sir, how
disproportionate in number) the American troops
have been victorious. And, sir, with what a small
amount offeree these achievements have been ac-
complished.
General Scott, as I have already stated, fought
all those distinguished battles before the city of
Mexico, and took the capital of the country with
less than ten thousand men; and General Taylor,
with not more than six or seven thousand men, the
most of whom were volunteers, gained several dis-
tinguished victories. Indeed, General Taylor, with
less than four thousand men, beat Santa Anna
with an army twenty thousand strong, arid that,
too, not by a sudden surprise, not by a sudden
burst of valor, not in a moment of enthusiasm on
one side and panic on the other, but in a hard
fought battle, continued from the rising to the set-
ting of the sun, occupying, in fact, the whole of
nearly two days^ Thus, we see that not only are
the' sword and shield of Mexico broken and cast
into the dust, but her Government is dispersed and
almost annihilated by our conquering army. She
has no army, and scarcely can she be said to have
a government; it consists of nothing more than dis-
organized factions. And if Mexico now lies pros-
trate before you, without an army or government;
with here and there only a body of guerrillas, in-
stead of an army to oppose you; what, in the name
of Heaven, if this is all that is left to her, do you
want with ten thousand more troops? Sir, since
these conquests have been achieved, what has been
done ? Our army now reposing on the Rio Grande
consists of three or four thousand regulars. Nay,
I will give the exact number—it consists of three
thousand nine hundred and thirty-seven regulars.
At the battle of Buena Vista you had but two or three
hundred regulars, all the rest were volunteers, in
place of that army, less than five thousand strong,
which constituted the force in that portion of the
country upon that field of battle, you have now,
sir, a force amounting in the whole to upwards of
ten thousand men. Do you want any more there?
I have already stated the force with which Gen-
eral Scott obtained possession of the capital; how
is it with him now, sir? He has been receiving
additional reinforcements almost daily since that
time; and there is now at Tampico and Vera Cruz
together, a force amounting to 32,156 men, 17,101
of whom are regulars, and the remainder, 15,055,
volunteers. These statements aie extracts made
from the report of the Adjutant General.
General Scott's army has been almost trebled m
number since he gained those battles. His force
is larger by fifteen thousand than when he landed
at Vera Cruz. It is this much stronger than at
the time when he conquered the whole region of
the country between Vera Cruz and the capital;
and cannot he hold this country with the same
force with which he conquered it? How, upon
the facts declared to us m official public docu-
ments, can any argument be found to prove the
necessity of sending any further troops there?
General Scott took possession of the city with six
thousand men, and of that whole region of coun-
try with not more than twelve thousand; and now,
when he has with him thirty-two thousand men,
what more can he require? Suppose it requires
as many men to hold a country as it does to con-
quer n, has not General Scott already doubled the
number of his force since he enteied the Mexican
territory? Make what deduction you please on
account of casualties and disease—make a deduc-
tion of five thousand—and it leaves fifteen thou-
sand men for active service. Where, I ask, can
fifteen thousand of such men as ours be employed?
What fortress is there that wiil not open its gates
at the sight of our banners? There is not one that
will not. And yet we propose to add thirty thou-
sand men to the force already there. Sir, these
facts lead my mind irresistibly to the conclusion,
that for any purpose of conquest even, it is not
necessary to have more men in Mexico. If you
have done what you have with that number of
men, if they have accomplished such victories,
surely you have a positive rule established by
actual achievement, as to what your army can do.
Cannot double the number of force with which
these \ictories have been gained conquer all Mex-
ico? Why did you lead your armies from Veia
Cruz to the capital? Because there you expected
to find the more vital parts of the Republic. Weil,
you have done all this, and still the cry is for more
troops. You have had your forces doubled, and
you want to double them again. If you pass this
bill, sir, what will then be the strength of your
armies in Mexico? What number of men have
you there now? I have shown you that under4
General Scott there are upwards of thirty-two
thousand, and under General Wool upwards of
ten thousand more, making an aggregate of forty-
three thousand American soldiers now within the
limits of Mexico.
I reckon only those who are in the heart of
Mexico, leaving out those who are stationed in
California and at other distant posts. There are
southward and westward of the Rio Grande from
forty-two to forty-three thousand American sol-
diers; and during this whole time the recruiting
service is going on rapidly. Scarcely a week
passes by m which reinforcements of troops are
not being landed in Mexico. Now, there are forty-
three thousand troops, as I have said,independent-
ly of what these bills propose, and the laws of this
country now authorize the enlistment of some eight
or nine thousand more, to fill up the ranks of your
armies. There is also still a deficiency of upwards
of six thousand men in your volunteer service,
which may at any time be supplied. This, then,
is your state of preparation in Mexico! So far as
the authority of law extends, these troops are at
your command. Besides these, there is an addi-
tion yet to be made, by which your army will be
still further increased. The regiment called for
from the State of Michigan, has not yet appeared
in the field; two other battalions, also, one from
Alabama and the other from Mississippi, from
some cause or other, have not yet been mustered
iTito the public service, and are not included in the
calculation. These regiments, added tothosewhich
you have the legal authority to send, will make
our force there about sixty thousand strong. Add
these ten regiments,and you will then have seventy
thousand American soldiers beyond the Rio
Grande, exclusive of those distributed throughout
the United States, at various posts, and in Cali-
fornia and New Mexico. Add again, to this esti-
mate, the number that is proposed to be raised by
the other bill which has been reported to us, and
you will have an army of from ninety to one hun-
dred thousand men. Sir, can all these troops be
necessary ? Does not this estimate startle the ears
of Senators ? I confess, for one, that I have been
greatly startled, while reading the reports from
which I have gathered these statements, at the vast
army which we are now maintaining. And an-
other more startling consideration, which ought not
to be forgotten or omitted, is the enormous cost of
every regiment. I am toid by those who have
entered into calculations on the subject, that the
average cost of officers and men is nearly one
thousand dollars per man. This subject becomes,
then, a matter of some consequence to us. Sup-
pose our object be to conquer Mexico, and to incur
no unnecessary expense: these ten regiments will
add to our expenses nearly ten millions of dollars;
no small item in the aggregate expenditures of such
a contest. I think, therefore, for these reasons,
that it is highly necessary for us to determine
whether all these troops are to be raised, and ail
this cost incurred.
I am perfectly willing to meet every possible
contingency of casualty or disease, but I confess I
cannot foresee, at present, any contingency which
will justify this increase. I am willing to autho-
rize the President to call out whatever force he
may require, under such contingency as may here-
after occur; but I would not authorize that force
to be raised now. I am willing to lodge in the
hands of the Executive the power, if an emergency
demand it, to call out thirty thousand additional
men for the war; and I would have such force
consist of volunteers.
Now, are not volunteers as good, have they not
proved themselves as efficient, as regulars? is not
Buena Vista a bright and burning r-vidence of their
efficiency in the field? They may be callcd out for
the same period of service, and are entitled to a
discharge under the same circumstances, and the
difference in cost is great. I would substitute
them, therefore, for these ten regiments of regu-
lars; and I would accordingly give power to the
President Lo call out the thirty thousand additional
troops, in case circumstances require the adoption
of such a course. In my view, there is no neces-
sity for anything else than this to be done.
