THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
,30th Gongrbss, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 184S.
New Series No. j
Gentlemen have appealed to the authority of
information obtained from officers of the army-
Why are they here, sir?' Why are they here
reposing in Washington and all parts of the coun-
try, if it is not that they are satisfied that the war
has closed, that no more battles are to be fought,
no more laurels tp be won ? They have given us
ample evidence, by the bravery which they have
heretofore displayed, that they would not leave the
field of their victories if they were not fully con-
vinced that nothing more remained to be done.
There is not one who does not believe that the
war is at an end. There may be a few skirmishes
here and there with parties of guerrillas; but so
far as armies are concerned that will stand before
American forces, they are never to be seen again
in Mexico. This is the opinion of^every officer I
-have spoken with, and it is also" my opinion.
From all the facts to be gathered from official re-
ports, we can come but to one inevitable conclu-
sion, viz: that their armies are broken to pieces;
that tSe country is given over to the control of fac-
tions; and that they can no longer make head
against us. You have now an army there of forty-
three thousand men. They are capable of going
where they please, and staying where they please,
in all the wide domains of Mexico. I therefore
•can see no necessity for a further increase of force
at present, even if it were the conquest of the
whole country that was contemplated; but when
it is to limited assaults only to which it is proposed
to confine this war, there appears still less neces-
sity for such increased provision. It is with these
views, and with no feelings of captiousness, from
no spirit of opposition, and no disposition to scan
the merits or conduct of this war, but simply taking
it as it is, that I have been induced to offer the
amendment which I have presented; whilst I ques-
tion the propriety of any additional force being
now added to our already large and increasing
army in Mexico.
Mr. CASS then rose and remarked that he
wished to correct one or two errors into which the
Senator from Kentucky had fallen; and having
shown, from the returns of the Adjutant General,
that the number of men under General Wool was
only six thousand seven hundred, and not ten
thousand, as had been stated by the Senator, he
was interrupted by
Mr. CRITTENDEN, who observed that he
liad fallen into an inaccuracy in summing up the
forces under General Wool, on account of which
he readily admitted that a reduction of upwards of
three thousand men was to be made from the ag-
gregate number, which he had stated.
Mr. CASS proceeded: The Senator had taken
one position and eloquently supported it, on which
he begged to differ with him. The Senator seemed
to think that an additional force was entirely unne-
cessary, after the country had been conquered.
But all experience showed they might gain a bat-
tle and get possession of a country without being
able to retain it. Portugal and Spain were full of
lessons upon this subject. To march to the capi-
tal of a country was one thing, and then to diffuse
the forces over it, in various positions, in order to
hold the people in subjection, was another and
quite a different thing. Our armies in Mexico had
gained a series of victories as brilliant in them-
selves as honorable to the national character. But
they were now to break up as a mass, to spread
themselves into various detachments, else it would
be impossible to hold the Mexican people in obe-
dience.
They would be now exposed to popular tumults,
and liable to be cut down by detachments, and still
the more, the further they would be compelled to
march. Besides, it was important that the Mexi-
can people should be convinced, by the exhibition
of our overwhelming force, that resistance was out
of the question. What we wanted was, to produce
a moral effect upon the people of Mexico—to sat-
isfy them of our strength, and their weakness,
and to avoid fighting battles by showing them
that, if fought, they would certainly be gained by
us.
It was also impgrtaat tt  note that the regiments
8
now in the field did not "average more than eight,
hundred and fifty men to each, which was nearly
three hundred short of the legal establishment.
This bill would not give more than seven thousand
five hundred men to the army. The calculation of
the honorable Senator was based on the legal es-
tablishment. Now, no legal establishment can be
kept full. The reports of the Adjutant General
show, that there must be a deduction of more than
onQ quarter, leaving the force on foot less than
three-fourths of the legal establishment. This is
the result of experience. It is not probable, there-
fore, that the number of the regular army in Mex-
ico can be much, if it all*, increased but by raising
new corps, ami establishing new recruiting rendez-
vous.
The honorable Senator, in all his calculations,
looks to the numbers on the statute book, not to
the numbers on the returns. The continually-re-
curring casualties of battle, of climate, and of all
the other circumstances which make war hazard-
ous, are a perpetual drains which keeps down the
force far below the strength authorised by law.
With respect to the cost, the Senator or himself
must be under a misapprehension. The cost of a
regiment of infantry was about $279,000 per an-
num. It was true, that all the expenses might be.
charged upon the soldiers—bounty lands, medical
staff, and quartermaster's staff. But the actual
cost of each regiment of infantry was the sum he
had stated. A regiment of dragoons, of which
they had three, cost something like §700,000. If
he understood the Senator from Kentucky aright,
he proposed to raise thirty thousand men at the
discretion of the President, to be called out by him
when he pleased. So far as regarded himself, he
(Mr. Cass) was perfectly willing that it should be
left to the discretion of the President; but the de-
mand of the Senator, that all the force should be
composed of volunteers,^brought up the old ques-
tion. He (Mr. Cass) had no disposition to do in-
justice to the volunteers. Far from it. No man
had a higher opinion than he of the gallantry and
efficiency of volunteers. But the addition to the
regular force which the bill proposed was entirely
justified alike by experience and the exigencies of
the present time.
R^r. CRITTENDEN said that the Senator from
Michigan had introduced rather a new principle,
which made war more alarming than ever. Tt was
this : that it would Fequnea much greater military
force to be kept in a subjected country, than had
been required to conquer it. The Senator said that
there might be a sudden rising of the people, and
they must be prepared at all times and every-
where, to suppress such hostilities. How many
men would be required for that purpose? The
gentleman had given them no information as
to that. He had prescribed no rule, and there
was no experience, military or civil, on such a
subject. Now he (Mr. C.) thought that it was
pretty reasonable to suppose that those who had
gone into a country, prepared for their reception,
and had taken all its fortresses and dispersed its
armies, were able to hold that dismantled country,
and defy that conquered people. Had the Senator
attempted to show that what was done by twelve
thousand men could not be repeated by thirty
thousand? It was admitted that S<fott had about
thirty thousand men—double the force which he
had when he conquered and took the city of Mex-
ico. "Was there any pressing emergency now?
What did the gentleman want? He was one of
great intelligence and great weight in that body—
acquainted, as might be supposed, with the pecu-
liar views of the Secretary of War; and what rea-
son, it might then with propriety be asked,did he
assign for this immediate increase of the forces in
Mexico ? What did he propose to do with them?
Was there anything to be done for which the
present force was not perfectly competent? Did
they wane to take Q,ueretaro, the piesent seat of
Government? Did they want to go to San Luis
Potosi?—to Zacatecas? Well, was there any-
where to which the,forces now in Mexico could
not go ? He contended that they had proof in
what had been already accomplished, thai the
forces now in Mexico were adequate to* any emer-
gency.
But the Senator from Michigan seemed to think
that' they ought not to be content until they had
force enough to act by intimidation and terror.
Well, how many men did that, require? He be-
lieved that neither the great Frederick nor any
other warrior of ancient times had drawn-any rule
as to the amount of force by which a people could
be terrified into submission. They had beaten
the Mexicans when they were not terrified; they
had conquered them in field after field; they had
broken them into pieces like a potsherd; they had.
doubled their forces since that day; and yet they
were told that they were not in safety unless they
had more troops—more forces. It was not a mil-
itary effect that the gentleman wished to accom-
plish, for he could not point out any military
operation which could not be effected by the army
now in Mexico, But the Senator wanted an
army large enough to produce a great moral effect.
A religious effect could hardly be*expected, it was
to be supposed, in a Catholic country fike Mexico,
by such means. It was a moral effect, then, that
was intended; and to produce it, they were called
upon to make this addition to the army. He (Mr.
Crittenden) could not consent to raise armies for
such a purpose. He was willing to raise armies
to fight battles, but not to produce a " moral
effect." For all military purposes, they had
ample forces now in Mexico. Yet, in order to
meet any possible contingency, although he did
not apprehend any danger, still he was willing to
provide for any possibility of danger, and give to
the President the power of calling out thirty thou-
sand volunteers, if, in the exercise of his discre-
tion, they should be deemed necessary.
The Senator from Michigan seemed to think,
though he was not very distinct on the subject,
that these regulars were much better than so many
troops enlisted for the same time and called volun-
teers. Why ? Both were subject to the same
laws—engaged for the same term of service—to
some extent consisted, perhaps, of the same ma-
terials. Why, then, were they to be regarded as
better when called regulars than when styled vol-
unteers? Was there any thing in the name ? Not
at all. The volunteers would be just as effective
as if they were called regulars. Their obligations
to their country would be as strong, and as sensi-
bly felt. There can be no difference as to their
capacity to render service, or in their preparation.
If the President were of opinion to-morrow that
there was an exigency which demanded it, he
would be authorized to call for thirty thousand
men, and no expenses would be incurred until
they were mustered into the public service. But
pass this bill for ten thousand regulars, and there
would be at once from five to six hundred officers
under pay, and each of the men under pajy, as
fast as enlisted. Not so with volunteers.
Again, which description of force was most
easily raised? The volunteers, of course. There
was something in the name of volunteer that ap-
pealed to the hearts of their free-born countrymen,
with a strength much greater than that which belong-
ed to any*argument or appeal employed by the
officer recruting for the regular army. If expedi-
tion was the object, the volunteer was undoubted-
ly the force which should be raised. The call on
Kentucky for two regiments of volunteers was re-
ceived there about the first of October, and the
Governor, to give opportunity to those living in
distant parts of the State to participate in the honor
of serving the country, gave as long a period as
possible for the rendezvous—about twenty days—
and by the first of November, twg full regiments
embarked at Louisville for the seat of war. How
long would it take, he asked, to enlist two reSj1"'
ments in Kentucky? Every other gentleman coula
easily turn to his own State and answer that ques-
tion for himself. He did not believe that two regi-
ments of regulars could be raised in two years in
Kentucky. Yet two regiments of volunteers were
filled within thirty days, and ten or a dozen captains
went away with tears in their eyes, because there
c.ould not be assigned th&flQ places in the army.
