1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
tion to Mr. Tyler, the President of the United
States, and he, by some sort of reasoning, or per-
haps without any reason, satisfied his mind on the
-subject, and awarded $260 per mile per annum.
At that rate they took the contract, and continued
4© carry the mail until the 1st July last. It was
true they knew there was no written contract, but
the arrangement was for a term of four years from
the 1st July, 1843, to the 1st July, 1847, and Mr.
Tyler decided t&at they should have $260 per mile
per annum. That arrangement the present Post-
master General found in existence when he came
into office, and he did not disturb it  He paid the
company according to the rates fixed by Mr. Ty-
ler; but could it be inferred from that that the Post-
master General acquiesced in the decision of Mr.
Tyler? He thought no such conclusion could be
arrived" at.
Well, when that term expired on the 1st July
last, this company again came forward and made
another bid; they demanded as compensation the
sum of $293 per mile per annum, and the Post-
master General declined to give it. He did not
believe the law allowed him to do so. He offered
what he believed was the maximum allowed un-
der existing laws of Congress, which was a full
and ample compensation, if not too much. He
offered them $237 50 per mile per annum, and on
such terms they declined to take it. Finally, they
modified their bid; they came down from the
terms they first demanded, and proposed to carry
the mail on the terms fixed by the award of Mr.
Tyler.
Great stresshad been laid on the fact that this was
a Southern railroad, and that it could not afford to
earry either the mails or passengers on terms as
moderate as the railroads of the North. Farther
north there was more freight and more travel, it
was said, and consequently the railroad companies
could afford to charge cheaper rates. But go a lit-
tle further south. Pass Petersburg, and from that
place to Weldon, and they would find that the
mails were carried for $237 50 a mile, and both
"ways in the night. That company acquiesced in the
* construction of the Postmaster General; and, on
going further, it would be found that other south-
ern companies did so too. From Weldon to Wil-
mington the mail was carried at the same price.
From Charleston to Augusta, too, the mail was
carried for $237 50 a mile. Go still further south,
and they would find that the i*ailroad company
from Augusta to Atalanta carried the mail for the
same price. But, after they left that railroad, the
mail was carried by post coaches, and by them
these same mails were carried at $128 a mile. He
had never been able to satisfy his mind why it
was, that whenever a railroad was put into opera-
tion, the charge for freight and the fare for passen-
gers were decreased one-half, and sometimes to
one-third, and yet the transportation of the mails
should require an increased compensation ! And
yet in all cases—and Congress had recognized the
principle—railroads reduced the price of passen-
gers and freight, and received an increase on former
rates for transporting the mail. By the rule which
produced the reduction in the former cases, the
mail should be carried at half the rates paid for
their transportation by post-coaches instead of 26
per cent. more. What was the compensation of
northern railroads? Why, between this city and
New York the mails were carried both ways for
the maximum rate of $300 per mile per annum.
Go further north; and between New York and
Buffalo it would be found that less than $100 per
mile per annum was paid each way, being less
than §200 both ways—greatly less than this south-
ern company required for one daily mail. The
railroads connecting New York and the New
England States, none of them exceeded §100 per
mile, and they carried the mail twice a day. One
reason, he supposed, was, that the State of New
York—and to her credit be it said—when the rail-
road companies became refractory, and talked of
throwing off the mails, passed a law requiring
them to transport the mails according to the laws
of the Post Office Department, under a penalty of
$100, to be paid to the people of New York, for
every day they failed to comply with their con-
tract. Such was the law of New York.
But he understood that, in the State of Con-
necticut, some difficulty arose also between rail-
road company and the department about the trans-
portation of the mail, and the Psstmaster General
was constrained to resort to the post-coaches.
For near two months the difficulty existed; but
the people then, in, their sovereignty, became in-
dignant at the conduct of that company, and they
sent petitions to the Legislature to deprive the
company of its charter, and consequently of all
its powers and privileges, for they would not sanc-
tion the exercise of privileges by a company that
would not be subservient to the public interests.
In consequence of this movement of the people,
the company resumed the transportation, of the
mails, and there had been no more difficulty in
that quarter.
But .great stress had also been laid on the fact
that this line carried the mail more expeditiously
from the North and this city to New Orleans than
by the bay route since the 10th of December last.
If, however, he was correctly informed, there had
been no delay in the transmission of the southern
mail. True, the people of Virginia might be dis-
commoded and disconcerted—and he regretted that
as much as anybody, and he would do everything
in his power, consistently with his public duty, to
give them every mail facility they desired,—-but
sfill he asserted that all the inconvenience to which
they were subjected was the delay and uncertainty
of .their local mail, and it was to be attributed to
local causes. The Postmaster General had offered
the company $100 per-mile per annum for the
transportation of ths local mail, which, being a
second-class mail, w$s all he was authorized to
give. The Postmaster General had done all in his
power, and all that the laws required, to have the
local mail carried by this company to Richmond,
and for that service he had offered the highest
price authorized by law.
He considered the great difficulty in this case
not to be in regard to the correctness of the course
pursued by the Postmaster General, for he believ-
ed that a large majority of the members of the
House, without respect to party, were of one mind
on that subject, (for he was happy to say that
there was no such thing as party involved in the
subject.) The difficulty was not as to what the
Postmaster General had done, but as to what the
House ought now to do. Here was the question.
Suppose, then, that the House should do as the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Botts] proposed, and give this railroad company
the price they demanded, it would be only what
had been already once offered to them by the Post-
master General. By their rejection of the offer he
was forced on the adoption of some other course;
and he accordingly opened a negotiation for" the
transportation of the mail by another company,
who were willing to carry it over a line of 350
miles for $34,500. The Postmaster General told
the House that this was $575 les« than was de-
manded by the railroad company. On these terms
this second company offered to make a contract
irrevocable for three years and a half, until the
1st of July, 1848. If, under these circumstances,
Congress should adopt the resolution proposed,
what would become of the contract which the
Postmaster General had been compelled to make
with this second company? And what would be-
come of the local mail line hence to Richmond?
The company which must suffer loss by the new
arrangement could not sue the Government. And
why not? Because we had adopted the false as-
sumption of the Old World that the king could do
no wrong. Applying this principle to our own
Government, it was held that the Government
would do no willful wrong, but would, in all cases
and at all times, do what was right as soon as a
clear case was presented to it. So that the com-
pany, whatever damage it might sustain, could
,not right itself by suing the Government. The
contract with them had been legally made; not, it
might be, in all the forms of law, but legally
and in fact. Would a Government held to be so
pure and just that it never would do wrong, repu-
diate its own contract—a contract entered into le-
gally, and by the proper functionary ? If not, it
would not perpetrate so great an injustice to this
company—it must pay the mall the damages they
might have sustained. Suppose the company,
standing on its contract, should hold its boats in
readiness, and so continue to hold them for the
three years and a half to wftich their contract ran,
ready to transport the mail, would they not be en-
titled to be indemnified for this entire expense?
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lincoln]
thought that all the company would have to do
would be to" come to Congress, show their case,
and get whatever was right. But l^r. J. would
venture the opinion, that ifthe company -should be
thrown on the necessity of adopting this course,
the cost to the Government would prove in the
end to be far greater than the whole price agreed
to be paid them. Their claim would be pre-
sented to Congress after Congress, and it might be
fifty years before the claim was finally settled. It
was not too much to say, that if such.a course as
that was forced upon the company, when the
whole account came to be summed up, with all
the accumulated costs from delay, it would pro-
bably amount to several hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. J. went on to say, that, under this persua-
sion, he had offered an amendment which the gen-
tleman from' Richmond [Mr. Botts] seemed to
think very inconsistent. That gentleman appear-
ed to be under the impression that Mr. J. was
willing that his resolution should be adopted by
the House; but in this he was wholly mistaken;
for Mr. J. never had been. He was satisfied in
his own mind that the entire delay and inconve-
niencesomuch complained of had been caused sole-
ly by the refusal of the railroad company to accept
the reasonable terms offered to them by the Post-
master General for tire transportation both of the
great southern mail and also of the local or way
mail between this city and Richmond. Under this
settled belief, he thought it no more than just, that
if they got the new contract proposed by the reso-
lution, they ought to be held to repay to the Gov-
ernment whatever damages might become due to
the company from whom the contract was taken.
If, indeed, he had been satisfied that the depart-
ment was in error, and violated the provisions of
the law in refusing what the company had de-
manded, then he would not only be in favor of
giving them the contract, but of indemnifying
the injured company for these damages; but he
was convinced of no such thing. He believed
that the Postmaster General had been thrown up-
on any other resources he could find, by the refu-
sal of the company to accept his just offer. Thus
laid under necessity, he had employed the bay
company; and Mi*. J. held he had done right. As
to the difficulties and delays which had been suf-
fered by the community, Mr. J.'s own constitu-
ents were as much and more interested in the
regularity of the mails than those residing in the
immediate neighborhood between here ana Rich-
mond. Yet, speaking for them as well as himself,
he was ready to declare that he never would yield,
one iota of law and justice, though the refusal
; might peichance cause the mail to anive a day or
two later at his home.
On the whole, then, believing the company to be
wholly in the wrong, and that the whole loss and
inconvenience sustained by the community had
been occasioned by their obstinate refusal to ac-
cept a just and legal offer, he was unwilling that
their former contract should be restored to them,
unless they would consent to remunerate the de-
partment for all damages due to the company,
which must, in that case, lose the contract they
now held.
Mr. MURPHY said, if this question only re-
lated to Virginia, or was confined to any local
interests whatever, he would content himself with
a silent vote. It was, however, an important one,
affecting the business of the whole country. This
mail route was a necessary link in the chain of
communication between the great commercial
points of the country; and, so far as those points
constitute the places of exportation and impor-
tation of the exports and imports of the whole
country, it affects the whole business of the coun-
try. By the present arrangement, the correspond-
ence north and east with the south and southwest,
is delayed a business-day in transportation. That
this is a serious detriment, and should be remedied,
no one will deny.
What, then, shall he done? The Post Office
J Department, as now constituted, is necessarily a
monopoly. The law prevents any interference by
private individuals, and punishes with pains and
penalties such as violate it. He believed in obey-
ing the law while it existed, and he should require
obedience to it from all. He did not agree with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] who ad-
dressed the committee yesterday, that if any por-
tion of the public should be aggrieved, they ought
to establish private expresses. He was a lover of
law, .but he should seek a-remedy by making it
