120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
gentleman if he would have the company compelled |i it clearly understood whether debate could be con- ;
their cars daily for the sake of the mail ' , tinued one hour after the time fixed'by the House j
•. * 1  ...K.',   1 ^ J  -i I c /\f tK ja ! i •fV.p- tlie turminatinn rtf (Iph.'l l>  • a nfl wllPth ftT. wllCIl !
culty in which they found themselves placed, and
which caused the committee to rise. If the Com-
mittee of the Whole had determined that the gen-
tleman from Virginia was entitled to occupy one
hour after half-past two o'clock, as. he (Mr. S.)
thought he was, the difficulty might have been
solely to be paid for it what, in the opinionof the i: for the termination of debate; and whether, when j
Postmaster General, might be the value of the ser- j: they said debate should close at half-past two.
• j| o'clock, they meant half-past three o'clock. j
V The gentleman from Pennsylvania had said it j! Mr. C. J. lNGERSOLL satd it was intended |.
■ami an attempt to extort uhon Congress—extort 1! by the rule to give the chairman of a committee,or ;i "bv'ated.
unors Congress, or upon the department having Ij person by whom the report should be made, the |j Mr. SCHENCK Was ill avor 1
control of this matter; when it was in proof before !j opportunity to conclude the debate. But how was ji tion, but it was for the purp se . i o
this committee and before the country, that, so far ii it to be known when he was to begin his hour, ji motion to extricate the Com mi e
from its being extortion, this very Postmaster Gen-i unless it was from some point of time to be fixed' j; from the difficulty in which it c i-> , j
time in
incor-
House
might hereafter adopt to stop debate, a provision
to give the gentleman who should have made the
report an opportunity to address the committee if
he desired to avail himself of such a privilege. He
proposed, for a few moments, to call the attention
of the House to this rule.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman
from Ohio would not be in order in pursuing the
course he prescribed for himself.
Mr. SCHENCK said he did not propose to dis
very much questioned whether, if they referred to  
the journals of 1843, they would not find the gen- ij Mr. STANTON explained: When he first sub-
^eftian from Pennsylvania voting with him (for '■ mitted his resolutions to close debate, he fixed ;
they both had the honor to have been members of :j upon half-past three o'clock; but he afterwards j;
<.his House then) for the resolution by which the ,: changed it to half-past two, with the understanding ^
Postmaster Geneial told theni he was authorized
to pay §237 50 per mile on the steamboat part of '
the route. He believed that no division was taken ,
on that question, and hiftice the whole House were :
considered as having voted for it. Not under or-
dinary circumstances, but under peculiar circum- .
stances, which rendeied it necessary that Congress
itself should take, as it did take—it might be at the i
instance of the Postmaster General himself—this
whole matter into its own hands, did it pass this
that the gentleman from Virginia would be allowed
an hour after that',time. j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, on |
voting on the resolution of the gentleman from!
Tennessee he had not acted on such a presump- |i    - ... , .
tion; and there was no exception in favor of the j cuss the merits of the rule, but simply to give his
gentleman from Virginia in the resolution. views of the construction of the rule, to show the
Mr SIMS remarked that the rule was appli- ;< necessity of reconsidering. The House had passed
cable to the Hoase as'weli as to the Committee of ; a resolution fixing half-past two o clock for the
the Whole Now, suppose that, in the House, 1 termination of all debate; but the House could
resolution","watT'It became the law'of the land, al- j: the previous question should be moved before the j, not know whether the member who reported#
lowing the steamboat between this city and Aquia ; mover of a proposition had occupied his hour in measure desired to speak on i r . g,
creek S237 50 per mile per annum for the trans- |i debate, could he enjoy that privilege after the pre- 'j nevertheless, be found, w en rip>-;rea
nortatioii of the mail. I vious ouestion had been called for ? He was un- , that such member was ei her speakngor des red
portation of the mail.
Gentlemen talked about the railroad and steam-
boat companies being united; but did it occur to
gentlemen, when they raised this outcry against
de°rs3To'contendUtha" "such person would*then 1; to speak, and he might claim further^iime for that
only be entitled, with the movers of amendments, n purpose. Well, if the committee permitted him
to five minutes tor explanation. ; to proceed, they would defeat an order of the
Mr. STANTON remarked, that in offering his !! House, which directed the committee to closei de-
the Virginia steamboat company, how the mail i: Mr. Sil AiN J-UiN remarneu, umi m uuciuiS n.  ,  —   —- -
was transported between this point and New York resolution, he had put the question tojthe Speaker !: , ac t^o n am en dm e n ts, a nd 7 d'
by the contractors? He was hi"
portion of that route—between
Bordentown—at the option of
mail was carried m steamboats instead of by
road. This information he had from the First As-
sistant Postmaster General, who had ever mani-
fested a disposition to afford to the committee every
facility in acquiring information in relation to this '! merit, and concluded by moving that the commit-
tee would answer that question ....... — ,,   — --
stance arose.'- -He'thought the gentleman from ij might betal0^for the^futu^
Virginia was now entitled to proceed.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, made a like state-
tee'rise and report'progress,,for the purpose of
extricating themselves from the difficulty in which
they were involved, by reconsidering the resolu-
tion by which the House had ordered the debate
to'be terminated.
The committee accordingly rose, andj its chair-
man reported progress.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired if it
i was then in order to move to discharge the Com-
! mittee of the Whole? *
: The SPEAKER replied that it would not at that lt .
i time be in order. He then proceeded to state that rule. But then the question arose whether, if the
I it was a question with the Chair, whether it was |; mover had not had his closing hour at tl\e time
| not his duty to rule the report of the chairman of j| the committee wss directed to terminate debate, n
the'rule was to bear. They must agree upon one
of two things, unless it was -intended that they
should pursue the course adopted in some debating
schools, and divide their hour, using part at the
opening and the other part at the close of debate.
At present, there was no exception giving the
chairman of the Committee or? the Post Office and
Post Roads two hours. The rule provided noth-
ing more than that he should open and close de-
bate. He could hardly think it was intended that
the chairman should divide his hour. He thought
the fair construction was, that he should have an
hour to open and an hour to close debate. This
mio-ht be supposed to be a fair construction of the
P . \l i _ _      ;ca-^
subject. Yes, he repeated, that fact he had from
Major Hobbie himself—that for a portion of that
route the contractors had a discretion to transport
the mails by steamboat instead of by railroad for
a distance nearly equal to that from this place to
Aquia creek, without any reduction of their com-
pensation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose (it be-
ing half-past two o'clock) and inquired if the time
had not arrived at which the House had ordered
that the debate should be terminated ? If it had,
he raised the question of order whether the gentle-
man from Virginia was not violating an order of
the House by continuing his remarks?
The Clerk, at the request of several gentlemen, i( ule ui mo ,f ,    .•
read the rule of the House which provided that House had passed a resolution directing that the 1 him to occupy his hour beyond such limit,
the chairman of a committee, or other member who committee should close all debate at a certain time, ' obviate such a difficulty hereafter, it wou
which was past, act on pending amendments, and :j found to be necessary to make an exception m
then report the resolution to the tHouse. The ![ favor of the gentleman who reported the measure,
order was positive, and the time which was fixed j; if he.should desire to avail himself of it.
by that order was past; but the chairman reported j
that the committee had risen"without having dis-
charged that duty. \
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, reminded the Chair that ,
this was not a novel case. Committees of the j
Whole had heretofore risen when they had found j
t impossible to dispose of all pending amendments
reported a bill or resolution from a committee,
should have the right to open and close the debate,
and that five minutes should be allowed for the ex-
planation of amendments.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired if the chairman of
the. Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
in this esse had any other privilege than the right
to speak for five minutes ?
The CHAIRMAN was of opinion that the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goggix,] being the
chairman of the Committee on
Post Roads, which had reported
was entitled to one hour after the point of time
fixed for the conclusion of the debate.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL remarked that the ex-
planation of the Chairman perfectly accorded with
the opinion which prevailed in the Committee on
Rules when the rule which had been read was pre-
pared.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said it ap-
peared to him that to continue the debate was to
violate an order of the House; he therefore appeal-
ed liom the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DUKR and Air. McLANE made inquiries,
that they miuht have a correct understanding of the
ease which iuu! arisen; which being answered—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said this
would be the first decision of the committee under
this new rule, and henee it wad necessary to have
the Committee of the Whole out of order; for the ji would not defeat the order of the House to permit
House had passed a resolution directing that the ' him to occupy his hour beyond such hmit. lo
committee should close all debate at a certain time, ' obviate such a difficulty hereafter, it would be
" j found to be necessary to make an exeei
> favor of the gentleman who reported the n
' :e he.should "desire to avail himself of it.
Mr. GENTRY interposed to explain. Having
been a member of the committee that Sported the
rule, he thought he could make a statement of the
intention of the committee that would save the
gentleman from Ohio the necessity to argue the
question. The understanding of the committee
rOGGix,! Being tne i: it impossible to dispose ot an periuing amemunems, . was, that the order to terminate debate was to be
the Post Office and I reported that fact to the House,'and had leave to ! executed with a qualification m favor of the pe^on
ed this resolution, ii sit a«*ain on a subsequent day. This was the case, !! who made the report, who was to be allowed t
 he believed, at the close of the tariff debate. ji occupy another hour in addition t:o:the o ne he
The SPE4.KER yielded to the suggestion of the : might have had at the opening. "With this unaer-
gentleman from Georgia. j, standing, a sub-committee was appointed todraw
Mr. STUART, ofjMichigan, then moved a re-
consideration of the resolution by which the House :
had fixed a limit to debate. i, —-   , ...
Mr. STANTON impressed upon the House the ;■ House, and therefore no such qualification was
fact that the determination of this question now j necessary as the gentleman from Ohio iMr.
would be a settlement of the question, whether a I Sciii.nck] had suggested. „„
chairman of a committee'or mover of a resolution , Mr. SCHEISClv resumed. This
should be entitled to one hour after the time fixed ii time the difficulty had arisen by
by a resolution for terminating debate. He was ■; mittee had been broken up. How many mor
proceeding to state the circumstances as they had j, times there would be a recurrence c?t sucn a
arisen m Committee of the Whole, when— ; he could not pretend to say- ® „iioiit<i nnw
Mr. SCHENCK called him to order. >■ portant, therefore, that tte House ^
Mr. STANTON said, he was simply remark- ;; adopt some practice by 'which the <from
ing on what he supposed^had given rise to the diffi- be regulated. It was true, as the g
up the rule under which they were now acting
Mr. STANTON suggested that a resolution of
the House could not override the rules of the
