1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOM1.
m
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had said, a resolution
could not repeal a rule, but a resolution might be
prepared which would be in conformity to the rule,
and as the rule now stood, he claimed that it was
necessary to make the exception. The gentleman
from Tennessee said the exception could be made
in committee; but if it were, it would be in conflict
with the order of the House. As the waiter now
Stood, if they obeyed the rule, they would disre-
gard the order of the House; but this could at all
times be avoided by so qualifying their resolutions
that it shall correspond with the rules. He should
vote to reconsider the resolution to stop debate,
that a resolution might be adopted that would be
in conformity with the rules of the House. .
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, thought all this diffi-
culty could have been obviated by allowing the
Committee of the Whole to decide the appeal
pending when the conmiittee rose. It was a new
rule under which they were acting, and if the com-
mittee had settled its construction, the House would
doubtless have concurred, and the difficulty would
have been settled. Having been a member of the
committee by which the rule was reported, he
could state that the understanding in committee
was that which the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] had already made known. Every
member of the committee understood, whenever a
limit was placed on debate, that the mover should
have one hour beyond that for explanation and
reply. On that point there was no difference of
opinion. >
Mr. STEPHENS. Not necessarily one hour.
Mr. SMITH continued. Only one hour Could be
Occupied in "opening; but the mover would have the
right to claim one hour in closing the debate, if he
desired to occupy so much time. But how was
the chairman of a committee to avail himself of this
right if the construction which some put on this
rule was correct? It would often occur that he
would hot be able to do it until after the time fixed
to close debate had arrived. It was true, the order
of the House said that debate should close at a
precise time; but the rules of the House as posi-
tively give the mover 4he right of reply, and the
exception therefore might be claimed under a stand-
ing rule of the House. There was a fundamental
rule of the House conceding this right, and the
llouse therefore, by resolution, could not deprive
a member of the rights given to him by the rules.
Mr. S. thought it not necessary to be so partic-
ularly technical respecting the rule. He^foowever,
regarded it as an important matter, and it was so
regarded by the Committee on Rules. It was now
for the House to settle the point, and it could be
Settled at once by one vote, though the easiest way
would have been for the committee to have decided
it, by voting on the pending appeal.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said it was important
that they should have time for reflection before
they gave a vote which would establish a precedent;
therefore, that they might have an opportunity to
examine the subject, he would move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursbat, January 6, 1848.
Mr. TURNEY presented the credentials of the
Hon. Dixon H. Lewis, elected a Senator of the
United States, from the State of Alabama, for the
term of six years from the 4th of March, IS47.
Mr. LEWIS then appeared, and was qualified,
and took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Department of State, show-
ing the number of clerks, messengers, and other
persons employed in that office, including the
Patent Office.
Also, from the Department of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the 4th
instant, the military reports received from the
commandcrs of our army in Mexico since the
transmission of the annual report.
Also, from the Post Office Department, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the 30th ultimo, con-
taining the papers in relation to the services of
Jemmison & Williamson.
RESOLUTIONS FROM STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. YULEE presented a preamble and resolu-
tions from the Legislature of Florida, in favor of
the passage of a law by Congress to reimburse the
expenses of Florida volunteers, incurred previous |
to being mustejred into service.
Mr. ALLEN presented resolutions from the
Legislature of Ohio, in favor of placing the name
of Henry Johnson on the pension roll.
" The pre&mble to the resolution says that Henry
Johnson, of Washington county,'Ohio, one of the
h'eroic Johnson boys who delivered themselvfes
from savage captivity and the prospect of a horrid
death, by killing two JDelaware Indians, after
having spent a youth of hardship as a ranger on
the frontier, enduring- the severest privations, with
the most inadequate compensation, is now passing
through an old age of indigence; that it is right
and proper that acts of noble daring should receive
some reward from a grateful and admiring country.
Mr. BUTLER presented resolutions from tne
Legislature of South Carolina, in relation to the
establishment of a branch mint in the city of
Charleston.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition signed by 125
citizens of Ohio, praying for a reduction of the
present rates of postage, and the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEN also presented a petition Signed
by 25 citizens of Ross county, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to adopt measures to bring the existing war
to a speedy termination; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Afl'airs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a paper on the
subject of the patent plough of Jethvo Wood;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from Patrick
Marantette, asking compensation for provisions
and clothing furnished to the Pottawatomie In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial from the
Society of Friends, held at New Garden, Chester
county, Pennsylvania, asking for the termination
of the war .with Mexico, by the withdrawal of
our troops; against the acquisition of territory, or,
should any be acquired, for the prohibition of
slavery tltere; and for a tribunal for the arbitra-
tion and peaceful settlement of all international
difficulties.
Mr. CORWIN moved that the petition be re^
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
printed. The petition was accordingly referred,
when—
Mr. WESTCOTT called the attention of the
Senate to the fact, that the Senate, at its last ses-
sion, refused to print a similar memorial from the
Society of Friends. Regarding the practice of the
Senate as settled by this decision, he moved to lay
the motion to print on the table.
Mr. CORWIN said, he did not recollect what
had been the action of the Senate on memorials of
this character. But he thought the Senator from
Florida must be mistaken in saying that the Sen-
ate had refused to print any memorial asking for
the establishment of a tribunal for the peaceful set-
tlement of international disputes. He had no
recollection that either here or in the House of
Representatives, any objection had at any time
been made against such petitions. This was a
very short document, and its printing would in-
volve a very trifling expense. He hoped, there-
fore, that the request would not, in this instance,
be refused.
Mr. WESTCOTT repeated it as his under-
standing, that the general practice of the Senate
was against the printing of memorials and peti-
tions of a private character. Such as emanated
from legislative bodies only had been allowed to
be printed. But as the question might be as well
taken on the printing, he would withdraw his mo-
tion to lay the motion on the table.
Mr. SEVIER said it was not usual to print pa-
pers of this kind until they had been referred to
the Committee on Printing. He would say to his
friend from Ohio, that the expense incurred by the
Senate for printing was very considerable. We
are now engaged in the prosecution of a war which
requires all the money we have to spare. And if
we are to open the door to this new expenditure,
it was impossible to see where we could stop.
Mr. CORWIN said, if the refusal to print this
small affair was put on the ground of economy, he
had no Alternative but to withdraw his motion.
Hi; accordingly withdrew the motion to print.
Mr. ATCHISON presented documents in rela-
tion to the claim of Margueritta Reneau, a half-
breed Osage, for compensation for land reserved
to her under the treaty of 1825; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS COMMITTEES.
By Mr. MILLER, from the .Committee for(tlie
District of Columbia: A joint resolution authoris-
ing the erection on the public grounds in the city
of Washington of a monument to George Wasli-
ington.
Mr. M. asked the indulgence of the Senate to
take up the resolution and dispose of it at once.
It did not appropriate any money, nor involve'any
principle.
Mr. SEVIER thought it had better lie over until
Monday; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Printing,.to whom was referred the resolution in-
quiring into the causes of the delay in printing the
message arid accompanying documents, read a let-
ter from the contractors, stating that the cause of
the delay is simply on account of the magnitude
of the documents, which will be upwards of 1,300
pages, and that 1,000 copies would be delivered
on the 15th day of January instant; and also had
informed the committee that they have now ready
for delivery, if desired, a document of 940 pages,
embracing the message, report of the Secretary of
State and documents, the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury and documents, and the report of
the Secretary of War and documents; and that
the committee had directed the printers to deliver
one copy to each member of Congress, and to re-
serve the remainder until all are completed.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
By Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs : A bill to promote the filling up
of vacancies in the regiments and companies of
volunteers now in the service of the United States.
The bijl having been read a first time—
Mr. BADGER said he would ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up this bill for con-'
sideration. Man.y officers now here had been
sent home for the purpose of filling up the vacan-
cies which had occurred in their corps. These
officers find themselves in great difficulty, inasmuch
as the existing taw authorizing a bounty of twelve
dollars to every soldier-of the regular army to be
paid him on enlistment has not been extended to
the volunteer corps. They have, therefore, found
it impossible to raise volunteers to supply the de-
ficiencies in the different corps. The interests of
the service require that the regiments should be
filled without delay. In the New York regiments
alone there are twelve hundred required; and it is
indispensable that they should be raised and trans-
ported without delay. They ought to be in Mex-
ico before March, that they may have left Vera
Cruz before the setting in of the sickly season,
which usually commences in April: so that any
delay in the action on this bill might prevent the
sending the troops in such a condition as to ensure
their efficiency on reaching the seat of war. The
object of this bill is to extend the bounty now al-
lowed to regulars, to such volunteers as may be
recruited to fill vacancies in the regiments now in
the service. The emergency is great, and as some
delay may take place in the passage of the bill to
increase the army, which is now pending, it is to
be hoped that this bill will be permitted to pass
through to-day. There was no division of opin-
ion in the committee as to the propriety of the
measure, and probably there would be none in the
Senate.
The bill was then read a second time, and taken
up as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS asked if the first
and second regiments of dragoons and the mount-
ed riflemen had not been accidentally omitted.
Mr. BADGER replied that the omission was
not accidental, but the object of the committee
was to confine the provisions of the bill to the ac-
tual emergency. But he had no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS then moved the
amendment, So as to make the bill read thus :
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentati ties
of the United States of America in Congress cvssemUed, That
Hie second section of the act emitted " An act to encourage
enlistments in the regular army,"approved Januaij twelfth,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, be, and thepanie is here-
by, extended to include such non-commissioned officers,
