1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
the aet be what it may. If the war be wrong, put
an end to it at once. I have no doubt the Presi-
dent will be exceedingly gratified with opposition
of this kind. You wilt" hear nothing about a fac-
tious opposition in the 'organ of the Administra-
tion. The President would care little for the op-
position of the whole* world, if it were an oppo-
sition of this kind. It is very like Sam Weller,
who happened tq find himself in prison, and a
person whom he met was bewailing the misfor-
tune of having a thousand pounds left to him by
will, which circumstance had been the occasion of
his imprisonment. "I wish," exclaimed Sam,
" all my enemies would try to ruin me in that
way." Just so with the President. You tell him
he is wrong, while at the same time you vote him
all the men and money that he asks you for.
Believing that the cause of this war is radically
wrong, I hold it to be the first, the plainest, and
the simplest duty of those who think as I do, to
withhold supplies, and compel the President to do
what we believe to be right. Believing there-is a
strict and pertinent analogy between the course to
be pursued by Congress, and that which is taken
by the British Parliament, I consider that the
course of those who think the war wrong, is plain
and clear, and admits of no mistake. Upon a
question of voting supplies, I think the very first
thing to be inquired into by Congress, is, whether
the object for which the supplies are demanded is
a correct and legitimate object. If it be determined
that the object is a proper one, let the supplies
fee granted;' if otherwise, withhold them. This is
my understanding of the nature of our Constitu-
tion. I have heard our Government spoken of as
a government of checks and balances, hut when
you speak of"the President having the power to
make war unconstitutionally and illegally, I cannot
understand the cause or propriety of that course
of conduct which would sustain him in his uncon-
stitutional act.
Believing, then, that the question of this war is
a question which ought to be discussed; that it lies
at the very bottom of the question of supplies, I
will proceed to give my views to the Senate and
the country, of this war. And, as I suggested the
other day, in the few remarks which I had*the
honor to submit, I believe that the cause of the
war lies a Utile deeper than any that has been as-
signed by those who have expressed their opinions
upon the subject. I believe that the question,
whether it arose from the march of General Tay-
lor to the Rio Grande, or whether any of those
incidental and temporary movements were the im-
mediate cause of the war, is entirely irrelevant.
The cause, sir, lies deeper than any of these; and
when I speak of the causes of the war, permit me
to say, that I do it with no desire to introduce ex-
citing or angry discussion, or to arouse unpleasant
feeling; but having a duty to perform here, I must
do it fearlessly—I must do my duty as an American
Senator, feeble as it may be. And when we speak
of the causes of this war, I must avow my convic-
tion, beyond a cavil or a doubt, to be, that it lies
in the avowed policy of the American Government
•—a policy which was avowed four years ago—to
make the extension of human slavery one of its
primary motives of action. And when I say this,
let me be understood. I refer to the principle
avowed in the diplomatic correspondence which
preceded the annexation of Texas to the United
States. And permit me to say, that in approaching
this question, I do it with a desire and a disposi-
tion to do full justice to the officers of this Govern-
ment who were engaged in that correspondence.
I will do them the justice to say, that what they
did, they did manfully and aboveboard. There
was no concealment. They came outboldly. Their
course was very different from that of a set of men
we have among us, called Northern men with
Southern principles—men who profess to be against
slavery, but who are nevertheless enlisted m the
slaveholding interest, ready to do slavery's bidding.
That was not the case with the men to whom I
have referred. They came out boldly and avowed
the object at which they aimed, and the means by
which they proposed to attain it. Let this be ever
said to their credit.
In that correspondence, the objects of this Gov- !
ernment are as evident, as ifiuch beyond contro- j
versy, as anything can possibly be. No, sir. If j
the fingers of a hand were sent from the" throne of
Eternal light, to write this upon the wall over
your head, it would not flash conviction more
readily to the mind than is done by a perusal of
that correspondence. I will not go through the
whole of it, but will content myself with sending
to the Clerk and asking him to read an extract
from this letter:
'•Department of State,
u Washington, August Q, 1843.
" Sir: A private letter from a citizen in Maryland, then
in London, contains the following passage :
I learn, from a source entitled to the fullest confidence,
i that there now here a Mr. Andrews, deputed by the abo-
litionists of Texas to negotiate with the.British Govern-
{ment; that he has seen Lord Aberdeen, and submitted his
1 project for the abolition of slavery in Texas; which is,that
i there shall be organized a company in England who shall
< advance a sum sufficient to pay for the slaves now in Tex-
i as, and receivein payment Texas lands; that the sum thus
s advanced shall be paid over as an indemnity for the aboh-
ftion of slavery; and I am authorized by the Texan Minis-
i ter to say to you, that Lord Aberdeen has agreed that the
'Biitish Government will guaranty the payment of the m-
* terest on tins loan, upon condition that the Texan Govern-
ment wjI! abolish slavery.'"
' This proposition, it will be seen, was exceed-
ingly simple and easy to be understood. It an-
nounced, not that there was a scheme on foot
amongst a set of fanatical politicians, to decoy
away the slaves, not to steal them—nothing of that
sort; but a proposition had been entertained, by
which the Government and slaveholders of Texas
agreed to abolish slavery, and for this agreement
on their part, it was said that a company had
agreed to advance a stipulated price. What right
had our Government to interfere? The Secretary
says, " a movement of this sort cannot be contem-
plated in silence." I agree it should not; but
what should every American heart have said
when it was found that a scheme of this kind was
on foot? Should they not have burst out in thank-
ful aspirations to Almighty God, that such a
scheme of benevolence as that, had even been
thought of. I think the Secretary says well in
saying that they could not look on in silence.
The Secretary further says, 44 such an attempt
upon any neighboring country would necessarily
be viewed by this Government with very deep con-
cern.3 9 *
Certainly, they should have looked on with deep
concern—as deep as that with6 which affection
watches by the side of dying love—now gathering
hope"f|g!rn the symptoms that the smiles of health
win again smooth the cheek of love, and then
trembling lest the pall of despair should settle on
our hopes.
Again, he says: " It cannot be permitted to suc-
ceed without the most strenuous efforts on our part
to arrest a calamity so serious to every part of our
country." A calamity so serious to every part of
the country; so serious to New Hampshire, to
Massachusetts,and the other New England States!
And, sir, this hill which is now before you is one
of the measures which are to be adopted to re-
deem the pledge thus made. In the same letter it
is said:
" The establishment, in the very midst of our slavehold-
mg States, of an independent Government, foibiddiri" the
existence of slavery, and by a people born, for the most
part, among us, reaied up in our habits, and speaking our
language, could not fail to produce the most unhappy ef-
fects upon both parties.'5
When I saw it formally announced by the Gov-
ernment that it could not pioduceany but <£un-
j happy effects," I thought that I was mistaken in
the reading. I thought it must be a mistake of
; the printer; but I found that it was no mistake—
that the announcement was really made. What a
mistake, then, did the Pilgrim Fathers make in
coming to foutid a colony in the New World, where
they might avoid the consequences of slavery.
Had they not slavery enough at home, that they
bade farewell to everything that bound their hearts
to the land of their birth—the land where the bones
of their fathers reposed—and came over and found-
ed the institution of American slavery ? Was it
for this that the May Flower sailed from the coast
where slavery prevailed? Was it for this that
those patriots wandered from England to Hol-
land, and from Holland here ? In Heaven's name,
was not England oppressive enough ? One more
extract, and I leave the letter:
"Few calamities could befall this country more to be de-
plored than the establishment of a predominant British influ-
ence and the abolition of domestic slavery in Texas."
Few calamities could befall the country like
this!
I had understood, up to the time when I read
this declaration, that the institution of slavery, for
good or bad, was a State institution. I thought it
was one which the General Government had no
right to touch. Everything that I had ever heard
upon the subject had tended to take that institution
from the cognizance of the General Government,
and make it exclusively a subject of State policy.
But here I find it baptized, and made-one .of the
gods before which the whole people are to bow
down and worship.
From this cause, whether remote or immediate,
this war proceeded. Can any man Me'ny this ?
We may have our doubts whether, if there had been
more caution and prudence, this war would have
been precipitated upon us at so early a period. But
is it not evident that the whole matter springs from
this? Was not annexation itself an act of war?
War was existing between Mexico and Texas
at the time. By the very fact of annexing to our-
selves one of the belligerent nations, we incurred
the responsibility of fighting her battles. If this,
then, be the cause of the war, I come next to the
question, how this war commenced ? Well, sir, i£
may seem exceedingly strange that one should be
found asking that question at this time, when the
President has told us over and over again so many
times how it commenced—that it commenced by
the act of Mexico. Said the President, in his mes-
sage to Congress of the 11 th May, 1846 :
" In my message at the commencement of the present
session, X informed you that, upon the earnest appeal both
of the Congress and Convention of Texas, I had ordered an
efficient military force to take a position ' between the N.ie-
ces and Del Norte.' This had become necessary, to meet a
threatened invasion of Texas by the Mexican forces, for
which extensive military preparation* had been made. The
invasion was threatened solely because Texas had deter-
mined, in accordance with a solemn resolution of the Con-
gress of the United States, to annex herself to our Union ;
and, under these circumstances, it was plainly our duty to
eUend our protection over hei citizens and soil.'
"This force was concentrated at Corpus* Chi isti, and re-
mained there until after I had received such information
fiom Mexico as rendered it probable, if not certam, that
the Mexican Government would refuse to receive our
Envoy.
u Meantime, Texas, by the final action of our Congress,
had become an integral part of our Union. The Congress
of Texa*, bv its act of December 19, 1633, had declared the
Itio dH Noite to be the boundary of that Republic. Tts ju-
risdiction had been extended and exercised beyond the
Nueces. The country between that river and the Del Norte
had been represented in the Congress avid in the Conven
tion of Texas; had thus taken part in the act of annexation
itself, and is now included within one of our Congressional
districts^ Our own Congress had, moreover, with §reat
unanimity, by the act approved December 31, 1845, recog-
nized the country beyond the Nueces as a part of our terri-
tory, by including it within our own revenue system; and
a revenue officer, to reside within that district, has been ap-
pointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
It became, therefore, of urgent necessity to provide for the
defence of that portion of our country. Accordingly, on
the 13th of January last, instructions were fc^ued to the
General in command of the&e troops to occupy the left bank
of the Del Norte."
And in his Annual Message to Congress,on the
8th of December, 1846, he repeats the assertiop,
and he not only repeats the declaration that war
exists bv the act of Mexico, but he says every
honorable effort has been made by me to prevent the
war, but all proved in vain, and the war has come,
notwithstanding he was so exceedingly opposed to
it. Now I desire to examine this matter. The
President is not satisfied with thus telling us that
the war arose from the act of Mexico, and that he '
had used' every honorable exertion to avoid it. He
comes forward in his message this year and tells
us fourteen times distinctly, and several times im-
pliedly, that it arose from the act of Mexico. It
seems a part of the President's religion, to accom-
pany his more solemn acts with the continual de-
claration that awar exists by the act of Mexico,'
as it was of the followers of Mohammed, to pre-
face their more serious sayings with the oft-repeat-
ed avowal that there was "no God but Allah, and
Mohammed is his prophet." Now let us examine
this matter: did it commence by the act of Mex-
ico? Such is not my reading. The taking posses-
sion of Texas was of itself an act of war. Sir, at
the time of the American Revolution, when France
signed a treaty, of alliance with us, Great Britain
was not long in finding out that that was an act of
war. But suppose that act was not one of war,
what follows?
One of the fundamental conditions of the joint
resolution for annexing Texas to the United
Slates, was war.
" First, said State to be formed,bubject to the adjustment
by this Government of all questions of boundaiy.55
" Subject to the adjustment of all questions of
boundary." That was the very first condition
which the American Congress fixed to the act of
