124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
annexation. Well, is it necessary for me to stand
here to-day to tell the American people that, if
there is a question of boundary existing, and one
party goes and occupies the territory to the ex-
treme verge of the claim, that is an act of war?
Why, ! think the President himself, in the course
of the controversy with Great Britain^ must have
found that this was the case, although one of the
first acts of his administration was to tell the peo-
ple, in his Inaugural Address, that our title to Ore-
gon was clear and Unquestionable. I saw the
President, amid the dripping of the storm, stand-
ing at the east front of this Gapitol, reminding the
people how young a man he was; and yet he
would have the whole of Oregon. I almost ex-
pected to hear him say—
" You'd scarce expect one of my age
To speak in public on the stage."
J know not whether I was most amused at the
"juvenility of the President, or his determination
to seize upon the whole of Oregon. He would
not even submit the question to arbitration, be-
cause that would be admitting that Great Britain
had ssome sort of title there. Nothing short of
the whole would satisfy him. Why, a man could
hardly be recognized as a Democrat in the Eastern
States, unless he was for claiming the whole of1
Oregon. He must go for 54 40, or he was no
Democrat; and one State Legislature was so vio-
lent in the cause, that they were for claiming
54 49. I wonder it never occurred to the Presi-
dent to send our officers and take possession of
the territory up to that line. Why did he not do
this? Because he knew, and everybody knew, it j
would be an act of war. He knew it would be so
considered by Great Britain, and resented by her.
Well, so it was here. The sending of General
Taylor to the Rio Grande was, beyond ail contro-
versy, an act of war. But I propose to give you
the President's own account of it. In his mes-
sage of May, 1846, he says:
*'■ The movement of the troops to the Del Norte was made
by the Commanding Genial, under positive instructions; to
abstain from all aggressive acts towards Mexico, or Mexi-
can citizens, and to regard tlio relations between that Re-
public and the United States as peaceful, unless she should
declare war, or commit acts or" hostility indicative of a
s-tate of wat. He was specially directed to protect private
property and respect peisonnl rights
45 The aimy moved from Corpus Christi on the 11th of
March, and on the 2*th of that month arrived on the left
hank of the Del Xorte, opposite to Matamoro.-, where it
encamped on a commanding position, which has since been
strengthened by the erection of fit-id works. A depdt has
also been established at Point Isabel, near the Brazos San-
tiago, tbiity mites in rear of the encampment. The selec-
tion of his position was necessarily confided to the judgment
of the General in command.
" The Mexican forces at Matamoros assumed a belligerent ,
attitude; and on the 12th of April, General Ampudia. then ,
in command, notified General Taylor to break up his camp -
within twenty-four hours, and to retire beyond the Nueces '
river; and in the event of his failure to comply with these
demands, announced that arm5-, and anus alone, must de-
cide the question. But no open act of hostility was com- >
mitt^d until the 24th of April. On that day, General Arista,
who had succeeded to the command of the Mexican forces,
communicated to General Taylor that 'he considered hos-
tilities commenced, and should prosecute them.' A party ;
of diagoons of sixty-three men and officers were on the '
same day despatcned from the American camp up the itio 1
del Norte, on its left bank, to ascertain whether the Mexi-
c.iu troops had crossed, or were preparing to cross, the river, !
'became engaged with a Jaige body of these troops, and, !
'after a short aifair, in which some sixteen were killed and '
{ wounded, appear to have been surrounded and compelled
1 to surrender.'"
He kept the troops at Corpus Christi until it '
was rendered certain that the Mexican Govern- i
ment had refused to receive Mr. Slidell. Well, '
on the 10th day of November, this commission was •
appointed; and, not being much acquainted with >.
matters of diplomacy, 1, of course, take what the :
President said as being what he meant.
Mr. SlideWs Letter of Credence♦ ;
"James K. Polk, President of the United States of America.
" Great and Good Friend : I have made choice of John ,
Fiulell, one of our distinguished citizens, to reside near the :
Government of the Mexican Republic in the quality of En- !
voy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Um- .
ted States of America. He is well informed of the relative j
intei'-rtts of the two countries and of our sincere desire to ;
jt'-'tore. cultivate, and >treri!ith«n friendship and good cor- ]
rsspondenee between u<-; and, from a knowledge of his i
fidehtv and good conduct, I have entire confidence that he ;
will rendet himself acceptable to the Mexican Government, i
b\ hi* eon-taut endeawns to pie^ive and advance the m- ;
terest and liappine>s oP both nation-. 1 therefore request
your Excellent to receive him favorably, and to give full !
credence to whatever he -hall .-av on the part of the United
States. And 1 pray God to have vou ni ins safe and holy
keeping. *
" Written at the city of Washington the tenth day of No-
vember, in the year ofourJLord one tliou&aud eiglithnndred
and forty-five, and of the independence of the United States
the seventieth. Your good friend,
"JAMES K. POLK.
u By the Pre^dent:
" James Bcchanak, Secretary/ of Slate.
; J "To his Excellency Don Jose Joaquim Herrera, President
< j of the Mexican Republic."
li " And pray God to have you in his holy care
; and keeping!" How pious the President is ! He
'! prays for his enemies. This was written on the
11 10th of November. Now, I want to read another
;• document, to show how Mr. Polk was treating his
jj good friend on the 15th of June preceding. In a
confidential communication from the War Depart-
;j ment, dated Jnne 15, 1845, to General Taylor, I
find the following:
j, "The point of your ultimate destination is the western
frontier of Texas, where you will select and occupy, on or
! near the Rio Grande del Norte, such a site as will consist
-, with the health of the troops, and will be best adapted to re-
; pel invasion, and to protect what, m the event of annexa-
tion, will be our western border. You will limit yourscit to
the defence of the territory of Texas, unless Mexico should
' declare war against the United States.
; " Your movement to the Gulf of Mexico, and your prepa-
rations to embaik for the western fionUer of Texas, are to
{ be ruaue without an> delay."
Weil, now, what do you think of this pious
President? On the 15th of June, he ordered the
troops to be ready to embark for the coast of Mex-
! ico, and five months afterwards, he sends a mes-
senger to General Herrera, an|i by the hands of
, this messenger, a supplication to Almighty God,
> to have him in his safe and holy keeping;" lest
: this prayer should fail, he had taken the precau-
| tion to send General Taylor with his army, five
|| months before, to take him in his care and keep-
ing. Well, I will not detain the Senate long on
,j this part of the matter. It seems to me it is too
j plain for cavil; and if I had the issue to be tried
before twelve good men and true, the first witness
j I would call would be James K. Polk—for I never
'■ knew a witness who was conscious of telling the
1, truth, who found it necessary to repeat so often
}! the same assertion. Why, does the President go
.j into so long and labored an effort to prove that we
j had good cause of war? If this were the case, and
! we had not commenced it, instead of being to our
; credit, it would -have been a disgrace to us. It
i would have shown us a pusillanimous nation. It
, is, therefore, zfelo de se of his argument. #ecause,
if this were the case, it shows that we should have
done what the President has labored to show we
have not done. The President may conquer Mex-
ico, but he can never succeed in conquering the
truth. He may direct as many guns to bear upon
it as it would require to silence a Mexican battery,
' but he will not be so successful.
Well, if this was the cause of the war—if this
| was the manner in which the war commenced,
| what are we carrying it on for now? What do
r we propose? What do we want? Why, in the
. message of the President to Congress, in 1846, he
! tells us that it was not conquest that he desired;
but in the message of this year he modifies it a
, little. Now, the conquest he disavows; that is, he
; does not mean to take the whole of Mexico. I
suppose that he means to divide it, very much as
Lord Aberdeen divided Oregon with him, to take
i what he wants, and leave the rest. He says it
was never contemplated by me to make a perma*
; nent conquest of Mexico, or to destroy her nation-
; ality."' Well, sir, actions speak louder than
• words; and I need not admonish gentlemen on
this floor of this fact, for I have proof in my hand.
What does the President tell you ? I heard it as-
serted by a Senator the other day that Senators
! voted for the appropriation of the war under a pro-
test. That they did it for nothing else than to re-
lieve General Taylor from the critical position in
' which he was-placed. The President came and
made the thrilling announcement that American
blood had been shed on American soil. And
l while every heart palpitated at such an outrage,
Senators, anxious to relieve General Taylor, were
: now willing to vote the supplies required, even
; though the bill for raising them was accompanied
: by the declaration which, at that time, they be-
' lieved to be untrue, that "war existed by the act
of Mexico." They gave their votes under the pro-
test that it was expressly for the relief of General
Taylor. And what does the President now say to
those Senators? Why, he says you did not mean
1 any such thmg. You could not have meant it.
You knew that indemnity must be acquired. Sen-
1 ators, when you passed that vote, you all meant
to get territoiy. The President has said so. He
i is your Executive officer—surely he ought to
I know; and the President has a right to say it. be-
| cause actions speak louder than words. You
j voted him the men and the money; you gave him
' the sword and the purse; and you gave him un-
limited license to conduct the war as he pleased,
and now you must pass this bill. Give him the
ten regiments of regulars, and afterwards twenty
regiments of volunteers, and let him thus, accord-
ing to the Senator from Kentucky, increase his
available forces in Mexico to ninety thousand, and
go on subjugating that country, and what will he
tell you at the next session ? He now tells you:
"Congress could not have meant, when, in May, 3846,
they appropriated ten millions of dollars, and authorized the
President to employ the military and naval foices of the
United States, and to accept the services of fifty thousand
volunteers, to enable him to prosecute the war; and when,
at their last <-e««ion, and after our armv had invaded Mex-
ico, they made additional appropriations, and authorized
the raisin"; of additional troops for the &ame purpose,—
that no indemnity was to be obtained fiom Mexico at the
conclusion of the war; and yet it was certain that, if no
Mexican territory was acquired, no indemnity could be ob-
tained.
" It is further manifest that Congress contemplated terri-
torial indemnity, from the fact that, at their last session, an
act was passed, upon the Executive recommendation, ap-
propriating three millions of dollars with that express ob-
ject. This appropriation was made ' to enable the President
to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and boundaries with
the Republic of Mexico, to be used by him in the event
that «aid treaty, when signed by the authorized agents of
the two Governments, and duly ratified by Mexico, shall
call for the expenditure of the same, or any part thereof.'
The object of asking tins appropriation was distinctly stated
in the seveial messages on the subject which I communi-
cated to Congress."
Vote him now the men and money he now
asks, and what will he tell you at the next ses-
sion? Why, that Congress intended to overrun
all Mexico! He will say, You meant that I
should carry destruction throughout the whole of
that country; that
" I should dip my sword in blood, and write my name
On desolated lands and cities."
And he would have a right to say so ! Vote him
the men and the money he wants—let him have
ninety thousand troops there,—and- he will enact
scenes that, perhaps, we little think of; and, at
the next session, he will come and tell us that that
was what we meant. And he will have a right
to do so, because actions speak louder than words.
We certainly, in giving our votes, must be sup-
posed to have some object to attain : that object
the President can construe for himself.
In regard to the amendment which has been
proposed to this bill, instead of making it better, it
leaves it more obnoxious still. It leaves it to the
President's discretion whether to embody these
troops or not; but thai 13 the very thing we ought
not to do. He has had discretion enough. Was
it not at his discretion that our troops were march-
ed to the Rio Grande ? It seems to me that the
true course is, to take the discretion into our own
hands, and make specific appropriations for spe-
cific objects. Then we shall know for what ob-
jects they are made.
But the President says now, he does not want
the conquest of the whole of Mexico, but he wants
indemnity and security. Well, these are words
easily pronounced. Cut we had a good old lesson
in New England, requiring the definition of words
to be given. Indemnity for what?—security for
what? I find the indemnity he wanted was not
only indemnity for our claims, apd for all the ex-
penses of the war, but, in addition to all this, he
wanted to drive a bargain with them—he was not
willing to make peace unless they would sell him
a part of their country with its inhabitants; for I
read, in the 5th and 6th articles of the treaty pro-
posed by our Government to Mexico, as follows,
viz :
" Art. 5. In consideration of the extension of the limits
of the United States, as they are defined by the preceding
article, and by the stipulations which are fiuther contained
m article the United Slates abandon forever a<rain>t the
i United Mexican States all reclamation on account of the
costs of this war; and, i>eMde«, ajnee to pay to the United
Mexican States, in the city of Mexico, the sum of 
"Art. 6. In full cotisideiation of the stipulation^ con-
tained in artieles 4 and B of tin." treaty, th  United States
ajyree to assume and puv all sums at present due to claim-
ants. and those which may he In reaftec established, accord-
ing to the convention concluded between the two Repub-
lic**, in the \>f Mexico, on Jhc ,20th of January, to
provide for tin pawnentol what shall be decided in favor
of the claimant.-, according to a convention between the
United States and the Mexican Republic, on the 11th of
April, And the United States equally agree to assume
and pay all reclamations of citizens of the United Slates
againsl the Government of the United Mexican States, not
