1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
125
previously decided, to an amount not exceeding three mil-
lions of dollars, which have Arisen prior to the 13th of May,
1846, and which shall be adjudged to be due by a commis-
sion established by the Government of the United States,
Whose decisions shall be definitive and conclusive: Pro-
vided, always. That in deciding on the validity of the said
demands, the. commission shall be guided and governed by
the principles arid rules prescribed by the first and fifth ar-
ticles of the unratified convention, concluded in the city of
Mexico on the 20th of November, 1M3, and in no case shall
they give judgment in lavor of any claim not embraced by
those principles and rules. And the United States, for the
present and the future, exonerate the United Mexican States
from any of the said demands whatsopvcr, which may be
admitted or rejected by said board of "commissioners."
He requires payment of our unliquidated claims,
he requires the expenses of the war* and in ad-
dition to these, he requires that- they shall sell him
just as much territory as he sees fit to buy at his
own price; this is the indemnity and security he
wants. Are Senators prepared to sanction these
views? Can they face the indignation of the world,
after having insisted on them ? Here is a Govern-
ment enfeebled—broken down—a people distract-
ed—having a natural attachment to the homes of
their birth—to the soil beneath which moulder the
bones of their fathers; and because they do not
choose to sell their country and themselves, the
President says the war must be prosecuted and
carried into the vital parts of Mexico-. Well, now,
the course of the President seems to me decidedly
reprehensible. Perhaps I have commented upon
it in a manner not quite becoming to this place—I
hope not.
I cannot help remarking, in justiee to him, that
he lias not shown a disposition for war in all
cases. 1 think, in the management of the Oregon
treaty, he exhibited a Christian meekness to a
surprising degree. But he did not inherit the
blessing of the meek. He did not get the land.
He would not submit to arbitration. Well, how
did he settle it?
Let Mr. Pakenham, the British Minister, tell
his own story:
u W 4.sh1ngton, June 13, 1840.
"My Lord: In conformity with what I bad tne honor to
state in my despatch (No. 68) of the 7th instant, the Presi-
dent sent a mess-age, on Wednesday last, to the Senate, sub-
mitting tor the opinion of that body the draft ol" a conven-
tion for the settlement of the Oregon question, which I was
instructed by your lordship's despatch (No. 19) of the I8tli
May to propose for the acceptance of the United States.
"After a few hour*' deliberation on each of the three
days, (Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday,) the Senate^by
a majority of 38 votes to 12, adopted, yesteiday evening, a
resolution advMng the Piesideut to accept the terms pro-
posed by hor Majesty's Government. The President did not
hesitate to act on this advice; and Mr. Buchanan accord-
ingly sent for me this morning, and informed me that the
condition* oU'ered by her Majesty's Government were ac-
cepted by the Government of the United States, without the
addition oralteiation of a single word.
I have the honor to be, &.e.
,  R. PAKENHAM.
"The Right flon. the E viu, of Aberdeen."
. He takes it just exactly as it was cooked up for
him, very much as sick childien are directed to do
when they have an unpalatable dose of medicine
to take— " shut your eyes and open your mouth,
and down with it." INow, [ have not a word to
say against the settlement of the Oregon question;
but it seems to me that it would have read a little
better in history, if it had not been preceded by so
much blustering and bragging. And it was a lit-
tle amusing to see the effect it had on our eastern
Democracy. The man who did not go for 54 40
was a Federalist, a traitor; and some were so
zealous that they even got up to 54 49. Upon
them the treaty came like a thunderclap, and they
had to reverse the steam so suddenly that it came
nigh producing a fatal collapse m the party.
But, sir, the President is not so entirely warlike
in his nature as his conduct to Mexico would in-
dicate; he has other and milder qualities; he mere-
ly has none of that fcrocious spirit characterized
by the poet as—
" That stern joy which warriors feel
In foemen worthy of their steel."
It is a colder country at 54 40. Now, if right
in the position I have taken here, the question is,
What is the duty of the American Senate? What j
are they to do ? To go on and vote these ten regi- '
ments? The honorable Senator from Kentucky '
the other day said he did not know why regulars
were preferted to volunteers. I do not know that
I do. But Yankees guess sometimes.
War is to be made, sir, not only upon Mexico
but on the free laborers of the country, and the
first onslaught is to be made in the shape of a tax
on tea and coffee, and it is the patronage which the
creation of these ten regiments is to give him*
which he thinks will enable Kim to effect it; and
the President has probably come to the conclusion,
taught by the experience of the past, that with the
| patronage of ten regiments at his command, "some
I things may be done as well as others
' I think the Senator from Kentucky, with his
great acdmen, if he looks through his glasses, may
discover why the President prefers regulars.
Well, why cannot Senators who think with me,
that the war is wrong, radically wrong, come
out and declare so by their votes? Why sit here
denouncing the President, and then be guilty of
the inconsistency—with all deference I say it—of
voting men and money to carry on the war? Why,
it is said it would be unpopular to withhold the
supplies. Are we afraid to trust the people with
a great question of right? Sir, I think those who
are afraid to trust the people, underrate them. Are
j men afraid to do that which is right because it may
! not be popular? Sir, it is this ghost of the unpopu-
larity of opposition to the war which seems to sit
like a nightmare upon American statesmen. Sir, I
think there was much more truth than poetry in
what was said by a western man. He said he got
caught by opposing the last war, and he did not
mean to get caught again; he intended now to go
for war, pestilence, and famine. And I think there
is a good deal of that feeling fti the country now.
Men are afraid to take a bold stand.
It is said the people have already decided this
matter; that they have settled that the war shall
be prosecuted. 1 deny it entirely. I do* not believe
it. The people have settled it! I have never met
among the people, one in ten, who thought the
war was right, or thought that it would be right
further to prosecute it.
I believe, sir, that the heart of this whole people
is sick of this miserable, temporizing policy, which
is putting justice, and right, and truth out. in order
that expediency may walk in and govern, control,
and direct our actions. I wish that the experi-
ment might be tried by Congress of acting and
voting on this matter according to the convictions j
of their own understanding, as expressed by them- 1
selves when they speak of the character of this
war. I listened, the other day, w'th great pleas-
ure, to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina. I trust I heard with profit the
suggestions which he threw out when speaking on
his resolutions. But I confess that I was some-
what astonished that a man of his great experi-
ence, his vast learning, his keen observation,
could really think that there could be any virtue
in the passage of these resolutions. I would like,
indeed, to see those resolutions passed, not that 1
think their passage would do any good in the
world in the present emergency; but they might,
if adopted,'serve as a sort of landmark,.showing
with what rapidity and what proclivity we have
j travelled the road to rum. But that there would
beany virtue in them, I have not the least idea.
I Pass these resolutions unanimously, m both
branches of Congress, and let the President ap-
pend to them his usual declaration that the wur
was commenced by Mexico; nay, you may go
beyond that, and, with all the forms and solemni-
ties with which you could imbody them, you may
make them part of the written fundamental Con-
stitution of the land; and what would they be
worth ? Not the paper upon which they are writ-
ten; forthe very moment that they stood in the
way of a popular majority, they would be utterly
set at naught. He that is not persuaded of that,
has not read, it seems to me, the first primer of
our history. I think that the resolutions them-
selves contain much that is just and true, and that
| the passage of them might be of some consequence
| in the way which 1 have suggested. But that
j their passage would check the downward tendency
| of affairs is altogether out of the question.
| I believe that the people desire us to go right,
j and that we have not faith enough in the people.
! Nothing is more common than to find aspirants
j for public favor, flattering the people and continu-
j ally praising iheir intelligence and patriotism, and
j everything which gives'value and dignity to the
j human character. But you do not find these eulo-
i gists of the public viifue at all prepared to venture
a little upon the intelligence which they vaunt so
much. There is faith in expediency, in policy,
in everything but justice, truth, and right.
The present is, I believe, a critical period in our
history, I believe that it is presumptuous in us to
affirm, as the President has affirmed in his mes-
sage, that the great-question' o'f the capability of
man for self-government hfrs been settled. It is
not settled, sir. We are now settling it. Whether
the manner in which we are settling it will-favor*
ably or unfavorably affect the condition of man-
kind hereafter, yet repnains to be seen in the future.
We are settling the question nfot only for ourselves,
but for all who are to come after ust If here the
experiment of self-government gbould fail, who
can estimate the consequences to our race? We
are to-day writing our history. We are impress*
ing that little space which we occupy between the
past and the future, with footsteps which will be
indelible. Whither are those footsteps now tend-
ing? Shall those who are to succeed its find that
the course which we are now pursuing led to the
broad fields of liberty, of peace, and of prosperi-
ty ? Or shall it be, that we are only erecting mon-
uments marking the by-paths that lead to the pit-
falls of destruction ? These are questions' that
must come home to the heart of every man who
loves his country, and prizes its free institutions,
and sees the dangers which now threaten them.
Are we so blind, so fanatical", so stupid, as to be-
lieve that the great laws of the physical and moral
world are to be reversed in our fnvor? Are we
emphatically the children of destiny ? Can we take
our destiny in our own hands, and control it? Not
so. It seems to me that there is a light streaming
down the pathway of ages, illuminating the des-
tiny of nations, and that it is written m glaring
characters—Retribution. It is a law in operation
all around- vis—in the physical, moral, and politi-
cal world. It is true of nations as of individuals,
" whatsoever a man sows, that shall he also reap."
I would ask those disposed to look at this ques-
tion in the light of history, to go back, and by its?
aid trace the long vista of ages that have elapsed.
Let them go back, if they will, to the nforning of
creation, when all the sons of God shouted to-
gether for joy, that Almighty Power had spoken a
new world into being; and they will not find it re-
corded in any page of that history, that any nation
ever sowed thejseeds of war and slavery, and reap-
ed the fruits of peace and liberty. No! that pas-
sage remains to be written; and it requires no
very great effort of the imagination to' faney that
we can now hear the voi^e of all nations of the
past sounding a solemn warning in our ears. Let
us beware, lest that fate which has,constantly
followed such a course of policy, may soon -be
ours.
I have thus endeavored to-discharge my duty,
I am quite aware of the imperfection of the effort.
But, before I conclude, I wish to say a single
word personal to myself, and to let you know,
sir, and the Senate know, that if it be fanaticism
which I have uttered, I am not alone responsible
for it. It is not peculiar to myself, sir, nor those
with whom I act. We had, a year or so ago, in.
the State of New Hampshire, a pair of democrat-
ic organs, and it was rather doubtful whether they
weVc entirely harmonious. But, in May, these
New Hampshire " Patriots" came together—they
had an annexation—and when they came together
they undertook to define the true democratic faith
upon this very doctrine of slavery. I read from
the "New Hampshire Patriot" of 27th Mav,
1847.
[Mr. Hale here read extracts from the New
Hampshire Patriot, contending that the Democrats
of slave States were friendly to abolition, and
would ultimately effect it; but as we have not the
paper, we do not undertake to give the extracts.]
That is 61 New Hampshire Patriot " Democracy
—about twelve months old. So, if I am fanatical,
I am not without authority for my fanaticism; and
a man may, it seems, entertain ail the sentiments
which I have advanced without being cast out of
the pale of the Democracy as it is now organized.
But I leave the subject. I thank the Senate for
the patience, kindness and candor, with which I
have been heard. It is no pleasant duty that I have
performed. It is not agreeable to my feelings to
occupy the place of an Ishmaelite here—my hand
being against every man, and every man's hand
against mine. If any remarks have fallen from
me, offensive to the feelings of a single Senator, (of
which I am wholly unconscious,) I can assure him
from the bottom of my heart that they were alto-
gether unintentional. I have endeavored to deal
with principles and measures, not with men. I be-
lieve that the institutions of the country are en-
dangered. I bf&eve that the course in which we
