126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7.
are proceeding, unless our career be arrested, will
most inevitably conduct us to destruction; and I
have thrown out these suggestions, in the hope of
Joins something, however feeble the attempt, in
order to excite correct public sentiment on this all-
vital question.
Mr. BERRIEN" asked for the yeas .and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. R. JOHNSON moved that the Senate now
adjourn, but withdrew his- motion at the request
of Mr. CASS, and
The Senate went into the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 7, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GOGGIN rose, as soon as the Journal of
yesterday bad been le.id, and moved that the House
do now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. VINTON desired the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to withdraw that motion, to give him an
opportunity to make a report from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. GOGGIN assented on condition that the
gentleman from Ohio would renew his motion.
Mr. VINTON then asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow him to offer a resolu-
tion which he had been some time ready to submit.
General consent having been given—
Mr. VINTON then said he had been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a resolution; which was read.
[The resolution authorizes the committee to
employ a clerk, at the usual compensation.]
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired what
the "usual allowance" was i The phraseology
of the resolution was somewhat indefinite. What
the usual allowance was he did not know, nor was
he aware that the House did.
Mr. VINTON had not inquired what the usual
allowance was, nor had he deemed it necessary to
do so. Under this resolution, no more would be
paid than it had been usual to pay to other clerks,
which he believed was ^4 a day.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, believed there
was but one other committee that had a clerk;
and, therefore, they might have some difficulty in
arriving at a conclusion as to what was a " usual
allowance."
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend the resolution
by inserting the words " §4 per diem for the time
he shall be necessarily employed by the commit-
tee."
Mr. JAMIESON, believing the terms " usual
allowance" were not sufficiently explicit, desired
to see the resolution amended or modified.
Mr. VINTON said he understood §4 a day was
the sum which had been usually paid to clerks
employed by the committee on which he served.
One thing further: he knew that clerks had been
employed by committees, and sometimes by select
committees, for the last tsventy years, and they
had ail been paid at the same rate. 0
Mr. JAMIESON. Four dollars a day?
M r. VINTON. Precisely.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the
resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. VINTON renewed the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, called the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that there were vari-
ous papers on the Speaker's table which it was
desirable to dispose of*.
Mr. ROCKWELL also said that, by the rules
of the House, this was private bill day, the rule
fixing which could not now be suspended, he be-
lieved, without a two-thirds vote. He would,
however, take occasion to say that there were very
few reports before the House, and only a few bills
which had been printed.
The SPEAKER read the rules referred to, and
said, if there was no private business of that na-
ture ready for the action of the House, the ques-
tion would recur on the motion to reconsider,
which was pending at the adjournment yesterday,
and which had preference over all other business. ;
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Printing, -j
asked the unanimous consent of the House to !;
allow him to make a report. !|
Mr. GOGGIN would not object if it should lead [\
to no debate. i:
The SPEAKER said the question first in order j1;
was the motion to reconsider, which took prece-
dence of all other business. j|
Mr. JAMIESON said there was no necessity ;|
for a motion to reconsider, with the construction >.
which had been given of this rule by the gentle- I
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] and the gentleman ;;
from Indiana, [Mr. Smith.] The best course
would be to go into Committee of the Whole and ,
settle the question of appeal there, which would
decide the question. ,
Some other conversation ensued, which was p
ended by Mr. CONGER reporting, in answer to
the resolution of the House, referred a few days 1
since, on the subject of the printing of the House.
[The report stated that the President's message
and accompanying documents would form a doc-
ument of unusual length, (some thirteen hundred
pages,) part of which would be submitted to-day,
and the residue by the 15th January.]
Mr. HENLEY, in connexion with that subject,
gave notice of an amendment of the rules to give
the Committee on Printing power to report at all
times.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, then save
notice, that if the House resolved itself into Com- ,!
mittee of the Whole, he should insist upon the •!
appeal which he took yesterday. j]
THE NEW RULE RELATING TO DEBATE. |l
The motion to reconsider was then negatived,
and the House resolved itself into Committee of :
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith, j
of Indiana, in the chair.) i
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question i
to be on the appeal. i1
Mr. SIMS, before voting on the appeal, desired ;|
to say a few words. He found among the cata- j,
logue of rules one which provided that " no mem-
ber shall occupy more than one hour in debate on j;
any question in the House or in committer; but a Jj
member reporting the measure under consideration ;j
from a committee may open and close the debate, 1
provided that where debate is closed by order of
the House any member shall be allowed, in com- ;
mittee, five minutes to explain any amendment he
may offer." That was the one-hour rule, as 1
adopted at the present session. The 36th rule of ,
the last Congress, which had also been adopted, i;
provided that " no member shall speak more than l!
once to the same question without leave of the j
House, unless he be the mover, proposer, or Intro- j
ducer of any matter pending; in which case he
shall be permitted to speak in reply, but not until ;
every member choosing to speak shall have spo- '
ken." The 133d rule provided for the suspension
of the rules and orders for the purpose of going
into committee and for discharging a committee
from a bill. In addition to this, it was the rule as
well as the practice that debate might be closed by
the previous question; and the question now was !
as to the interpretation which should be given to
these rules, taken in connection and in harmony
with each other. Under the old 36th rule, the
mover was entitled to speak two hours, bift he was ;
not to speak for a second hour until everybody de- ■
siring to do so had spoken once; but what was the
proviso to the new rule? It was the exclusion of,
a conclusion. It was intended to apply to debate i
closed in Committee of the Whole by order of the '
House, and excluded the conclusion that the pre- J
ceding rule had any application to such subject.
It was designed to show that the preceding rule
was not to be interpreted as giving to the mover
one hour to speak in addition to his opening hour, ;
when debate was closed by order of the House. ,
A member reporting the measure under consider-
ation may open and close the debate; but this right ;
was to be operated upon by this proviso, otherwise
every member who may not have spoken would
also have the right to speak one hour. And if
the interpretation contended for in committee were
sustained, it would also prolong debate for one
hour after the previous question had been ordered.
After sustaining this position by argument and '
illustration, he concluded with the expression of a
hope that the decision of the Chairman would be
reversed.
Mr. POLLOCK wished to say hut a single word.
Should the interpretation of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Sims] prevail, the object of
the committee in fixing an hour to terminate de-
bate would be defeated, and the intention of the
House, and of the rules it had established, would
become a nullity. In the interpretation of fill rules,
intention was to be the polar star. The intention
of those who made the rule must in every case
govern its interpretation. Now, the purpose of
this rule was to sccure to the reporter of a bill, or
other measure, the opportunity of explaining the
merits of it in detail, in reply to all objections
which might have been adduced against it. The
gentleman from South Carolina insisted that the
proviso attached to the rule excluded this. The
gentleman said that it was the definition of a pro-
viso, that it was " the exclusion of a conclusion."
That might be a very good definition; but, rn order
to determine what the conclusion to be excluded
was, it was necessary to look at the proviso and
the whole resolution. The gentleman knew that
at the time a point was fixed to close the debate,
the debate was not then, ipso facto, closed: it was
not closed until the point of time arrived which
the House had fixed. The true question to be
settled was, when the debate closed? And he held
that it would not be considered as closed until the
reporter of the bill had had the opportunity of
speaking one hour. When, for instance, the House
said that all debate shoulj cease at half-past two
o'clock, then, as soon as half-past two arrived, the
debate ceased as to all other members of the House;
but the right of the person who introduced the bill
to speak for one hour still remained. This, Mr.
P. believed to be the tiue intention of the rule;
and could the House, by a mere majority, suspend
one of the rules of the House2 It could, indeed,
repeal a rule; but it could not suspend it. To sus-
pend a rule required a vote of two-thirds. Be-
lieving such to be the true intent and meaning of
.the rule, and that great inconvenience must ensue
from any other interpretation, he hoped the deci-
sion of the Chair would be sustained.
Mr. DUER said he wished to be enlightened on
this subject. He wanted to vote intelligently upon
it. It seemed to be presumed that 'there was a
collision between two rules of this House. The
members were now in Committee of the Whole,
under an order to take the resolution out of com-
mittee at a particular hour. But it was said that
this order was subject to a rule which gave to the
chairman of a committee introducing a bill or
other proposition the right of closing the debate.
Now, if there was any collision between these two
directions of the House, he did not see why the
i one must be held subordinate to the other, so that
the second did pro tanto repeal the first. If, in-
deed, the second order were adopted at a later pe-
riod, in point of time, it would be so; but all the
' rules were adopted at one and the same time. But
was there, in point of fact, any collision between
them? He did not see any. The chairman of a
committee introducing a bill had a right to debate
it when debate was in order, and then only. It was
said that he had a right to speak for one hour; but
' the right to close the debate did not of itself give
him the right to speak for an hour in doing it. A
rule of the House said that no member should
speak on the same question more than one hour,
but not that he should in all cases be allowed to
speak for an hour. Suppose, when the hour fixed
arrived, the chairman should waive his right, and
, another member happened to be on the flooi, could
that member insist he had a right to speak an en-
tire hour5 Certainly not. The right of the chair-
, man of a committee to speak was subordinate to
the rules of the House. Mr. D. could not under-
stand that it must override them all. Theie was
no practical difficulty; both rules might he recon-
ciled, if the chairman, one hour before the ap-
pointed time, would rise in his place and claim his
right to the floor. The reasonable construction
of the rule would be that the House could not
close its debate without allowing him this privi-
lege.
Gentlemen were nowin Committee of the Whole*
and this Committee of the Whole was like any
other committee of the House; it had no more
power than any other committee. Gentlemen were
in committee, under an order of the House, to take
the question out of committee at a given hour; and
the committee had no right to say that in passing
such a resolution tU* House was acting out of or-
