128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7.
Jones,] which had failed to satisfy his mind that
he was in error. What was the position of the
gentleman from Tennessee? That gentleman told
them—so he was reported in this morning's In-
telligencer—that the Post Office Department, pre-
vious to the arrangement with this railroad com-
pany, paid $5,443 for the transmission of the mail.
That was correct; but it was in 1834, before the
railroad was completed. But did the gentleman
know the fact, that subsequently $190 a mile per
annum was paid for the transportation of that
mail ? And, further, had the gentleman from
Tennessee forgotten that the Postmaster General
had informed them that he paid $13,000 for the
transportation of the way mail from Washington
to Richmond—130 miles in twenty-three hours?
Now, if they could lessen the time one-half—that
is, if, instead of occupying twenty-three hours by
post-coaches, it could be done in eleven and a half
hours—would not the Postmaster General be au-
thorized to pay $26,000 to carry that mail, with
the addition of twenty-five percent.? This rail-
road company could perform that service in nine
hours, and for this facility and despatch it was
surely entitled to double compensation; and it was
a singular coincidence, that within a few dollars,
the company had heretofore received a sum to
which it was so obviously entitled.
The gentleman from Tennessee had spoken of
the mail service from Weldon to Wilmington,
which he said was performed for §237 50 per mile,
and that gentleman told the committee that that
niail ran in the night, which he appeared to look
upon as a great disadvantage. But he would see
the disadvantage also under which the railroad
from Washington to Richmond labored. That
company, instead of having the track clear, for
the repairs of the road, during the (lay, and when
they could employ their hands (they being slave-
holder*, as were the owners of the Weldon road,
generally—a fact which he made no doubt some
gentlemen had already remarked) in the pine fields
near the road, in cutting wood, and preparing for
generating steam for their engines—were compell-
ed, necessarily, to keep their hands always on the
look-out for the cars in the daytime; and therefore
this company had to employ an additional number
of hands, that is, one set to do the work off the
road, as stated, another set to remain constantly
on it, to attend to the cars at their stations, and
another also to do the necessary repairs, subject
to the frequent interruptions by the passing of mail
trains in the daytime; but not so in regard to the
Weldon road, for on that, as the gentleman [Mr.
Jones] had told us, the mail service was performed
in the nigkt-time.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones} re-
ferred to a delay which now takes place, and ad-
mitted it to amount to twelve hours. He was
right in his admission, but wrong as to the time.
There is a delay of eighteen, instead of only
twelve hours.
Mr. JONES here explained, and said that, by
reference to a statement in the pajJers of this
morning, furnished by the department, it would
be seen that, under the former arrangement, when
the mail was transported over the Richmond and
Fredericksburg railroad, the mail going south was
required to leave New York (say) on Monday, at
4| o'clock, p. m., and arrive at Charleston on
Thursday, at llj o'clock, a. m. Under the pres-
ent arrangement, by the bay line, the southern
mail is required to leave New York at 9 o'clock,
a. in. (say) on Monday, and arrive at Charleston
on Thuisday, at 11£ o'clock, a. m.—the same
time as under the former arrangement. The only
difference is, the mail at present is required to
leave New York at 9 in the morning, instead of
in the evening—being seven and a half hours
earlier; and this seven and a half hours is the
only delay—if, indeed, that can be considered a
delay—in the transportation of the Great Southern
mail by way of the Chesapeake bay.
Mr. GOdrGIN resumed. He was not talking
about the New York route, but the Postmaster
General's circuitous route to Richmond. In the
forty miles between here and Baltimore, there
was a delay of five hours which was not included
in the computation of the Postmaster General,
The five hours, added to the twelve hours admit-
ted by the gentleman, and one hour's delay else-
where along the line, made, in all, no less than
eighteen hours. But, even if it was bu£ twelve
femurs, how was the department going to arrange
so as to overcome that ? Time and tide waited
for no man ; though it seemed that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] expected they would
wait for the Postmaster General, while*his mail-
bags were making their slow, and winding, and
!■ way, down the James river, and up the Ap-
'| pomattox, and round by Baltimore. Must the
!t country endure a delay like this, in order to allow
\\ the head of the Post Office Department to make
i; this experiment of his bay route? Mr. G. did not
it mean to say, or to intimate, that that officer de-
'{ sired this : he did believe he meant what was
| right; he did not assail him personally, but he
: did assail his figures and plans.
'! Mr. STUART, of Michigan, here interposed,
but what he said the reporter"could not hear with
i sufficient distinctness to understand it.
! Mr. GOGG-IN strongly objected to these inter-
; ruptions, and hoped, if he must submit to them,
I that they would be allowed out of his hour. In !
i reply to some interrogatory Mr. Stuart had put
ii to him, Mr. G. said, I stand not here to speak for
the railroad company, but for seventy thousand of
| the people of Virginia. Pie was not privy to the
j views or wishes of that company, and he denied
| the gentleman's right to ask him such questions,
j If he made any reply to them it would be merely
out of courtesy. On that ground, he would say
1 to the gentleman that he did not know, of his own
knowledge, what the company would be willing to
: do; but he would tell the gentleman what he had
;! heard from others, not from them: he understood
ji the company thought it would not be for their in-
j| terest to accept what they themselves had formerly
j; offered to take. If they thought proper to evade or
j disobey the laws and to withdraw all support from
| the department, they could make much more mo-
ll ncy by establishing private expresses than the
amount offered them by the department. And
:j would it be wonderful if men were driven to resort
■ j to such measures? Although the law imposed a
| fine of §150 on all who ran a private express, and
$100 on the owner of any steamboat or railroad !
: j who should transport packets, and exacted a fine
| of £50 even on the transmission of a single letter, j
!; which a man, in the urgency of business or of:
i family anxiety, might send by a private messen- ,
; ger because he could not get it on in time by mail,
: even this might not be sufficient to deter a com-
, pany from meeting the public exigency. The
course pursued by the Postmaster General invited
to such a course; and, unless something better was
done to remedy the grievance under which the
country was laboring, before another year there '
would be hundreds of such expresses established
and continued on private account. !
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] .
asked what was to become of tbe other mails— |
the way-mails from here to Richmond ? That gen- '
tleman's object seemed to be not so much tofacili-
I taie the transmission of intelligence through the
' country, and thereby to serve the people, as to
save the Post Office Department from all harm.
| But he would take leave to tell that gentleman that
; every mail contract contained a saving clause al-
lowing the Postmaster General to discontinue any
mail route on certain conditions, and he could dis-
continue these. Was the gentleman answered?
As to the great southern mail, that gentleman's
amendment threw the cost of discontinuing the
; existing contract on the railroad company, and not i
1' on the Post Office Department. Was there any ;
, justice in this ? There was none. j
i Mr. G. proceeded to say, that when he had ad- j
| dressed the committee on a former day, he had
! endeavored to show there was no valid legal eon- [
. tract in existence to carry the mail from Washing- j
, ton to Richmond, and consequently that no dam- ;
: ages would accrue if that which purported to be a 1
I contract should be taken away. I have, said Mr. <
, G., in my hand a copy of the paper which thus '
:! purports to be a mail contract, which is to be exe- '
.! puted between the Postmaster General and the bay I
company. There is another for carrying the daily '
local mail to Richmond, which has a provision |
that the Postmaster General may at any time dis- J
, continue it on certain conditions. But in this re-:
; port he talks about the exclusive privileges of these
, railroad companies. Let us try the Postmaster •
lf General by his own rule; let us see if he has not J
; done the very thing which he charges so severely i
' on these companies. All who will look at the in- I
structions from the Post Office Department, as pub-
  listed in all the papers, will find that the contracts jj
are to contain the express right reserved to the
department of discontinuing a post route.
Mr. JONES here interposed, and inquired of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goggin] if he
had not in his possession a copy of the telegraphic
correspondence between the Postmaster General
and the bay line company after the railroad com-
pany had notified the department that they would
not carry the mail upon the terms offered by the
department after the 10th of December, m which
the bay line company proposed to carry the mail
from Baltimore to Richmond and Petersburg for
$34,000 per annum, until the 30th June, 1851,
upon the express condition that the contract should
be irrevocable ?
Mr. GOGG1N, resuming, said he held the very
paper the gentleman was talking about, and bad
been just going to read it when the gentleman in-
terrupted him. What he complained of was, that
in this paper the Postmaster General gave to this
bay company—a company which failed to render
the service required of it—a privilege not right-
fully contained in any mail contract; [Mr. G.
here read the paper.] The paper allowed the con-
tractor to relinquish his contract if be chose, and
preferred it to a change in its conditions. But the
corresponding right of the department to with-
draw the contract by allowing one month's extra
pay was expunged by black lines, not drawn
around it, but through and across it. That right
was here wholly dispensed with.
But even if tnis agreement was signed, this ex-
pungingof so important a clause in it would be of
| no avail, because it was accompanied by no wnt-
! ten guarantee. On this subject the law was express,
j He cared not how the Postmaster General might
j choose to construe it, the law was express that be-
| fore any mail contract could be of binding force it
must be accompanied with written guarantees. In
, this case there were no such guarantees, and, there-
' fore, though signed, the contract was not executed.
I The gentleman from Tennessee talked as if Mr.
: G. was in possession of documents which he wish-
ed to conceal and was ashamed to show to the
! House.
; Mr. JONES said, certainly not, Mr. Chairman,
i The correspondence to which I referred, was fur-
| nished to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gog-
: gin,] m answer to inquiries as chairman of the
| committee. It had been before the committee—he
' had seen it thete—but it had not been printed; the
; House was not in possesion of the correspond-
: ence. He wished the House to know the fact,
, that the bay line company proposed for and re-
; ceived the contract to carry the mail, upon condi-
: tion that the contract should be irrevocable—noth-
j ing more.
j Mr. GOGGIN said the papers were there, sub-
| ject to the examination of anybody that wished
i to read them. Mr. G. further remarked, that the
! Postmaster General, not having control of the Tel-
! egraph, had not even adverted once in his report
I to the existence of that lightning line. The reason
j might perhaps be that it would contrast too cred-
! itably with his own foggy circumnavigation. Cer-
, tainly it was a little remarkable that the existence
; of such a medium of communication was nowhere
[ even mentioned. Yet, on the 29th of November
| last, (just before the assembling of Congress,) he
! availed himself of its aid, and sent to the Tele-
I graph office a proposition as to a change of con-
tract for transporting the southern mail by this bay
company.
L.et it not be forgotten that the first bid was made
by the Postmaster General himself, through his as-
sistant, and not by the company. The communi-
cation inquired of the company, if the department
should wish to send the mail on the bay route,
what would you ask to carry it? And an early
answer was demanded. This was signed by Mr.
Hobbie, and sent by the wires. An answer was
received at three o'clock and ten minutes the next
morning, offering to take the daily mail for thirty-
four thousand dollars for three years and a half,
not subject to revocation within that time, with the
notice that ample security would be given. Secu-
rity was promised, but the department had asked
for it in vain. The proposal was made first on the
part of the department, and, so much afraid was
the Postmaster General that it should not be con-
summated before Congress should assemble, that
it was sent by lightning, and an immediate re-
sponse required; and the company, seeing that
they had got the department in their power, insert-
