1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
Charles E. Stuart, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, William Thompson, Turner,.
Veuable, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Wiley, and Wood-
ward—-97.
NA5TS—Messrs, Abbott, Green Adams, Ashmun, Bar-
ringer, Barrow,Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Belcher, BJanchard,
Bocock, Botts, Boydon, Brady, Jiutler, Cabell, Can by,
Chapman, Clingman, Cocke, Conger, Cranston, CrisfieJd,
Crowell, Crozfer, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Gamett Duncan,
Eckert, Edwards, Fisher, Ftournoy, Freedley, Fulton, Gayle,
Goggm, Gott, Gregory, Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall,
Haskell, Henrj', Isaac JB. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hub-
bard, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, John W. Jones, Kauf-
man, Kellogg, Thomas B. Kin;r, Daniel P. King, William
T. Lawienee,Levin, Lincoln, McDowell, McHvaine, Marsh,
Meade, Morehead, MuHin, Murphy, Nes, Newall, Nicoll,
Outlaw, Palfrev, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Julius Rock-
well, John A.Rockwell, Root,St. Jolm,Schenck,Shepperd,
Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stew-
art, Strohm, Sylvester, Talhnadg<', Thibodeaux, Taylor,
Tompkins, Richard W. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
Toombs, Van Dyke," Vinton, Warren, White, and Wilson
—96
The SPEAKER' voted in the negative, thus
equalizing the vote, whereby the amendment was
lost.
The question was then put on agreeing; to the
second amendment reported by the Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Haix's,) and decided in the af-
firmative: Yeas 101, nays 91.
The question was then put on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time,
and it was decided in the negative without a divis-
ion.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
the president's anSual message.
On motion of Mr. YINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. J. R. Ingersoll, of
Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the resolutions referring the Presi-
dent's annual message to the various appropriate
committees.
Mr. McCLERNAND having the floor, ad-
dressed the House as follows :
Mr. Chairman : It is due, perhaps, to the com-
mittee, that I should renew the apology now,
which I felt constrained to offer the other day
when I appealed to the committee to adjourn this
question temporarily, to enable me to speak upon
it under more favorable circumstances. Certain-
ly, sir, upon no other ground than that of physi-
cal indisposition, would I have ventured so far
from my humble course here as to have asked so
great a concession. In return, gentlemen, for
your kindness and consideration, I can only offer
you the humble tribute of my thanks and grati-
tude, which i beg you to accept.
These, Mr. Chairman, are critical and porten-
tous times; an accidental conjuncture threatens
the success of the cherished principles of Democra-
cy, and all who are friendly to the present repub-
lican Administration arc imperiously called upon to
come forth promptly and boldly in ifs defence.
All who profess to be Democrats should now prove
their faith by their works. For one, sir, I pro-
pose to do this; and, that I may do if with the
more success, I shall indulge in a somewhat exten-
sive range of debate.
First, sir, it is my purpose to review the great
measures that distinguished the internal or domes-
tic policy of the present Executive Administration,
and in like manner, on some future occasion, its
external or foreign policy—especially the justice
of our cause in the existing war with Mexico;
thus affording, as a whole, a general survey of
the conduct of our Government on the most im-
portant events of modern times.
Proceeding, sir, at once to the first and present
branch of my pregnant theme, I will be allowed to
premise that great and fundamental changes have
occurred m the administration of the Government
within a few years past. Upon the accession of
the Democratic party to the control of Congress in
1843 and 18-44, they found the policy lately before
established by the Federalists in full operation.
True, President Tyler, as if directed by some divine
power, arrested that fearful and fatal consumma-
tion—a United States bank; but other measures
little less mischievous survived to afflict the coun-
try. The mandamus and distribution acts still
blotted the statute book; the question of the policy
and power of this Government to engage in schemes
of internal improvement remained to be settled;
the black tariff to be replaced by a revenue tariff;
the constitutional treasury to be restored; and the
graduation principle, if possible, ingrafted upon
the present land system'. In short, a thorough
work of reform and restoration challenged our best
efforts. And how was that work performed ? We
shall see.
Upon the meeting of the twenty-eighth Congress
in 1843 and 1844, the members of the House of
Representatives found themselves much embar-
rassed by a serious and important question, that
stood in the way of the very organization of the
body, which forced them to choose between dis-
regarding what purported to be a law, and exclu-
ding several of the States from a voice in the pro-
ceedings of the body. This was the work of the
mandamus act, which deserves to be explained.
The Constitution declares that " the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives shall be prescribed in cach State
by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may
at any time, by law, make or alter such regula-
tions, except as to the places of choosing Sena-
tors."
This provision of the Constitution is of plain
and obvious import; but a Federal Congress was
not content to obey it. * Rendered arrogant by the
possession of ill-gotten power, they assumed the
dictatorial authority to demand of the States to
make such regulations " as the'Constitution left
only to Congress to make : in other words, they
assumed to do indirectly what they were afraid to
do directly. They passed a law requiring of such
of the States as elected Representatives by "gen-
eral ticket" to cease to do so, and elect*by is dis-
tricts." The design of the law was obvious : it
was to force New Hampshire, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri—four Democratic States—to
abahdon the mode of electing by general ticket,
and to elect by districts. And the immediate
effect of the law would have been to exclude the
Representatives from those States, almost all of
whom were Democrats, from a seat in the House.
Such, sir, would have been the effect of the law.
Well, what was the result? The States compro-
mised by the usurpation disregarded the law; and
a Democratic Congress, true in their devotion to
the Constitution and to State rights, repealed it.
They repealed it for numerous reasons, any one
of which would have been sufficient to justify the
act. It was unconstitutional, because it affirmed a
subordination of the States to Federal authority,
unknown to the Constitution; because, by a sort
of legislative alchemy, it converted one power into
two—the power of Congress to do a particular act
into a compound power to require the States to do
the same act. It was inexpedient, because it was
designed to take immediate effect, which would
have caused several of the States to incur the ex-
pense and trouble of holding extra sessions of
their Legislatures to give the mandate effect. It
was wrong, because its motive and its object was
to constitute a miserable, paltry, party triumph.
And for that and other reasons, it was expunged
fiom the statute-book'; and thus the way was
opened to the great and brilliant political reforma-
tions which have followed under Mr. Polk's ad-
ministration.
The first of these, Mr. Chairman, to which I
shall give my attention, is that which recent and
present circumstances seem to demand should be
first noticed: I refer to the bold and patriotic stand
taken by the President upon the subject of inter-
nal improvements by this Government under ex-
isting circumstances. I shall speak first to this
subject, because justice to truth and the President
demand that the attacks made upon both should
be immediately repelled. Well, sir, what, then,
has been the course of the President upon this
perplexing question? Upon succeeding to the
Presidency, like President Jackson, he found him-
self much embarrassed by its inherent difficulties;
which difficulties have been greatly aggravated by
the conflicting legislation of Congress upon the
subject. It is a fact, that for more than thirty
years after the organization of the present Gov-
ernment, no act was passed by Congress appro-
priating public money for river and harbor im-
provements. It appears that our predecessors
accordcd this power to belong to the States pecu-
liarly. Warned by the experience of other na-
tions, they held that an absolute money power was
absolute despotism: and, therefore, such of them
as assisted in framing the Federal Constitution,
through a jealous fear, were unwilling to unite
such a power with that of 4he sword, which was
given to this Government. Such a conjunction—
the purse and the sword—they thought would
prove as disastrous to liberty here as it had else-
where. Hence, in 1817 and 1818, Congress, in
pursuance of this example of abstinence from the
exercise of doubtful powers, passed the following
declaratory resolutions in the negative; and that,
too, after a protracted and elaborate debate, in
which such statesmen as Barbour of Virginia,
Blount of Tennessee, Cobb of .Georgia, Desha
of Kentucky, Holmes of Massachusetts, and
Ringgold of Maryland, took an active and con-
spicuous part in the negative. The resolutions
are as follow:
1st. Resolved, That Congress has power, under the Consti-
tution, to construct post-roads and military roads: Provided,
That private property be not taken for public use without
just compensation.
Yeas 82, nays 84.
2d. Resolved, That Congress has power, under the Con-
stitution, to consti lift roads and canals necessary for com-
merce between the States: Provided, That private property
be not taken for public purposes without just compensation.
Yeas 71, nays 95.
3d. Resolved, That Congress has power, under the Con-
stitution, to construct canals for military purposes: Provided,
That no privatfs property be taken for any such purpose
without just compensation theiefor.
Yeas 81, nays 83.
Such, sir, was the course of Congress upon this
subject down to 1817 and 1818, and such the
ground upon which it was rested. Yet, sir, accord-
ing to the history of organized power everywhere,
we find that in 1829, « hen General Jackson had
succeeded to the Presidency, that this early and
lonsr-continued practice and construction of the
Constitution had been overthrown, and a most
loose and latitudinous one adopted in its stead.
Wild and extravagant schemes of internal im-
provement had become the order of the day. Du-
ring the immediately previous administration of
Mr. Adams, it had found the greatest favor and
had been pushed to excess; so much so, that in
less than ten years after its introduction, more than
£.200,000,000 had been asked for various objects of
internal improvement. President Jackson saw that
the alarming evil demanded a speedy remedy, and
he then boldly and nobly stepped forth to save his
country from a career of corruption, bankruptcy,
and ruin, as he had before saved her from the arms
of a foreign foe upon the ever-memorable plains of
New Orleans. He vetoed or refused to sign the
following acts :
"An act making appropriations for building
light-houses, light-boats, beacons, and monuments,
placing buoys, improving harbors, and directing
surveys." "An act authorizing subscription for
stock i:i the Louisville and Portland Canal Com-
pany." " An act for the improvement of certain
harbors, and the navigation of ccrtain rivers."
And finally, "An act to improve the navigation
of the Wabash river."
In his objections to the last-mentioned act, he
says:
" The desire to embark the Federal Government in works
of internal improvement prevailed, in the highest degree,
during the fust session of the tirst Congress that 1 had the
lion01 to meet in my present situation. When the bill au-
thorizing a subscription on the part of the United States for
stock m the Mavsville and Lexington Turnpike Company
passed the two Houses, there had been reported by the Com-
mittees on Internal Improvements bills containing appropri-
ations for such objects, exclusive of those for the Cumber-
land road, and for harbors and light-houses, to the amount
of ahout one hundred and >ix millions of dollars. In this
amount was included authority to the Secretary of the
Treasury to subscribe for the stock of different companies
to «\ great extent, and the residue was pnncipally ior the
direct construction of roads by this Government. In addi-
tion to these projects, which* have been presented to the
two Houses under the sanction and recommendation of thejr
respective Committees on Internal Improvements, there
weie then still pending before the committees, and in me-
morials to Congress, presented, but not referred,-different
pioiects for works of a similar character, the expense of
which ennnot be estimated with certainty, but must hav^
exceeded one hundred millions of dollars."
Much, sir, was thus done by President Jackson
to correct a growing evil, the consummation of
which must be corruption, bankruptcy, and ruin;
but still, much remained to be done. The rule he
laid down only reached a part of the evil, and did
not go far enough, as he afterwards admitted,
it was reserved for Mr. Polk to extend the rule,
and strike at the root of the whole evil to finish
the work commcnced by his illustrious predeces-
sor. And how did he finish it ? Simply by refer-
ring the subject of river and harbor improvements
to the States, who may clearly take cognizance of
it with the consent of Congress. But I will let
the President speak for himself. He says:
