1B2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
"The Constitution provides that fno State shall, without j
the con^nt or Congress. Jay an} duty of tonnage.' Vhtii ;
the ' consent1 of Conzress, such duties may be levied, col-
lected and expended bv the Static. We are not left in the
dirk as to the objects of this. reservation of power to the
States The subject was fully considered hy the convention
that framed the Constitution. Itappears, in Mr. Madison's
report of the proceeding of that body, that one object of the
reservation was, that the States should not be restrained
from laying duties of tonnage for the purpose of clearing
harbors. Other objects were named the debates; and
anion? them, the supportof seamen. Mr. Madison,tieaung
on this subject m the Federalist, declares that—
"'Therestraint on the pow >r of t!;e States over imports
<and export-* is enforced h> all the arguments which prove
1 the necessity of submitting the regulation of trade to the
'Federal Councils. It is needless, therefore, to remark fur-
ther on this h^nd, than that the manner in which the re-
i stramt is qualified seems well calculated at once to secure
* to the States a reasonable discretion in providing for the
<convemtncy or thvir imports and exports.and to the United
< States a reasonable cheek ogani-t the abuse of this discre-
* tton.' "
" The States may lay tonnage duties for clearing harbors,
improvingrivers, or for other purpose^; but are renamed
from abusing the power, because, before such duties can
take effect, the • consent' of Congress must be obtained.
Here is a safe provision for the improvement of hatbors and
rivers in the reserved poweis of the States, and in the aid
they may derive from duties of tonnage lev ied with the con-
sent of Congress. lis safeguards are, that both the State
Legislature® and Congress have to concur in the act of rais-
ing thefund«; that thev are in every instance to he levied !!
upon the commerce of those ports wmch are to profit by the j j
proposed improvement; that no question of conflicting
power or jurisdiction is involved} that the expenditure be-
ing in the hands of those who are to pay the money and be (I
immediately benefited, will be more carefully managed and ' I
more productive of -rood than if the funds were drawn from !
the national treasury, and di*bur>ed by the officers of the
Geneial Government; that such a system will earn,7 with it
no enlargement ot Federal power and patronage, and leave
the States to be the sole judge* of their own wants and in-
terests, with only a conservative negative in Congress upon
anv abuse of the power which the States may attempt.
<*•' Under this wise system, the improvement of harbors
and rivers was commenced, or rather continued, from the ji
organization of the Government under the present Constitu- ij
tion. Many acts were passed by the several States levying j,
duties oftonnace,and many were passed by Conjrressgniug U
their consent to those acts. Bach acts have been parsed  |
bv Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Maryland, \\
Virginia, North Carolina. South Carolina, and Georgia, and |i
hfli-fl hpp.n sanctioned bv the consent of Conoress." :
have been sanctioned by the consent of Conaress.
Such. Mr. Chairman, is a brief out]me of the ij
history of internal improvements by this Govern-1|
ment, and such has been Mr. Polk's course upon !|
that subject. Who now shall reproach him for i;
broaching a new and untried theory^ Who now .!
shall condemn him for exercising, according to the jj
dictates ofhis conscience, an unquestionable con- j;
stitutional power, for vetoing one or iwo bills, the
titles of which professed to oe what was belied by
their enactments?—which united in grotesque an'd
corrupt conjunction Great Wood's Hole, Little
Sodus bay, Hog Island channel, and the like no-
menclature, with the mighty Mississippi and great
lakes, which would have taken from the treasury,
in time of war, perhaps millions of money, and
thereby lessened the ability of the Government to
feed and clothe our armies and maintain their suc-
cess in the field; which would have created a na-
tional debt pro ta7iio, and thereby, perhaps, a j
national banK—thus leading ultimately to the cor- j
ruption and consolidation of the Government, and j
consequently to despotis.il. I too, sir, voted j
against these bills, for which I also have been j
abused; but with no other effect than to confirm ;
me in a fearless and faithful discharge of my duty. ,
I also voted against certain resolutions declaratory j
of the power of Congress over the subject of inter- j
nal improvements, which were adopted here a few j
days ago. I voted against these resolutions for j
many reasons, and, anions? others, because I |
thought they were thrust upon the House oat of i
time and propriety; because the previous question j
was asked uoon them before they were read at the j
Clerk's desk, which was ordered by the coipbmed ;
vote of the Fed en*! side of the House—thus cutting ;
off ail debate, consideration  ;
Mr. JBUOOHEAD. And amendment. i
Mr. McCLEPvNAXD. Yes, sir, and amend- j
ment. I voted against it, because it appears to be
artfully drawn no, so as to afford a constitutional j
sanction to profligate bills already vetoed, or which !
may hereafter deserve to be \ecoed;and because, ,
too, I thought I discovered a covert blow in it, aimed !
at the Presided. ns was proven to be true by the de- j
claratien made immediately upon the passage of j
the resolution, that ix a bill would be founded upon ;
it which would be passed over the President's j
head."
I have reason to believe, sir, that the plan pro-
posed by the President will prove satisfactory to
tha Stat® i b*v« tb© honor in part to represent.
Bounded on the west by the Mississippi, on the
south by the Ohio, on the east by the Wabash—
three great rivers, floating a vast amount of com-
merce and navigation—she would be furnished
with ample means, at the lowest rate of tonnage
duties, to improve and perfect the navigation of
these and other rivers, including the Illinois and
Rock rivers, in which she is immediately and
greatly concerned. Bounded on the north by
Lake Michigan, there she would be equally well
supplied with the means of improving and secu-
ring her only two harbors, at Chicago and Little
Fort; the trade at which, especially at Chicago,
the pride of our State, is now quite large, and is
rapidly increasing. It will not only accomplish
all'this, but more; it would exempt Illinois from
the burden of paying heavy and perpetual contri-
butions for the improvement of harbors and the
navigation of rivers in which she is not interested.
Ancfthis reasoning should apply with equal force
to Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, Arkansas,
Iowa,and Missouri—whose rich and populous city
of St. Louis would afford abundant means to make
and preserve one of the best harbors in the world
—and, in fact, with more or less force to all the
States. Upon the ground of expediency, there- !
fore, upon which I place this argument, the plan ,
proposed by the President should prove generally
acceptable. :
But, sir, time presses, and I must pass on more ;
rapidly. Early during Mr. Polk's administration, j
the question of the repeal of the law distributing 1
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands among j
the States, came up for consideration. This meas- I
ure originated with the great man of Ashland,
(Mr. Clay,) who continued to urge it with his ■
great talents and influence, until it obtained the •
sanction of Congress. General Jackson, with dif- !
ferent views of public policy, regarded the meas-
ure as of dangerous tendency, and, theiefore, ;
airested its consummation by the Executive veto '
We ail recollect the fierce partisan war thot was |
waged against the "Old Hero" for this act, and
how he bore himself triumphantly in the contest.
Thus defeated, the measure remained inoperative
until 1841; when a "Federal Congress" exhumed '
it from the grave, and galvanized it into a sort of 1
quondam rickety existence. Tradition tells us then !
that it was distribution, and that other short-lived 1
and execrable shape, the bankrupt laic, came forth
as twin and dependant offspring of the same act
of political adultery. They come forth as the
formidable shapes that spranir from the biain oi
Lucifer to guard the gates of H'Jl: ;
k,The one seem'u woman to the \va.--t. and fair;
But ended foul xn many a scaly fold,
Voluminous and vast!—aserptnt arni'd
With mortal sting; about her middle lound,
A cry of hell-hounds never ceasing bark'd
With wide Cerberean mouths full loud, and rung
A hideous peal; yet, when they hs t, would creep,
If au?ut disturb'd their noise, uuo her womb,
And kennel there."
Such was the image of that frightful moral prod-
igy, the bankrupt law, with its foul and double
features of voluntary and involuntary bankruptcy;
which mocked at the faith of contiacfs, and af-
forded a sanctuary for near fifty thousand debtors
against the demands of their creditors.
The other shape,
If <*bape it nvebt be called tliat shape i:ad none,
Di'uiiiudit-bablu hi member, joint, or limb;
Or substance might be c«"11<hj. that shadow seemed,
* * * vVbr-t seemed head
The likeness of a kindly ciovv n had on."
This, sir, was the likeness of distribution, with
its shadowy and conditional operation to disperse
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States, when the revenue from imports, taxed at
a certain maximum rate of duties, should prove suf-
ficient to support the Government. This measure
was objectionable on many accounts. It wis ob-
jectionable, because its tendency wos to perpetuate
a land system which has already drawn more than
$100,000,000 from the infant communities of the '
west and southwest, as the price of the homes '
they have found in the wilderness, and d'gmfy by
their courage and patriotism; which hps drawn
from Illinois alone more than $10,000,000, and !
which, aggravated by distribution, would tend to !
degrade the States to the character of mendicants
at the throne of Federal power, by the hope of re- i
ceiving periodical alms. Distribution, sir, is the :
entering wedge of a high restrictive tariff, which !
must tax the people of the new States unequally '
as consumers, to buy mora and more lands, to be •
sold chiefly to themselves at an advanced price, in
order that the proceeds thereof may he distributed
among all the States; and for these, and other rea-
sons unnecessary here to be mentioned, the dis-
tribution act was repealed.
ij Yes, sir, distribution was not only repealed, but
|j Mr. Polk and the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
i I Walker, cogently recommended the antagonistrcal
; j democratic measure of the graduation and reduc-
i: tion of the price of the public lands to settlers and
i cultivators. They recommended this measure;
and I, as a member of the Committee on Public
i Lands, had the honor of bringing it in a legislative
form before this House. And what was the re-
I suit? It was strenuously opposed by the whole
i Federal phalanx; particularly by the gentleman
, from Veimont, [Mr. Cot.i whose abilities
now grace the head of the Land Committee; by the
, distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
;;who has been promoted to be chairman of the
j; Committee of Ways and Means; and by the elo-
quent gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephen's,]
|| with whom I have the honor to be associated on
!; the Land Committee, and I hope not without the
II prospect of moving his bowels to compassion for
!' the meritorious but much-abused class of pioneers
and settlers. It was thus opposed; yet, sir, after
! one of the most tremendous struggles which ever
;! occurred in Congress, it was passed by this House,
< and afterwards hy the Senate, with some modifica-
j ■ tion, which caused it to be lost for the want of time
for its further consideration.
i  It is to be regretted, sir, that so important a
! measure should have been lost. Its enactment
into the force of a law would have been attended
with the most beneficial consequences. It would
• have reduced and graduated the prices of the pub-
! lie lands according to their actual value, and thus
strengthened the liberties of the country by in-
creasing the number of independent freeholders.
' It would have increased our agricultural surplus,
| and thereby our national wealth, by extending the
area of agricultural labor. It would have hastened
the period for lopping off a cumbrous and expen-
sive branch of Federal patronage. It would have
'I secured to the Government a fair equivalent for the
public lands. In fine, it would have crowned the
{  labors of a Democratic Administration with com-
!■ plete success. Lost, however, as the measure
j' was, it is still the merit of a Democratic President
1 and Congress that its principle was, for the first
; time, concurrently approved, under their auspices,
by two departments of the Government.
! But, sir, as glorious as are these results, another
equally, if not more glorious, remains to be added.
I refer to the liberation of the country, and its la-
bor and interests, from the shackles of a restrictive
and oppressive tariff. As Jefferson had contribu-
ted to redeem the country from the despotism of
the alien and sedition laws—as Jackson, with a
bold hand, had struck down that harlot of iniqui-
ty, the United States Bank—as Van Buren had re-
leased the Government from a corrupting connec-
tion witn State banks, and poised it upon its own
self-acting and self-pieserving powers, under the
Constitution; so Picsident Polk, emulating these
great examples, has contributed powerfully, by his
well-directed and persevering efforts, to relieve the
country from the blighting system of commercial
restrictions. The oppressive and unjust tariff of
1842, enacted by a Federal Congress, was in full
operation when Mr. Polk came to the Presidency;
and, like all other enactments founded in the in-
terests of favored classes, was strong in its very
principle of exclusion. Five hundred thousand
manufacturers, with all their influence of capital,
business, and association, sustained it with the
unity of a common interest and the activitv of one
will, CI.ul in purple and tinselled with srold, they
contended for the retention of a profit of 50, 100,
and 150 pez* cent, per annum up^n capital, against
more than four millions of agriculturists, artisans,
and naviira^ors, whose only obiect was to obtain a
fair reward *or labor. The contest was for a long
time doubtful. Once tawdry wealth overcame hon-
est toil; but justice and the democracy of numbers
finally triumohed, and the " black tariff" of 1842
was replaced by the revenue tariff of 1846. Hap-
py, glorious result'—the emancipation of labor
from the bonds of capital!—a second declaration
of independence 1 Th« grand and instructive event
should ever stand as a light and a guide for the
future!
Whatever, sir, may be the policy of ©ther na-
