1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
tions, that of the United States consists preemi-
nently in free trade. Experience not only bears
testimony to this great truth, but God himself has
stamped it with an omnipotent hand in the ever-
lasting features of the country—in its vast extent,'
its diversities of soii and climate, its superior adap-
tation to the production of breadstuffs and cotton,
the great staples for feeding and clothing mankind
—which, in our hands, must eventually secure to
us the control of the commerce and exchanges of
the world. Hear, sir, what the great man who
presides over the Treasury Department says of
its beneficent operation and promise in l^is late re-
port:
(c The new tariff has now been in operation more than
twelve months, and ha3 greatly augmented the revenue and
prospejiry of the country. The net revenue from duties (see
table NN) during the twelve months ending 1st Dcccmbfr,
1847, under the new tariff, is $313500;G'J0; being £3,528 595
more than was received during the twelve months,preced-
ing, under the tariff of 1842. The net revenue ot the first
quarter of the first fioal year, under the new tanff, w<ts
{§11,103,257 41; whilst in the same quaiter of the preceding
year,under the tariff of 185% the net itvenue was otily
153,826 53. Ifthe revenue for the three remaining quarteis
should equal jn the aveiage the nr^t, then the net revenue
from duties, during the first fiscal year of the new tariff, would
be $44,425,029 64. If, however, the comparison is founded
on all the quartcily returns for forty-eight years, (as far back
as given quarterly in the treasuiy records,) and the same
proportion for the several quarters applied to the fhst quar-
ter of this year, it would make its net revenue $40,388,045
(per table C.)" *****
" Comparing the first twelve months ending the 1st of De-
cember, 1847, under the new tarffx, with preceding years,
we find proof? of increased prosperity. The revenue has
largely augmented; so also have the imports, expoits, and
tonnage, our imports of specie, our coinage at the mint, our
agucultural and mineral pioducts, our commerce and navi-
gation, the business upoa our lakes, rivers, and coastwise—
upon our railroads and canals—whilst in every direction
manufactories are being established or enlarged, and new
manufacturing towns and cities are springing into exist-
ence." * * "Instead of ruin, we find prosperity; the
manufacturers receiving fair profits, and the workinsjinen
augmented wages and employment." * * "And now,
  when, under our successful example, the ports of Europe
are most piobably about being more widely opened to all our
exports, shall we check the advancing spirit of the age, and
extinguish the dawning light of commercial freedom ? Every-
where nations are being aroused upon this subject; their
stateunen are resisting the interested classes, and exposing
the injury and injustice of shackles upon trade, and will
soon emoll the names of other countries on the great inter-
national league of commercial freedom for the benefit of
mankind. It was our own country and her public function-
aries who proclaimed these great truths before they had re-
ceived the sanction of other nations." * * *
" With such results already from our efforts, we have every
motive to persevere until the free-trade doctiines of Great
Britain and Amcrica—the two greatnationsof kindred blood
and language—shall open the ports and disenthral the com-
merce ot the world." * * * * *
« France, Russia, Germany, Austria, Italy, Prussia, Swit-
zerland, Hnilanji, Belgium, Denmark, and Sweden, and
even China, have moved, or are vibrating or preparing to
move in lavor of the same great principle; and if our own
country and Great Britain adhere to then present enlighten-
ed policy, the lest of the world must Jose their commetee,
or adopt, as they will, our example."
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to speak of the
last measure in the series of the triumphs of this
Administration to which my limited time will al-
low me to give attention at present. I refer, sir,
to the constitutional treasury, upon which that
great and virtuous statesman, President Van Bu-
ren, fell; but which, under Mr. Polk's recommend-
ation, has superseded the act of 1789, for the cus-
tody of the public money. This measure, like the
revenue tariff, was strenuously opposed by the
horde of bankers, brokers, stock-jobbers, and usu-
rers; many of whom, as custodiers of the,j>ublic
treasure, -kad speculated upon it, from the repeal
of the constitutional treasury in 1841, by a Federal
Congress, to the date of its restoration, in 1846,
by a Democratic Congress ; and who, therefore,
were unwilling to give it up. The country may
now congratulate itself upon a better state of
things. The taxes drawn from labor are no longer
subject to bank failures and bank frauds—tlfey
cannot be prostituted to party purposes—they are
in the responsible custody of the law. The sim-
plicity of such a system of finance, in its direct
provisions, for the collection, safe-keeping, and
disbursement of the public revenues, by officers
appointed, and penally and otherwise bound for
that purpose, should commend it to the especial
favor of the friends of State rights and republican
virtue. But hear, again, what the Secretary of the
Treasury (Mr. Walker) says of the operation of
the constitutional treasury:
"The receipts and disbursements of the Government in
specie, during the last eleven months, have amounted, to-
getner, to the sum of $96,894,403 49; and not a dollar has
been lost to the treasury, nor any injuiy inflicted upon any
branch of commerce or business. The constitutional treas-
ury has been tried during a period of war, when it was
necessary to negotiate very large loans, when our expendi-
tures were being increased, and when transfers unpre-
cedented in amount were required to distant points for
disbursement. During the last eleven months, the Govern-
ment has received, transferred, and disbursed more specie
than during the whole aggregate period of fifty-seven yeais
preceding since the adoption of the Constitution. * * *
During the year ending 30th June, 1847, our imports of
specie were $24,121,239, (see table T,) most of which, un-
der former systems, must have gone into the banks, to have
been made the basis of issues ot their paper to the addition-
al amount of fifty or sixty millions of dollars. Such an ex-
pansion, during the last spring and summer, accompanied by
still higher ptices, and followed by a greater fall, and by
bankruptcies in England to an extent heretofoie unknown,
finding our banks and credit greatly expanded, and reacting
upon this expansion, would have produced a revulsion here
exceeding any that has heretofoie occurred in the country.
A general suspension of the banks woutd probably have re-
sulted; depressing the wages of labor and prices of pi operty.
and products ; afluctingixijuriousl> the operations and credit
even of the most solvent, ard producing extensive bank-
ruptcies. From this revulsion we have been saved by the
constitutional treasury, by which the specie imported,
instead of being converted into bank issues, has been made
to circulate directly to a great extent as a currency among
the people—having been recomed here during the last eleven
months by the new orders of this department under the act
of 9th Feb'uary, 1793, and the zealous coopeiation of the
able and efficient head of the mint at Philadelphia, to the
unprecedented extent of $20,758,04812; and there are thou-
sands of our citizens now soiventand prosperous, who have
been saved from ruin by the wholesome operation of the
constitutional treasury. The banks that so unwisely oppo-
sed the system have been rescued, probably, fiom another
suspension; their stockholders, depositors,and note-hold-
ers from severe losses; and the country and Government
nom the ruinous effects ol a depreciated paper currency. If
the union of the Government with the banks had continued,
and their suspension and the depreciation of their paper oc-
curred during the war, requiring large spcciedisbuisoments,
which suspended banks could" not furnish, consequences
the most disastrous to the honor and the interests ot the
country must iiave ensued. The Government is now dis-
connected from banks, and yet its stock and nates are at
par, although we have been constrained to contiact heavy
loans, and to keep larger armies in the field than at any
former period. But during the last war, when the Govern-
ment was connected with banks, its six per cent, stock and
treasury notes were depreciated twenty-five per cent., pay-
able in bank paper twenty per cent, below par; thus amount-
ing to a loss of forty-five cents in every dollar upon the
operations of the Government y * * * * *
Now, for the first time in our history, although failures in
England of the most unprecedented magnitude have oc-
curred, including banks and bankers, yet our hanks and
credit are sound and stable, and the business of the country
is still prosperous and progressive."
This quotation, Mr. Chairman, closes my hasty
and, I fear, very imperfect sketch of the internal
or domestic policy of Mr. Polk's administration j
my vindication of the model President—the man
who has conducted one of the most brilliant wars
of any age—who has effected the greatest state
reforms of modern times—who, unambitious and
unaspiring, rose upon the spontaneous suffrages
of his countrymen to the highest civil station on
earth, in which he stands forth the faithful reflex
of their sentiments and opinions, and the admired
representative of a great nation. Yes, sir, all
this, and more, has been achieved under the au-
spices of Mr. Polk's administration; upon which
we, his friends, tender you, his opponents, the
issues offered by great principles. Will you meet
these issues? We challenge you to meet them.
If you are still for a national bank, a restrictive
tariff, distribution, schemes of internal improve-
ment, et alia enorma of Federalism; if you would
still pursue a policy which must unavoidably make
the rich richer and the poor poorer—which must
dangerously strengthen this Government, at the
expense of the States and the people,—say so.
Do not skulk behind a military chieftain, nor
seek to shield yourselves by a temporary excite-
ment or prejudice, which, when passed away,
must leave you sunk still deeper in the mire of
your political sijis.
Yes, sir, under Mr. Polk's administration, the
column to Democracy has been completed. Based
upon truth, crowned with victory, inscribed with
"equal rights," "free trade," "cheap lands,"
"constitutional treasury," "hard money," and
the " onward march of liberty," it will ever stand
an imperishable monument of the fame of its ar-
chitect and the glory of the Republic.
But what, sir, have our opponents been doing
in the mean time? Without recurring to the past,
I will speak only of the present. We know you
have voted that Mexico commenced the present
war by her aggressions. We know you have
voted to place the army and navy of the United'
States—50,000 volunteers and $10,000,000—at the
disposal of the President, to wage this war on our
part. And- we know that you have now turned
round and voted that this same war was not corn-;
menced by Mexico, but unnecessarily and uncon-
stitutionally by President Polk. , We also know
that southern pro-slavery men and northern anti-
slavery men, of the same political party, have uni-
ted in electing our worthy ana distinguished
Speaker, who, in moving the exclusion of slavery'
from Oregon, where it could not exist, introduced'
and provoked the agitation of the principle of the
Wilmot proviso, for which he should be held re-
sponsible or applauded, according to the judgment
of the patriotic, people.
Mr. STANTON said, he had not anticipated a
debate at this time on the subjects touched upon
by the gentleman from Illinois who had just taken
his seat; but"as that gentleman*had discussed, or
given notice of his intention to discuss, the whole
range of policy pursued by the present Adminis-
tration, Mr. S. presumed it would be in order for
him to take up at least one portion of it. And he-
was induced to do this the rather because it was
his misfortune-to differ in opinion from the Presi-
dent on one of the topics adverted to in the mes-
sage, while in regard to all the others he entirely
and cordially concurred with him. In saying that
he differed from the Executive on one subject, he
referred to what had been said by the President in
his messages at the opening of this and also at the
last session of Congress on the policy of works of
internal improvement by the General Government.
Mr. S. said, he could not agree with some gentle-
men on the other side of the House in the senti-
ment that the veto power lodged by the Constitu-
tion in the hands of thePresident was an arbitrary
power, and regal in its character. While he doubt-
ed not that the President had been perfectly hon-
est and conscientious in his use of it in relation to
certain projects of internal improvement, he con-
sidered the power itself but as the vote which the
j Constitution gave to the President to countervail
' that of one-sixth of the members of the Senate
i and House of Representatives. One-sixth of both
Houses, when added to a simple majority, made
up just two-thirds of the entire number of mem-
bers. He said, therefore, that the veto was but
the vote which the Constitution put into the hands
of the Executive. And he thought that members
of Congress had no more right to complain of the
manner in which the President used the constitu-
tional vote given to him, than he had to complain
of the manner in which the members used their
own. Mr. S. went on to observe, that not only
did he believe the President to have been conscien-
tious in his use of the veto, but that it required
great firmness on his part to do what he did on
this subject, inasmuch as it brought him into direct
collision with many of the greatest men in his own
political party, as well as some of the most dis-
tinguished of the Administrations which had pre-
ceded him. It took some moral courage to main-
tain his ground against the opinions of such men
as Calhoun and Cass, as Buchanan and Walker,
not to mention the present Secretary of War, Mr.
Marcy. Ke could not have forgotten that the
Secretary of War of the present Administration
had made a.report to the President of the United
States, which the President had sent both to the
Senate and the House of Representatives, recom-
mending many of those very measures which in
the veto message were denounced as unconstitu-
tional. Mr. S. must, therefore, be permitted to
say, that what the Executive had done in this
matter required great moral firmness, and that the
fact itself was strong presumptive evidence that,
in taking such a step, the President had but fol-
lowed a strong conviction of duty. Mr. S. repeat-
ed, that it was nevertheless his misfortune to differ
from the President; and he desired the opportu-
nity of saying a few words, in order that he might
point out some of the grounds of that difference.
He understood the message to take the position
that Congress, under the Constitution, possessed
no power to facilitate navigation for the benefit of
the country. The most of the President's argu-
ment in support of this position was either of a
metaphysical or a philological character : that part
of it which was historical would be found on ex-
amination to be inaccurate in point of facts. .As
to the metaphysical and the philological reasoning
of the President, Mr. S. should on this occasion
say nothing; but in relation to the historical por-
tion, he might refer you to a speech of a distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina at the last
session of Congress* where they would find the
historical facts put very differently from the man-
