184a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
removing- them: and if it might remove them,when
- the ship was just upon them, it might remove them
by anticipation, a year beforehand; and if it could
remove a year before, it might remove them ten
years before. To this my colleague had replied,
that if his argument was sound, then Congress
might build a ship on the top of the Rocky Moun-
tains, and dig a canal from thence to the ocean.
His colleague's answer wars about as good as the
President's. He put it to gentlemen to show how
one of these arguments was any stronger than the
other.
Mr. S. thought he had shown that an argument
just as strong as that in the message against the
power to improve navigation might be made
against any power granted in the Constitution.
But it was said that this power of internal im-
provement was a fascinating, a seductive power,
and, once admitted, would he sure to lead the
Government beyond all bounds of piudencc. And
if it were, was not the love of military glory,
was not the thirst of conquest equally fascina-
ting, and might not this be as well urged against
the war power in the Constitution r
Mr. S. regretted to differ in opinion from the Pres-
ident, the more on account of the consequences
which must follow the adoption of the Executive
doctrines. Let the President's positions once be
conceded, and the result must be to blow out every
light-house from Maine to Texas—to sweep away
every pier, and sea-wall, and breakwater, and
buoy, and light-boat on the ocean and the lakes.
The President contended that Congress had the
power to authorize the States to levy tonnage du-
ties for the purpose of making works of internal
improvement for themselves. Mr. S. had arrived
at a very different conclusion. The Constitution
gave to Congress the power of laying tonnage
duties, provided they be uniform throughout the
Union. If Congress should grant this power to
the States, and the right to make works of inter-
nal improvement was incidental to the power of
laying tonnage duties, why might not Congress,
who possessed the power in its integrity,"make
works of the same kind ? Congress possessed the
whole power; the States must possess it only in
part.
According to the argument of the President,
Congress was to judge what works might be made
and what might not: it could prevent, but not
make them*, it might hamper, and encumber, and
embarrass those who would exercise the power,
but it could not use it themselves. But Mr. S.
insisted that if Congress could interfere with the
power at all, it could exert the power itself. But
the President saw that Congress had often granted
this power to the States, and lie brought prece-
dents in wairant of such a proceeding. But if
precedent constituted the warrant, Congress had
as often exerted this power itself as it had granted
it to the States; and so it was just as good a war-
rant for the one proceeding as for the other. The
argument from precedent was equally good both
ways.
But, though such were Mr. S.'s views, he was
ready to consent to any arrangement by which this
long-vexed question might at length be settled. If
this plan of granting to the States the right to im-
pose tonnage duties and apply the proceeds to the
improvement of these rivers and harbors, he was
willing the thing should be so arranged: but "he
did not see how this was possible. Suppose, for
example, the State of Louisiana should ask of
Congress the right to impose tonnage duties to be
applied to the levees, &c., in that State, did gentle-
men suppose that all western States washed by the
waters of the Mississippi would assent to the
grant? What guaranty would they have that Lou-
isiana would make a proper use of the money ?
What security would they have that she would
not apply it to her own exclusive benefit, in ways
never intended by Congress ? He granted that in
such cases as in the harbors of New York, and
Boston, and Baltimore, the plan might perhaps
work well; but on the great streams of the West,
unanimity was morally impossible, and there the
plan would be fruitful only of dissensions and dis-
cord.
Mr. S. said he had no intention of indulging in
a prolix argument on these constitutional ques-
tions. He was fully aware that what he might
say in regaid to them was likely to have but hute
weight with the committee, and as little influence
on the action of Congress. He made these re-
marks mainly in justification of himself, and be-
cause he had the misfortune to differ on these
points from the President, and from a certain por-
tion of his own political friends.
In the other doctrines of the message he agreed
entirely in sentiment with the Executive.
The chairman of one of the most important
committees of this House had said that he never
would consent to increase the public debt for the
sake of carrying on works of internal improve-
ment: this was the fixed determination of his
party, if so, then most cleaily this was not a
time in which Congress must embark in such en-
terprises, becausc, if they did, a public debt must
be created. Gentlemen had said they were wil-
ling to apply to this object a part of the revenue,
when the public revenues were abundant, and
when the condition of the country would justify
it, but under no other circumstances. So far as
that gentleman was willing to confine the appro-
priation of the public revenue to great works of a
clearly national chaiactcr, Mr. S. was prepared to
go with him; but the tieasuiy was not now in a
proper state for any such undertakings. The na-
tion was at war : it was engaged in a war which
Mr. S. believed to be right in itself, and to have,
from the beginning, been unavoidable. On that
subject he had fully expressed his own convic-
tions on a former occasion, and he should not now
again go over the ground. Nor was it now in
place. The question as to the commencement of
the war was now settled, and our present duty
was to look to its termination; and Mr. S. hoped
that the principal action of the present Congress j
would be directed to that end. He should not give j
his views at length upon the subject, but he would j
say thus much : he agreed in the opinion expressed j
by a distinguished Senator, that the tendency of
things was to the subjugation of the whole of
Mexico. He believed it to be unavoidable, and he
thought it desirable. At all events, come it would,
sooner or later. The subjugation of the entire coun-
try would require seventy thousand troops. The
Piesident had asked for that number, and Mr. S.
hoped the House would grant them—not to con-
quer Mexico: no; if she should ofler proper terms
of peace to-monow, he held that we weie bound
to accept them. But he confessed he had no idea
that they would have a Government willing to do
this; and, unless they did it, and that shortly,
neither they nor we could prevent the accomplish-
ment of what he believed to be the great design of
Providence in this whole movement. He appre-
hended none of those dangers which some gentle-
men saw to our own liberties. He, for one, was
in favor of pushing on the war, and giving the
President every dollar he asked for. He did not
feat such difficulties as some foresaw in tarrying
out the war to its results. Meanwhile, it was the
duty of Congress to provide for the payment of
the interest on the public debt. He was prepared
to vote for that object. But, while he was ready
to tax tea and coifee for this end, he would not
consent to do this even for what he deemed neces-
sary and constitutional works of internal improve-
ment. He hoped the House would not endeavor
by measures of this kind to embarrass the treas-
ury; but if they should, Mr. S. trusted he should
be found where the honor of his country demand-
ed. If we should find no Government in Mexico
with which to treat, we must then hold on to what
we had conquered, and subject the population to
rightful authority—to civilized laws, and the prin-
ciples of humanity. We must restrain them from
mischief, as we would serve a thief by placing him
in the penitentiary. Should we now withdraw
our troops, we should subject ourselves, and the
Mexicans too, to all the cost and misery of a le-
newal of the war, and all must be done over
again.
Mr. S. was for going on with the war, and not
stopping till we reached results. He had no fear
of the consequences. But if Mexico would consent
to do us justice to-morrow, none would be more
ready than he to accept any reasonable proposals.
But he never could consent to leave the Mexican
people in their presentcondition. They themselves
did not desire it. He believed they would m their
souls regret the hour when our troops should be
withdrawn. The only result would be a renewal
of the war, with added miseries, and it must end
at last in the absorption of the whole of Mexico.
But Mr. S. did not mean to enter on this subject
now. Hie believed the war to be right, and was
ready and prepared to give the Executive all the
necessary means to carry it on with vigor.
Mr. STEWART obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion by Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware,that
the committee rise; which motion prevailing, the
committee rose.
USE OF THE HALL.
Mr. J. Gt. ADAMS asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution granting
the use. of the Hall of the House to the Coloniza-
tion Society, for the occasion of its anniversary, on
the evening of the 18th inst.
Objection being made,
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was agreed to.
CLERKS IN THE PENSION OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, the rules were sus-
pended, to enable him to report, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, a joint resolution autho-
rizing the Commissioner of Pensions to employ
additional clerks, temporarily, in the Pension Of-
fice; which was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. COCKE, for the purpose of obtaining in-
stant action upon the joint resolution, moved a
reconsideration of the vote by which the joint res-
olution was committed; which motion was not
agreed to, on a division—ayes 48, noes 70.
Mr. T. B. KING, (by unanimous consent,)
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, asked that
said committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the case of Thomas M. Newell, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 10, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, made agree-
ably to law, accompanied by a statement of the
expenses of the national armories, together with
an account of the arms made and repaired therein
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, made
in compliance with the eleventh section of the act
of the 26th of August, 1842, showing the persons
employed in the office of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate during the year 1847, and the amount paid to
each.
i PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES.
j The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from James A. Houston, in relation
! to tlie publication of the reported proceedings and
, debates of the Senate; which was read, and refer-
| red to the select committee on the subject.
! PETITIONS.
! Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial of the
representatives of the religious Society of Friends
for the States of New York, Vermont, Michigan,
and other places adjacent, praying the adoption of
peaceful measures for terminating the war with
Mexico. #
Mr. CLAYTON moved that the memorial be
read and printed.
The memorial having been read, the question
was stated to be upon the motion to print.
Miu ATHERTON. I believe, sir, that, under
the rule, the memorial goes to the Committee on
Printing. If not, I move that it be so referred.
Mr. CLAYTON asked for the reading of the
rule.
| It was read by the Secretary.
| Mr. CLAYTON. I perceive that it must go to
i the committee, under the rule.
j The motion to ptint was accordingly referred to
! the Committee on Printing.
f Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of
Charles Fmdlay, representative of P. Choteau, jr.,
praying payment of certain moneys due him under
the treaty of August 8, 1831, between the United
States and the Shawnee Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial of pilots
of the bar and harbor of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, praying the repeal of the act of March 2,
1837, concerning pilots; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed. , , . . „ . .
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of citizens
