136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10 j
of Washtenaw county, Michigan, praying the re-
peal of all Jaws of Congress which in anywise
sanction the existence of slavery in the United
States; the motion to receive winch was laid upon
the table.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of citizens
of the county of Washtenaw, Michigan, praying
the adoption of measures to prevent the acquisition
of additional territory, unless on condition that
slavery be prohibited therein; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FELCH prasemed the memorial of Catha-
rine Hoffman, widow of Lieutenant Colonel Wil-
liam Hoffman, deceased, late of the army of the
United States, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial of the
Governor, members of the Legislature, and other
citizens of the Slate of Florida, praying that com-
pensation may be made to Tony Proctor, a fiee
colored man, for services as an interpreter to the
Seminole Indians in 1&23 and 1824; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Afiaus.
Mr. WESTCOTT said: I ask to be indulged in
one or two remarks in relation to this petition at this
time. It is not signed by the individual for whom
relief is asked. The application is in behalf of an
old free negro who, for seventy years past, has
been the faithful interpreter for the Spanish Gov-
ernment and that of the United States with the
Seminoles; and the petition is signed by the Ex-
ecutive and Legislative authorities of the State of
Florida. Tony Proctor, the interpreter, was long
in pay of the United States, but, for some cause,
sixteen months' pay has been withheld from him.
He is now upwards of one hundred years old. I
hope my friend the Senator from Missouri, chair-
man of the Indian Committee, [Mr. Atchisox,1
will notice this fact, and he will see that if the re-
lief asked is not granted forthwith, it will probably
come too late. I hope the delay, too usual m Con-
gress, will not be allowed in this case.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of Mary
Brognard, widow of John Brognard, a non-com-
missioned officer attached to the aihed French
corps in the revolutionary jvar, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition Aaron
Carman, praying that letters-patent may issue to
him for an improvement invented by him in the
construction of the plough; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
Rlr. BREESE presented the petition of John
H. Kinzie and others, assignees of certain Potta-
watomie Indians, praying the relinquishment of
the reversionary interest of the United States in
the lands purchased by tnem; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of Richaid G. Dove; which,
with his petition on the files of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Archi-
bald Williams and Charles Griffin, praying com-
pensation for supplies furnished the Florida mili-
tia in the Seminole war; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. MASON, presented the petition of Leroy
Hammond, praying compensation for the use of
hjs wagon and team in tlie military service of the
United States during the last war with Great Brit-
ain ; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of John H.
"Williams, praying to be allowed the bounty
granted by the act of 1833, on his reenhstment in
the marine corps; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr, MASON submitted a document relating to
the claim of John H. Williams, fur pay due him
as a private in the marine corps; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Abel
Gray, a sergeant in the marine corps, prayin°-
compensation for extra duty performed by hinf;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Air. MASON presented the petition of John H.
Williams, piaying compensation for services as
schoolmaster on board the United States ships
Java and Del.iwarc: which was referred to the
Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr, BUTLER presented an abstract of the re-
port of a committee oi the Chamber of Commerce
of Charleston, South Carolina, recommending the
establishment of a branch mint at that place.
Referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of D. C.
Buei), praying compensation for a horse lost in
the military service of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Mary
Connelly, widow of a deceased revolutionary
soldier, praying a renewal of her pension; which
was refeired to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Patrick Walker, praying an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petuion of the
Philadelphia Female Anti-Slavei y Society, pray-
ing the adoption of some plan for the immediate
! peaceful dissolution of the Union; the motion to
receive which was laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of John
Stanert, a soldier in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, praying arrears of pension; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BADGER presented a memorial of mer-
chants and others, and a memoiial of masters of
vessels and others, engaged in the navigation and
commerec of the port of Wilmington, North Caro-
I lina; also, a memorial of pilots on the Cape Fear
nver and bars, severally praying the establishment
of additional lights and buoys in the Cape Fear
river; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ATHFRTON",
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the docu-
ments on the files of the Senate relating to the claims of the
State of New Hampshire against the United States.
On motion by Mr. MANGXJM,
Ordeied, That the petition of Michael Hanson, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That tlie petition of Thomas H. Noble, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee ot Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY,
Oidered, That the petition of William I)avi«, on the files
of the Senate, be leterred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY,
Orderei, Tnat the petition of Euenezer Whitten,on the
file> of tlie Senate, be releried to the Committee on Naval
Affair*.
On motion by Mr. COR WIN,
Ot deied. Ill,it John P. Converse have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. FELCH gave notice, that on to-morrow, or
at some early day, he would ask leave of the Sen-
ate to introduce a bill to apply certain alternate
sections of the public domain towards the comple-
tion of works of internal improvement in the State
of Michigan, and for other purposes.
Mr. RUSK gave notice that on to-morrow, or
at an early day, he would ask leave of the Senate
to introduce a bill to establish an additional district
court in Texas.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave noticc that on to-morrow,
or at an early day, he would ask leave of the Sen-
ate to introduce a hill to establish the Territory of
Minesota.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following
resolutions for consideration:
Re'oked, That no tieoty of peace can be made with
Mexico, having a proper tegard tot the best interests of the
United States, which does not establL-h as a boundary be-
tween trie two nations the most suitable line for military
defcrice.
Resolved, That in no contingency can the United States
consent to the establishment ot monarchical eoveminent
within the hnwts oi Mexico bv the mteivcnuoirof any Eu-
ropean Pow*r.
Res-Aved, That it may become neccs*nrv and proper, as it
is within the constitutional capacity of thiC tr >verni)ient, for
the C mted btates to hold Meuco as a territorial appendage
The resolutions having been read—
^ Mr. HANNEGAN said: I ask that the resolu-
tions he printed and as it would not be strictly in
order, 1 shall retrain from saying anything in rela-
tion to them at present. 1 ask that they he made
the order of the day for this day two weeks, inas-
much as by that time the bills will have been dis-
posed of which are now before the Senate. I will
only add, thatrthe resolutions are not entirely ab-
stractions. They propose something deiinite and
pointed.
It was then ordered that the resolutions be print-
ed for the use of the Senate, and that they be made
the special order for this day two weeks. !
CHANGES OF REFERENCE.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY,
Ordered, Tna1-tue Committee on Public Lands be rfie-
| ohaigcd from the furtiier consideration of the petition of
h M.utm Fuiwick; and that it be reierrtd to the Committee
j! on PiiYate Land Claims.
!{ On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
jj Oidered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
!( from the further oon.-ideiation of the memorial of Anna J.
•i Hnssler; and that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
!! Affairs.
jj On motion by Mr. RUSK,
,t O'dered, Tnat the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further cons-ideiation of the petition of
■ j ChaiJes M- Gibson, and from the further consolidation of
the memoiial of A. H. Cole, of FJonda; and that thej be
1 seveially releried to the Committee ot (Jiaims.
BILLS INTRODL C&D.
I Agreeably to notice, Mr. JOHNSON', of Lou-
isiana, asked and obtained leave to bnng in a bill
,! for the issuing of patents in a certain class of cases,
■ and for other purposes; which was read the first
H and second times by unanimous consent, and re-
|| ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
i: Agreeably to notice, Mr. BRIGHT asked and
|j obtained leave to bring in a bill authorizing the
'i Secretary of War to surrender certain bonds of the
| State of Indiana, held by the United States, to the
agent of the State forsaid State of Indiana; which
■; was read the first and second times by unanimous
: consent, and referred to the Committee on Ft-
, nance.
! TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
: Mr. HANNEGAN said, several days ago I
i gave notice that I would ask leave to introduce a
'i bill to establish a territorial government in Oregon.
J Upon reflection, I thought it proper and just to my
; friend, the Senator from Illinois, that he should
have charge of the bill; and I havegiven it to him,
■ and I believe he is now prepared to present it.
!| Mr. DOUGLAS then asked and obtained leave
|| to bring in a bill to establish the Territorial Gov-
ernment of Oregon: which was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent, and referred
l! to the Committee on Territories.
|| REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
|' Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
|! Lands, to whom was referred the bill to establish
i| a permanent preemption system in favor of actual
I. settlers on the public lands, reported it without
j| amendment.
!| Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
! mittee on Land Claims, to whom had been lefer-
red the petition of Nathaniel Hoggatt, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
,, Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
|| mittee on Pensions, to whom had been refeired so
jj much of the President's message as relates to the
'! subject, reported a bill amending the act entitled
I, "An act granting half-pay to widows or orphans
'j where their husbands and fathers have died of
;! wounds received in the military service of the Uni-
j! ted States, in cases of deceased officers and soldieis
| of the militia and volunteers," passed July 4, 1836;
jj which was read and passed to the second reading.
|< Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
[ Claims, to whom had been referred the petition of
Maria L. Nourse, reported a bill to authorize the
|| settlement of the account of Joseph Nourse, de-
| ceased; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
• j Mr. U. submitted a report on the subject, which
'' was ordered to be printed.
: Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom had been referred the petition or
Edward Bolon, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief.
The hill was read and passed to the second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Cnmrmitee of
Claims, to whom had been referred the documents
relating to the claim of Loomis and Gay, lenorted
a bill 111 addition to an act for the relief of Walter
Loornis and Abel Gay, appioved July 2, 1836;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. B. also submitted a report on the subject,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom hud been referred the petition of
Joseph Watson, submitted an adverse repoit;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
, Lands, to whom had been referred a resolution re-
' lating to errors and defective returns in certain
