138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
people, and that until (hen, the country wilI be de- j
prived of many a blessing which the Constitution 1
was intended to bestow. But, sir, new questions
have arisen, and are now agitating the nation. We
are at war; and upon one of the questions growing;
out of it, I find myself differing, perhaps, witB
most of the Senators on this side of the Chamber—
not 1 hope with all—with whom it is my pride and
pleasure generally to agree. I need not say, Mr.
President, to you or to them, that this difference
exists, if it does exist, because I am unable from a
sense of duty to have it otherwise. Party ties, j
party prepossessions, party associations, strong as I
they ever are and should be, can never be suffi- !
ciently strong to make an honorable man violate j
what he feels to be his duty to his country* And
when in that duty is involved his country's repu- I
tation, they should be and are weaker than the i
spider's web. |
Nor upon this occasion do I feel any other con- ]
cern than that which the mere fact of difference <
creates, because I know so well the Senators who i
are around me, that whatever regret they may fee! j
that our opinions are not upon all points identical, i
1 should cease to have (what I am sure I now !
have) their respect and esteem, if I surrendered ,
my own judgment, and paltered with my own con- j
science upon a measure vital in that judgment to j
the true fame of our common country. We differ,
sir, but we differ as friends. We differ, sir, but
we differ as patriots. We have alike the true
honor of the country at heart; we are only not
agreed, perhaps, as to what that true honor de-
mands.
Sir, he libels them, and libels me who doubts our
high and patriotic purposes. He violates the de-
corum of private life and the decencies of official
relation, where it exists, who intimates that we
are capable, under any state of things, or for any
purposes, of taking sides with the enemies of our
country. We aim alike at her honor; we dis-
agree, if we do disagree, as to the true mode of
vindicating and maintaining it. Mr. President,
all of the good and liberal of my countrymen will,
I have no doubt, when they shall have seen what
I am about to say, do me the justice to believe
that my motives are pure and patriotic. There
may be, and perhaps are, mere followers of the
party camp, whose hope it is to feed on the spoils
of the contest, who may profess to doubt it; but
none such do 1 drop a syiialie to satisfy. Bred m
the corruption of the motto of the political fiee-
booter, that the spoils belong to the victor—fight-
ing not for principle, but for plunder—they are as
feculent as their motto, and beneath the notice of
honest men : only, indeed, to be shunned as you
-would shun any loathsome toad that might be in
your pathway.
Is the war just and honorable, oi^not?
I think it is, and I hope, for the good name of
mv country, that such will be the judgment of
Christendom. Sir, 1 wish to be clearly understood.
I am not inquiring1 into the conduct of the Execu-
tive, into its prudence or its constitutionality. My
single proposition now is, that as between the
United States and Mexico, the former had just
cause of war on the 15th May, 1846, when the
war act* of that date was passed, and that on that
day war in fact existed by means of the unjust
anil illegal act of Mexico. Sir, I repeat before
going further, that 1 sincerely trust, as I love the
fair fame of my countrymen, that I may be able
to make this plain. Sir, I should bow in deepand
heartfelt mortification for that fame if I did not be-
lieve if to be plain. I would not have it even to
b? involved in the slightest obscurity or doubt,
from the dread of the judgment which the civilized
world would then be compelled to pass upon us.
We h\e in an age when nations, as individuals,
lose their power and usefulness, and sink into deg-
radation, if they perpetrate acts of wrong and in-
justice. We are, thank God, surrounded by a
moral atmosphere as necessary to healthful na-
tional existence as the atmosphere we breathe is
necessary to individual life. If we discard it, if
we sink below it, if w e substitute for it that which
is inseparable from violence and injustice, the pun-
ishment is nt hand. The decay begins and pro-
gresses, until ue are involved in hopeless ruin.
.National ehmacier is national power: and the
purer, the more elevated, the more spotless that
character, the greater the power. I trust, there-
fore, m God, that I am right in the opinion that
this war is upon our part just and honorable. If
not—if not clearly just and honorable—then will
I we be pronounced by the judgment of the world
| a band of murderers. No other sentence can
j then be passed upon us. If we are right, we are i
! worthy descendants of sires who knew no moral 1
blemish, who estimated the national honor above ,
| all price. If we are wrong, we have disgraced |
■ the inheritance of freedom they have left us, 1
! brought dishonor upon our land, and aimed a I
j fatal blow at constitutional freedom itself. '
I If I speak strongly, it is because I feel strongly. ;
| I wish to give offence to none : I take no offence
; if others hold a different opinion. I am here to '
; justify my own before the Senate and the country, t
; and 1 mean to do it with the freedom that belongs
J to each of us.
; I have an instinctive repugnance to believe my
i country wrong in any war in which she can en- ;
; gage; and I lejoice that in this instance my feel- |
i ings and my judgment are one. I now proceed |
; with the attempt to maintain that judgment. I ;
; have not time, sir, nor health, to state all the facts j
; which our difficulties with Mexico have developed ;
applicable to this question; nor, if I had, should '
I deem it necessary to trespass so much upon the ;
time of this body. -My purpose is to refer only |
to such as I am sure cannot be successfully de- ;
niedj and which are of themselves, in my judg-
ment, conclusive of the controversy. ;
In 1834, the Mexican Congress passed a decree '
requiring all citizens to surrender to the Govern ;
ment their arms. The Legislature of Coahuila j
and Texas, by decree, remonstiated against it and j
other acts repealing the constitution of Mexico of :
1824, by which they had changed the Government '
from a Federal to a Central one.
For this, General Cos, under the order of Santa
Anna, at the head of his army, broke up the Le-
gislature of Coahuila and Texas, and arrested all
the officers of the Government, marched over the
Rio Giande, and established his headquarters at
San Antonio, leaving a garrison at Lipautitlan, on
the Nueces, and one at Goliad. The Texans then
commenced the revolution, retook Goliad, Lipau-
titlan, and San Antonio, in 1836.
The boundaries of Coahuila and Texas, as these
departments were laid off into one State by the
constitution of 1824, was the Nueces, running for
upwards of one hundred miles up that stream, and
then by a line across from that point to the Rio
Grande. The territory below* that line, between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, was a part of the
State of Tamaulipas. Tamaulipas granted it to
\anous individuals, by what were called colony-
grants, under which many settlements were made.
These colonists, or the greater portion of them so
j entitled to this portion of the territory, joined in
' the Texas revolution, and were represented in the
convention of Texas which subsequently declared
the independence of that Republic. The day after
the battle of San Jacinto, 31st April, 1836, Santa
Anna surrendered as a prisoner. In about six
weeks afterwards, he entered into a treaty with the
•Government of Texas, acknowledging the Rio
Grande as their southwestern boundary, upon
condition that General Filisola, (then at the head
of five thousand troops, being all that were left to
the Centralists to maintain their power,) should be
permitted to retire west of the river, and that he
j himself should be released. These conditions
1 were complied with; Filisola being permitted to
retire with all his force to the west of the river,
; and Santa Anna, in October afterwards, released.
1 The treaty contained also various stipulations
; about the release of prisoners and the surrender of
! property. General Rusk, then at the head of the
, Texan forces, and under the order of the Texan
, Government, transmitted a copy of the treaty to
: General Filisola, who recognized it, and at once
j complied with all the obligations it imposed upon
; him.
: In 1836,18th December, the Texian Congress
; passed a law describing the Rio Grande as their
\ southwestern boundary. After this, Filisola was
i superseded in command by the appointment of
| General Urea, who immediately commenced rais-
ing an army to re-invade Texas. General Rusk,
who was still at the head of the army of Texas,
and stationed at the Gaudaloupe, ordered the fami-
i lies between that post and the Rio Grande to retire
J to his rear, or 10 remove to the western bank of
i the river. The most of them did retire to his rear,
j but many of the Mexicans elected to cross the
■ river and settle on the opposite side. For the pur-
| pose of facilitating the removal of those occupying
; the country and of watching the movements of the
1 Mexican army, and preparatory to an advance
| upon Matamoros, he despatched General Felix
i Huston with a sufficient force to take possession
' of Corpus Christi, and that was done. General
I Huston exercised more authority between the
j Nueces and the Rio Grande than Urea did, who
I was stationed at Matamoros, with a force of about
, ten thousand men. At one period, Urea crossed
| the river with the greater part of his command,
! and encamped a few miles east of the river; but in
i a very short period he recrossed to the western
side. In this condition things remained until 1843,
the Mexicans having no army to the east of the
river, and the Texans having a few troops at Cor-
pus Christ! and San Antonio. With these troops,
however, the Texans frequently made excursions
to Lacido, a place upon the Rio Grande, and sev-
eral times crossed it. The Mexican troops made
two incursions, ^crossing the river both times,
coming as far as San Antonio, and upon each
; occasion were immediately driven back to the west
■' bank. In '43, also, an armistice was agreed upon,
under which the Mexican army was to remain r>n
the west and the Texans on the east side of the
\ river. This armistice was in the same year re-
■| voked, and the war declared to be renewed. The
proclamation of General Woll, who was then in
command of the Mexican force, issued by direc-
tion of Santa Anna, declared that all Mexicans
] found within three leagues of the river, would he
|i considered as favoring the usurpers of that terri-
: lory," (meaning by the territory, the whole of
It Texas,) be tried by court-martial, and capitally
; punished. There were, during this period, at a
' post called Lacido, on the east side of the river,
:! some citizens under a military organization, and
organized simply with a view of defence against
the Indians, mustered only upon such occasions,
but claiming to be citizens when Hays or McCul-
: lough was therewith the Texian rangers. From
, the commencement of the revolution in '34 to the
j independence declared by Texas in '36—from that
!' period to the admission of Texas into our Union
j in '45—and from '45 up to the present hour, no
' Mexican document can be found, military or civil
—no Mexican officer, military or civil, has ever
been known to contend that the territory lying be-
: tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande belonged to
Mexico by any other title than that which she
1 maintained to the whole territory between the Sa-
bine and the Rio Grande. Under the colony-con-
, tracts granted by Tamaulipas, the settlers, at an
i election in Texas, in '41 or '42, of members of
j! Congress, voted at Corpus Christi, claiming to be
|' citizens of Texas, and their votes were received
i! and recognized by the Government. The evidences
!t to the title, too, to the lands so settled upon, in-
: eluding all transfers, from the time of the re\olu-
i' lion of '34 to the present time, are recorded amongst
the land recoids of Texas. On the 1st of March,
'45, the alternative resolutions for the admission of
;j Texas into the Union were passed. On the 29th
| of December, '45, Texas was admitted, and on the
!> same day an act was passed to extend the laws of
!; the United States over the Stateof Texas. On th6
|- 31st December, '45, Texas was constituted a rev-
i, enue district, and the city of Galveston, the only
!' port of entry, having annexed to it, amongst other
• ports, as ports of delivery, the port of Corpus
j Chrtsti, a port on the west side of the Nueces.
Under that act, a revenue officer of the United States
1 has been appointed for Corpus Christi. On the
j' 2d February, '47, Congress, by an act establishing
additional post-roads in the State of Texas, estab-
lished, amongst others, one from Brazos Santiago
via Point Isabel to Fort Brown, opposite Mttfamo-
!' ros, and one from Corpus Christi to Brazos Santi-
; ago, a point south of Point Isabel, near the mouth
• of the Rio Grande.
Now, as before stated, Texas was annexed
; under the first of the alternative resolutions of the
1st March, 1845.
s, [The first lesolution provides. That Congress
; doth consent that the territory properly included
within, and rightfully belonging to, the Republic
of Texas, may he erected into a new State, to be
called the State of Texas, with a republican form
of government, to be adopted by the people of said
republic, by deputies in contention assembled,
with the consent of the existing Government, in
;, order that the same may be admitted as one of the
! States of this Union.
