140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
told. What else have we done ? We have seized
upon it as a pretext for other, and, if possible, yet
deeper enormities. We have published to the
world a falsehood. We have endeavored to con-
ceal the true character of our outrage. We have
stated that the contest was of their own seeking,
not ours; and upon this degrading perversion, have
pursued them with still more frightful outrage.
We at once called into the field 50,000 soldiers—
placed the whole naval power of the Government
at the disposition of the Executive—intrusted him
with ten millions of dollars, and carried on the war
thus begun—took possession of their towns, bom-
barded Monterey—carried it almo&t by storm,
slaughtering men and women by hundreds and
thousands. Still the story is not told. The dam-
ning dishonor is not yet as dark as the truth. An-
other Congress assembled—we of the Senate com-
posing it in part. We authorized additional troops
to be raised—we placed additional funds in the
Ixands of the President.
We hear of an intention to strike outraged Mex-
ico in yet more vital points. We do not arrest it
—we suffer the expedition to go on. Before the
Mexican blood is yet dry upon the fields of Palo i
Alto, Resaca de la Pahna, Monterey, and Buena i
Vista, Vera Cruz is bombarded. Her churches ;
fall under the dreadful aim of the mortar; the blood !
of her women and children runs in streams through I
her before peaceful and happy streets; her almost i
every thoroughfare is obstructed by the mangled j
bodies of her slaughtered citizens, until at last her !
valor can hold out no longer before the mighty and I
crushing power of our arms. She surrenders.
Yet still our vengeance is not glutted. Innocent, t
unoffending, outraged Mexico lias yet more cities \
to be laid waste or conquered—more hearts to be !
wrung—more gallant blood to be shed—more
women and children to be slaughtered—more agony
in every form to suffer. We have not yet had
our fill of blood. We march on in fiendish pro-
gress. At Cerro Gordo, Cherubusco, Chapultepec,
Molinodel Rey, our marchofslaughter is renewed,
and goes on with yet more fearful violence. Mexi-
can blood moistens every plain. The cries of Mex-
ican agony startle every ear, and still the work
eoes on. We lay siege to the city of Mexico
itself; bombard its peaceful dwellings; make her
streets to run with human blood; and slaughter
again women and childien, until resistance becomes
unavailing. We get possession of the capital, and
yet carry on the contest. Sir, can our country
have done such deeds? Is she so deeply steeped
in crime r Has she no honor left? Are we Chris-
tian and civilized men, or are we robbers and mur-
derers? I hope she will pardon me the inquiry;
and yet if the war was unjust, if it was not pro-
voked, if it was our act and not the act of Mex-
ico, every human heart, animated by a single hu-
man feeling, can but answer in the affirmative.
But no, sir; no, sir; it is not so. She is high-
minded, just, and honorable. She is civilized, not
savage. Her citizens are moral and Christian.
Those scenes are in the eye of God and man to
be justified, because necessary to our honor, and
forced upon us in vindication of our violated rights.
Mexico is answerable for all these sad and sicken-
ing results. The war is just, because she com-
menced it. It does exist by her act; and, so help
me God, but for that conviction, as I reverence
truth and detest falsehood, 1 would never have
voted for the act of the 15th May, 1846.
Without concluding, Mr. JOHNSON gave way
to a motion to adjourn ; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 11,1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and i
approved— f
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit- i
tees for iepoi ts.
Mr. LIGON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported bills for the relief of Jacob Gideon; for
the relief of Bent, St. Vrum & Co.; and for the !
relief of J. Throckmorton; which several bills
were read and committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported bills for the relief
of John Anderson, of Missouri; fur the relief of
Joseph C. Doxey; for the relief of S. Morris
Wahi; and for the relief of Aloorne Allen; which
several bills were read and commuted.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of John O.
Dickey, Rosweli Fitch, and GeorgeReeder; which
were laid upon the table.
Mr, ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
cause to be piepared an alphabetical !i«t of private claims
which have been before the House of Representatives from
the commencement ot the fourteenth Congress to the close
of the twenty-ninth Coni're^s, with the proceedings of the
House of Representatives and the Senate thereon; showing
the names of the claimants; the natuie or object of each
eiaun; at what session and m what manner it was brought
before the House; to what committee it was referred; the
nature of the repoit. and the number of the repoit, if print-
ed, and, if not, the dat.' of the report; the number ot the
bill, distinguishing between Senate and House bills; the
manner in u bids the claim was dis-poaed of bv the House;
and in eases where it passed both House?, the date of the
act of Congress; the whole to be compiled from the jour-
nals of the House of Representatives, and by reference,
when necessary, to the journals ot the Senate, the reports
of committees, the bills of the two Houses, and the laws of
the United Slates; and that the Clerk be authorized to em-
ploy a suitable person, with a compensation not exceeding
the sum paid the engrossing clerk- of this House, to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to lay the resolution on
the table, but withdrew it at the request of the
mover.
Mr. ROCKWELL, m advocating the passage
of the resolution, said this work would be prepared
with great lcibor, and would be found exceedingly
valuable. Every one must be aware of the fact
that a great variety of tricks and frauds were every
year resorted to by persons interested in private
claims, and the object of this resolution was to fur-
nish a safeguard by the publication of the document
to which the resolution referred. It was well known
that, after adverse reports had been made on pri-
vate claims, the friends of the claims caused them
to be withdrawn from the files of the House, and
after the lapse of a few years they were again re-
vived and attempts were made to smuggle them
through the House in ignorance of any previous
action upon them. In this way he had no doubt
that yeai ly thousands and tens of thousands were
drawn improperly ftoin the treasury. The publi-
cation, therefore, of an alphabetical list of all the
claims which have been before Congress, a abate-
ment of the action had thereon, the year, the name
of the committee making the report, the number of
the report, and other particulars, would save much
trouble to the House and its committees and large
sums to the Government at an inconsiderable
cost.
Mr. FICKLIN had withdrawn his motion to
lay on the table with the view of giving the honor-
able member who reported the resolution an op-
portunity to make an explanation of its object. It
was doubtless of some importance to have such a
work, but he apprehended the present resolution
embraced claims extending over too great a space
of time. It seemed the gentleman desired to em-
brace claims which had come here year after year,
and Congress after Congress, from the 14th Con-
gress to the present time, which he very much
feared would make the work too voluminous. It
would embrace too many things, and he begged to
suggest to the honorable mover that it would make
a voiume so large as to be useless for the purposes
designed, inasmuch as it would be too large for
convenieutinvestigation by membersof this House.
Again, he should move, before taking his seat, to
strike out so much of the resolution as applies to
employing a clerk for the purpose contemplated.
One clerk could not compile the information and
piesenf it to this House during the present session
of Congress; whereas, during the recess, the Clerk
of the House, with the force he. had, could compile
it, and present it at the next session. It was sug-
gested to hirn that the Committee of Claims had a
cleik of its own, who had nothing to do during the
recess, who might be employed jft this business.
Mr. HENLEY asked the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow him to make an explanation. He
had just been informed, from correct authority,
thafa gentleman employed in the Congressional
Library had been for two years engaged on a work
such as was here contemplated, which he had
nearly completed. Some means should therefore
be taken to ascertain the merits of that work. He
would suggest that this lesolution should be laid
on the table, or recommitted to the committee,
with instructions to inquire into the state of for-
wardness and merits of the work to which he had
referred.,
Mr. FICKLIN said the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana was an additional reason why
action should not be pressed upon the resolution
at this time. If the Librarian of Congress had
such a work in preparation, it would be unneces-
sary to compile a work which was already pre-
pared. He would, however, now move to strike
out that part of the resolution which provides for
the employment of a clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, suggested that
the resolution should be laid upoij the table. He
was by no means inclined to believe that the case
was so strong as presented by the gentleman from
Connecticut. Such gross violations of propriety
as the withdrawal of adverse testimony must be
very extraordinary cases indeed; though he ad-
mitted that it was not an unusual circumstance for
the House to give permission to withdraw papers
from the files of the House. The gentleman from
Connecticut, however, would find the «adveise as
well as the favorable reports in the Library of Con-
gress, to which reference could be had whenever
necessary and desirable. What benefit, then,
could be derived from the publication of so volu-
minous a work as that contemplated by the hon-
orable gentleman's resolution? He hoped it would
be laid on the table for the present, that they
might have an opportunity to make inquiries on
the subject.
Mr. POLLOCK said he entertained no doubt of
the merit of the resolution. Any man who had
served upon the Committee of Claims must be
aware that theje were hundreds of cases in which,
if there had been an adverse report, it could never
come to the knowledge of the committee. Many
cases had occurred where a claim had been allow-
ed, and the money drawn from the treasury, and
some years after that very same claim was renew-
ed, and possibly with success. Mr. P. himself
knew one case where this happened twenty-five
years after the claim had been paid; and it would
have been allowed a second time, had not, by a
mere accident, a receipt in full been discovered in
the Treasury Department. But, as it had been
stated that a similar work was in preparation, Mr.
P. would move to recommit the resolution, with
instructions to ascertain whether such a work was
preparing by one of the clerks of the House. The
necessity for some such digest must be evident to
all. He had not a doubt its effect would be to save
to the Government thousands of dollars every year.
Mr. GIDDINGS expressed his hope that the
resolution would pass. Its necessity was fully ap-
parent to his mind. He adverted to the case of a
claim brought before the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, accompanied by ample and most satisfactory
documents. Mr. G. examined them, and could
find no deficiency. Yet still he had a vague im-
pression that the claim had at some time been ex-
amined, and had not till this very morning discov-
ered that the whole matter had undergone a most
thorough examination, and $10,000 been allowed
and paid. This would be four or five times the
cost of making the proposed index. Asthething
stood, a claim might be brought in which had
once been referred to some other committee; but,
being unaccompanied with any bill or report, there
was no clue to discover the fact. The work pro-
posed would show at a glance every claim which
had ever been referred to any committees of the
House, to what committee it had gone, and when
and where and what was the result.
Mr. G. referred to another very striking case,
| which occurred about ten years since. Mr. G.
[ was on the Committee of Claims, and examined a
certain claim icferrcd to that committee. The ac-
companying testimony was full and conclusive;
yet he was not wholly without a suspicion that all
was not right. Yet, on examining and reexamin-
ing the proof, he found there was no escape, and he
i accordingly reported a bill allowing the chum. But
| while the bill was actually on its passage, a mes-
j senger came to him from the claimant, who was
| on his death-bed, saying that the whole claim was
fraudulent, and without a shadow of foundation,
| and begging that it might be immediately with-
I drawn. The man's conscience was in agony in
i view of a corning world, and would not let him die
i without this act ofju&ticc. It turned out that the
claim had once been disallowed, but the whole tes-
; timony had been withdrawn, and a new set of
ij papeis substituted in their place. He mentioned
this case as an illustration of the need there waa
I' for the work proposed.
