1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
Mr. STANTON moved to lay tlie resolution on '
the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL said, if that motion were
persisted in, he should demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON thereupon withdrew it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, did not mean
to oppose the resolution, but wished its consider-
ation deferred a little. To refuse it on account of
the expense would be penny wise and pound fool-
ish. But he would like to have some estimate of
the extent and cost of the work. Would it be
comprised in one volume, or extend to three or
more? All the reports made on petitions and
claims were printed, and were to be found in the
library of th* House. It would be a useless ex-
pense to republish them. All that was needed was
to have the substance in a very condensed form.
He presumed every gentleman or committee to
whom a claim was referred, would, as a matter of
course, resort to the library, and examine what had
been reported on it before.
Mr. ROCKWELL explained. His resolution
•was a mere transcript of a similar one which l^ad
passed in the Senate. All that was required was
an alphabetical index of the names of the claim-
ants, the nature of the claim in few words, to what
com mi Wee it had gone, and what had been done in
regard to it. It was to extend to all the commit-
tees in the House, and not to be confined to the
Committee of Claims. As to a personal examina-
tion of all the previous reports as they lay scattered
through a thousand volumes of reports in the
House Library, it could not be done. The thing
was out of the question. If that must be the course
on each claim, a member need not have more than
one claim referred to him in a session. -All his
intervals of time would be little enough to examine
that one claim.
Mr. THOMPSON said, if it was to be nothing
but an index of claims, he should vote for the
resolution.
Mr. FARAN expressed his hope that the reso-
lution would pass. Such a book was greatly need-
ed for the protection of the Government. Claims
rejected were often presented anew with different
testimony, and their former rejection never sus-
pected. This was the more necessary at this Con-
gress, as so large a portion of it were new mem-
bers.
Mr. ROCKWELL opposed the motion to re-
commit as unnecessary. He had no objection to
the recommitment if he could see any good to come
out of it. But he could see no good whatever. No
gentleman could have served in that House for a
single session without becoming convinccd of the
need of some such safeguard as the resolution pro-
posed. It was as much needed here, and more,
than it had been in the Senate, because more claims
were presented here. As to its being done by the
clerk of the Committee of Claims, that officer had
Ins hands full during the whole session, and in the
recess he had us much as he could do in bringing
up the record of the minutes of the committee.
The work should be committed to some competent
person, and should be done by one hand, and not
parcelled out among different clerks.
Mr. R. did not know what might be doing by
the House librarian; but he could not conceive that
he would be likely to furnish such a work as this
resolution proposed. He was probably engaged
on some index of a general character, but which
would serve a diffeient purpose from this. The
book would save thousands upon thousands to the
Government, and would pay its own cost a thou-
sand fold.
Mr. HENLEY had no doubt whatever of
the importance of the document desired, nor
had Mr. H. the least desire to defeat the resolu-
tion. He knew a little of these matters himself.
But he understood that precisely such a book as
that proposed was already m progress by the libra-
rian of the House, and nearly completed. Would
it not be better to recommit the resolution and in-
quire into the facts before employing a person to
do what it was possible had been done already?
The question being on the motion to recommit,
and the ayes being 6*8—
Mr. HENLEY demanded the yeas and nays,
but the House at first refused to order them. They
were ordered, however, on a count by tellers.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Joseph R. Ingersoll in'the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the annual message of the
President of the United States, and the resolutions
offered by Mr. Vinton, referring the same to the
various appropriate committees.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, said, that
when be obtained the floor, it had been with no
design or desire to reply to the remarks of the
gentleman over the way from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand,] in laudation of the President and the
policy of his administration. He had had a very
different object in view. But he felt so strongly
tempted to say a lew words in reply that he could
not wholly refrain, but would occupy only a few
minutes in making a few passing remarks on some
of the positions the gentleman had taken.
The eloquent gentleman from Illinois had pro-
nounced a most splendid and high-wrought eulo-
gium on the President of the United States, it
was a eulogy not on any one of the departed, but
on the living, ruling, reigning President of the day.
Thegentleman informed the members of the House
that ours was " a model President." As for such
Presidents as Washington, and Madison, and Jef-
ferson, they sank into utter insignificance before
the finished perfection of James K. Polk, the
u model President," now living. And the gentle-
' man went on to say that it had been reserved for
this, our model President, to build up the great
Democratic column that was to stand as the bright
and enduring monument of his administration.
Well, sir, inquired JVdr. S.,.and what sort of a col-
umn is it? And how has it been erected? In the
first place, in order to clear a place for it to stand
on, this model President began by tearing down
and utterly demolishing the great Democratic col-
umn which Washington, and Jefferson,and Mad-
ison, and Monioe, had, by theii joint labors, built
up. And when he had got this down, then he set
himself to work to build up a nefr one in its place
—a column of military glory. Built of what ? Why,
sir, of the bones of the best portion of the Amer-
ican people, victims of the climate and of the
sword in a foreign land, and he has cemented it
with their blood. The old Washington and Jef-
ferson column—a column of wisdom and of peace
—had long stood amidst the storms of our politi-
cal atmosphere; and when and how was that erect-
ed? At the foundation lay the great system of
internal improvements, recommended first by
Washington himself, imd sustained as the policy
I of every subsequent Administration—rivers, har-
j bors,and all. (The gentleman quite forgot to tell
us that in knocking down the old column, he had
j utterly demolished the only system by winch his
I own constituents and his own district and State
, ever had, or ever would receive a single dollar
! out of the United Suites treasury; this he enure-
i ly omitted to mention.) The second stone in this
i glorious old Washing Ionian column was the great
\ protective system. This he has laid flat with the
i ground, that he might replace it by a system which
takes off taxes from the labor of foreigneis to im-
pose them on the necks and the strong arms of our
own native laboring population—a system which
must soon come to direct taxation, in order to sus-
tain the extravagance and gratify the ambition
of this our model President. The old Democrat-
ic column of Jefferson and Washington being
thus demolished, how is this new Polk column
t constructed—this magnificent column which has
| called forth to so enthusiastic a degree the admi-
: ration of the honorable gentleman from Illf-
jnois? The first, the foundation stone of this
1 stupendous structure, was the sub-treasury; and
! so worthy was this of its important position
! that in a little while the Administration would not
' have a single dollar to place in its vaults; no, not
| one bit of coin to jingle against another; and Con-
i gress would soon be refreshed by an appeal from
| this model man fc) repeal ihe great sub-treasury
! law. The next stone m this modern Democratic col-
| umn was the present glorious war—a war of which
i thegentleman from Illinois boasted, and which had
i been brought on by the President himself. In that
■ thegentleman was ccrtainly right. The war was
I brought on by the President alone, by his own in-
1 dividual act, without submitting the question of its
j* propriety to Congress, then in session at the other
' end of the avenue. For all that has followed that
i act he is responsible, and he may have the glory
and responsibility together. Next camc a great
and overshadowing navy. And the stone that next
was laid was a tremendous national debt Yes,
that was his Jeffersonian Democracy; that was his.
admiration for Jeffersonian doctrine. Next was
built into this column a vast standing army of
ninety or one hundred thousand men; and to crown
the whole, a system of oppressive taxation to dis-
charge the debt, imposed not on foreigneis, but
upon the labor and domestic industry of the peo-
ple of the United States. Here stood them'agnifi-
cent Democratic column of Mr. Polk's adminis-
tration—a column built up with the skulls'and
bleaching bones of our best citizens, cemented by
their blood ! It is set up for the admiration of
mankind. And the gentleman from Illinois seems
to revel, with his model master, in the contempla-
tion of so sublime a piece of Executive architect-
ure. They seem to revel in delight at the view.
But they have quaffed their cup of glory to its^ery
dregs, its dregs of bitterness and gall. Now let
them swim in the oceans of blood that had been
spilt! Let them sport their pleasure-boat in the
rivers of tears shed by orphan children and their
widowed mothers! They appeared delighted to
look around them; they listened with rapture to
the music of the groans of the dying—of the
cries, of children made fatherless—of the agonized
shrieks and doepairing cries of the widows which'
the sword had made. But, while thus gaily sail-
ing and listening to the music so grateful to their
ears, there was a phantom—a ghost—a horrible
shadow, which rose suddenly to " sear their eye-
balls " in the midst of this joyous revelry. What
was it? The gentleman raised his eyes and looked
across the way to this side of the House, and cried
out to us, in a hollow voice, that seemed to shake
with sudden fear, " Don't get'behind that military
chieftain!" Aye, sir; he saw a shadow dressed
In arms, with nodding plume, and he turned pale'
at the sight. And why were we not to gather be-
hind this "noble old chieftain?" Was it because
he never led his followeis but to victory ? But, sir,
if the mere shadow of that nodding crost so
affrighted the gentleman, how will he sustain him-
self when he beholds the living reality in breath
and being? How will his heart beat when he hears
the rattling of grape and canister? when the roar
of small-arms and great guns falls upon his ears?
What will be the feeling at the White House then ?
Sir, thegentleman and his party, his model Presi-
dent and all, will fly before him as did the Mexi-
cans at Buena Vista.
The gentleman told us another thing. He was
not content with holding up Mr. Polk as the model
President: he said he was the " reflex of popular
opinion." Yes, sir; that was it; " the reflex of
popular opinion." Aye, indeed? Mr. Polk the
reflex of popular opinion in this country ! Why,
sir, I will point the gentleman, on that subject, to
another " reflex" (an humble one, it may be) of
public opinion. Let him cast his eyes on this side
of the House and on that side; at the last session
Mr. Polk's majority in this House was nearly two
to one; but where is the majority now, sir? Here
is a little " reflex" for the gentleman to look on,
and for the President too.
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed to make some
remark in reply; but, owing to his position and
some noise in the Hall, it was wholly lost to the
reporter.
Mr. STEWART resumed. Yes, sir, here is
one "reflex," and there will be another "reflex"
when old Rough and Ready comes. He will drive
the gentleman and his party where they never will
be seen again. I leave this reflex to the gentleman
and his reflections; let him contrast it with the
splendid column which his model President has
built of the bones and blood of armies and navies,
of debt and taxation, piled'up mountain high* for
the admiration of posterity.
But enough of this. I rose for the purpose of
examining a recent report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which has been lauded here and else*
where as " the greatest production of the age;" a.
document which has been printed in German, and
in I don't know how many other languages, and
has been profusely circulated among the people $
and it is working in every direction that effect
for which it was intended by misleading and de-
ceiving the people on the subject of the tariff of
1846. I will here say, in my place, that never
did an official paper emanate from any civilized
Government in the world which contained so many
falsehoods, (1 cannot use any milder teim,) false-
hoods so numerous and so gross. Falsehoods, not
in hundreds-or in thousands misstated, but false-
