1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
on breadstuffs, and let them in to feed Ireland that
was starving. But when that fit of starvation is
relieved, the protection to British agriculture as
well as manufactures is at once restored.
The Secretary asserts that under high tariffs the
export of breadstuff's has always fallen off. The
whole experience of the past, he says, establishes
this general fact; and he wants our farmers to look
at the fact. Now, I aver that for four years under
the highest tariff we ever had—I mean the "bill
of abominations," the tariff of 1828—we exported
to Great Britain (England, Scotland, and Ireland)
n hundred times as much breadstuff's as we did du-
ring four years from 1835 to 1839, under the low
tariff or compromise bill of 1833. Yes, I repeat it;
during four years of the operation of the " bill of
abominations," our exports of breadstuff's (wheat,
flour, corn, and corn meal) were one hundred times
greater to England than during four years under
the compromise bill. Yet the Secretary says the
exports of breadstuff's have uniformly been less
under a high than under a low tariff!
Here Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, called
for the proof of Mr. Stewart's position.
Mr. STEWART. The gentleman shall have it.
I will give it to him. Here it is. I have got it from
official reports, carefully revised by an officer of
this House. Here is the result. He would give
the details in tabular form hereafter; they were
ready, but he had no time to read them now; his
brief hour was fast running away, and with all the
haste he could make he would not be able to get
half through what he wished to say. But he would
furnish the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] with the information he desired; he could
only give him the aggregates.
In four years, from 1835 to 1839, under low
duties, we imported from Great Britain $253,000,-
000 worth of goods, equal to $63,000,000 a year,
and she took from us, during this period of low
duties, $94,629 worth of breadstuffs, equal to
$23,657 per year! Well, now for the high tariff
of 182S, which lasted four years, from 1828 to
1833. During this time, we took from Great
Britain $142,000,000 worth of goods, equal to
$35,000,000 a year; and she took from us, under
this enormously high tariff*, $9,504,241 worth of
our breadstuff's, equal to $9,376,060 per year.
We, under the high tariff, taking about half as
much of her goods, and she taking one hundred
times as much of our breadstuffs. Yet the Secre-
tary and President say that low duties always have
and always will increase the exportation of our
breadstuffs! Yet the Secretary says that if we do
not lake more British goods in pay for our bread-
stuffs, " England will have to pay specie for our
breadstuffs, and not having it to spare, she will
take less or pay less for our cotton."
Yes, let the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Holmes] put these amounts down and dis-
prove them if he can. Let him take it to Mr.
Walker; if he does not, I will send it to him, and
call upon him to vindicate himself from the charge
of having given his official sanction and the weight
of his high station to these gross misstatements,
calculated, if not intended, to deceive the people.
He has stuffed every page almost of his report full
of breadstuff's. But I am mistaken if he will not
be sick of his breadstuffs before all is over. [A
laugh.] In 1836 we imported eighty-six millions
worth of British goods, and she took from us in
breadstuffs the heavy amount of §1,684; that is,
we take $460 from her in her manufactures to
every single cent she takes from us in the form of
our breadstuffs. And let it not be forgotten that
of those very manufactures more than one-eighth
part of the whole value is made up of British
bieadstuffs consumed in the making of the goods.'
(When 1 say Britain, I mean England, Ireland,
and Scotland, not her dependencies,)
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McCler-
nand] congratulates himself very highly on the
repeal of the taiiffof 1842. Now, he probably
forgets that his own district consumed, in 1836,
^373,913 worth of British goods to every $732she
took of its agricultural products—assuming that
his district consumes in proportion to all others.
Yet we are congratulated on the great increase in
the ex poi t of breadstuffs under low duties !
What I have here stated I hold myself bound to
maintain. The statements cannot be successfully
contradicted. They wiii not be contradicted. I
doubt whether it will be attempted. They may
reply, but they cannot and will not attempt to dis-
prove these facts. They are afraid to deny and
ashamed to admit them. [A voice : It will he an-
swered, probably, by a personal attack.] Well,
so be it. I am used to personal attacks, but they
have not and cannot deter me from the fearless dis-
charge of my duty on this floor.
Again : the Secretary says another thing. He
says that by the tariff of 1846 duties have been re-
duced from 100 and 200 per cent, down to 20 and
30 per cent.; that three-fifths of the duty has been
taken off of iron; and more than one-half the duty
"off of coal; and yet he says the price of iron is
higher than it was before, and of coal-too. Well,
sir, if the fact is so, who then is benefited by the
reduction of the dutyi The foreigner, most clear-
ly, and the foreigner alone. American consumers
pay more for their iron than they did before. The
amount of the change is this, that the foreigner
brings his iron into our market, and the treasury
loses three-fifths of the former duty. Of such a
state of things this model of a Secretary congratu-
lates Pennsylvania, and alludes to the result of the
late elections as speaking her approval of his
financiering!
I will tell you one way in which he lowers duties.
He takes oft one-half the duty on brandy and puts
it upon tea and coffee. He relieves the rich man's
brandy, and burdens wkh a heavy hand the tea and
coffee of " the toiling millions." And for this he
got the votes of Pennsylvania! He takes nearly
one-half of the duty off" of hats, and 50 and 30 per
cent, off of cloths and shoes. What for? To in-
crease revenue. How will this increase revenue?
By increasing imports. He says he has reduced
the duties one-third, so that now he must import
one hundred and fifty millions worth of goods to
get the same revenue that one hundred millions
gave under the tariff of 1842, and he must send
fifty millions of dollars to pay for them. So the
foreigner sells us fifty millions  to displace fifty
millions now made at home, without paying our
treasury one cent more revenue—foreigners have
all the benefit,'and Americans bear all the loss.
That is the beautiful policy of our model Presi-
dent and his model Secretary, and a pretty pair of
models they are! [A laugh.] But, there is a
shadow over them! Old Rough and Ready is
coming to correct all this anti-American policy and
see justice done to the American people. Under
this precious doctrine of Mr. Walker, we must
import six millions more of foreign iron to get the
duties we did, and leave so much of our own iron
under the ground. Why must we take so much
more of British iron, while England will not take
any more of our cotton ?
Once more : this Secretary tells us that the uni-
form effect of a high tariff is to oppress labor, and
that of low tariffs is to favor it. It will soon, he
says, become "an axiomatic truth," that all
tariffs are a tax upon labor. A tax on foreign
goods a tax on our own labor! Indeed! I will
adopt the maxim, but with an amendment. 1 move
to insert the word foreign." All tariffs are a tax
on foreign labor. So they are, when foreign labor
comes m competition with our own. But, to en-
courage the latter, Mr. Walker takes the duty off
of foreign labor and puts it on our own. The re-
duction inures to the benefit of the foreigner, and
the treasury loses the revenue.
He says that low duties are always followed by
• public prosperity*, and he very modestly says it
was the effect of his report of 1845, which was
published for the use of Parliament, that produced
the repeal of the British corn laws. Sir, the corn
laws are not repealed; they never were repealed.
They were temporarily suspended, it is true; and
in a very few weeks they will again go into effect.
The Secretary says it is susceptible of mathematical
demonstration, that in all countries, this and every
other, the public prosperity is advanced by low
duties. I deny it. I say the very reverse is the
result of the whole experience of this country,
and I will proceed to prove it by the Secretary's
own official reports.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell, and Mr. S.
resumed his seat.]
Mr. VENABLE next obtained the floor. He
regretted that the time allotted to him would pre-
vent him from taking such notice of the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stew-
art] on the tariff as he should like to do. He
trusted on some other occasion he should have the
opportunity; and if he should not, he knew there
were abler and more experienced individuals in
j this House who would do full justice to the posi-
tion the gentleman had taken. But he assured the
gentleman that his friend General Taylor, whom
he had so unceremoniously introduced, would not
thank him for presenting the issue of a high tariff
in connection with his name—an issue which had
always been avoided by him, an issue as to com-
mitting himself upon which General Taylor was
exceedingly cautious.
But there was another question upon which he
should ask the indulgence of this committee—a
question which to his mind presented.one of the
most important, one of the most profoundly inter-
esting issues which had ever been raised; He
was admonished that this was an old question; he
knew it was to some uninteresting; but for more
than thirty years he had been a close observer of
the pohticafhistory of this country, with the small
! portion of intellect he possessed; and after all the
' lights that had been thrown upon it from this
| observation and experience, he still felt, as he had
i ever felt, that it was one of the most important
! questions which had ever been agitated in this
j country. He referred to the question involved in
i the able and luminous message of the President
I lately received upon the subject of internal lm-
i provements.
He felt under obligations to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] ana to the gentle-
men from Ohio [Mr. Vinton and Mr. Schenck]
for coming up so boldly to the mark as they had,
for taking a platform so broad and so wide as
could not be mistaken. They had been told by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith]
that the only limit to the power of Congress to
make internal improvements was the will of Con-
gress. That all those fancied securities which it
had been supposed were erected by the Constitu-
tion had been swept away. ThDse who,ijke him,
maintained the rights of the States and a strict
construction of the Constitution, had been accus-
tomed to believe that their broad rivers and their
fair lands belonged to them, and that they weie
not merely the tenants of the General Government.
If State rights and State sovereignty were a phan-
tom, it was high time they should be informed of
it, so that they might recognize their allegiance
and their obligations in all respects to the General
Government. He had not so learned the Consti-
tution or the cotemporaneous construction of it.
Those venerable sages and patriots who gave it to
us as a rich legacy, a safe hope in every peril, and a
sure pledge in every storm, had no such thing in
view when they declared that all powers not dele-
gated by the Constitution to the United States, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively and to the people.
And permit him to say that he never felt more
gratified in his life—and he knew the Democratic
party of the country would feel and acknowledge
their obligations to the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] for the compliment, the
unwilling compliment, he paid the President of
the United States for this veto message. Imme-
diately after it was read, that gentleman, who was
so well acquainted with the political history of the
country, was so electrified, so afraid of its influ-
ence on the public mind, that he asked for the ap-
pointment of a committee of one member from
each State, that they might have a chancc tfr ex-
ercise their ingenuity to frame a reply to go out
along with it; for he proposed that the message
should not be printed until the committee should
make their report. There was no parallel to it,
except when, in the discussion ofMr. Jay's treaty,
Mr. Ames poured forth that burning tide of elo-
quence, and when it was feared, if the vote weie
then taken, it would go in accordance with it, a
member rose and asked that the House adjourn.
The distinguished chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means felt that something must he
done to foil the blow and break the edge of this
polished shaft. He thanked him for the compli-,
ment. It was well deserved; it was justly earned
by one of the ablest and most forcible documents
that had ever been communicated to Congress. It
swept away all the distinctions, which troubled
gentlemen so much, of salt water and fresh water,
and all others, by taking away from Congress en-
tirely the power to make internal improvements.
They had been told by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] that there was a time when all were
Federalists and all were Republicans; that those
were palmy days, when all the rancor of partisan
