144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11.
feeling was softened down; a proud period in
Amencan history, when all were Americans. !'
Yes, he remembered it; it was during Mr. Mon-
roe's administration. He could quote Mr. Mon-
roe in the latter part of it against Mr. Monroe on |:
his first accession to power. Mr. Monroe com-;1
milted the mistake of selecting a Cabinet opposed
to each other. It was the great blunder of his •
administration. He did not blame Whigs for be- j;
ing Wings, and taking Whig advisers; the'very j
instinct of self-preservation required it. Mr. Mon- • '
roe, by way of conciliating the difficulties which
arose during the war of 1312, (for he came into
power in 1816, at the close of that wai,) remem- 1
bering the Hartford Convention, and the formida- •
ble difficulties that threatened a dissolution of the
Union, made a mistaken effort to conciliate them. '
Mr. Monroe commenced with the Republican ,
creed, and ended with a Federal administration, as
the history of the country would show. Read
Mr. Monroe's message when he commenced his
administration, and you would see that he utterly ,
denied the power of this Government over internal
improvements; and then ins messages when he
closed, and you would say, not" how are the mighty
fallen," (for he never was an admirer of Mr. Mon-
roe or his administration,) but you would say that
a wonderful change had come over the spirit of his
dream.
He would here turn to the honorable gentleman 1
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] who yesterday
gave the House ins views, differing from the Pres- •
ident. The gentleman told them, and they had
been told by other gentlemen, that the bright,
great names of Madison, Monroe, Jackson, and :
others, had ail approved bills appropriating for
internal improvements. He had learned that great
names would not sanctify error. He felt as great
respect and veneration for General Jackson as any
one could frei. His brow was entwined with a
chaplct of never-failing laurels; his name was writ-
ten with a ray of light upon the page of his coun- :
try's history; and withered be the tongue which
would seek to darken that name, or the hand to
rob him of those laurels. Yet he felt no more re-
spect for General Jackson's errors than for those
of other men; they would do more harm, and
therefoie were the more to be feared. It was re-
served for Mr. Polk to clear away all the difficul-
ties from the question, and take the ground that
our Government, has no constitutional ability to
make internal improvements whatever; for if they
opened the uoor, they opened the Pandora's box
from which numberless evils "would fly out. L'pon
this question of the views of the fiamers of the
Constitution as to the power of the General Gov-
ernment over works of internal improvement, he
had before him the first volume of the Madison
Papers, (from which he could not stop to read,)
•which showed that when the express right was
Bought to cut canals, and that, too, moved by Dr.
Franklin as an amendment to the clause to estab-
lish post-roads, it was rejected by the Convention
that m«dc the Constitution. It seemed to him, if
anything on the face of the earth could exclude an
inleience, this would. If the i ight of the Govern-
ment to make internal impiovements was so clear
and undoubted, why had its advocates sought to
locatg u under every clausc of the Constitution ?
He spoke of those different clauses; that giving
power to Congress to regulate commerce, to estab-
lish post-roads, &c.; and, finally, the general-wel-
fare clause, under which anything could be done,
and all the powers of the Government could be
consolidated in a single individual.
There was nothing- he venerated more than he
did this Union; theie was no richer legacy that he
wished to leave to his childteri and to posterity
than the Union pure and unsullied. But,as much
as he loved it, as much as he should dread to see it
sundered, theie was one thing which he dreaded
much more, and that was consolidation—the con-
centration of ail the powers of the States around
the Federal Government. Such were the senti-
ments of Jellerson, Madison, and of many mem-
ber* of thn Convention. They all feaied, more
than aught else a consolidation of all power in the
hands of the General Government. And he would
here read a single piece of history on this matter,
which a fnuKl had put into his hands. When
Congress, in New Voi k, in 1789, immediately after
the adoption of the Constitution, was fixing a place
for the seat ot the Fedeiai Government, and the
bill passed the House by which it was located on
the Susquehanna, it was expressly provided that j!
Maryland and Pennsylvania should clear out the \\
river and make the harbor. Theie was not a sin- t'
gle dissenting voice maintaining the right of Con- !i
gress to do it. Here was a cotemporaneous expo-1}
sition of the Constitution. Mr. Madison, and ,j
other gentlemen who discussed the bill, admitted j]
that, unless Maryland and Pennsylvania made the ji
anangement, the Government would be placed in ji
the power of those States. Mr. Madison, one of!j
the lathers of the Constitution, one of its best ex-
ponents, if internal improvements had been the
order of the day, would have risen in his place
and said, Congress has the power; let us take pos-
session of this nver, (which was then legally made
a public highway,) and wc will clear it out, and
make such improvements as are necessary. But
no such thing did we hear from him. In the name
of the State he in part had the honor to represent,
he (Mr. V.) protested against the Federal Govern-
ment's laying hands on their soil, clearing out their j
rivers, or improving their harbors, and leaving ;
them merely the child's bauble, the paraphernalia s
of State sovereignty. 1
It was with extreme regret that he heard the ;
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] in a '
part of his remarks yesterday, because he believed
the gentleman had been a prominent actor in the
great tnumph they had achieved towards fiee trade ,
and getting rid ot the American system." The ■
gentleman had been found fighting side by side ;
with those who contended for these great and glo- j
rious principles. He was distressed to hear him
surrender, as it struck him, the strongest position
their party occupied. The public mind had been
enlightened on the subject of the tariff and a Uni-
ted States bank. We have met the enemy, (said
Mr. V.,) and swept them with victory—a victory
proclaimed from one end of the country to the
other; and now, he feared, the gentleman was
giving his aid to the enemy to rally his scattered
, legions.
I The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] said it had never been intended by the friends
' of internal improvement to piosecute the system
evils of their train. He portrayed vividly the
coirupting influence of the bank over individual
members of Congress—the despotic influence of a
creditor over a debtor—and its blighting influence
upon the trade and geneial interests of the coun-
try; the numberless abuses and corruptions of tho
system of log-rolling to which appropriations for
internal improvements would inevitably give rise,
and the influence which might be brought to bear
through both these systems upon Presidential
elections.
He commented more particularly upon the de-
signation given by Mr. Stanton to a portion of the
President's message of " philological" and " met-
aphysical ."
Mr. STANTON (Mr. V. yielding at his re-
quest) wished to make a single reinaik. The gen-
tleman seemed to have taken it upon himself to
give him a sort of lecture to-day upon his opin-
ions, for which he was very much obliged. But
if the gentleman represented him as saying that
the President's message generally was of that
character—that it was metaphysical or philologi-
cal, he was mistaken; he had said no so such thing.
I He had spoken of the power to legulate commerce,
| of that part of the President's argument, and also
> of the historical part of the President's message,
arid had argued contrary to the conclusions at
' which the Piesident arrived, as the gentleman
■ would distinctly recollect.
; Mr. VENABLE. I distinctly recollect.
: Mr. STANTON said, with the gentleman's
' leave, he would now trespass upon his indulgence
to reply to another part of his lecture. [Cries of
; " No, no."]
i He would say hut a single word. He had said
! that he would sooner trust to the General Govern-
j merit the power to makewoiks of internal im-
provement than to moneyed corporations. He
, would sooner have the Government of the United
States make the navigation of the Ohio free than
to have the canal around its falls in the hands of a
i corporation who levied immense taxes upon all
' the commerce of the West. And he thought it
! more democratic that the Government should do it
by cieatmg a public debt, if so, why were they | than to confide such an immense power—a power
told by the gentleman fiom Indiana, and all who
had spoken on that side, that by a capricious veto
the Piesident had deprived the country of the ben-
efit of these works of internal improvement? Did
they not tell them that the credit of the country
was sinking, its resources being exhausted, and
that direct taxes would have to be resorted to; and
yet did we not hear from them murmuis ami com-
plaints that this was a tyrannical exercise of the
veto power, depriving tne countiy of those im-
provements to which it was entitled from the Gen-
eral Government? He said to his friend from
Tennessee, Beware how you rise and give your
support to this doctrine. Beware how you open
in which the whole country were so vitally inter-
ested—to a corporation.
Mr. VENABLE, resuming, said that every-
thing he had said had been with the most pro-
found respect for the gentleman from Tennessee,
and nothing unkind had been intended. He had
intended to state that the gentleman had said that
so far as the question of the power to regulate
commerce was concerned, the President's mes-
sage was philological and metaphysical. If by
that he intended that he most clearly set forth his
meaning by his words, and that his conclusions
from his premises were clear and iiresistible, he
agreed with the gentleman. With reference to the
the door of Congiess and acknowledge this power; j: historical parts of the message, he had not been
how you open the door by which uncounted mil- " able to see in what respect they weie mconect;
but as he had not examined it particularly, he
would not now dispute that point with his friend
lions may be appropiiated. We were told in the
contest of 184U, that the United States bank was j
an <v obsolete idea," that the people had passed j
judgment on it, and that sentence of death was I1
executed, and why make the bank an issue? And j
yet Mr. Tyler, when lie had the moral courage to !,
veto the bank bill, received the loud curses ol the i
Whigs, and was ranked with every traitor from ^
Judaf Iscanot down. Ah ! it was not dead. He ,
warned his friend from Tennessee it was like the j.
benumbed serpent; once warm it again into life ■
under Whig niusing, and it would come forth from ;
its scaly folds ready for rum and destruction.
Revive this gigantic scheme of internal improve- "
ments: saddle the country with a debt of
001),000, destroy its credit, and you would hear
from one side of this Hall to the other the Whig
party calling out for a great " regulator," a remedy
for the distresses of the people, a tinted States 1
bank. He recollected the spasms, the dying throes
of that monster. Whatever might be said of Gen-
eial Jackson, the glorious victoiy of New Orleans .
was small compaicd with the moiai couiagc with 1
which he seized that monster by the throat and .
gave it its death struggle. Our liberties survived i
the shock, it was true; but he was unwilling that 1
they should again be put to so severe a lest. He
wained his friend fiom Tennessee. Let it not be ^
a barren tu'umph; aid not to imioduce and re-
establish a system by which debt after debt is to
be accumulated, and such burdens as should bnn.
from Tennessee.
He further contested some of the positions taken
by Mr. Stanton, and enforced his views in oppo-
sition to the entire system of internal improve-
ments.
His friend from Tennessee, he said, misunder-
stood him. His purpose had not been to read a
lecture to the gentleman. It would have been a
presumption on his part, of which he hoped he
never should be guilty. But he could not let the
opportunity pass to express his hope that no friend
of Democratic principles, when, after thirty years
of conflict, they had well nigh succeeded, when
they saw their flag waving in triumph, would now
m any degree yield to the enemy. He could say
tins of the Whig party, that for the la>t ten or
twelve years they were the best people in the
world to mn when theie was no prize to win; but
when they came to the ballot-box m the. Presi-
dential contest, the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
would find that they would not clog old " Rough
and Ready" with any such burdens as he seemed
disposed to place upon him. He had nev«r said
th.it he was in favor of a United States bank, or
in favor of a high protective tariff. He knew
nothing about them. For many years ho had
hem too much engaged in military life to turn his
attention to them. He would be clogged neither
by these nor the Wilmot proviso. Upon these
back a high tariff, a United States bank and all the \\ subjects h« hud been exceedingly cautious in hia
