THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
communications, as was manifest from his letter
to a gentleman in Mobile. He (Mr. V.) did not
come to this House as a President-maker; but one
thing he .-would say, that he would sustain the
claims of no candidate who either withheld his
opinions from the public, or who did not unequiv-
ocally adopt the Democratic creed. No man was
more willing to vote thanks to our gallant officers
and soldiers ; but he desired to know whether the
hero of Buena Vista stood pledged to the doctrines
heltl by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
There was, however, another question of grave
importance to which he wished to direct attention
for a few minutes. Within a few days they had
had a resolution submitted by a gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] in favor of with-
drawing our troops from beyond the Rio Grande,
and giving up all indemnity. Well, but after the
House had been forced to a vote upon it, and after
a reconsideration by nearly a tie vote, there was
not more than forty-one votes in this House to
stand by it. Again, there ^as another resolution
offered—a vote of thanks to General Taylor—and
he had nothing to say against that gallant soldier,
for he had fought well. But when the gentleman
from-Indiana [Mr. Henley] offered an amendment
to express the fact that General Taylor and the
army under his command were engaged in fighting
for the rights and honor of the country, another
amendment was offered by a gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] declaring the war to have
been unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun
by the President of the United States. There
were eighty-five members of this House who stood
up to sustain the amendment of the gentleman from
> Massachusetts. Now, all he (Mr. V.) had to say
at this time was, that he was a friend of the Ad-
ministration, and he justified Mr. Polk in every
step he had taken during this war. He believed it
was a war m defence of the honor, the glory, and
the rights of the country, and his whole heart and
soul were in it. This Congress was the grand in-
quest of the nation; of this House, one branch of
Congress, eighty-five gentlemen had voted that Mr.
Polk had violated the Constitution—that every
drop of blood which had been shed, every bone
that now whitened the plains of Mexico, every
agony that had boon produced, was attributable to
the President's unnecessarily and unconstitution-
ally commencing this war. This tiic gentlemen
opposite had declared by their votes, and he called
upon them to impcach the President. They had
a majority in this House, and therefore they could
impeach the President if lie had been guilty of un-
necessarily and unconstitutionally involving this
country in war. He called upon them as honest
men and as brave men to come up and bring the
question fairly and fully before the public.
He repeated, if they believed it, as doubtless
they did; if they had voted in good faith, and that
he would not question; if they were firm men, as
he knew they were; if they were brave men, which
none could doubt, let them come up to the scratch.
He knew one Senator from Massachusetts had dis-
qualified himself for trying the impeachment by a
speech he had made at Springfield; but if eighty-
five gentlemen of this House believed the Pres-
ident to be a murderer; if they believed Mr. Polk
had, wantonly, unnecessarily, and unconstitution-
ally brought on the war; if he had unnecessarily
end unconstitutionally steeped one nation in blood
and clothed another in mourning—if he had been
guilty of so high an offence, he would be deserving
of the malediction of the present age and the
execration of posterity; and he called upon the
majority m this House to present articles of im-
peachment. If the President had stained the page
of history with blood, let them wipe it out. Let
gentlemen stand forth and say, u this blood shall
not he on our skirts." He (Mr. V.) courted such
a result. He again called upon gentlemen in the
majority to file their impeachment. The Pres-
ident was ready to meet them, and the voice of the
people would sustain him. He would also be
sustained by those gallant legions who had gained
and covered themselves over with glory in all their
battles. The President was ready to meet any
10
THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1848.
articles of impeachment thegentleman might prefer;
and no man should fear who was surrounded by
the breastworks of truth and justice.
He trusted at some future time to have the op-
portunity again to speak of this war; but he now
asked, if the proposition were true that the Pres-
ident had wantonly, in violation of the Constitu-
tion, made an aggressive and cruel war, that gen-
tlemen on the other side, they being in the major-
ity, would boldly appeal to the people of this great
country to condemn the President as the author of
so much afi-ony and ruin which had been inflicted
on a sister Republic. If we have no just claim on
Mexico—if the glorious stars and stripes are to be
trailed in the dust—why, let it be known and seen;
for he could not discover how our officers and
soldiers could cover themselves with honor and
glory, if the war and our conquests were uncon-
stitutional and iniquitous. He (Mr. V.) stood on
the broadflplatform of the President's message.
He did not believe any peace eould be assented to
that did not obtain indemnity for the past and
security for the future, together with the expenses
of the war.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, next rose,
but said it was not with the intention to occupy
more than ten or fifteen minutes of the time of the
Committee. He merely rose to say a few words
on one of the topics which had occupied no incon-
siderable portion of the time of the House for the
last few days. He was, he confessed, somewhat
amused yesterday on listening to the full and elabo-
rate defence of the measures of the Administration
by gentlemen who addressed the committee. The
state of feeling must be, indeed, very agreeable with
which the President and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury witnessed the success of all their measures—
if they were so successful as gentlemen described
them. He (Mr. R.) had supposed, however,there
had been some troubjf attendant on their measures,
and that to sustain the burdens which thecountry has
nowto litarhad given sore affliction to tile mind of the
Secretary of the Treasury. To enable the Govern-
ment to meet these expenses, the Secretary of the
Treasury recommended, first, a duty on tea and
coffee; and, in the second place, he had taken the
position that the only way to raise sufficient reve-
nue was to reducc the price of the public lands.
Such were his great schemes of finance.
Mr. R. did not design, however, on this occasion,
to ,<?o into these matters, and show their inconsist-
ency. He had no intention to go into an exami-
nation of the statements of the Sfccrelaiy of the
Treasury, who seemed to have more regard for
some abstract mode of argument than for practical
details and the preparation of just estimates of the
means that were necessary to meet the demands
on the treasury. Nor did he mean to undertake to
settle the important difficulties of this war, which
afflicted his friends on the other side of the House;
nor those which troubled them respecting the im-
provements of harbors and rivers; and he could
only express the hope that his friend from Tennes-
see [Mr. Stanton] would receive with due meek-
ness the admonition which had been administered
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ten-
able.] In such matters it was not for him (Mr.
R.) to interfere. But there was one single point
in the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee,
in relation to the subject of harbors and rivers, on.
which he had risen to say a word. He had had
occasion to refer to the President's message on this
subject, and he must confess that some of its state-
ments had struck him with great surprise. The
purport of one of these statements was, that the
system of harbor and river improvements had, in
fact, originated during the administiation of Mr.
Adams, and that it was greatly restrained, and
almost abolished, during the administration of
General Jackson. In short, that it lay at the door
of his (Mr. R.'s) side of the House, and that the
remedy was to be ascribed to the other. He
thought, however, that they were not entitled to
the undivided honor; and hence the statement had
been made in ignorance, or with a desire to deceive
the public mind.
With regard to this matter, he would refer to a
New Series No. 10.
few facts to show that the President had not truly
presented them to the country. The President
states, in his message, that the power to appropriate
money for internal improvements was never claim-
ed for thirty years after the organization of the *
Government. 'Now, it so happened that it was
claimed, and sustained by an able argument by
Mr. Gallatin, in 1808, in a report which he at that
time made to Congress. He would advert for a
moment to the resolution under which it was
made.
The honorable gentleman here read Mr. Worth-
ington's resolution of the 2d March, 1807, which
was offered and adopted as a substitute for two
others, which contemplated some improvements
in the Chesapeake bay, &c. The substitute was
adopted by the Senate almost unanimously, the
yeas and nays being taken, for there were but
threein the negative, and twenty-two in the affirm-
ative. Those in the negative were from the States
of New Jersey, Rhode Island, and New-Hamp-
shire.
Thus at that early period not only was that right
claimed, but the Secretary was directed to make a
full inquiry, and report thereon, and that report he
(Mr. R.) had before him. He should not, how-
ever, undertake to read it, for it embraced twenty
pages of the volume which he held in his hand,
going minutely into the details of the subject He,
however, read extracts specifying different classes
of public works, and recommending an expendi-
ture of twenty millions of dollars, which improve-
ments, at an annual appropriation of two millions,
could all be accomplished in ten years. This,
then, afforded evidence to contradict the express
declaration of the President, which he had so re-
cently made to the country.
But that was not all. In 1818, Mr. Calhoun
made a report on this subject when he was in the
Department of War. From that report the hon-
orable gentleman read various extracts, and also
from other documents, to sustain the position which
he had taken that the President had not truthfully
represented the origin of this claim. The* honor-
able gentleman also proceeded to controvert an-
other statement of the President's message, which
set forth that during Mr. Adams's administration
man v appropriations were made embracing roads,
rivers, harbors, and canals.
The idea conveyed by this was, that some new
doctrine was established by Mr. Adams's admin-
istration, which was not the fact. INo appropria-
tions were made during that administration for the
construction of roads, except such as had been
provided for from the beginning of the Govern-
ment. The roads for which appropriations were
made were those of the Territories, for which the
Government had always and does still provide.
The honorable gentleman here read from a Con-
gressional report a statement of appropriations
made and the objects to which they were devoted,
to show that they were for roads lying in Wiscon-
sin, Michigan, Arkansas, and Florida. There
was, however, one bill signed by Mr. Adams for
a road in Maine. In explanation of this, and to
show that General Jackson signed bills of a simi-
lar character, the honorablegentleman read an ex-
tract from some work, the title and contents of
which weie not distinctly heard at the reporter's
desk. He then proceeded to show that the accu-
sation that Mr. Adams approved and signed biils
for making and improving; canals was not true.
By voluminous documentary evidence, he proceed-
ed to sustain the administration of Mr: Adams,
and to show that it had been misrepresented by
the President, and with that view referred to the
course pursued and the appropriations made during
the administrations of General Jackson, Mr. Van
Buren, and Mr. Tyler. .
He further read that part of the message which
states that, prior to 1826, there had been made no
appropriations for the improvement of navigable
rivers. This statement, he said, was also errone-
ous. In 1824, an act was passed appropriating
<$75 000 for the improvement of the Ohio and Mis-
siss'ippi rivers; in 1825, an act for removing ob-
structions from the mouth of the Urand river,—
