1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
as to the consequence that may result from taking
possession of the whole country. I think I can
see almost as clearly as does the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] the re-
sult of incorporating the whole of Mexico into this
Union; and if I believed that the object was the
incorporation of the whole of Mexico into the
Union by the further prosecution of the war, much
as I should hang my head in mortification and
shame for the honor of my country, I would will-
ingly submit to the withdrawal of the troops, rather
than prosecute the war an hour longer. But I do
not believe that such is to be the result. I do not
believe that the people of the United States would
suffer an Executive officer'to perpetrate such a
wrong, if the Executive even had it in contempla-
tion. I do not believe that they would ever them-
selves assist an Executive to accomplish such an
object. I would have much less confidence in
them than I have, if I thought it possible, that the
mere lust of lapine, the mere lust of territory,
would lead them to dishonor the American name by
blotting from existence a neighboring and feebler
nation.
I am for prosecuting the war, because I believe
the consequence will be to bring Mexico the ear-
lier to her senses, and to prompt her cheerfully to
accept terms of peace. And this brings me to say
a word or two on what should be, m my opinion,
the terms of such a peace.
Now, sir, I speak for myself, though I have no
doubt that I speak the sense of most of the friends
around me. My honorable friend from South Car-
olina the other day, in the speech which he did us
and the country the honor to deliver, said he be-
lieved the people of the United States were irrev-
ocably determined on taking indemnity for the
wrongs which we have suffered from Mexico, in
territory. I hope he is mistaken. I believe he is
mistaken. I believe the people of the United
States would be to-morrow contented by a treaty
which would make the Rio Grande the boundary.
I believe they would be contented with such a
treaty, for the purpose of terminating the war,
rather than that Mexico should be compelled by
the force of our arms to dismember herself. Now,
in expressing this hope, and in expressing the
opinion that the war .might be honorably termi-
nated by taking the Rio Grande as the boundary,
X wish it not to be supposed that I am opposed to
the acquisition of additional territory. I am
against the acquisition of territory by force. I am
not opposed to the acquisition of territory of itself,
but for one consideration which weighs in my
judgment, and which has had heretofore and still
Jias a controlling operation. Mr. President, 1 fear,
I greatly fear, the conflict to which such an ac-
quisition would lead. The honorable Senator
from New Hampshire (Mr. Hai.e] tokl the Sen-
ate the other day that the true origin of this" war
Jay in the settled purpose on the part of the South
to perpetuate and extend slavery. 1 am not al-
luding to this now with any design to try conclu-
sions with the honorable Senator on the question
of slavery. Sir, he will pardon me for telling him
that that is a subject which no southern man on
this floor, when hecanavoid it, desires to discuss,
pie will permit me to tell him (and I do it with
all good feeling, and with all the respect in which
I hold him as a Senator of the United States) that
it has been owing to the exciting discussions on
this subject in the North, that slavery now exists
in many of the southern States. He will permit
me to tell him, that as far as I know, it has been
his course, and that of those whose sentiments he
speaks, on this subject, which has done more than
anything else towards its perpetuation.
The greatest practical advocates of slavery have
been the Senator himself and his particular con-
stituents. Sir, I have my opinions upon this sub-
ject as deeply instilled as can have the Senator
from New-Hampshire. They were almost born
with me; they have been confirmed by the expe-
rience of every day of my life. They have been
strengthened by the experience of all I have seen
around me. I do not choose to express them on
this floor, unless the question is pressed home.
But whilst I have fixed and unalterable convictions
as to the mere institution of slavery itself as a po-
litical or civil institution, I have another conviction
as deeply and irrevocably fixed; and that is, a con-
viction that the southern States owe it to them-
selves, 6ne and all of them, to stand on their own
rights, to vindicate their own equality, and exclu*
sively at their own time, and without the inter-
ference of others, to meddle in their own way with
this peculiar institution. Notwithstanding this,
Mr. President, I cannot be blind to all the indica-
tions of the times. I cannot but say that the opin-
ions entertained in the North, however erroneous
t may think they are, are still honestly entertained.
I cannot but say that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire would be false to the implied promise which
he has given to the State which sent him here, if
he were not to make this condition; I cannot but
perceive that it is a popular feeling, which is
sweeping like a whirlwind at the North; but there
is an equally determined and steady feeling at the
South. If these feelings be further excited, there
can be but one result; that is, deadly conflict or
amicable sepaiation. And when I look at either,
Mr. President, my heart sickens at the reflection.
Sons of a common ancestry, bound together by com-
mon ties, glorying in a common renown, looking
in, common to a still more glorious future, I cannot
but feel my heart sink within me, even at the pos-
sibility of such a result. And it is because 1 be-
lieve it will follow, if the state of things to which
I have alluded shalj be brought into existence, and
not because I am opposed merely to the acquisition
of territory, that I gave my cordial support to the
resolution offered upon that subject by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Georgia at the last ses-
sion.
Sir, I am not to be driven into a different course
by heing told that such a course leaves us a pecu-
niary loss. With me, Mr. President, loss of
money is nothing to the loss of character. With
me the boundless wealth of the world would be as
nothing, compared with what 1 should esteem the
incalculable loss attending the destruction of our
national character. But, sir, it is not true that a
peace accomplished oil the terms to which I have
referied would leave us without indemnity. Sir,
we have indemnity in the history of this war. Jt !
is to be found in the many glorious battle-fields i
which it has presented to an astonished world. It
is to he found in the delight which electrified every
American heart at the result of every battle. It is
to be found in the security which it furnishes
against the disturbers of our peace hereafter. A
few hundreds of millions (even if it should go to
hundreds) that may be expended, will be forgotten
even while spoken of, while the glory and renown
which it has heaped upon the American character
will be remembered as long as time itself shall
endure. I am not, therefore, to be told that peace
on such terms would leave us losers, in the true,
high, and moral sense of the term.
A word on another subject, and I cease to trou-
ble the Senate. I have already indicated, Mr. J
President, my preference of a regular over a vol-
unteer force. Now, sir, that preference is found- j
ed (and I have but a word or two in the way of j
reason to assign for it) on the opinion which in- !
formation in my posession has enabled me to form,
that the expense of a regular force is much less,
and their efficiency infinitely greater; above all,
that the sacrifice of human life is less.
Mr. Secretary Poinsett, in his letterofMarch 21,
1838, to the honorable Mr. Speaker Polk, now
President, speaking of the comparative expense of
the tw.o description of forces, says that
"The difference of expense between flip employment o£
this description of troops (meaning volunteers and militia)
and legillars is at least as Jour to one, independently ot ttie
wastage attending their ignorance of eveiy administrative
blanch of the sei vice ; the enormous expense of marching
them to and from distant points tor shoit periods of service,
and Illy gieat ineiea^e tliat will he. made to tile pension
hst, under the provisions of the act of the 19tli March,
1836."
Now, sir, the Senate will find how inefficient
this description of force is—I mean as compared
with regular forces—by turning to document 297,
of the 2d session 25th Congress. They will there
find that volunteer forces were called out in the
years 1832, '36, '37, and '38, to serve m the Flori-
da war, in the Black Hawk war, m the war against
the Cherokees, and in the State of New York at
the time of the border difficulties, to the number
of 55,324. They will find, I am satisfied, aside
from the additional expense attending the employ-
ment of these forces, and for the purpose now in
view, (the superior efficiency of the regulars,) that
the mortality among volunteers and militia, com-
pared with regulars, is as ten to one. Sir, to what
is this owing? It is owing principally to the fact
that the officers are unable to subject them to the
same state of discipline, and to prevent the expo-
sure which leads to disease.
From the statements to be found among the pa-
pers from the War Department, it appears that the
number of men enlisted for the line of the regular
army (the old establishment) for the first five -
months of 1847, and from January 1st to January
1st, was 4,605, the number offering to be enlisted
during the same period, and rejected by the recruit-
ing officers because of physical infirmity? was
4,847—more than twice the amount actually re-
ceived.
Now, I do not mean to underrate the volunteers.
God forbid that I should ! But I make bold to say,
that at least one-half of those who were rejected as
unfit for the regular service may be found in the
ranks of the volunteers. The chances of mortality
in that corps are of course very much increased.
I have said, Mr. President, all I intend to say
upon this point; and T ask the attention of the Sen-
ate only a moment or two longer, while I add a
word or two by way of conclusion. Sir, I have
heard it said by some that this war should be
prosecuted because its tendency was to ameliorate
the conditio^ of Mexico. I have heard it said that
we were constituted missionaries by Heaven,
even by fire and by sword and by slaughter, to
carry the light of civilization into that benighted
land. I have heard that it has been stated even in
the pulpit that we have been selected by Divine
Providence to purify a dark and false religion—to
break down their old, ancient, and degraded super-
stitions—to bring them into the blaze of the true
faith, and to substitute for it the holier and purer
light of the Protestant religion. I have heard it
stated, Mr. President, that the war is to be prose-
cuted in order to enlarge the "area of freedom."
I hold to no such doctrine. No, sir.
We need not, for the sake of enlarging the area
of freedom, become propagandists. No physical
force is on our part called for to break the bands
which bind other people in subjection. There is a
silent, but potent, moral power progressing through
the world, rapidly tending to that consummation.
It has its origin in the lesson which our example
is teaching. Here is seen perfect personal and
political freedom, combined with unexampled na-
tional happiness, prosperity, and power. Here is
seen that individual equality which nature stamps
upon the heart as a right, protected and enjoyed
amongst ourselves to an extent never before
known, and shielded by a national arm that the
nations of the world would in vain attempt to
strike down. Yes, sir, our institutions are telling
their own story by the blessings they impart to
us, and indoctrinating the people every where with
the principles of freedom upon which they are
founded. Ancient prejudices are yielding to their
mighty influence. Heretofore revered and appa-
rently permanent systems of government are fall-
ing beneath it. Our glorious mother, fiee as she
has ever comparatively been, is getting to be
freer. It has blotted out the corruptions of her
political franchise. It has broken her religious
intolerance. It has greatly elevated the individual
character of her subjects. It has immeasurably
weakened the power of her nobles, and, by weak-
ening it, in one sense has vastly strengthened the
authority of her crown, by forcing it to rest for
all its power and glory upon the hearts of its peo-
ple. To Ireland,"too—impulsive Ireland, the land
of genius, of eloquence, and of valor—it is rapidly
carrying the blessings of a restored freedom and
happiness. In France, all of political liberty
which belongs to her is to be traced to it; and
even now it is to be seen cheering, animating, and
guiding the classic land of Italy, making the very
streets "of Rome itself to ring with shouts of joy
and gratitude for its presence. Sir, such a spirit
needs no inactivity, and needs no incentive. It
admits of neither enlargement nor restraint. Upon
its own elastic and never-tiring wing, it is now
soaring over the civilized world, everywhere bear-
ing its magic and abiding charm. I say, then, try
not, seek not to aid it. Bring no physical force
to succor it. Such an adjunct would serve only
to corrupt and paralyze its efforts. Leave it to
itself, and, sooner or later, man will be free. Sir,
as to this war and its influence upon ouiselves,
there is much to rejoice at and be proud of. The
struggle of 1776 demonstrated the deeply seated
love of freedom in our sires, and their stern and
indomitable purpose to enjoy it or die. The war
of 1812 demonstrated the capacity of our mstitu-
