1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
"An act to raise for a limited time an additional
military force, and for other purposes." Read and
committed.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to authorize certain
promotions in the naval service; and a bill to direct
the Secretary of the Navy to settle certain accounts
of pursers in the navy who have been required to
act as pursers of the vessels of which they were
placed in command during the existing war with
Mexico. Read and committed.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Ann W. An us. Read an(j committed.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Mays; and
a bill for the relief of Nancy Tompkins. Read
and committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of J. Mel-
ville Gilliss and others; and bills for the relief of
James Glynn and others; and for the relief of
James H. Conley,, Which several bills and joint
resolution were read and committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stiuctetl to inquire into the legality of the order of the Sec-
retary of the Navy giving assimilated rank to surgeons,
as&isiant surgeons, and pursers, and the expediency of re-
pealing or continuing the same by law ; and that the com-
mittee repoit bj bill or otherwise.
Mr. POLLOCK expressed a desire to debate
this resolution, which he maintained would carry
it over to another day. He inquired (in conse-
quence of some remarks from a gentleman near
him) if the morning hour had expired.
The SPEAKER replied, that it was competent
for any gentleman to move to go into Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. POLLOCK said, perhaps then he would
accomplish his object by moving that the House
do now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HILLIAftD begged the gentleman from
Pennsylvania not to press that motion.
Mr. SCHENCIC desired to call the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the fact that
this was a mere proposition to inquire.
Mr. POLLOCK said lie had, then, misunder-
stood the proposition. If it was as represented by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] he had
no objection to it.
Mr. RHETT said it appeared to him the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were asking the House to
instruct them to do that which tliey had power to
do without such instructions. If there had been
any illegality, why did not the Naval Committee
proceed to investigate it? Whydid they seek for
instructions > Were they afraid to discharge then-
duty unless they should be compelled to do it by
the House ? He saw no necessity for such a reso-
lution, and he therefore moved to Jav it on the
table.
Some explanations having been made between
Mr. SCHENCK and Mr. EVANS, of Mary-
land—
Mr. RHETT desired the attention of the House
to the 92(1 rule, which is in these words:
"It shall tie the duty or the Committee on Naval Affairs to
take mtu consideration all maltel's which concern tile naval
establishment, and which shall be referred to them by the
Xtou«e, and To report their opinion thereupon ; and a!-o to
report, ftom time to time, such measures as may contubute
to economy and accountability in the said establishment.''
The rule prescribed the duty of the committee,
and hence they required no further instruction.
The question was then taken on laying on the
tabic, and it was decided in the affirmative by a
vote of 75 to 58.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to amend the act of the 3d
of March, 1847, entitled " An act to establish cer-
tain post routes, and for other purposes."
Mr. STANTON asked that the bill might be
now put on its passage.
The bill provides that the officers, seamen, and
marines of the navy of the United States, in ser-
vice on any of the coasts of Mexico, may receive
letters free of postage, thus placing the navy on
the same footing in this respect with the officers
musicians, and privates of the arm^ in Mexico.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to commit the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STANTON inquired if that was debatable ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON then proceeded to urge the
passage of the bilfe No one, he presumed, would
refuse'to put our officers and seamen in the same
position that the officers and men of the regular
army were put in by a law of a previous session
of Congress; for they were equally exposed to
hardships and perils in the service of the country,
and sometimes on shore as well as on the ocean.
Mr. GOGGIN said, when it came fairly before
the House, he should desire to discuss it; but he
desired first to inquire how this matter had been
taken from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and committed to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. STANTON explained. It was to supply
an omission in an act heretofore passed, from the
advantages of which the navy was excluded, that
the Committee on Naval Affairs had directed him
to report this bill. He had not anticipated any
opposition to this bill, nor had he believed that it
required the consideration of the Committee on the"
Post Office and Post Roads. It was simply de-
signed to supply an omission, which he had hoped
would have met with a general acquiescence.
Mr. RHETT said, what the gentleman from
Tennessee had said was perfectly true. There
was an omission of the navy in the law to which
he referred, but still this bill was defective; for our
mails not only go to Mexico, but are sent to the
Pacific, to the Mediterranean, and to Europe. If,
therefore, our officers and sailors in the Gulf of
Mexico are to be exempt from postage, the same
principle should be applied to those who were on
still more distant stations—in the Pacific, in Eu-
rope, or with the squadron in the Mediterranean.
He did not say that he was opposed to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee, but he
thought it should be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, a general measure
being preferable to a partial one, and that com-
mittee being the one best qualified to adjust all the
details. He thought the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia was the correct one.
Mr. STANTON replied that this measure was
of no actual importance to the Post Office Depart-
ment, for letters were aheady sent by the Navy
Department to their foreign stations, by both pub-
lic and private vessels. This bill was merely de-
signed to obviate any invidious distinction.
Mr. RHETT continued. If what the gentle-
man from Tennessee said was correct, there was
no earthly necessity to pass this bill, if the Navy
Department could send letters to other stations, she
could send also to the Gulf squadron. But he did
not understand that the Post Office Depaitment
had been established to give everybody gratuitous
facilities to send correspondence to foreign coun-
tnes. Jn evei y aspect, therefoie, this bill should
be subjected to an examination by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion to commit was then agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Charles
Reeder, W. R. Johnson, and Thomas P. Jones.
Read and committed.
Mr. BOTTS,from the Committee on Military
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the petition
of ithamar Rogers,and that it be laid on the table.
Agreed to.
Mr. B., from same committee, asked to be dis-
charged from the petitions of certain officers of the
army of the United States in Mexico; of Frances
P. Gardiner, widow of the late Geo. W. Gardiner;
of Frances Fowler, widow of the late Abraham
Fowler; of Mary M. Foot, widow of Lyman Foot;
and of the widows and orphans of sundry officeis
of the army; and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on kevolutionary Pensions.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, said he did not
! know what the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
] vsions had to do with the question, wnether it was
i proper to grant pensions to the widows of the
officers and soldiers of our present army in the
j event of their falling in the public service. [A
\ voice: "We are revolutionizing Mexico."] A
- revolution in Mexico! He knew not how even
■ our Mexican war could bring the subject within
; the province of the Committee on Revolutionary
, Pensions. He humbly apprehended that that
; committee had nothing to do with it; but that it
j properly belonged to the Committee on Military
i Affairs, which had jurisdiction over this entire
! subject; and, as he had entire confidence in that
committee, as well as great respect for its members,
he hoped this matter woulcf be sent back to it.
Mr. BOTTS begged to say that it was not of
the slightest consequence to him whether the sub-
ject were sent bac& or referred to some other com-
mittee; hut he begged also to call the attention of
the gentleman from Connecticut [M-r. T. Smith]
to the 90th rule of this House, which provides and
prescribes what shall be the duties of theComnyt-
tee on Military Affairs, in these words:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Military Affairs
to take into consideration all subjects relating to the mili-
tary establishment and public defence, which may be refer-
red to them by the House, and to report there opinion
thereupon; and also to report, from time to time, such
meas-ures as may contribute to economy and accountability
in the said establishment."
The gentleman would therefore see that the du-
ties of the Committee on Military Affairs were so
specific and so distinct from the objects here con-
templated by the proposed reference, that the
Committee on Military Affairs had deemed it
proper to ask to be dischaiged from its considera-
tion. Still, he held that it was competent for this
House, at its discretion, to refer such matters to
the Committee on Military Affairs, the Commit-
tee on Invalid, or the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, neither of which was expressly charged
with the consideration of such questions. But as
the Committee on Military Affairs would have
much business to occupy its members, and the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions would not
be so much oppressed with business, it was
thought, in giving it a special reference, it might
with much propriety be sent to that committee.
For himself, however, he was perfectly indifferent
respecting the disposition the House might make
of it.
Mr. HARALSON, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affair^, begged to state, that it
was clearly his conviction that this subject should
be sent to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions. It more appropriately belonged to that, or
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, than to the
committee of which he was a member. It was not
material to which of the two Pension Committees
it was referred; but to one it w&s obvrous it should
go, for it was an application for a pension. Pen-
sion was the object sought, arid nothing else.
How, then, could it be sent to the Committee on
Military Affairs, consistently with the rule which
prescribed their duties?
It had been said that the widows of our officers
and soldiers who might fall in the Mexican war
were not "invalids," nor the widows of soldiers
of the " revolutionary war." True. But neither
were they a part of the " military establishment
and public defence," and hence the Committee on
i Military Affairs was not the appropriate commit-
i tee. Certainly it was less appropriate, the memo-
I rial being an application for a pension, than either
! of the two committees, both of which had the sub-
| ject of pensions committed to them. Pie should
vote to send it to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, though it was true the rule prescribing
the duty of that committee did not itself embrace
this subject. But that was a more appropriate
reference than either of the others.
The honorable gentleman read the 95th and 96th
rules prescribing the duties of the two Pension
Committees—the one being " to take into consid-
eration all such matters respecting pensions for ser-
vices in the levolutionary war, other than invalid
pensions," and the other being charged with those
invalid pensions which were the exception in the
first of the two rules. There was no Committee
on Pensions other than those enumerated, and it
would be perhaps most appropriate to send this
subject to a special committee. If the motion to
refer to the other committees should fail, he should
I certainly move such a reference. The duties of
' the Committee on Military Affairs would be oner-
j ous enough without giving them in charge the sub-
j ject of pensions.
; Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said theappli-
■ cation was for a system of rewards for officers and
; soldiers now in the service of the country. This
| necessarily involved a question which was contra-
; ry to the genius of our institutions, and it should
i be well considered before a system was establish-
I ed for the future involving such weighty consider-
I ation. He was understood to advocate the reler-
! ence to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
I but the venerable gentleman was not distinctly
1 heard at the reporter's desk.
