1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
conclusion he had. It was some two or three
weeks ago, when, it might be remembered, he in-
troduced resolutions of inquiry. They followed
a short time, some three or four days, after the
movement of his colleague, [Mr. Richardson,]
and they followed in consequence of it, and would
not have been introduced if the gentleman's reso-
lution had not. He had introduced those resolu-
tions, those interrogatories, with the view of get-
ting at the direct question, as he understood it, of
the justice of the President's conduct in the com-
mencement of this war. It was not'for him to say
that he certainly understood the true question cor-
rectly—he only acted for himself. The President,
however, told us, in his-first message, that hostili-
ties were commenced, or blood was shed—Ameri-
can blood was shed upon American soil. And of
so much importance did the President deem the
declaration that the place, the very spot where
blood was first spilled was our own soil, that he
followed it up, and repented that declaration in
almost the same language in every successive mes-
sage, certainly in every annual message since.
The President seemed to attach great importance
to the assumed fact that the soil was our own
where hostilities commenced. He (Mr. L.) agreed
with him on the importance of it, if he understood
the President. It was lfis opinion that that was
the very point on which rightfully the President
should be justified or condemned. The President
felt, as doubtless every intelligent man felt, that
ownership, title, was not itself a simple fact, it was
rather a conclusion drawn from one or more single
facts; and, feeling this, he seemed to be sensible
that the bare statement that we owned the soil
needed to be supported by the facts on which it
rests. Accordingly, in his annual message in
December, 1846, he came forward with a string of
proof on that point. He (Mr. L.) proposed to ex-
amine that proof, and to show that it in no way
attached to the question. First, he made an issue
which was a false issue. After going on to state
certain facts, he said:
" But there arc those who, conceding all this to be true,
assume the giound that the true western boundary of Texas
Is theNwees instead ot' the Rio Gi undo; and that, therefore,
in marching our army to the cast bank of the latter river, we
passed the Texan line, and invaded the terutory of Mexi-
co."
Now, he said, this was an issue ingeniously
■ framed for the admission of improper testimony.
If the President had desired to meet the exact point
of issue, he would have said, the soil on which
hostilities commenced, I declare to be ours. There
are those who say it is not. - ]Now for the proof.
Did he make any such issue? Did he not, in-
stead, make an issue of two affirmatives, and
speak in one part of his message of one river, and
in another part of the other river, leaving all the
intermediate spacc to play upon? After stating
the issue as he had described, the President went
on then with his pioof. He (Mr. L.) had an-
alyzed and classified the vaiious items, facts, and
declarations, which made up the whole proof
brought forward by the President of the correct-
ness of his position.
The first item was, that the western boundary
of Louisiana, as we purchased it of France, was
the Rio Grande.
The next was, that the Republic of Texas al-
ways claimed the Rio Grande to be her western
boundary. Then came a class of declarations, the
amount of which was, that she had always—upon
paper, in her constitution, by forming her con-
gressional districts, in laying out her counties,
collection districts, &c.-^-claimed it to be her west-
ern boundary. And then that a treaty was made
by her with Santa Anna, in which Santa Anna
recognized the Rio Grande as the western bound-
ary of Texas.
Next came a declaration, or a class of declara-
tions, that jurisdiction had been by Texas, or by
the United States since Texas was admitted into
the Union, exercised, not upon the eastern bank
of the Rio Grande, but between the two rivers.
And, lastly, it was declared that the Congress
of the United States understood, at the time Texas
was admitted into the Union, that the boundary
of Texas extended beyond the Nueces.
This was the whole testimony which Mr. Polk
brought forward; and he told us it was a simple
statement of facts, that clearly proved that in march-
ing the army from the Nueces to the Rio Grande
he did not invade the territory of Mexico. He
proposed for a little while to examine this proof,
item by item, for the purpose of showing that it
was not the proof at all which was necessary to
sustain the President in the position which he
took.
First, as to the declaration that the Rio Grande
was the western boundary of Louisiana, as pur-
chased by France. All knew that that purchase
was in 1803; and the President himself told us that
by the treaty of 1819 we sold the land east of the
Rio Grande—to the Sabine, he believed—to Spain.
He wanted to make but a single remark upoji this
point. How the line that divided your land and
mine still remains the dividing line after I have sold
my land to you, was to him past all comprehen-
sion. And how a man, with the honest purpose
of telling " the truth, and nothing but the truth,"
could have ever thought of introducing such a
piece of " proof," was equally incomprehensible.
The next point was, the declaration that the Re-
public of Texas always claimed the Rio Grande
as her western boundary. That was not true in
point of-fact. She did not "always" claim it.
She did claim it, but not always. The constitution
by which she was admitted into the Union—which,
being her last act as a Republic, might be said to
be her " last will and testament," 44 revoking all
others"—made no such claim. But suppose it
were true that she had always claimed it, had not
Mexico always claimed that it was not so? If
Texas had always claimed that the Rio Grande
was her western boundary, had not Mexico always
claimed directly the reveise ? So that it was noth-
ing but claim against claim, and there v/as nothing
proved until you got behind the claims, and saw
which stood upon the best foundation. And what
he here said in reference to these claims of his
was equally applicable to all the President said
about Texas, under her republican constitution,
having always claimed to the Rio Grande; and her
laying out her congressional districts, towns, coun-
ties, &c., all stood on the same ground. You might
just as well say I could get a valid title to your land
by writing a deed and signing it, as to say that Texas
could get the land of another by, at home, including
withm her boundary, upon paper, a certain piece
of territory, when it was itself where she dare not
go. The thing was preposterous!
Next came the declaration that Santa Anna, by
his treaty with the Republic of Texas, recognized
the Rio Grande as the western boundary of Tex-
as. Now, he would just say, if anybody wanted
to be amused by seeing a very little thing called
by a very big namefnet them turn to Niles's Re-
gister, volume 50, page 336, and they would see
the thing that Mr. Polk called a treaty, and would
find it to be a most extraordinary thing, too. It
might be said he referred to a curious place for a
treaty. He should "have thought so, too, on the
start; but lie had tolerable proof that the Presi-
dent himself never saw it except there. It was
not in the State Department; it was there lie got
track of it, from being on the track of the Presi-
dent. He believed, too, that during the first ten
years of itslife.it was never called a "treaty;"
that until it became necessary to dignify it by the
name of " treaty," for the purpose of lending the
President some support, it was never called a
" treaty." Santa Anna, in making it, did not as-
sume to act as a magistrate, or as the authorized
officer of the Republic, but only as commander-in-
chief of her army. He did not recognize the in-
dependence of Texas; he did not stipulate for the
termination of the war; he did not say anything,
from beginning to end, about boundary. All he
did say was to stipulate that the forces of Mexico
should evacuate Texas, passing to the other side
of the Rio Grande. And then by another article
it was expressly stipulated that the Texan forces
should not go withm five leagues—it did not say
of what; but the stipulation being made for the
purpose of preventing a collision between the two
armies, as a matter of course it meant five leagues
from the Rio Grande. Now, it was moststiange,
if this thing was a treaty of boundary, that Texas
should have expressly stipulated in it that her
forces should not go within five leagues of it.
Who ever heard of a nation entering into a treaty
of boundary, and agreeing not to go within five
leagues of the boundary agreed on? The fact was,
it was nothing more or less than an article of
agreement, and it was so called on its own face,
entered into by Santa Anna, by which to get his
liberty. He stipulated tlmt he would not him-
self- take up arms, nor encourage the Mexican
people to do so, during the existing war, leaving
it expressly understood that there was no termina-
tion of the war. Nobody supposed it was a trea-
ty, because it was well known* as it has many
times been stated, that Santa Anna, being a pris-
oner of war at the time, could not have made- a
treaty, if he had tried to do so. But he never in-
tended to make—he never made—any stfch thing.
There was no mark, no characteristic about'it of
a treaty at all.
He next came to notice the declaration-of. the
President, that Texas before annexation, and th.e
United States since annexation, had exercised ju-
risdiction'over the country between the two rivers
—the Nueces and the Rio Grande. This testi-
mony was good as far as it went; but, according to
the President's own admission, it did not go to the
place where it was claimed to go. It pos§ibly
might go there, but it did not by fair implication;
for he did not understand that exercising jurisdic-
tion over territory between two rivers necessarily
implied the exercise of jurisdiction over the whole
territory between them. For instance, he himself
exercised jurisdiction over land between the Wa-
bash and the Mississippi rivers; but, so far .from
his exercising jurisdiction over the whole of the
land between these*two rivers, the lot which he
owned was only one hundred and fifty feet deep,
and fifty feet wide. He knew, then, from actual
experience, that it was possible [a laugh] to exercise
jurisdiction over a piece of land between two rivers
without owning the whole country between them.
And when you come to examine this declaration,
this was just the amount.of it. The President did
not say anything more.
He now came to examine the last of the Presi-
dent's "proofs," viz: that Congress, at the time
they admitted Texas, understood the boundary of
Texas to extend beyond the Nueces. He (Mn$
L.) understood it so. There was no dispute be-
tween them, at least between the President and
him, (Mr. L.,) as to the understanding that Texas
extended beyond the Nueces. He agreed with the
President that it did. But did the President say,
did anybody say, that it extended clear to the Rio
Grande? It might be said, it was true, that there
were people who understood a man could not cross
a river without going all the way to the next river.
That was, at least, a possibility; and he understood
it might be a probability, when it suited the pur-
pose of the person, if there were not in this case a
little matter, called truth, that forbid saying so.
Having now gone through with the examination
of all this testimony—all the different classifica-
tions of it—he wished to remark, that if any man
should show that immediately surrounding the
place where hostilities commenced there was a
peaceable Mexican settlement; that Mexicans had
inhabited there for many years; that they had
never submitted, either by force or by consent, to
the authority of Texas or of the United States,—
rf any man should declare that to be true, there
was nothing to any one message of the President
of the United States that contradicted it; and he
wished the House and the country particularly to
remark the apparent carefulness upon the part of
the President of the United States not to say yea
or nay on that point. In courts of justice he had
often seen, when men were arraigned and defend-
ed by able counsel, the counsel striving to be-
fog the consideration of a point, working round
in some way to divert attention from a point
which they knew they dare not admit, and could
not deny; and if he had ever seen such a case,
here was the evidence of just such another. [A
lau^h.]
He now wished to state briefly what he under-
stood to be the true rule for the purpose of deter-
mining what was the boundary between Texas and
Mexico. In the first place, the President said that
that country belonged to France; we bought it;
then we sold it to Spain; then Mexico revolution-
ized against Spain; and afterwards Texas revolu-
tionized against Mexico, and became the owner
of—something. What, and how much, he was
about to state. She did not purchase it. If she
got it in any way, she got it by revolution; one
of the most sacred of rights—the right which he
believed was yet to emancipate the world; the
right of a people, if they have a government they
do not like, to rise and shake it off. In the exer-
cise of that right, the Texans shook off the Mex-
ican yoke. But how far? Did the nation—did
the people revolutionize by lines ? Certainly not.
