156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
They revolutionized exartiy to the extent that they 1
took part in it. When they rose up and shook off
the old Government, so much of the country was |
theirs. And where were the people that did not 1
rise? They remained with the old Government. \
It was this right of revolution, and u could not be ;
a perfect right if it could not be exercised until <
every individual inhabitant was in favor of it. It ]
would he no right. Minorities must submit to !
majorities.
just such was the case with the Tories in the
American Revolution. They were obliged to sub-
mit to the majority—the great body of the people,
who rose and pin them down by force. Now, he
said, when the Texan people rose up and shook
off the Mexican Government, they put down the
minority among: them who were riot disposed to
go with them and became owners of the soil them-
selves; the country belonged to Texas. But if
there were an isolated portion of people who
took no part in the movement, over whom the
revolutionary party, by force or otherwise, had
never been able to extend their power, then that
people and the country they occupied were not
included within the boundaries of the territory
revolutionized. Xo rule could be more just, mote
republican, more in conformity with natural right.
Why, under the rule that one portion of the peo-
ple have the rieht to rise and shake off their Gov-
ernment, another portion have precisely the same
right to remain as they were. When they rise
up, they have a right to put down the minority.
But if there were on the Rio Grande a portion of
people who had never been disturbed by them—at
least successfully—who had never consented to
go, it seemed to him in violation of common sense
to claim that the people who chose to lemasn there,
and who did remain there notwithstanding all the
# rce that could be brought to bear upon them, be-
longed to the revolutionary government.
That was his understanding of this subject,
and be believed it was the ri^ht understanding.
He had proposed by the resolution he had offered
to get the President of the United States to talk to
the House on this point, which he seemed ex-
ceedingly anxious to avoid. Other people talked
about it; he would like to have the President
do so; and he had framed some interrogato-
ries for this purpose. He (Mr. L.) nosv declared
here, that if ov party zeal, if by listening to rep-
resentations wlwh were erroneous, he had been
induced to suppose what was not true in relation
to this Mexican settlement east of the Rio Grande;
if the President would come forward frankly and
give them facts, not arguments, remembering that
he sits where Washington sat, and answering as
Washington would have answered—remembering
that a nation should not be evaded, that the Al-
mighty would not be—and would show that he
sent the army among a people acknowledging
allegiance to us on the eastern bank of the Rio
Grande,—if he would show this by facts, he (Mr.
L.) would be most happy to reverse his vote. He
would go the other way—would go with him.
But if he could not, or would not; if on any
pretence or no pretence he refused to do it, he
(Mr. L.) should then be fully con\ inced, of what
he more than suspected, that the President was
deeply conscious of being in the wrong in this
matter; that he feit the blood of this war, like
the blood of Abel, was crying from the ground
against him; that originally he must have had
some strong motive—what it was he would not
now stop to inquire—for involving the two coun-
tnes in war; that, having that motive, he had trust- ,
ed to avoid the scrutiny of his own conduct by
directing the attention of the nation, by fixing the ,
public eye upon military gluiy—that rainbow that
rises in showeis of blood—that serpent's eye that
charms but to destroy; and thus calculating, had
plunged into this war, until disappointed as to the
ease by winch Mcxico could be subdued, he found
himself at last he knew not where.
Whoever caiefnlly examined this last message,
would find that, like one in the half insane ex-
citement of a fevered dream, in one place the Pres-
ident slid that Mexico has nothing but Icind; m 1
another p:ut, he expects to support the army by '
m;Iitarv contributions. And again, that the war .
is willed tor the i;'o<>d of Alexieo, to prevent for- ;
eign interference: that it is for the honor ot the
nation, and particularly for security for the future. '
In another place, that, with the exception of ter- ,
ritoruil indemnity, there is nu object for the war;
and, after saying this, he proposes that we should
take by act of Congress ali he asked for indem-
nity last fall, and the whole province of California
besides: take all, according to his own statement,
that we are ^fighting for, and still to fight on ! If
that was really all he wanted, why did it not occur
to him that when we had got it we should stop?
He talked like an insane man. He did not pro-
pgse to give Mexico any credit at all for the coun-
try we had already conquered; he proposed to take
more than he asked last fall, and not give her any
credit, but to fight on.
In another place, we are told that we must have
indemnity for the expenses of the war. It was ■
strange that it did not occur to the President that
it would be a little difficult to get indemnity after
the expenses had transcended in amount the whole
value of her territory. She had nothing but land,
the President told us, and, after we have got all
that, where is the indemnity?
The President says, again, that the national
independence of Mexico is to be maintained. How
to be maintained, after we own all her territory?
How are we to keep up the national independence,
the separate existence of Mexico, after we have
taken all her territory ? And lest it should be
thought by some that he was talking in a specula-
tive dtid not a practical point, he would say that
the President proposed, as appeared from looking
at the map, that v, e should take almost one-half of
the Mexican territory; that was, the unsettled half,
which was certainly worth more than the settled .
half. In the unsettled part, we could establish
land offices, sell the lands, and introduce an Amer-
ican population into the country. But when we"!
came to take the other half, the land already be- i
longed to individuals, and we could derive little
benefit from it; for he believed it was not proposed
to kill the Mexican population, to drive them
out, to confiscate their lands and their property, or
; to make them slaves. How, then, couid we derive
j any benefit from the densely-settled portion? And :
; if we were already entitled to the best half, how ,
i much longer should we prosecute the war before !
i we should be entitled to the worst half? The
■ question, then, was not a speculative, but a prac- '
- tical question, pressing close upon us; and yet the j
i President seemed never to have thought of it at !
ail!
Then, again, in relation to the mode of prose- ,
cutiug the war, or of securing peace, the message
declared that we were to prosecute it more vigor-
ously, until at last it dropped* down in a sort of
desponding tone, and told us that the continued
successes of our arms may fail to secure a satisfac-
tory peace, and perhaps we may wheedle the 1
Mexican people to throw off their rulers and adopt .
our Government. And then4t -concludes that we j
may fail in this, and goes back to the old thing, 1
and recommends a more vigorous prosecution of:
the war, which it was just admitted might fail to '
secure the end desired.
in all this, the Piesident showed himself dissat-
isfied with the conclusions he had(assumed. He
took up one suggestion, and tried to argue us into
it, but argued himself out of it; he then took up
another, and went through the same process, and
returned to rhe first; showing himself dissatisfied
with all, and appearing like a man on a hot shovel,
finding no place on which he could settle down.
[Laughter.]
Again, in relation to the termination of the war, ■
the President nowhere, if he had read the message
right, intimated any opinion as to when this war ,
would come to an end. It did not seem to have '
occurred to him to say anything about tnat. !
Xow, if he remembered right, General Scott was
thrown into disfavor, it nut into disgrace, by the ■
same Administration for intimating, when the war
commenced, that peace could not be conquered in
less than four or live months. It was now more
than twenty months before this last message was
written; it had been prosecuted most vigorously; ,
officers and men had done ali that it was thought
men could do, and hundreds of things never before
dreamt of; and the President, who was so impa-
tient at a veteran officer for having expressed the
opinion that it would take at least four or five ,
months, came to Congress with a long and elabo-
rate. messege, m which he did not even express an
imaginary conception of his own as to when it
would terminate! How was this? Was it not
true, as he had ;said before, that Mr. Polk was lost
—that he did not knowwhere he was—that he did
not know what to do? He was not satisfied with
any position. He forgot to take up the points that
arosemostobviouslyoutofwhathedidsay. All this
went to show that he was most completely bewil-
dered, and he (Mr. L.) should be most happy to
be assured that there was not something about his
conscience that was more harassing than all his
mental perplexities.
Mr. L. having concluded—
Mr. JAMIESON obtained the floor.
The Committee then rose, and the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 12, 1848.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from Elizabeth
A. Mellon, widow of the late Captain Charles Mel-
lon, killed by the Seminole Indians in 1837. The
petitioner tells Congress that " the trifling pittance
of jive years' pension is but a poor remuneration for
the loss to his family in a pecuniary point of view*,
to say nothing of the fireside and domestic circle
made desolate by the bereavement," and earnestly
asks Congress to take immediate and efficient steps
in the premises; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented^ petition from citizens
of Florida, asking the removal of the land office in
the Alachua district from Newnansville to Flem-
ington; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, additional documents in the case of Isaac
Varnes; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the following petitions:
From Mary Wellington and 23 others, earnest-
ly praying Congress to take the necessary steps for
securing an immediate and permanent peace with
Mexico, by withdrawing the troops from her ter-
ritory, restoring to her possession the provinces
which we now occupy, and offering the amplest
atonement in our power for all the wrongs which
may have been inflicted.
Also, from Catharine C. Tenny and 140 other
ladies of Kennebunk, in Maine, praying in the
name of our country, whose resources are dimin-
ished, whose internal harmony is disturbed, and
whose sons are perishing; in the name of bereaved
mothers, wives, and daughters; in the name of our
sex, exposed to insult and outrage; m the name of
our common humanity, which is degraded and
brutalized by war; and in the name of the religion
of Jesus Christ; to put an end to the present ag-
gressive war, by withdrawing the troops and ap-
pointing commissioners of peace.
Also, from Jeremiah Phillips and 149 other in-
habitants of Ohio, asking a speedy termination of
the war.
Also, from Thomas C. Reick and 106 citizens
of Indiana, asking the immediate withdrawal of
our troops from Mexico.
Also, from Seth Hens haw and 106 other citizens
of Indiana, asking that Congress would refuse any
further supplies for the prosecution of the war.
Also, from 318 ladies in Leominster, Massachu-
setts, asking a speedy termination of the war with
Mexico.
Also, a memorial, thirty-six yards in length,
signed by 2,931 ministers and laymen of the Uni-
tarian church, asking the withdrawal of our
troops, making atonement to Mexico for wrongs
inflicted, and for the appointment of commissioners
to make a speedy and permanent peace. The
memorial says:
"Solemnly impressed with the conviction that the ex-
war between the United States and .Mexico is m
violation of the will o(' God, n ho ha5- made of onp blood .ill
nation*; of the Christian religion, whh-h commands for-
bearance. iorgi vene>*. mercv, and love, alike between Sfates
and person*; and the spmt of humanity, which seeks to
unite mankind in universal brotherhood: and. ihcit-fore,
deliberately condemning it and uttering our piotfct against
it« continuance, we, the undesigned, nmn-ter- and lax men
ot the I'nifanan denomination, do. a- ( hri-tmn*, earnestly
pray Con^r'.'.-s and the Exee.itive to tak< w ( e-?nrv str-ps for
securing an immediate and permanent peace w uh Mcmoo,
by withdrawing the tioop-< of tin* nation irom her territorv,
residing to h"r possession the provinces winch we now
occupy, offering the .unplc-t ah>w>in< nt in our power for the
wrongs which may haw been inflicted by us, and appoint-
ing eommi.*sioner* nupow* red to adjust questions in dispute
betweed the two s^tcr Republic.-."
Mr. HA LE, in presenting the lust petition, asked
leave to v a single word. He had bent) requested
1>V the Miners of the memorial to make an expla-
nation, in order to obviate any impression that it
