1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
•was of a sectarian character. It was true that it
was the result of a meeting of the ministers and
laymen of the Unitarian church, but it had been
their desire to obtain the cooperation of other re-
ligious sects, and they regretted that time.had not
allowed the gratification of this desire. They had
consequently been obliged to confine the memorial
to members of their own denomination. As he
had so recently received the indulgence of the Sen-
ate while expressing his views on the subject, he
would not say a word more, except to express his
sincere gratification at being selected to present this
petition. No mark of confidence which had ever
been conferred on him had given him a prouder
satisfaction, whether he looked to the respectability
of the petitioners or the sentiments expressed in
the petition.
The whole of these petitions were then referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported the joint resolution to create a
board to ascertain and determine the amount of
each of the claims of the citizens of the United
States against Mexico, with amendments contain-
ing a proviso that nothing contained in said reso-
lution shall be so understood as makingtheUnited
States answerable for the payment of such claims
or any of them; provided, further, that said board
shall not continue in session more than one year
from the day which may be fixed by the President
for its first sitting.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Jacques Moulon; which
was read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Richard
Bloss and others.
Also, from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of the heirs of Abner L. Duncan.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following bills,
which were read a first time: >
A bill for the relief of Ferdinand Fellany;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole;
- A bill for the relief of Peter Engels, senior.
Mr. J., £rom the same committee, reported ad-
versely on the petition of Geo. Petty.
Also, from the same committee, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
moiial of Mary D. Wade, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affaiis.
Mr. ASHLEY, ftom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of George Lee and
other members of the bar of the western district of
Virginia.
Also, from the same committee, reported a b.ll
to change the time for holding the district courts
of the United Slates in the western district of Vir-
ginia, with amendment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following bills, which were
read a first time:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Jesse D. Elliot;
A bill for the relief of the forward officers of the
late Exploring Expedition;
A bill directing the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase from Doctor J. P. Espy his patent right
for the conical ventilator, for the use of the United
States.
Mr. Y., from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Jesse
Turner; which was read a first time.
Also, from^the same committee, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Commander Wm. M. Glendy.
Mr. CAMERON moved to postpone the pre-
vious orders, with a view to take up the bill for
the relief of William B. Slaughter, late Secretary
of State of the Teiritory of Michigan; which
motion having been agreed to, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, read a third
time by unanimous consent, and passed.
ACQUISITION OF TERRITORY.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Dickinson on the 14th ultimo, came up :
Resolved, That true policy requires the Government of
the United States to strengthen iu poliucai and commercial
relations upon this continent, by the annexation of such
contiguous territory as may conduce to that end, and can
be justly obtained; and that neither in such acquisition nor
m the territorial organization thereot can any conditions be
constitutionally imposed, or institutions be provided foi or
established, inconsistent with the right of the people thereof
to form a free sovereign State, with the powers and piivi-
leges of the original members of the Confederacy.
Resolved, That, in organizing a territoual government
for territories belonging to the United -States, the principles
of self-government upon which our federative system rests
will be best promoted, the true spnit and meaning of the
Constitution be observed, and the Confederacy strength-
ened, by leaving all questionseoneerning the domestic policy
therein to the Legislatures chosen by the people thereof.
Mr. DICKINSON said :
We are admonished by the exigencies of the
times and the prevailing sentiment of the American
people, to strengthen our political and commcrcial
relations upon this continent by the annexation of
such contiguous territory as can be justly obtained,
as well for the positive benefits the acquisition may
confervas to shut out forever, as far as practicable,
the pernicious influences, and impertinent inter-
meddlings of European monarchy. And while the
circumstances under which this policy may pro-
perly be enforced, are too varied and contingent to
be enumerated or suggested, the state of our rela-
tions, both foreign and domestic, demand that it be
fully declared before the world. We have been
compelled by misguided Mexico to resort to the
ultima ratio of nations for an adjustment of griev-
ances. With her capital, her ports, her fortifications
andprincipal townsinourpossession,shespums all
proposals for accommodation, and we have no al-
ternative left, consistent with national spirit or self-
respect, but to retain of the possessions allotted us
by the tribunal of her own selection, ample indem-
nity for the wrongs she has heaped upon our Gov-
ernment and people. But should she in some sane
moment consent to negotiate, she can furnish in-
demnity only m territory, and this Government can
accept of no terms but such as give full compensa-
tion ; so that whether we have peace or war, treaty
or no treaty, the question of territorial acquisition
cannot be avoided. Had we remained at peace
with Mexico, the same policy of acquisition would
sooner or later have been presented; and should a
treaty of peace be negotiated, and a full indemnity
be paid in money, of which there is no prospect,
the question of extending our possessions could
not long be postponed. Although clearly demand-
ed by national interests and almost universally
favored by the American people, this policy has
been embarrassed b^.n element of irritation calcu-
lated to arrest, if rlS defeat it altogether. Some
who profess to favor it, do so only upon condition
that domestic slavery shall be prohibited by Con-
gress in any acquired territory; others, with
marked determination, oppose any increase with
such lestrictions; and both these classes propose to
cooperate with the opponents of acquisition unless
their peculiar views respectively are adopted. jj
Believing that a policy so eminently national i:
should not thus be defeated or put at hazard; that
the legislation of Congress can have little influence
over the domestic regulation of territory; that its
temporary government is a matter of secondary
importance compared with the policy of acquisi-
tion; and that its domestic regulation may be safely
intrusted to those most deeply interested in the
institutions they may establish, I have introduced
these resolutions. They were presented that the
Senate might form and pronounce its judgment
before the country, upon the two great questions
embraced therein, which engage so large a share
of the public consideration. They do not, as is
supposed by some, bring here, with it profitless
discussions and exciting consequences, the vexed
question of slavery, for it was here before them; 1
but they propose to transfer it hence, and leave j(
under the Constitution all questions concerning
the erection or prohibition of this institution in the
territories, to the inhabitants thereof; that its intru-
sion may not hereafter arrest the policy, defeat
the measures, or disturb the councils of the nation.
They were offered m the hope that all who believe i
in the great cardinal principle of freedom—the j
capacity of man for his own government, would !
harmonize conflicting opinions, and unite upon
this common ground of justice and equality.
The people of the original States declared that
to form a more perfect union, establish justice, en-
suredomestic tranquillity, provide for thecommon
defence, promote the general welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty to. themselves and their
posterity, they established the Constitution. Al-
though the Articles of Confederation which gave
place to this instrument, provided-fovr the admis-
sion of Canada to the Union, and the comprehen-
sive terms employed to explain the objects of the
Constitution, show that no #narrow territorial
boundaries were contemplated, it is apparent that
few statesmen at that early period foresaw the
early growth we were destined to attain. .The
wisest and ablest of the time timidly negotiated
for years, at the close of the last century, for the
right of navigating the Mississippi, and proposed
to fix upon that river as the western boundary of
the United States forever.
And in negotiatingfor the territory of Louisiana,
our Government sought to procure only a portion,
and the greatest share was virtually taken upon
compulsion. The policy which from one acquisi-
tion has already given to this Union four sover-
eign States, and holds others in reserve, was at the
time assailed with a virulence and denunciation,
and threats of disunion, which may be profitably
consulted rather than copied by those who are
alarmed by, or propose to repeat, the cry of territo-
rial aggrandizement.
Louisiana, too, was a Spanish province, con-
tained a foreign population, strangers to our form
of government, and was transferred with its peo-
ple from Spain to France, and from France to the
United States, within a few hours; and yet, what
State has been more faithful to the Union, or more
ably represented ?
Territory beyond the Mississippi was then-re-
garded as almost without the pale of probable civ-
ilization, and the expedition of Lewis and Clark
to the mouth of the Columbia, where the mail of
the United States is now regularly distributed, was
hailed as an epoch in the history of North Ameri-
can enterprise and daring.
But the tide of emigration and the course of em-
pire have since been westward. Cities and towns
have sprung up upon the shores of the Pacific, end
the river we essayed to fix as our western, now
passes nearest to our eastern boundary. From
three, our population has increased to twenty mil-
lions—from thirteen, to twenty-nine States, with
others in the process of formation and on their way
to the Union. Two great European Powers have
withdrawn from the continent, yielding us their
possessions; and from the northern lakes to the
Gulf of Mexico, from the St. Lawrence to the
Mississippi, numerous aboriginal nations have
been displaced before the resistless tide of our pre-
vailing arts, arms, and free principles; and who-
ever will look back upon the past, and forward
upon the future, must see, that, allured by the jus-
tice of our institutions, before the close of* the
present century, this continent will teem with a free
population of upwards of a hundred million souls.
Nor have we yet fulfilled the destiny allotted
us. New territory is spread out for us to subdue
and fertilize; new races are presented for us to civ-
ilize, educate and absorb; new triumphs for us to
achievc for the causc of freedom.
North America presents to the eye one great geo-
graphical system, every portion of which, under
the present facilities for communication, may he
made more accessible to every other than were the
original States to each other at the time they form-
ed the Confederacy; it is soon to become the com-
mercial centre of the world. And the period is
by no means remote, when man, regarding his
own wants and impulses, and yielding to the in-
fluences of laws more potent than those which
prescribe artificial boundaries, will ordain that it
shall be united in political as well as natural bonds,
and form but one political system, and that a free,
confederated, self-governed republic, represented
in a common hall in the great valley of the west—
exhibiting to an admiring world the mighty results
which have been achieved for freedom m the west-
ern hemisphere. Then will a more perfect Union
be formed, and justice be established upon endur-
ing foundations—the domestictranquiliityensured,
the common defence be provided for, the general
welfare promoted, and the blessings of liberty se-
cured to posterity.
Our form of government is admirably adapted
to extended empire. Founded in the virtue and
intelligence of the people, and deriving its just
powers from the consent of the governed, its in-
fluences are as powerful for good at the remotest
limits as at the political centre.
We are unlike all communities which have gone
before us, and illustrations drawn from comparing
