158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
us with them, are unjust an() erroneous. The so-
cial order which characterizes our system is as
unlike the military republics of other times, as is
the religion of the Saviour of men to the imposi-
tions of Mahomet. Our system wins by its jus-
tice, while theirs sought to terrify by its power,
Our territorial boundary may span the continent,
our population be quadrupled, and the number of
our States be doubled, without inconvenience or
danger. Every member of the Confederacy would
still sustain itself, and contribute its influences for
the general good-, every pillar would stand erect,
and impart strength and beauty to the edifice. In
matters of national legislation, a numerouspopu-
l&tion,extended territory, and diversified interests,
would tend to reform abuses which would other-
wise remain unredressed, to preserve the rights of
the Stales, and to brins; back the course of legis-
lation from the centralism to which it is hasten-
ing. One-half the legislation now brought before
Congress would be left undone, as it should be: a
large portion of the residue would be presented to
the consideration of State Legislatures; and Con-
gress would ue enabled to dispose of all matters
within the .scope of its legitimate functions with-
out inconvenience m* delay.
The present political relations of this continent
cannot Ions: continue, and it becomes this nation to
be prepared for the change which awaits it. If
the subjects of the British Crown shall consent to
be ruled through all time by a distant cabinet,
Mexico cannot long exist under the misrule of
marauders and their pronunciamentos; and this
was as clearly apparent before as since the exist-
ence of the war. If, then, just acquisition is the
true policy of this Government, as it clearly is, it
should be pursued by a steady and unyielding pur-
pose. and characterized by the sternest principles
of national justice. It should not rashly anticipate
the sreat results which are in progress, or thrust
aside the fruits when they are produced and pre-
sented. The national existence- of Mexico is in
her own keeping, but is more endangered at this
time by her own imbecility and stubbornness—her
national ignoiance and brutality—than from the
war we are prosecuting and all its consequences.
She has been hastening to min for years upon the
flood-tide of profligacy and corruption; and if she
is now rescued, and her downfall arrested and
postponed for a season, it may justly be attributed
to the salutary influences of the chastisement she
has leceived. But a majority of her people belong
to the fated aboriginal races, who can neither up-
hold government or be restrained by it; who flour-
ish only amid the haunts of savage indolence, and
perish under, if they do not recede before, the
influences of civilization. Like their doomed breth-
ren, who were once spread over the several States
of the Union, they aie destined, by laws above
human agency, to give way to a stronger race
from this continent or another. What has been
the national progress of Mexico? When our pop-
ulation was three millions, hers was five: and
when ours is twenty, hers is eight: and while we
have attained the highest rank among the nations
of the eai th. she has fallen so low that there is little
left to wound her feelings or degrade her character.
She has existed as an independent government, if
her fretful and confused being may be thus digni-
fied, almost a quarter of a century, and has changed
her government by military revolution, during that
period, as many times as she has existed years.
She has an extended and somewhat populous
territory, without an authouzed government or
the means of instituting one, or the virtue or intel-
ligence to uphold it. The rights of her people are
ill defined and worse protected. She has now
neither army or navy, or means of national defence
—no tieasury or system of ievenue. She has na-
tional antipathies and resentments, but neither
national spirit nor national virtue; and has thus
far dialed out her wretched existence, like the
cn&le of mythology chained to the rock, gnawing
at hrr own vifals. Pier valuable mines, rich agn-
eiiUrra! regions, and Pacific harbors, present a
tempting occasion for European rapacity to revive
upon this continent their execrable proposal to
regulate the balance of power, in iuitherance of
which, England has already commenced seizing
upon South American possessions.
And should our army now be withdrawn, leav-
ing her deluded people" the prey of the ferocious
sbpiuts who have hastened her downfall, we may
aspect to &ce some supernumerai y of the House
of Bourbon placed at their head to play automa-
ton to the British Cabinet. The policy of extend-
ing our jurisdiction over any portion of Mexican
territory, is a question between Europe and Amer-
ica—between monarchy and freedom—and not
between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico; and we should not hesitate to extend our
protection to such provinces as are held by us in .
undisturbed possession now, and patiently await
the development of the future. Should the pro-
gress of events, without injustice on our part, open
to the enterprise of our citizens the rich mining
and agricultural districts of that country, and in-
fuse among this semi-barbarous people the bless-
ings of civilization; should the valuable trade
which has been monopolized by England bp en-
joyed by the States, and our mint com the money
of the world; and should a passage across the
Isthmus be obtained, placing the mouth of the
Columbia within two weeks sail of New Orleans,
and valuable Pacific harbors permanently secured,
so indispensable to the protection of our vast trade
m that sea, and our settlements upon that coast,
there would be no occasion for lamentation or
alaim. The day is not far distant when all this
and much more will be realized, through a process
as fixed and unyielding as the laws of gravitation.
And whenever the period which determines whether
entire Mexico shall come within the jurisdiction
of the United States, or become a colonial depend-
ant upon European power, the duty of this Govern-
ment will admit of neither doubt or hesitation.
But we have the question of territorial extension
directly presented for our consideiation. The Pres-
ident, in his annual message, recommends that the
provinces of New Mexico and California, now
quietly held by us, be permanently retained as in-
demnity, and subjected to the civil jurisdiction of
the United States. Upon this just recommenda-
tion of the Executive we shall soon be called to
act; and while the great mass of the American
people will approve the suggestion, some will crave
our sympathies while they mourn over what they
are pleased to term the " dismemberment of Mex-
ico." Let those who may, indulge this misplaced
and sickly sentiment. Such of the Mexican people
as may have the good fortune to fall within our
jurisdiction, should it be the entire population, will
be objects of envy rather than of commisseration,
and may regard it as a special interposition of
Providential favor. They will find a repose which
they have never experienced-and a protection for
life, hbeity, and piopeity,*fco which they are
strangers. They would exchange a lawless and
irresponsible despotism for a government of opin-
ion; wild and debasing habits for rational civiliza-
tion; the precarious subsistence of savage life for
the wholesome Rewards of productive industry;
the devastations of war for the arts of peace. Our
Government would rear in their midst the genial
influences of equality, and secure to the hand of
industry the bread of its earning. It would elevate
their condition m the scale of moral and social
being, and infuse amongst them the vigilance and
manly spirit which actuates our people. It would
leave them with all just relations to each other,
enjoymg the religion they veneiate, and the altars
where they are wont to worship. To them, the
consequences of a "dismemberment" would be
such as were experienced by the inhabitants of
Louisiana and Florida, when France and Spain
were respectively " dismembered" of these fertile
territories. Russia " dismemberad" Poland, that
the order of despotism might reign at Warsaw.
But America " dismembered" monarchy, that
the blessings of civil liberty mi^ht be extended
upon the continent. While the object of the
Government is not "dismemberment,5' our troops
cannot be withdrawn without fatal consequences,
and deep and lasting dishonor: and if Mexico per-
sists in her coursc of blind injustice, the results are
easily anticipated. The war with Mexico is not
a war of conquest. Conquests were not its ob-
jects; and yet, they may be amongyt its fortunate
incidents. A nation engaged in war may, by the
law of nations, rightfully conquer all the territory
it can subdue, and hold it as its own. So much
are conquests deemed the property of the con-
queror, that when a treaty of peace is made, the
territory conquered is deemed the property of the
conqueror, unless the treaty stipulates for the sur-
render; nor does this conquest extinguish a debt
due the conqueror before the commencement of the
war. The conquests we have gamed m Mexico
are ours, without yielding to her any equivalent.
We have won the sovereignty over them honestly,
fairly, and legally, by the law of nations; and in
treating with her, she is entitled to just what we
may think proper to give her for relinquishing her
right to re-conquer them, and it is worth just what
good judgment may dictate. And whenever she
proposes to treat upon this principle, we are mor-
ally bound to treat with her. We cannot virtu-
ously continue the war for the mere purpose of
making further conquests; but we can virtuously
continue it to the subjection of the whole of Mex-
ico, if she will not make peace with us upon just
and honoiable terms, or, if we choose, upon such
terms as shall have due reference to the territory
We have acquired by conquest. The question of
boundary was a fair subject of negotiation. We
proposed negotiation, which she refused. She
proifered war, which we accepted, and she has no
right to complain of the result of the issue she
herself tendered us, and we have a right to enjoy
what the chances of war have thrown into our
hands. The disparity of force has been in her
favor. What we could have brought into the field
has had no influence in producing results. The
strength was immeasurably on her side, when,
upon her own soil, her population, or even her
forces in the field, are compared with our invading
army. Under like circumstances, when we were
only three millions strong, we contended success-
fully against the power of Great Britain; and Spain
contended in like manner against the forces of Na-
poleon.
Neither national justice nor national morality
requires us tamely to surrender our Mexican con-
cjuests; nor should such be the policy of the Gov-
ernment, if it would advance the cause of national
freedom, or secure its enjoyment to the people of
Mexico. But, whatever may be the policy touch-
ing Mexican conquests, we cannot, if we would,
restore New Mexico and California to that Gov-
ernment, for the reason that they will not be re-
stored. The laws which control the policy of ter-
ritorial acquisition are beyond the control of legis-
lation. Fountains of tears may be shed over the
dismemberment of Mexico; supplies to our gal-
lant army may be refused, and it may be called
back from its field of glory, or compelled to re-
treat therefrom to a " defensive line, or be dis-
banded and dismissed; and the people holding
these provinces will not consent to go where there
is only anarchy, violence, and oppression. Give
back those provinces! As welt return to Great
Britain what was once her colonial possessions;
give back Louisiana to France, Florida to Spam,
Texas to Mexico.
Neither the solemnities of legislative enactments
nor the sanctions of the treaty-making power can
compel them to return; and if it is attempted by
strength of arms, it will require a greater force
than has yet been engaged in the Mexican war.
These provinces are ours by every principle of
justice and of international law. They have been
purchased upon the battle-fields of Mexico by a
bravery which finds no parallel in the history of
mankind. The consideration has been too dearly
paid, and our title-deeds are written m the best
blood of our sons. Let, then, the laws of human-
ity and peace be extended over them, and they
dedicated forever to the causc of freedom.
The principle declared by the last clause of the
first resolution, that no conditions can be constitu-
tionally imposed upon any territorial acquisition,
inconsistent with the right of the people thereof
to form a free, sovereign State, with the powers
and privileges of the members of the Confederacy,
I deem too obvious for serious argument. What-
ever laws Congress may constitutionally enact for
the regulation of the ten (tones of the United States,
are subject to be altered or repealed at pleasure.
The ancient I?tedes and Persians declared their
edicts unalterable; but no such power is vested in
the American Congress; and those who propo.se to
have it enact '• unalterable find fundamental" laws,
employ terms which, if they have duly consider-
ed, they do not comprehend. Every State admit-
ted to the Union, fiom the moment of its admis-
sion, enjoys all the rights of sovereignty common
to every other member of the Confederacy. The
State const!tui ion carries along with it Us own defi-
nitions of sovereignty, and if any State is prohibit-
(d fiom all the rights of every other, then it is not
a sovereign State. If u is admitted with a consti-
tution authorizing domestic slavery, it may change
