1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
its constitution so as to prohibit it at its pleasure.
If its constitution at the time of its admission pro-
hibits slavery, it may change so as to authorize it,
and this, too, regardless of any legislation upon the
subject by Congress or otherwise, before its ad-
mission to the Union. In other words, every State,
after its admission, may, in virtue of its own sov-
ereign power, establish or abolish this institution,
whatever may have been the conditions imposed,
or attempted to be imposed, upon it during its ter-
ritorial existence.
The second resolution declares that the principle
of self-government upon which the federative sys-
tem rests will be best promoted, the true spirit and
meaning of the Constitution be observed, and the
Confederacy strengthened, by leaving all questions
concerning the domestic regulation of territory to
the legislatures chosen by the people thereof.
It must be conceded by all, that Congress has
do inherent power over this subject, and no more
right to legislate concerning it than the British Par-
liament, unless such authority is delegated by the
Constitution. The only clause of the Constitution
which is supposed to confer upon Congress the
right to legislate for the people of territory, is as
follows :
"The Congress t-ha.II have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property beJouging'to the United States," &c.
In providing legislation for the District of Co-
lumbia, and for places occupied by the Govern*
mentof theUnited Statesforfortificationsand other
erections required by the public service, the Con-
stitution thus confers the power upon Congress:
" To exercise exclusive legislation 111 all cases whatever,
in such district (not exceeding ten miles squai e) as may by
cetsiou of particular States, and the acceptance of Con-
gress-, become the seat of the Government of the United
States, and to exercise like authority over all pJacos pur-
chased by the consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the. same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other neediul buildings "
By the clause of the Constitution first above
cited, it is evident that territory is mentioned in its
material, and not in its political sense, for it is
classed with " other property,'' and Congress is
authorized to dispose of and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting both. In the other sec-
tion they are separated, and Congress is authorized
to legislate over all places occupied for public
structures, but no such authority is extended to
territory. The language of the Constitution is that
of great precision—free from repetition—and every
word was well weighed m its positive and relative
sense. And if its framers had supposed the phrase
"needful rules and legulations authorized legis-
lation over places belonging to the United State*,
and used for public seivice, they would scarcely
have authoiized legislation over such places in ex-
press language m another section. Again, in pro-
viding legislation for the District of Columbia,
Congress is authorized to "exerciseexclusive legis-
lation" over it. Now, if the words <s needful
rules and regulations" were deemed proper and
apt language to confer legislative authority over
the internal affairs of a territory, why were they
not employed to authorize legislation over the Dis-
trict? And to reverse the order of the inquiry, if
it was intended to confer upon Congress the power
to legislate over territory, why was it not given in
the same express terms as in authorizing legisla-
tion for the District? From this view, there is little
doubt that a strict construction would deny to Con-
gress the right to legislate for the domestic affairs
of the people of territory without their'consent.
Congress has, however, upon various occasions,
excrcised legislative power over the subject, espe-
cially in incorporating into the law organizing ter-
ritories the pio\isions of the ordinance of 1787;
and this has been acquiesced in by the people of
the territory. This ordinance was framed under
the old Confederacy, for the government of the
4 Northwestern Territory, and the sixth article for-
bade slavery or involuntary servitude therein. Its
validity has often been questioned, and its passage
was pronounced by Mr. Madison to be " without
the least color of constitutional law." But whether
authorized or not, having been passed before the
adoption of the Constitution, the act has no au-
thoiity as a precedent for like practice under it.
In erecting territorial governments since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, the action of Congress has
not been uniform. In organizing the Northwest-
ern Territories, the provisions of the ordinance
relating to slavery have been extended to some,
and withheld from others standing in the same
geographical relation to the States, and such forms
of organization as have been proposed by Con-
gress have met with general acquiescence. But
this has neither given the right to Congress nor
taken it from the people of the territory. The
Missouri compromise cannot be regarded as an
ordinary act of legislation, upon $e majority prin-
ciple. It wa3 rather in the nature of a compact,
not adopted as such to be sure, but assented to or
acquiesced in by all the States through their rep-
resentatives in Congress or otherwise. Whether
it has force in the Territories or not, depends upon
the construction of the Constitution already dis-
cussed; but it has no binding force upon a State
beyond that of moral obligation. In the annexa-
tion of Texas, the Missouri compromise line was
extended by a majority vote; but it was disregard-
ed by that State in her domestic organization, nor
has any department of the General Government or
any other power, save her own people, any con-
trol over it. This furnishes a practical illustration
of the value of "unalterable" provisions by Con-
gress in the organization of territory. It is not
denied that if the people of the territory acquiesce
in, or adopt the form of domestic government pro-
posed for them by Congress, it becomes their own,
Slaving all the force of law until they " alter or
abolish it." But this gives to Congress no consti-
tutional right to enforce Us legislation upon the
people of the Territories against their will, and
much less does it prohibit the people of the State
in embryo, from exercising their own inherent
right of sovereignty in their domestic affairs.
The resolution declares that the domestic policy
of the people of a Territory should be left with
them; and if that power resides 111 Congress, as is
contended, it should be delegated to the people of
| the Territory, and be exercised by them.
j From the Declaration of Independence to the
1 adoption of the Constitution, every act of those
i who erected our system of goverment indicates a
prevailing confidence in the capacity arid integrity
of the people, and a lively distrust of delegated
power; and if we permit ourselves to depart from
the letter of the Constitution in search of its true
spirit and meaning, we should keep steadily in
view this great popular and controlling feature.
But it is not my purpose to discuss further the ab-
stiact right of Congress to legislate upon this
subject.
Whatever power may or may not rest m Con-
gress under the Constitution, that instrument could
not take from the people of territories the right to
prescribe their own domestic policy; nor has it at-
tempted any such office. Tiie principles declared
by this resolution are older and stronger than writ-
ten laws and paper constitutions—principles which
lie at the foundation of free institutions, and from
which laws and constitutions emanate—inculcating
the doctrine that the inherent, original power of
self-government was derived by man from the Sov-
ereign of the universe; and that government is the
creature of man, and not man the creature of gov-
ernment.
The republican theory teaches that sovereignty
resides with the people of a State, and not with
its political organization; and the Declaration of
Independence recognizes the right of the people to
alter or abolish and re-construct their government.
If sovereignty resides with the people and not with
the organization, it rests as well with the people
! of a Territory, in all that concerns their internal
; condition, as with the people of an organized
; State. And if it is the right of the people, by vir-
! tue of their innate sovereignty, to " alter or abol-
: ish," and re-construct their government, it is the
; right of the inhabitants of Territories, by virtue of
j the same inborn attribute, in all that appertains to
| their domestic concerns, to fashion one suited to
j their condition. And if, in this respect, a form of
j government is proposed to them by the Federal
1 Government, and adopted or acquiesced in by
| them, they may afterwards alter or abolish it at
; pleasure. Although the government of a Territory
! has not the same sovereign power as the govern-
! ment of a State in its political relations, the people
j of a Territory have, in all that appertains to their
1 internal condition, the same sovereign rights us the
people of a State. While Congress may exercise
its legislation over territory so far as is necessary
to protect the interests of the United States, the
legislation for the people should be exercised by
them under the Constitution.
The mental -and..physical organization of man
teaches that he is better fitted-for self-goyemment
than for the government of his neighbor; and if
he is incapable of discharging this duty to himself,
he should not be intrusted with the destiny of
others.
That system of government—whether tempora-
ry or permanent, whether applied to States, prov-
inces, or territories—is radically wrong, and, has
within itself all the elements of monarchical op-
pression, which permits the representatives of one
community to legislate for the domestic regulation
of another to which they are not responsible;
which practically allows New York and Massa-
chusetts, and other Atlantic States, to give local '
laws to the people of Oregon, Minesota, and Ne-
braska, to whom and whose interests, wishes, and
condition, they are strangers.
Nor is this objection raised here for the first
time. Prominent in the catalogue of grievances
alleged by our fathers against the British king and
his ministers, was one " for suspending our own
legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with
power to legislate for us."
Whenever or wherever a community of indi-
viduals have been subjected to the dominion of
some external Authority, it has been upon the plea
of necessity—the same plea by which tyrants and
usurpers have justified their enormities from the
foundation of the world.
The genius of the federative system is self-gov-
ernment. It is the foundation upon which the ark
of our political safety rests. Our fathers proclaimed,
that to secure the inalienable rights vouchsafed to
man, governments were instituted, deriving their,
just power from the consent of the governed; that
whenever any form of government becomes de-
structive of these ends, it is the right of the people
to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new gov-
ernment, laying its foundation on such principles,
and organizing its powers in such form, as to them
shall seem most likely to effect their safety and
happiness.
All experience has indicated man's capacity for
the exercise of this exalted attribute, and wherever
civilized and intelligent men have been cast together
without the benefit of conventional forms of gov-
ernment, they have proceeded to enact them.
They who planted the germ of a powerful empire
upon the Pilgrim's rock before landing from the
Mayflower, drew up and signed the following
model charter of liberty:
" Having undertaken for the glory of God, and theadvai c
ment of the Christam faith, and the honor and being 01 our
country, a voj age to plant the Hist colony iu the noithern
pait of Yiiginia, we do bv* the?e presents., solemnlv and mu-
tual h , in the piesence of God, and of one anothei, covenant
and combine ourselves, together into a civil body politic, tor
oui bettei ordering, and preservation, ami (ui tiicraneo ol the
ends aforesaid. And by virtue heieof, do enact, con-titute,
and fiame such ju^t and equal laws, 01 dinance.-, acts, consti-
tution^, and officers from time to time as shall be thought
most meet and convenient I01 the geneial good of the colo-
ny; unto which we promise all due submission and obedi-
ence."
And the inhabitants of Oregon, three thousand
miles distant, in the absence of that guardiair care
which Congress has been wont to extend to other
territories nearer ihc political centre, established
and have in successful operation a provisional gov-
ernment, in which, of their own volition, without
the assistance of ''ordinances," "provisos," or
" unalterable fundamentalarticles," they prohibit-
ed domestic slavery throughout the territory.
The great experiment of self-government has
been fairly tried, and has either succeeded or fail-
ed. If it has taught that, after all, man, by reason
of inherent defects of character, is incapable of its
successful exercise except in populous communi-
ties matured by age, and that he must remain in
pupilage until that season has arrived, we should
boast no more that the mysterious problem of hu-
man government has been solved, hut read the
Declaiation of Independence backwards, and cause
the clause which proclaims that gratifying truth,
to beexpunged, or amended by a "proviso." We
should acknowledge the theory of free government
to be a fable; that the darkness of the human in-
tellect has been found to predominate, and that the
gloomy sophisms of the timid, and the malignant
speculations of the envious, have prevailed.
I have already shown that the whole structure
of our system favored the idea of domestic gov-
ernment by the people of territories; that it was
their right, and the question is fully presented,
whether, in view of .their capacity for its judicious
