1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .■GliQBEfc'
167
tare negotiation between the two countries. I
have heretofore communicated to Congress all the
correspondence of the Minister of the United States
to Mexico, which, in the existing state of our rela-
tions with that Republic, can, in my judgment, be
at this time communicated without serious injury
to the public interest.
Entertaining this conviction, and with a sincere
desire to furnish any information which may be
in possession of the Executive Department, and
which either House of Congress may at any time
request, I regard it to be my constitutional right
and my solemn $uty, under the circumstances of
this case, to decline a compliance with the request
of the House contained in their resolution.
JAMES K. POLK.
[The reports from the Secretary of State, Secre-
tary of War, and the Secretary of the Navy, with
the accompanying documents, mentioned in the
above message, will be found in the Appendix to
the Congressional Globe.]
The reading of the message having been conclu-
ded—
Mr. GOGGIN moved that it be laid on the table
and printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved its refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. GOGGIN, after a moment's conversation,
withdrew the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama renewed it.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, demanded the
yeas and nays on this question; which \vere or-
dered.
The SPEAKER suggested, that in order to
avoid difficulty, 'if there were no objection, the
question would be divided, so as to be taken upon
laying on the table and upon printing separately.
This suggestion was acquiesced in; and the
question to lay on the table was announced to be
first in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired of the Chair, as a
question of order, if, after the question to lay on
the table was taken, it would then be in order to
move an amendment to the motion to print.
The SPEAKER replied, that as the question on
printing would be an entirely separate question, he
would suggest that the question of order would
rather relate to it than to the present question.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, rose and in-
quired of the Chair if the motion to lay on the
table was debatable ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not; but
that after it had been taken, the question would
come up on the motion to print, and that would
be debatable.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, I hope it will not be laid
on the table The President of the United States,
as I understand, in his message denies the right of
this House to the information which they have
called for.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Massachusetts that he could only proceed in his
remarks, while the motion to lay on the table was
pending, by the general consent of the House;
and he repeated, that the motion to print would
come up after this was disposed of, and would be
debatable.
Mr. ASHMUN made a point of order, whether
debate could not procecd while the motion to lay
on the table and print was pending, as the motion
to print of itself was debatable?
The SPEAKER expressed the opinion that
debate was not in order, and stated his reasons
therefor.
Mr. HOUSTON, at the suggestion (he said) of
some of his friends around him, withdrew the mo-'
tion to lay on the table.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Smith to refer to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs and print—
Mr. ADAMS rose and spoke briefly as follows;
Mr. Speaker : The state of my voice is such
that it is not in my power to make to this House
the observations which I should otherwise have
felt it my duty to make upon this case. I will
state, sir, that the reason why I have felt it my
duty to take this course is, that I consider it a
novel thing, and a thing affecting the rights of this
House, and of the constituency of this Housje—the
people of the United States. It denies, sir, as I
understand it, the power, the constitutional power
of this House to call for that information. I be-
lieve it is the first time in the history of this Union
that it has been denied. In the case to which the
President refers, when a call was made upon Pres-
ident Washington, there was (as the message now
states) an exception for cases which he might think
not proper to be inquired into at the time.
Now, sir, the President has not added what was
the action of the House upon that; and the action
of the House was in direct opposition, to the re-
sistance of President Washington to their call.
The House formally declared—and I wish the
Journal might be looked to to see—the House for-
mally declared, against President Washington,
their right to call for such information. That was
their action ; and, as far as I know—although the
very memory of Washington, by everybody in
this country, at this time, (and by none more than
myself,) is reverenced next to worship—the Pres-
ident was wrong in that particular instance, and
went too far to deny the power of the House; and
as to his reasons, I never thought they were suffi-
cient in that case. And 1 have always been of the
opinion, and giostassuredly that has been the
opinion of the Democratic party, to which I do
not profess to belong, [a laugh,] they have unani-
mously disapproved of that act of President Wash-
ington, as interfering with the rights'of this House,
and of their constituents, the people of the United
States.
I say I cannot enter into an argument upon this
subject; but I consider it of such importance that
I am certainly indisposed to lay this message upon
the table. I desire it may be printed; that it may
go to the whole country; that it may be decided
upon by the people.as well as by this House. I
think this House ought to sustain, in the strongest
manner, their light to call for information upon
questions in which war and peace are concerned,
i'hey ought to maintain their right, and maintain
it in a very distinct manner, against this assertion
on the part of the President of the United States.
Now, I should be perfectly satisfied to refer the
message to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
whatever my feelings may be in respect to their
firmness in resisting this claim set up on the part
of the President of the United States. If the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs will take it, and will ex-
amine the Constitution of the United States, its
principles, the history of the administration of the
Government from that time to the present, and will
make a report upon it, I shall be satisfied. As to
a select committee,I shall be perfectly satisfied that
a select committee should be appointed by the
Speaker, instead of referring it to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. And, as a mark of respect to
the President of the United States, I should go for
a select committee, provided I am not to be a mem-
ber of it myself.
1 theiefoie myself, in the first place, hope thata
select committee, of which I shall not be a mem-
ber, will be appointed; and if that is not in con-
formity with the opinion of a majority of this
House, that it shall be referred to the Committee
on For*gn Affairs. All the messages of the Presi-
dent are usually referred.
1 should say much more, sir, if I had the power.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said he did not propose
to discuss this question, or to say five words upon
it at this time. He hoped the suggestion of the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ad-
ams] would prevail, and that a select committee
would be appointed, and the honorable gentleman
be made thechairman thereof.
Mr. K. rose to make the motion to refer the
message to a select committee, if it had not already
been made by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
first in order would be on the reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; if that was negatived,
the next question would be on referring to a select
committee.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said he had
no objection to the message going to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs or to a select committee; but
! he had a very great objection, after the remarks
j made by the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts—whose authority upon this subject would
, carry great weight—that it should go to that com-
j mittee prejudged.
! That gentleman hag remarked that the President
I had taken high ground, and he admitted that it
1 was no more than the ground taken by General
Washington. But to avoid any conclusion that
might bedrawn from that high precedent, the ven-
erable gentleman endeavored to negative that
authority,.and produce in' array against it the de-
cision of the then Democratic House of Represent-
atives, who unquestionably did negative,'as far as
they could, the authority of that great character.
He would to God that the President of the United
States, in every act that he might in future do,
should have not only as good- authority, but as
sterling reasons as for what this day he had had
the resolution and magnanimity to -do;; If the'
name of Washington, independent of the mighty-
associations that war had thrown around him, ac-
quired-any'additional lustre in the administration
of civil life, it was for the noble stand he took in
defence of the prerogative of the Executive on two
great occasions—the one when, in issuing his
proclamation at a time when the Democracy were
in phrensy to precipitate us in mighty conflict
with France, he had to breast himself to the storm
to save the country from its impending peril; the
other, upon an occasion when the House of Rep-
resentatives demanded to know from him all the *
secret negotiations that transpired respecting the
treaty of Mr. Jay, and he firmly stood up against
denunciations the most violent, and which would
have been overwhelming to any other man,
against Executive power that ever came down upon
any man in this country. And if President Polk
had not acted as he had; if he had revealed to this
House, when there was war between the two. na-
tions, all the correspondence, which was secret in
its very nature, which might again be necessary to
be carried on for a similar purpose; if he had given
up the power with which the Constitution had in-
vested the Executive, he would have withdrawn
from himself, and the country, perhaps, one of the
surest means of restoring peace, by means of pri-
vate persons, or by men at the head of or connect-
ed with the Government of Mexico. It was well
known that he was no admirer of the President in
many respects; but he was an admirer of the ad-
mirable balances iiTthe Constitution—the preroga-
tives of this House, of the other House, and of the
Executive—each designed for independent action,
and in imitation of nature's laws, by their very an-
tagonism producing harmony. Upon this occasion,
if upon no other, he (Mr. H.) gave him the meed
of his admiration.
Mr. SCHF.NCK said they were upon a trial of
right, which ne, for one, should like to see carried
out to a fair conclusion, between the President and
the Representatives of the people of the United
States. The House asked him for certain corre-
spondence, and for the instructions to Mr. Slidell,
late Minister to Mexico. They had been advised
again and again that in that correspondence, in
those instructions—at least in what took place
under those instructions between our Government
and the Government of Mexico—was to be found,
in a great degree at least, the justification of the
war. The President came and asked supplies—
men and money to carry on this war—to maintain
him in the position, he said, of honorable fair-
dealing towards Mexico, with whom we were at
war; and as the justification, they were told, was
to be found in connection with the history of this
portion of the war, they inquired of him whether
or not he could give them light upon this subject;
and he declined to do so, and declined upon the
pretext that by it would be made public to the-
country and to Mexico the matters in relation to
the passport of Santa Anna and the instructions of
Mr. Slidell. The 111th rule of this House provided
as follows; and he wished it to be read by the
Clerk;
"Whenever confidential communications are received
from the President of the United States, the House shall he
cieared of all persons, cxccptthe membeis, clerk, sergeant-
at-arm?, and doorkeeper, and so continue during the read-
ing ofsuch communications,and (unless otherwise directed
by the House) during all debates and proceedings to be had
thereon.55
If the President of the United States (continued
Mr. S.) had been willing to trust the Representa-
tives of the peopleof thelJnited States,there would
have been no difficulty about this communication.
He could have marked it " confidential;" then it
would have been the duty of the Speaker to have
advised the House that it was a confidential com-
munication, and to have had the House cleared of
all persons except the members and officers, while
they took up the subject of the information which
was necessary for their wise and judicious action
in time of war. ,
What said the President of the United States?
He did not allude at all to the fact that he might
