168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
have made it confidential if he chose to do so; he ,j Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose, but said he
flatly, positively refused to make any commumca- should not detain the House with any lengthened
tion: and that in the face of the fact that he niight remarks. He desired, however, to reply to some
have made it confidential. He said, in almost di- remarks, as he understood them, of the gentleman
rect terms, to^the Representatives of the people, jj from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams;] for indeed he
did not hear them very distinctly, from the posi-
'tion which he occupied.
But first he would say a word respecting the re-
You are not fit to be trusted with the question
whether this should be kept secret or not; all that
you have to do is to vote what appropriations I
ask; do you Itap in the dark, at my bidding, and
what 1 teil you do you take as a settled fact no
longer to be made question of. He (Mr. S.) held
that the Representatives of the people of the Uni-
ted States, that Congress, when called upon to
carry on a war, ought to have all the light which
the President or all the departments could give;
and that to deny this was to make a direct issue
between the President of the United States and the
Representatives of the United States, as to their
capacity of judgment upon such subjects. They
were here, in time of war, called to carry it on—
either to carry it on ■nith a " vigorous prosecu-
' marks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
| who seemed to desire to know from the President
' something of the character of the war which they
i were called upon to prosecute. Now, with what
sort of grace did that coine from ti member of this
House who had already voted under the solemn ij
obligations of ail oath that the war was commenced ; |
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally? At an ear- j;
, lier period, the gentleman from Ohio might with ij
- some propriety have asked for information, but
the time was past; the gentleman from Ohio had
taken his course; and now, so far as information
was concerned, that gentleman might be given
. ({° use a fav°rite phrase of the President over to hardness of heart and reprobateness of
and his friends,) or in that way which would lead ' mind.
most speedily to ail honorable peace; but while < He desired now, for a moment, to compare this
they were asking to know all about the history of question, which was at present occupying the
this war, in order that tney might form the best , attention of the House, with that to which allusion
and soundest judgment as to the course which they Kas made by the President of the United States
ought to pursue, they were met by the Executive, Jn the message on the Speaker's table, and on
saymg that this was not the thing for them to do; j which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
that all they had to do was to hear his royal be- •, Adams] had this day commented. The gentleman
hests, and make this place a " bed of justice," from Massachusetts—though he confessed he had
like the old French Parliament, in which nothing .. not heard him very distinctly—contended that the
else was necessary except to register his royal ! case now before the House differed from that which
edicts. He (Mr. fe.) was not willing thus to leap v. occurred during the Presidency of General Wash-
in the dark; thus tamely to obey Executive order. jngton in this: that the call on President "Washing-
If the information was of a delicate nature, if it j ton was not mandatory, but was submitted to his
was not to be made public, tne President knew r discretion to decide upon what papers he would
that the Representatives of the people v/ould have : communicate to the House. He repeated that he
judgment enough to know it—to know that die , ^id not hear the gentleman from Massachusetts
two hundred members of this body were as well r verv distinctly, but such was his understanding of
qualified as he to judge whether the interests ofwhat the gentleman from Massachusetts had said,
the country would be advanced or not by keeping and if his impressions were not erroneous, he
tms matter secret and confidential. But, he says, ; would say a word or two in reply.
" you are not able to keep tnis matter; you do not After pausing for a few moments, Mr. Houston
deserve to na\e it; \ou are not of the character ! proceeded. The gentleman from Massachusetts
winch warrants me in giving it to you, and tnere- , had not corrected him, and hence he assumed that
lore, thou^nt I migh make it confidentially, I will ' '
not make it all.'
Who is there here (asked Mr. S.) who is ready
to " goit blind Who is there so craven and mis-
erable, so destitute of the spirit of a freeman, or a
representative of freemen, as to be willing to crawl
to the throne, and say to this monarch, we recog-
nize the propriety of your orders—teh us what
you want, we are ready to give it to you; we are
ready to take from you our instructions, and to go
with you in all matters of appropriations you may
see fit to require, asking no questions? "He was
he was not mistaken. He would read to the House
the resolution which constituted the call on Presi-
dent Washington, to see if that call was not as
mandatory as the call upon Mr. Polk:
"Resolved, That the President of the United Sfites he
requested to iay before this Hou-e a copy ot' the insti uetions
to the ^inn-tor of tin; United States, who negotiated the
treaty with the Kins ot Grfat Britain, (communicated 1-y
his message of the first instant.) together \\ ith the coires-
pondence and other doeuments'relative to the said treaty;
excepting such of the said papers as any existing negotiation
may render improper to be disclosed."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called the attention of
not willing. He wanted to exercise his judgment; j the gentleman from Alabama to an authority which
he wanted to know all the facts; to know as much !« he held in his hand, which was understood to be
as the Executive knew. He wanted him compelled ! Marshall's Life of Washington, on the subject in
to give the information to the Representatives of .> question.
the people, or else that the Representatives of the Mr. HOUSTON continued. He said *ne read
people take such a stand as would ultimately bring j from the Journal, which gave ample information
him to terms,
He denied that the precedent of Washington's
administration was applicable here. It was an
evasion of the question. Here was an absolute
denial of all information whatever.
It was a trial, he repeated, between the power
of the Representatives and the rights and privileges
of the Representatives of the people to vote and
act judiciously and understamlingly, by reason of
having all the facts before them; and the President,
who denied to them the right to have the facts, in-
formation and light, said they had nothing to do
but to act in the dark and grant such supplies as
he demanded. He was glad the issue had been
made. He hoped the subject would not be referred
to any standing committee, but that a select com-
mittee would be raised for the purpose of inquir-
ing specially into this matter, u hir.h did not belong
peculiarly to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
or to any standing committee, but referred to the
privileges of the whole House; to the rights of the
Representatives of the people; to a question be-
tween two coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment, unnecessarily, and, he must think, almost
insultingly, made by the President againat this
House, and involving the rights of the whole peo-
ple. A select committee should be raised, and the
inquiry be made what should be done to guard and ]
vindicate the rights of the House and of the peo- I
pie, r ;
|; on the point under consideration, showing satis-
factorily that the call on President Washington
j was as mandatory in its character as the late call
i of this House on President Polk. But Washington
• i refused to communicate such papers as existing
I negotiations rendered improper to be disclosed.
But there was another point on which, while he
, was up, he would say a word. President Wash-
ington, in his message, from which an'extract had
, '"been copied into the message now on the Speakers
table, after stating that which, to the common un-
i derstandmg of every man, must appear evidently
| proper—that negotiations required secrecy, an'd
- without secrecy they could not be carried on 
commented on the power of the House to cat! for
papers from the Executive. He took the ground
. to which the gentleman from Massachusetts had
alluded, that the House of Representatives was
, bound to carry out all treaties. Upon that point i
the House of Representatives discussed President
| Washington's message for a considerable length
' of time in Committee of the Whole on the state of
: the Union.
1 The committee reported three resolutions as fol-
lows :
1. Resolved, As the opinion of this committee, that it is
i expedient to pass the Jaws necessary for carrying: into effect
! tj10 t^aty lately negotiated between the United'States and
, the King of Spam.
. <>'2. Resohedj As the opinion of this committee, that it
is expedient to pass the Jaws necessary for carrying into
effect the treaty lately negotiated between the United States
and ceitain Indian tribes noiihwe*t of the Ohio river.
" 3. Resolved, As the opinion of this committee, that it is
expedient to pass the la^v-, necessary for carrying into effect
the treaty lately negotiated between the United States and
the Dey and Regcney of Algiers."
The first and second of these resolutions were
adopted, and the third ordered to he on the table.
. Another resolution was then immediately intro-
duced, with a preamble, which brought up the
whole question referred to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, as follows:
"The House having taken into consideration the treaty
of amity, commerce, and navigation between the United
States, and Great Britain, communicate d by the 1'icsidcnt
in Ins message on the l^tday of March last, are of opinion
that it is m many respects highly injurious to the interests
of the United Suae* ; yet, wei'e they pos?e sed ot any infor-
mation which eo'ilol justm the gieat sacrifices contained
m the treaty, their sincere desire to chen«h harmony and
amicable intercourse with all nations, and their earnest
wish to cooperate in hastening a final adjustment of the
j differences subsisting between the United States and Great
Britain might have induced them to wane their objections
to the treaty. But when they contemplate the conductor
Great Britain m pursuing, since the treaty \%as signed,
the impressment of American seamen and the seizure of
Amencan vessels [laden with provisions] contrary to the
cleat ett rights of neutral nations—whether tins be viewed
the construction meant to be given to any articles in the
treaty, or as contrary to, and an infraction of, the true
meaning and spirit thereof—the IIou*e cannot but regard it
as incumbent on theiri, iu fidelity to the trust reposed in
them, to forbear, under such ciieum^tances, taking at pres-
ent any active measures on the subject: Therefore,
^Resolved. That, under the circumstances aforesaid, and
with such information as the House possesses, it is not ex-
pedient at this time to concur m passing the laws necessary
to carry the said treaty into effect.51
This resolution was afterwards referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the discussion continued for many
days; after which, it was determined at last to
report a bill to carry out the provisions of the Jay
treaty; and although the House overruled the two
resolutions embiacing the principles set forth by
Washington in the afterpart of his message, yet it
was not thought expedient to take any notice of
the fact that he withheld the correspondence and
documents called for; thus evincing their acquies-
cence in the opinion of Washington, that the com-
munication of the information called for would
prejudice the public good.
Let the House look at the message now on the
table. A call had been made on the President to
communicate the instructions which he had given
to a foreign Minister, who was charged with the
mission to settle difficulties existing between this
Go\eminent and the Republic of Mexico—difficul-
ties which yet existed. This call tel.-Ued to a
transaction which was not yet closed—to difficul-
ties which yet existed, and about which we have
been negotiating. We were not in the position in
which President Washington was when he re-
fused to give papers sought to be obtained; for in
that case, the treaty had been ratified and submit-
ted to the House of Representatives, and they had
been called upon to make appropriations to carry
it out. In that case, President Washington re-
fused to comply with the call, because he believed
it would be injurious to the public interests; and
yet, here the President was arraigned as a tyrant,
because he withheld correspondence in legard to
difficulties which were yet open for adjustment.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
with his characteristic fairness and liberality, had
thought proper to appeal to the prejudices of the
people and of this House, because President Polk
had done that which had been done by his prede-
cessors. This the gentleman from Ohio repre-
sented as in fact saying to the House of Repre-
j sentatives, "Yott are not fit to be intrusted with
the secrets of the Government. I have done so
and so, and you must vote the supplies." It really
appeared to him, that when the gentleman from
Ohio resorted to such a mode of attack on the Presi-
dent, he was driven to an extremity. Let them,
for a moment, look at the piecedents which the
books contained.
He held in his hand a message to the House of
Representatives from President Monroe, in answer
to a call of the House of Representatives for in-
formation relative to some difficulty which had
grown up in relation to Commodore Stewart,
which he requested the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read it accordingly, as follows:
(< To the Jlonte of Representatives of ike United States:
" I >hould hasten to communicate to you the documents
callt:d tor by the tesolutioii of the House of Representatives
of tb«> 4th instant, relating to the conduct of the officers of
the navy of the United States in the Pacific ocean, and of
