1848.
.THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
It was within the boundary of the United State of
Coahuila and Texas, hut not in Texas itself. • In
1824, T^xas was not yet created into a separate
State; Coahuila extended across the country, as
all the maps show, to the Nueces. The only mil-
itary post then on the lower Rio Grande was the
post of Loredo, at which were stationed armed
men, commissioned by Mexican authority.
But my colleague referred to several acts of Con-
gress, as authorities, to sustain him in his position.
The first act, of December, 1845, extending: the
laws of the United States to Texas, was *cited by
'him as one of these authorities. I confess I am at
a loss to know how any inference can be drawn
from that, in favor of our right, or the right of
Texas, to the country between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande. It affirms no limits of Texas. As
the resolution of annexation applied only to Texas,
as properly limited, so this law provided that over
Texas proper, with her rightful limits, the laws of
the United States shouldbe extended. Well, then
my colleague referred to the act of February, 1846,
making Corpus Christi a port of delivery, and Gal-
veston a port of entry. But Corpus Christi was
within the limits which Texas maintained by force
of arms—within the bounds of revolutionized
Texas; and, undoubtedly, we took Corpus Christi
into the Union when we admitted Texas, and we
had as good a right to establish a port of delivery
there, as we had to establish a port of entry at
Galveston. Corpus Christi was the frontier settle-
ment of Texas, and having been always since the
revolution under her jurisdiction, was as little dis-
puted as Nacogdoches itself. Here the possession
was unquestioned, and the title absolute; but this
fact could give no color to a claim to territory beyond
her reach, and not subjcct to the sway of Texas.
But the act of February 2,1847, is also invoked in
a dof the argument. Sir, this act was passed long
after the war was recognized by Congress; indeed
it was a conseqeence of the war, and cannot apply
to a state of things existing; at the commencement
of hostilities. It provided, among others, for a
post route from the Brazos to Fort Brown. I well
recollect the history of that act and the proceed-
ings, while it was pending here. Some objefetion
was made to it, as likely to be quoted in aid of the
boundary question, when it was explained by more
than one member. Allow me to refer to it, and to
read a few remarks of the honorable Senator from
Texas*on the subject. When it came here, after
its passage in the House of Representative^, it was
objected that it might involve some question as to
the boundary of Texas:
"Mr. Rusk <aid if he could suppose that this provision
would involve any question as to the boundary lights of
Mexico or Texas. he would not urge U. The establishment
of" thi^ route \vtm!d^prevent the neeo-.^ify of.*eiidut<( the let-
ters lo the army through a ciremtof five hundred miles. lie
had anoiher reason for pres^nv* tins route. Texas ever
binoo her annexation h.id been woise supplied with mail
routes than «he was before. There were live or six coun-
ties entirely definite of accommodation. If the hill were
amended and sent back to the House, gieat delay must be
the con*eqncnee; and the Postmaster General was now
waiting for its passage, to make the necessary contracts."
The honorable Senator from Texas then dis-
claimed the view of raising the question of bound-
ary on the hill.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to in-
terrupt him for a moment? My remarks were not
exactly reported, though I did state the substance
of what had just been read. I remarked that I did
not look on the bill as involving at all the question
of boundary; that if it did, and no motion was
mode to strike out the clause, I should do it.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator says, that there-
port is substantially correct, though not exactly
so. I knew that the question had been raised in
the House of Representatives, and that it was put
on a footing which I, myself, recognized as legit-
imate. I find that when this bill Was introduced
into the House, Mr. Vinton moved to amend it.
Mr. Vintojt moved to amend the bill by adding
to the second section the following :
Provided, That nothing m thus act shall be understood to
contain an expression by Congress of its* opinion as to the
.question of houndaiy between the territory of the United
States and Mexico.
In the discussion which followed, I find that Mr.
Dromgoole made the following remarks :
"Mr. Dro.mgoole resuming, said he supposed thatneither
the transportation of the m?il, nor the establishment of a
porft o(heo, or of a custom-house, weie conclusive fact-! in
regard to aboundaiv, whenever the two nations should see
fit to enter into negotiation respecting it. But admit that
tins is disputed boundary, and then having possession of it,
we have the complete right to govern the country during the
possession, even if it be a military possession. We have
not only the power to establish post offices,po«t routes?, and
custom-houses, but to introduce civil government, not only
on tliis side of the Rio Grande, but through all the provinces
of Mexico which had been overjun by our arms,we had the
right to establish governments during the time we occupy
them. None of these were conclusive; they were meie
acts which we might do because we had possession of the
country."
Now, sir, this is perfectly right, and I may add
that it is characteristic of the intelligent, adroit,
and skillful parliamentarian who made the remark.
It was necessary to supply our army with post-
masters, and certainly he had authority to do so—
the country being in our possession by military
occupation. We had, undoubtedly, as good a
right to establish a post route to Fort Brown as to
send troops there. But I need not argue this point
further. The ground of the passage of the law
was not that we had a tiile to the country, and it
cannot be invoked for that purpose. It is proof
only of our military occupation of the country of
which it was a consequence.
Well, now, the next position to which I ask the
attention of the Senate, is this: that, as we were
entitled to the east bank of the river—that being
assumed, though I think I have shown that it was
not so—the President was bound to march the
forces of the United States to the Rio Grande, in
order to dispossess the Mexicans.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 did not say so.
Mr. PEARCE. I am aware that the Senator
did not take that position; it is the language of the
President himself, and I find it repeated in the
Union of to-day. I hold that if Texas had a right-
ful claim to the country, it being in possession of
Mexico, this gave him no right to march the
troops of the United States there. That was an
act of war, which, under the Constitution of the
United States, the President had no right to com-
mit; this is solely at the discretion of Congress,
and is usurpation in the other branch of the Gov- ;
ernment, no matter under what circumstances it i
may be done. I make this declaration under high |
authority. Let me remind the Senate of the ex- j
ample given by the Senator from North Carolina !
[Mr. Badger] at the last session. When Mr. |
Jefferson addressed a confidential communication j
to Congress, and invited their attention to the con-
dition of a certain portion of the State of Louisi-
ana, then held by Spain, in violation of the treaty
of *1803, he represented to Congress that he had
tried negotiations in vain, but did not feel at lib-
erty to send the United States forces into that part
of Louisiana, because, as he said, that act, Spain
being in possession, might change the relations of
the country, and transfer them/rom a state of
peace to a state of war. That territory clearly
belonged unto us alone; but it was not to km pos-
session of by order of the President. Spain for a
long time retained possession of the port of Mo-
bile and the Florida parishes, as they were called.
Nor were the latter taken possession of by the
arms of the United States until, in 1810, the
country was revolutionized by a set of private ad-
venturers, who set up a government for them-
selves. In that state of affairs, Congress not
being in session, Mr. Madison issued a proclama-
tion, and took possession, because, otherwise, as
he said, these parishes would have been consid-
ered derelict. Heiook it out of the hands of the
private adventurers, who had ousted the Spanish
authorities and taken possession of it. Mr. Mad-
ison did not take possession of Mobile till 1813,
after the passage of the secret act of Congress of
that year, authorizing him to do so. Now, I say,
then, upon the strength of the authorities, that if
Mexico had possession of the territory, or any
part of the territory, between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande—even if they had commanded it from
the opposite bank of the river, as they might have
done atMatamoros—the President had no right.to
take possession of that portion of it in the pos-
session of Mexico. This is not the only instance
of the forbearance with which this Government
has submitted to the holding of country claimed
by us by foreign nations. How long was it before
certain British posts, included within the limits of
the United States by the treaty of 1783, actually
came into our possession? Great Britain held
them, I think, from 1783 till after Jay's treaty
and the defeat of the Indians by General Wayne.
Yet we declared no war against Great Britain.
General Washington never thought of sending an
army to tajce possession of these
Mr. HANNEGAN.- The^r were held -by Great
Britain till 1795. - x
Mr. PEARCE. A period of twelve years. Let
me refer also to the northeastern boundary question *
in dispute, from the treaty of 1783 down to the
settlement by the treaty of Washington in 1842.
I think both Houses of Congress,-by a, unanimous
vote, declared our title to the boundary as we
claimed it, and yet Great Britain occupied a por-
tion of the territory, even her military forces were
there, and not only so, but a citizen of the United
States was arrested on the soil claimed by. us, was
carried away and incarcerated in a British-dun-
geon, yet neither General Jackson, during whose
administration the controversy existed, nor Mr.
Van Buren, during whose administration the inci-
dent, which I have just lelatcd occurred, ever
thought of marching the United States troops
'there, and taking possession of the country. He
knew that Congress alone could authorize such a
proceeding. That dispute was settled by negotia-
tion, and if one-half the forbearance hac^been ex-
ercised towards weak and prostrate Mexico, which
was manifested towards Great Britain in that con-
troversy, we should have had no war—not a drop
of blood would have been shed, wot a dime in your
treasury would have been wasted.
I know another instance moie recent and more
flagrant. Let me remind the Senate of the case
of the Caroline. There, undoubtedly, American
blood was shed upon American soil—shed by Brit-
ish troops—led by a British officer, who was ap-
plauded and promoted for the act; and yet Mr.
Van Buren did not take the law into his hands
—he did not make war against Great Britain—he
did not ask Congress to make war. That was an
act of hostility undoubtedly, but Mr. Van Buren
was content to settle the matter by negotiation. I
wish to know, sir, whether, the United States
intend to reverse the time-honored maxim—
" Paiccie subjects, debellare superbos?"
Shall we make war on the weak, and not upon the
strong? I fear we have forgotten that maxim in
our course towards Mexico, and trample upon her
who is least able to resist us. I do not doubt that
it is the duty of the President of the United States
to repel invasion when made within our acknowl-
edged limits. But I deny that that is war. I deny
that there can be a state of war, properly so called,
unless the Congress of the United States have ex 
erted their powers, and declared war. It is not for
the President to put the country in a state of war,
certainly not to invade a territory claimed by us
without right, and then to vindicate himself by the
declaration, that the territory of the United States
was invaded; that American blood had been shed
upon American soil. Sir, I blushed for the Presi-
dent when he made that monstrous assertion.
Now, as to the further prosecution of the war, the
President tells us very distinctly in his message,
that wc are to have no peace, with his consent,
until complete indemnity shall be obtained from
Mexico—" indemnity for the past and security for
the future," well characterized yesterday by the
Senator from Delaware, as one-half of Mexico for
indemnity, and theother half as security 1 I agree
with my colleague in his declaration, that in the
triumphs of our arms we have obtained ample in-
demnity. 1 do not like to boast of the prowess of
my countrymen, but certainly I have been as much
struck by their achievements in Mexico, as by the
story of any battles that I have ever read. I know
nothing to compare with them, unless it be the de-
feat of the Russians at Narva, by Charles XII of
Sweden. As to indemnity for the expenses of the
war,when, let me ask, have we eyer sought compen-
sation in damages from other nations with whom
we have been at war? We have had but three
wars: the war of the Revolution—a just one, I take
it—was the first one in which we were engaged,
and I do fiot see why we should not as well de-
mand indemnity for its expenses as for the one in
which we are now involved. But nobody dream-
ed of demanding indemnity for that war. The
war of 1812 was a just war, as I believe—eminent-
ly a just war—provoked by British aggression, by
the impressment of our seamen, by injuries in vio-
lation of our commercial rights. We waged that
war for three years, and settled it, as I suppose
everybody agreed, without any loss of national
honor, but without receiving or demanding any
indemnity. We spent from one to two hundred
millions in that war, and did not get a penny back.
I ijev.er heard- that Mt* Madison and his Cabinet,
