THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
Even the Secretary thinks that no large portion
of the internal revenue could be collected under our
military; and he, with all his eagerness to present
a favorable view of this project, admits that he has
no sufficient data on which to base any reliable
estimate as to this source of revenue. So that I
caution the country against these delusive conjec-
tures. As for the 10,000 men proposed by the bill,
I will not vote for one of them.
1 believe with the Senator from'Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] that we have troops enough for all
the legitimate purposes of this war, and more than
enough; and while I would not deny them food
and clothing, I would not now give for the war
another soldier until I saw a disposition on the
part of the Executive to bring about a peace.
I look at the honor of the country in a different
aspect from that in which it seems to be regarded
by some Senators, to whom I do not impute any
other than patriotic motives. I think they are
entirely mistaken. For myself, I am willing to
take the reproach of consistent dullness, by ad-
hering to the doctrines which I have here an-
nounced, and refusing to vote a man more until I
see a better disposition on the part of the Execu-
tive to make peace. I believe that the favorable
opportunity to make peace was allowed to pass
unimproved. I believe that if this Government
had not demanded too much, they could have
made a peace perfectly satisfactory to the country,
and that it still may be obtained on just and hon-
orable terms. I will not increase the forces in
Mexico for the purpose of overrunning and an-
nexing the country. It would be a lasting re-
proach to us to do so. I wish to see the United
States disposed to settle this controversy in a
spirit of magnanimity more glorious even than all
the victories we have gained.
Mr. BADGER rose and signified his intention
of addressing the Senate on the bilL under consid-
eration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. 1 ask the in-
dulgence of the Senator from North Carolina. I
rise to put a question to my friend and colleague,
to which I hope he will reply now, if he can, and
if not, at some future time, when he shall have
reflected on the answer. If I am right in my recol-
lection, my friend was not here on the 13th of
May, 1846, when the law of that session passed.
Mr. PEARCE assented.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I am right, then, as to the
opinions of my colleague at that time, if he had
been here he would not have voted for the law as
it passed. If I am right as to the reason which
would have influenced him in giving that vote, it
would have been because of the preamble to that
act. The question I now wish to propound is,
whether he would have voted for that law without
the preamble?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes; I should have done so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Just so.
Mr. PEARCE. But I beg to say something
further. It was necessary that some military pro-
vision should be made, and the exigency seemed
to require a very large provision. Our army had
been placed, by the act of the Executive, in a posi-
tion of great peril. It was not for me to say that
that army should be sacrificed. Not for a hundred
millions would I have sacrificed one of its gallant
officers or one of its brave men. Perhaps! may
add, that it is -very likely that I would have gone
further then than now, because I had not then so
fully investigated the subject. An amendment was
proposed in Lhe House of Representatives by Mr.
Schenck, which fully met my views. The amend-
ment was as follows:
" Mr. Soiemck then sent up to the Clerk's table, where
it was read in part, the following amendment, winch he gave
notice of hi-, intention to offer atttie proper time:
" Strike out all alter the enactuis clause, and insert—
■'< Wiien-a* it has heen communicated to Congress bv the
President of the United States, that this Government is'now
at war witii Mexico, and a call has been made on Con^res?
for means to prosecute hostilities on the part of the United
States; and
" Whereas Congress is informed that, in a war thus com-
menced, losses have occurred lo the armv of the United
States employed by the President on the bank of the river
Del Norte, and that such army, if not already lost, is in an
12
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19,1848.
exposed and perilous situation, and requires speedy relief
and reinforcement: Therefore,
" Be it enacted, i'fc., That while Congress will not sanction
or approve the forcible occupation, under the orders of the
President of the United States, of territory between the
rivers Nueces and Del Norte, by the armed forces of the
United States, nor of any hostilities which have been car-
ried on by order of the President against the Government or
people of Mexico, yet, to enable the President of the United
States to relieve and to extricate the army of the United
States from the position in which it has become involved,
and to prevent any invasion or encroachments upon the ter-
ritory of this Union, and to protect and defend,.to the fullest
extent, the citizens and people of the United States, as far
as the same may be in any way affected or endanseied by
hostilities with Mexico, the President is hereby authorized,
in addition to all the military and naval forces of the United
States, to call for," &c.
That proposition, sir, would have met my entire
approbation; and if that had failed, I should have
been unwilling to place myself in the position of
denying supplies to our army in peril. I should
be disposed to take care of my own household
first, and it would be only in the flush of victory
that 1 should feel inclined to spare those with
whom we are warring.
Mr. BADGER. I understand that the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
desires to occupy the attention of the Senate when
the consideration of this subject shall be next re- ,
sumed. I shall, therefore, very cheerfully yield 1
to him—hoping, however, that I may be allowed !
to follow him. With that understanding1, sir, I I
would now move an adjournment. J
Mr. CASS. If the Senator will pardon me, I :
would inquire of the Senator from Maryland !
whether I am to understand him as having said I
that the expenditures of the present year will be [
seventy-five millions. j
Mr. PEARCE. I stated that the estimates for '
the present year, including the actual expenses of
the first quarter, would amount to seventy-five mil-
lions, but I have now reason to suppose that I was
mistaken. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Niles] has satisfied me that sixteen millions, the
expenses of the first quarter, were carried out under
the same title, and, as I supposed they were not, 1
fell into that error in my calculation. But I believe
that further deficiencies will run the-actual expend-
itures of the year-to seventy millions of dollars.
Mr. CASS. Did the Senator give an estimate
of the expenses of the war?
Mr. PEARCE. I stated the fact, sir, that you
had twelve millions in the treasmy at the com-
mencement of the war. There can be no doubt
about that. I then said that there was authorized
to he borrowed, or issued in treasury notes—the
same as a loan—the sum of thirty-eight millions,
including the five millions authorized to be re-
issued by the act of last session. Will the Sen-
ator have the kindness to say whether I am
mistaken ?
Mr. CASS. I merely wanted to know what his
estimate was.
Mr. PEARCE. I should be very glad if the
Senator would furnish me with means of making
a better estimate, if 1 am wrong.
Mr. CASS. If the request had been made, I
should have complied with it with a great deal of
pleasure.
Mr. PEARCE. No doubt. If the gentleman
wishes to put me upon a cross-examination 
Mr. CASS. Oh no, by no means.
Mr. WESTCOTT. 1 voted in the affirmative
on the motion to adjourn to Monday next. At the
request of several Senators, who seem to have la-
bored under some misapprehension with regard to
it, I now beg to move a reconsideration of that
question.
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed and ordered, and being taken, the result was—
yeas*22, nays 21.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
resolution, the yeas and nays were demanded, and
ordered.
Mr. CASS. I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
Mr. DAYTON. What will be the effect of the
adoption of the motion just made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will stand adjourned until to-morrow.
New Series No. 12.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Is the motion
in order?
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senate, by a resolution
adopted this morning, determined that when it
should adjourn, it should adjourn qntil Monday
next. A motion has been made to reconsider that
vote, and the motion for reconsideration has been
adopted. But the resolution has not been rescinded
—the question was about to be put upon that res-
olution. If we adjourn now, therefore, we shall
adjourn over to Monday next.
Mr. CASS. Then 1 will withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. SEVIER, This is certainly a very clear
case. The reconsideration puts the question back
to where it was this morning, before any action
was had upon it. A motion to adjourn at that pe-
riod would certainly have been in order, as it now
is in order.
Mr. CASS. I believe I will take the advice of
my friend from Arkansas, and adhere to my mo-
tion.
The Secretary then proceeded with the call of
the yeas and nays, and the Jesuit was: Yeas 21,
nays 22.
The question recurring upon the original mo-
tion, it was adopted.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 14, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, to whom was referred Sen-
ate bill for the relief of the administratrix of Eli-
sha L. Keen, deceased, reported the same without
amendment. Committed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Daniel Brown
and A. Conkhng. Laid on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported the following resolution, which
was read and agreed to:
Resolved. That a synopsis of the geological observations
on the mineral lands of Lake Supetior, made dming the last
session under the direction of Dr. Jackson, United States
Geol-vjK'iil Surveyor, be, mid the same is hereby, oideied to
j be pi mted as a pait of tne report o.f the Commissioner of
i Public Land-;.
Mr. TUCK, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Stephen Cham-
phn; which was read and committed.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to:
Rcsotved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquire
into the expediency of continuing the pension of Martha L.
Downs five years from the 20th March, 1847, and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, asked that the said committee be dis*
charged from the petition of Levi M. Roberts,
and that it lie on the table. Agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, to whom was referred a
bill to provide for completmg the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
to Jefferson city, Missouri, reported the same back
to the House without amendment. Committed.
* The bill from the Senate for the relief of W. B.
Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory of Wis-
consin, was taken up, read, and referred.
Mr. JAMIESON, by general consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of N. C. Orear. Read
and referred.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Public
Printing, to which was referred the resolution of
the House providing for the printing of 1,000 ex-
tra copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the coast survey, made a report,
and recommended the adoption of the resolution;
whereupon, the question was put on the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to,
PRIVATE BILLS..
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the Hous® resolved itself into Committee of
