182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
prepared and printed ready fordeliveiy at thecom-
menuement of each session.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: Of a joint resolu-
tion explanatory of the 9ih section of the act of
February 11,1847, entitled " An act to raise, for a
limited time,an additional military force, and for
other purposes."
By Mr. TURNER: Of a joint resolution annex-
ing New Mexico and Upper and Lower California
to the United States, and to extend the'laws of the
United States over said territories.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mokday, January 17, 1848.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the credentials of
Mr. Wyman B. S. Moor, appointed by the Gov-
ernor of Maine to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Mr. Fairfield. Mr. Moor was duly
qualified and took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT "laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings, showing the expenditures made during
the year 1847.
Mr. WEBSTER gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce " A bill to make
attachments which are made under process issuing
from the courts of the United States, conform to
the laws regulating such attachments in the courts
of the States."
Mr. WEBSTER said, that if it should be the
pleasure of the Senate to allow him the indulgence,
he would shortly state the object of the bill. It
was the same bill which had passed the Senate
last session, without opposition, and was reported
by the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. He would ask the indulgence of the Senate
and of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
to allow the bill to pass, without being again re-
ferred, in order to prevent delay, as immediate ac-
tion on it was of great importance.
PETITIONS.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Susan Decatur, widow of the late Com-
modore Stephen Decatur, praying the renewal of
her pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Aliaiis.
Mr. FELCH presented the memorial of Asa I
Whitney, praying for a grant of land to enable I
him to construct a railroad from Lake Michigan :
to the Paciiic ocean; which was referred to the j
Committee oil Public Lands, and ordered to be '
printed.
Also, the memorial of A. Edwards, register of
the land office at Kalamazoo, Michigan, prayiti 
the repayment of money advanced by him for ex-
tra clerk hire; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Charles Richmond, pray-
ing compensation for services as special marshal
during the disturbances in the provinces of Upper
and Lower Canada, in the years 1839 and 1840;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of A.
W. and J. H. Foster, editors of the " Pittsbur"
Daily Dispatch," praying that the list of letters
remaining in the post office at Pittsburg may, in
compliance with law, be published in their news-
paper, it having the largest circulation; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of the Provident Association
of Clerks, in the city of Washington, prayino- cer-
tain amendments to the chaiter of said association;
which was lefcrred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, a memorial of the Cain Quarterly Meetino-
of the Religious Society of Friends, prayino- the
abolition of slavery in the United States, and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia, and be-
tween the several States; a memorial of the Asso-
ciation of Friends for promoting the abolition of
slavery, and improving the condition of the free
people of color, praying the abolition of slavery in
the District ol Columbia and Territories of the
United States, and of the slave trade between the
States, the pi inhibition of slavery where it does
not already exist, and the repeal of all laws pro-
viding for the arrest of fugitive slaves; and six
petitions of inhabitants of Pennsylvania, praying
the adoption of measures for abolishing slavery ;
throughout the Union. The motions to receive i
were severally laid upon the table. I
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the petition of
Robert Piatt, only surviving son of Major Daniel
Piatt, praying the payment of an undrawn portion
of seven years'half-pay due him under the resolve
of Congress of 24th August, 1780; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A Iso, the petition of Robert Piatt, praying a final
settlement of his account as a deputy purchasing
commissary; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of James
Wilkins, praying payment for cattle taken by In-
dians m Flonda; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Afiairs.
Mr. TURNEY presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Tennessee, approving the plan
proposed by Asa Whitney for constructing a lail-
road from Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean,
and in favor of a grant of public land for that ob-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COR WIN presented the petition of A. G.
Melvln and others, citizens of the United States,
praying that the public domain may be given m
suitable quantities to actual settlers, without price;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of citizens of Ohio, praying
the adoption of measures for the reestablishment ;
of peace between the United States and Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Foieign
Relations.
Also, the petition of citizens of Ohio, praying
the abolition of slavery m the District of Colum-
bia, and the slave trade between the States; the
motion to receive which was laid upon the table.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial of citizens
of Illinois, praying that the right of preemption
may be granted to the Illinois Central Railroad
Company to the lands over which it is proposed
to construct their road; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of Robert M. Martin, a volunteer in the war
with Mexico, playing to be allosved bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
Mary M. Tellair, heir of Isiael Pearce, praying
the payment of certain final settlement certificates;
which was leferred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, it was
OrrJaed. That tup petition ol Titian It. {'euld.oi, the files
of the rft;uate, bj relonvdto the Committee on .Vavul /it- ,
f.uix.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was ;
Ordered, Til at tile petition of Moses K. Levy, on the nles '
of tlie Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion by HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That tae adimmsttatoi- of Isaac Garretson have
leave to vvitnriratv hi=> petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, it was
Orden-d, That the uidcuv oi Samuel Gibb^ have leave to
withdraw hcrpeution and papeis.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordered, Tnat Ueoige Townie> have leave to withdraw |!
lii  petition and papers. i'
Mr. MANGUM, from the Select Committee
to whom was referred a motion authorizing the
Vice Piesideut to cause desks to be provided for |j
the reporter of the Senate and his assistants, upon jj
the floor, in submitting a repoit, lemaiked, that |l
upon examination of the subject referred to the jj
committee, it was found, that without any tncon- ij
venience, suitable accommodation could be afford-
ed to the reporters of the Senate on the floor of the |
Chamber; and, as it was of course very desirable p
that every proper facility should be extended to l!
them, the committee unanimously reported in favor i-
of providing the proposed accommodation. Jj
The Senate proceeded to consider the report,
and on concuirence therewith, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate have two |i
moveable desks provided, a? soon a> maj be, in ihe angles of i I
tne Senate Chamber, at the ends of the Choid, to accommo- 1 i
date each one repoiter. j;
Mr. MANGUM, by direction of the same com- ii
mittee, submitted the following resolution for con- ii
sideration : ||
Resolved, That a select committee of five he appointed '!
by the \ ice President, to inquire into tfte expedience of re- i
mo * nig the lcpoitefe irom the marble gallery to more suit- ,•
aolep'aces to he provided for them at tlx.- ends of the circular 1
gallery, and of preparmg-the marble gallery for the use of ,
the ladies. [
j Mr. BREESE. I had the honor of serving on
; the special committee, of which the honorable
; Senator, [Mr. Mangum,] who has offered the
; resolution, was the chairman, and I concurred in
■ the leport. At the same time, sir, 1 must say, that
■ when in committee I was anxious the report
| should embrace the subject-matter of the resolution
; now offered, as I believed then, as I do now be-
| lieve, that a much more commodious position for
, the reporters can be had m the Chamber than they
; now occupy; but it was thought we had not the
• power under the resolution to make any sugges-
1 tion upon the subject. Accordingly, and to get the
, power, the honorable chairman was instructed by
t the committee to leport the resolution he has re-
; ported, and which is now before the Senate for
i constdeiation. I hope, sir, it will be adopted, as
: I feel assured the committee to be raised by it will
1 report a plan winch will be acceptable to the Sen-
I ate, by which the reporters will be better ucuom-
! modated than they now are, and the ladies also,,
i by properly fitting up the marble gallery now oc-
1 cupied by the reporters.
; The resolution was considered by unanimous
j consent and agreed to: Whereupon,
• Mr. Mangum, Mr. Sevier, Mr, Berries, Mr.
; Breese, and Mr. Allen, were appointed the com-
| mittee.
I Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they presented to the President
of the United States, on the 14th instant, the bill to*
! authorize the issuing of a register to the barque
I Canton.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Walker, his Secretary,
informing the Senate that he had approved and
signed the biFl to authorize the issuing of a register
to the barque Canton.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Nathaniel Kuykendall; which was read a first
time.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, repoued a bill to provide for the compen-
sation of Samuel Leech, for services in the investi-
gation of the suspended sales in the Mineral Point
district, Wisconsin; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to Abigail Garland, widow of l3avid Garland,
deceased; which was read a first time.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Afiahs, leported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Brownell; which was read a first tin>e.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee of
Claims, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Amos Hoi ton.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration :
Resolved, That the Seeif-taryof the Department of War
furnish the Senate with the report and map ot the examina-
tion oflVew Mexico,made by Lieutenant J. W. Abert, corps
of Topographical Engineers, while attached to the command
of Gencial Kearnv.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following, which
was ordered to be printed :
Whereas, a defalcation is reported to have occurred in
the United States mint at Philadelphia, which by law is-
mode a depository of the public money :
Revolved * therefore, That the Senate will appoint a com-
mittee from its body to examine the books, voucheis, and
money in the mint, with authority to command the attend-
ance*. and examine thorn upon oath, of all the persons em-
ployed by the Government theie.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire whether any and wnat Icl'.s-
lation is noco?.-~ruyjto secmo the moie regular and speedy
transmission of the great Northern and Southern mail; ami
that they have leave to Tport by bill, resolution, oi other-
wise.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON,
Resolved, That the irohcitoi of the Tieasury be directed to
communicate to the Senate copies of the articles of^ubnns-
eion, the award, the opinion ot the aibitrator, and the pro-
ceedings and the minute< m his po«es-ion connected there-
with, m the matter of the Pea Patch Island, befoie the Hun.
John Sergeant, sole arbitrator, appointed bv the pames in
interest to decide upon the title to said island.
GENERAL SCOTT'S PLAN.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
MangVm, eame up for consideration :
Rcsoked, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to lay before the Senate all the plans5, e.-timan s,
ami calculations presented by Geneial Scott, as in his
opinion being best adapted to obtain the objects of the war;
