1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
sand men. These, together with the seaman and
marines, which are also a portion of the army,
would make, if they were called into actual service,
one hundred thousand men.
History gener&ljy takes notice of themore prom-
inent points in the progress and policy of nations;
and it must certainly be remarked in after times,
that the largest army ever raised to be concen-
trated upon one single object, by the Republic of
the United States of America, was an army for the
invasion of her nearest neighbor, and the only
other republic on the North American continent.
Posterity, sir, will have a right to inquire, why it
was that the councils of the United States had
thought proper to exert the highest attribute which,
perhaps, can be exerted, for carrying on a war of
this description. We are indeed told by the Presi-
dent—or those who speak for him on this floor-
that, although fchis number of men may be at his
disposal, although he may call them out undei the
authority of existing laws, yet lie is not likely to
have over one-third of that number actually in
service.
Sir, this leads me to another question which I i
am bound to notice in passing—why is it that the j
Executive, as we are informed, cannot raise the I
number of troops which, by law, lie has authority
to raise for carrying on this war in the heart of
Mexico? Why is it? Does it arise from popular
aversion against entering into such a service as
this? If it were a war for the defence of our own
soil, do you believe that five times that number
could not be called into requisition? Sir, at the
voice of the Executive of the United States, ten
times that number would spring up, ready to de-
fend the national honor and the soil of this Repub-
lic. And I must here make another remark : if !
j ble for this war. I believe they would have voted
■ for any number of men which the President might
; have called for, and for all the schemes—the mag-
| nificent and splendid schemes—to be carried into
| operation by the Executive, that would require
; an army of two hundred thousand men. Yes, sir,
i if we are to go on with this enterprise of con^uer-
1 ing and subjugating the Republic of Mexico—
1 either with a view of absorbing the whole of that
Republic, and making it a part of this Confeder-
acy, or of making her a dependant province—it
would not be an extravagant proposition for the
President to ask for two hundred thousand men to
enable him to do it with security and safety.
There are those, sir, who, looking at objects in the
distant horizon, sometimes neglect to look at the
clouds which hang above our heads, and which
are ready to burst upon us. And that is the case
with some gentlemen on tins occasion, who, while
they are indulging themselves in splendid visions
of revolutionizing Mexico, and making her a part
of this Republic, or making her in some degree de-
pendent on U3, are neglecting to look at the dan-
gers which surround our institutions. I therefore
I have introduced this amendment, in some measure,
j that I might have an opportunity of examining
j more particularly into the tendency of the meas-
■ ures that are hereafter to be proposed. My amend-
i ment—for I mean to address myself more particu-
| larly in the first instance to that—goes only so far
| as to add to the different regiments of the army 
1 the riflemen, the infantry, the artillery, and the
j dragoons—(although by some unguarded omission 1
j the dragoons seem to have been left out)—to add,
| I .say, to each of these regiments, three hundred
('men. By adding thirty men to each one of the
,'u t neie nwKe anotner lemarii : ir ; companies, it will give a regiment, on paper
fuL]:ailUeS m l,he Umted St„ates WCre t0 c?ncur 11J i thirteen hundred men; and for this increase I'o
the justice and propriety of carrying on this war,
I would answer for it, that the President could not
say, that it was out of his power to raise the num-
ber of troops which the laws of the country au-
thorize him to raise. But, sir, the very fact, that
he is unable to raise these troops by the means
which have been put in his power, is, I think, one
of the omens which a wise ruler should regard in
administering the trust, the sacred trust, that is
committed to him.
Before, sir, I proceed further to discuss this bill,
1 must be permitted to advert to some of the tend-
encies of this war. And, in doing so, I beg leave
to address myself particularly to the propositions
for amendment which 1 have had the honor to
submit. I do not propose by the amendment on
your table, to withhold from the President the
troops, or such number of troops, as may be re-
quired; but I propose to raise them in a different
manner, * ' * '
the censu
the Exec
criticisms ol those who, speaking ex cathedra, may
find fault with the measure which i have suggest-
ed. Sir, I have not brought forward my proposi-
tion without consulting those who are better ac-
quainted with the subject than I am myself, nor
have I brought it forward for the purpose of
thwarting the measures of the President. But, sir,
this is a conjuncture of affairs which calls upon
every man, who feels an interest in the welfare of
the Republic, to express himself freely, fearlessly,
matters that come before us.
Ihis is not the first time that I have found it
necessary to differ with the President, as regards
some of the measures which he has advised, for
carrying on this war; and I am happy that I did
contribute at the last session to upset some of those
pleasures which, in my opinion, would have been
inconsistent with the public interests. I have in-
troduced. this amendment for no such purpose.
.But I think that this is a conjuncture of affairs, in
which every man should make his views clearly
understood. It is a time when every one should
pause and look around; for I solemnly believe that
every step we are taking:, H*e are going deeper and
deepei into the labyrinth of a dangerous and inex-
tricable policy, from which we may find no clue
tor an honorable and safe retreat.
There are those who look on the fair side of
things always; and if the President had recom-
mended that we should put at his disposal two hun- i
dred thousand men, I believe there are men on this
iloor, and in the other branch of Congress, who
would have voted for it, if on no other ground than
that it came from the Executive, whols responsi-
4 , of
men; and for this increase I only
j propose to add two subordinate officers—and in
j some cases none at all—provided, however, there
I be five officers to each company; and in this way
j I shall raise seventy-five hundred; not so many,
i to be sure, as the President has asked for and the
j committee recommended. Buc I can raise in this
way seven thousand five hundred men without the
necessity for more than a very few additional offi-
cers. I have this recommendation in favor of my
system—that it will certainly be the most efficient
mode of raising additional troops for active ser-
vice. I think this position cannot very well be
controverted—that r w troops, infused and min-
gled with disciplined soldiers, are more readily
assimilated and rendered efficient; and all military
men will tell you so. They will be better officered,
too, having those officers who are experienced. 1
know there are those who enteitain the belief that
officers can be selected from civil life, equal in
^  r heresy,
but if the truth were known, and tlie testimony of
officers of the army obtained, we should be entirely
satisfied that those battles which have so signally
illustrated the American character in this war, from
the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma to
those of Contreras and Churubusco, were to be
attributed to the skill and ability which were dis-
played by the officers of our army who were edu-
cated at West Point. I know there have been
splendid achievements performed by the volunteer
corps; but the truth is, that both the soldiers and
officers of the volunteer corps relied with an abid-
ing confidence in all operations of the army upon
the science and skill of those who directed the op-
erations.
Well, sir, in raising a force of this kind, you
put them under just such men, not officers from
i civil life, but those already trained and accustomed
j to the service. The soldier himself will be better
j trained, and he will he better taken care of; he -vyill
! have the greater security; it will be a measure
j recommended by considerations of humanity. I
| think this proposition cannot be disputed, that it
| will be a more efficient corps, and that the transi-
I tion to efficient soldiers will be more easy and ex-
I peditious.
; My next proposition is, that it will be cheaper.
We have a right to look at the ten-regiment bill
j which passed Congress at the last session, with a
view to ascertain the true character of this bill.
And what was the character of that bill ? 1 do
not mean to, say that the President intends to ask
for four brigadier generals and the full complement
of other officers as on that occasion; but whether
that be the case or not, it is very certain that under
the bill before you there must be ten entire regiments
raised; and for the purpose of officering these regi-
ments, you must have ten colonels, ten lieutenant
colonels, twenty majors, onehundred captains, and
three hundred lieutenants. Now, in point of cost,
there is very great difference between the two: the
one has the recommendation of being cheaper, and,
when raised, are more efficient. There can^otbea
differenceof opinion on these twopropositions. But
the objection to the plan I have suggested is, that the
President cannot raise the number of troops that
he desires in the mode which 1 have suggested; in
other words, that it becomes necessary, when the
President wishes to raise a body of troops, to ap-
( point intelligent officers in the first place, otherwise
j he cannot get them. That is the argument. I
| have heard it said, if you adopt this plan the men
! cannot be raised, because the officers under whom
j they are to serve are already appointed. It does
I seem to me, sir, however, that the men can be
j readily raised. I can see no reason why they can-
i not. I do not see why men wilhiot enlist without
| having the excitement of a political movement
j every time we call for additional troops. If this
\ be the case, it is high time that we should examine
into the true merits of this war, especially in regard
to the character of the troops to be employed in it.
However, sir, I have submitted the amendment
for what His worth. If the troops should be raised
under it, they will stand thus: General Scott now
has at his command about thiity-one thousand in
the aggregate, about two thousand of whom are in
garrison at Tampico and Vera Cruz. The remain-
der are now under his immediate command in and
near the city of Mexico. I understand from
military men who are recently from there, that
he has a movable column of twenty thousand to
carry on offensive operations. I do not pretend
of my own knowledge to say what the number
of his available force is; hut if seven thousand be
added to those which it is said are now under his
control, he will at least have twenty-seven thou-
sand; and there are to be recruited under the
existing laws, to fill the old regiments, six or seven
thousand more: add these, and he will have at
least thirty-four or five thousand—a number suffi-
cient, not only for garrison duty, but for active
operations at any point to which they may be di-
rected. Why, sir, Bonaparte had not more, when
he made his first campaign in Italy, than thirty-five
or forty thousand men. And what is it that these
troops are to be required to do? Not to fight bat-
tles. We are told they are not to fight battles.
What are they to do? They are to overrun the
Mexican States, to disarm the population, to con-
fiscate the public property, to sequester the reve-
nues, and to become the armed jailers to those
persons who will not take their parole. The soldiers
we are to raise now are not soldiers who are to be
animated by the love of glory and the spirit of
military adventure; their office is neither more
nor tess than to be armed tax-gatherers or jail-
ers. They are to sweep through the country,
for the purpose of gathering treasures, and keep-
ing in awe a feeble and distracted population.
But, sir, the experiment has not been made;
and though General Scott has recommended an
addition, which will make the number of troops
amount to fifty thousand, I am satisfied that the
Executive will carry on his operations whether
that number be added or not. I, for one, will be
perfectly willing to accelerate, as far as I may be
able, all operations that may be necessary to bring
the war to a successful issue; but it does seem to
me, that if we grant seven thousand regulars, to
be added to the army in the manner I'propose,
(which is as much as has ever been employed under
| any general of this country in the service,) it will
! be sufficient for any purpose that can be desired in
j order to bring this war to a close; and I trust in
, God it is the last war of invasion in which we shall
j ever be engaged. But while I have thus intimated
my purpose to concur, to some extent, in raising
the number of men which the President may re-
quire for his immediate purposes, 1 cannot shut
my eyes to the tendency of the measures which
are likely to be adopted as the permanent policy
of this Government. The President has told you
in his message that it is not his design to carry on
this war for the subjugation of all Mexico, or the
destruction of her nationality. But I have seen
enough, sir, to satisfy me that the current of con-
sequences is carrying the measures recommended
