1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
fiance. We may nnt sue such results in our time;
but the example of.to-day is the precedent of to-
morrow. But wheh the fires of virtuous patriotism
that were kindled on the altar of our country by
the founders of the Republic shall have burnt down
under the ambitious lust of conquest, there will be
no rebuking influence left to purify and restrain
lawless ambition.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and, after a short time so
occupied, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 18,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. J. R.
Ingersoll in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions proposing to refer the
President's message to the various appropriate
committees..
Mr. JAMIESON, (who was entitled to .the
floor,) after referring to a question .which had been
up in Committee of the Whole, and on which he
had made some remarks, observed that it would
probably be best for him to embrace the present
opportunity to extend those remarks, and unite
what he had then said with what he purposed to
say now.
Every gentleman was apprized of the fact that
under the hour-rule it was impossible for any gen-
tleman to do justice to himself or to any one of the
important topics contained in the President's mes-
sage. Mr. J. had always opposed the rule, and
he expected ever to be opposed to it. He had al-
ways looked upon it as a violation of the power
conferred upon the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives by the Constitution. It was a muz-
zling <sf debate; it was a curtailing of the right
which each member of the House was entitled to
enjoy, of expressing at large every view he might
think it proper to take.
In starting out, (said Mr. J.,) in making the re-
marks I purpose to make before this committee, I
* shall start in a form and fashion of my own; and
I shall propose to myself in the outset a sort of
text, or a question, which I desire should be pre-
sented before Congress and before the country.
Atul this question, with all I intend to speak upon
ii, lias reference only to the war portion of the
Executive message. The question is this: Will
ojr country ever be in the right ?
This is a very important question for our wise
men to look into ; and for the reason that, as
through more than three-score years and ten of
our national existence, we have never once been
in the right, it is highly important for them to con-
sider whether they can form or devise any plan by
which we may, at some time, be right for once.
It is a question for the counsels of our wise men.
For seventy-two years we have never yet been
right, but always wrong. Cannot their united
wisdom devise some way or means by which, for
one time, we may get in the right? We may go
tack to the days of Washington and John Adams
—the father of that venerable man there—and the
days ofMadison and Jefferson, and all the depart-
ed patriots of our Revolution, and listen a little
to what they said, because they all denied the
power which was then claimed—the divine right
of kings to control the people. Yes, sir; they had
the audacity to come out and to proclaim to the
world that we—the old Thirteen—we have a right
to be free and independent, arid we will acknow-
ledge your divine right to control us no longer.
Yes, they did this. But in all this they had their
opponents then, who looked upon the ground taken
by these Presidents and sages as wrong, as wick-
ed, as against the authority of Heaven, and who
thought that it was all done under the frown of
the Almighty.
Why, sir, here was the man Adams, who, to be
sure, had had some hand in producing the revolu-
tion; he wrote a great many fine articles in a book
called the Federalist, (I wish it Had had some other
name;) but this man, after the Government had
endured for more than a quarter of a century,
brought us into the greatest danger of an uncon-
stitutional and a wicked war. Thus, sir, we were
wrong in the Revolution, wrong under the elder
Adams, and wrong again in 1812, when the man
Madison had the audacity to do the same thing;
and I see a man over there (looking toward a part
of the hall where Mr. Clay stood among some of
his friends) who had the audacity to sustain him.
(I wish he would only do the same now.) In
some portions of the country, this war of 1812
was deemed so wicked, that they kept their militia
marching round and round the boundaries of their
own State, but forbade them to cross the-line. The
war was so impious, so wicked, so against all the
precepts of Christianity, so Heaven-daring, that it
was wrong for a moral and religious people to re-
joice in the victories of our own armies. _ Sir, the
war was declared wrong from the pulpit, wrong
from the stumps, wrong everywhere—all wrong,
all wicked. Sir, not only that; so wrong was it
held to be, that they held a Convention at a place
called Hartford, to take sides against their own
country, and in favor of the enemy. It was
held by people so religious, that they raised blue-
lights )n their coast to give notice to the enemy
whenever one of our gallant little barques entered
on the broad field of the ocean, that they might be
taken.
Sir, it was held most wicked for that wicked
President to take the ground that Great Britain
had no right to clear the decks of our ships of what
men she chose to select, and take them by force
into her own service. They claimed the right to
board our vessels of war because she had a stronger
fleet than we had. The President was held to be
the wickedest of men, because he proclaimed, that
if this was continued there must be war.
And now, I say, the question arises, (and I want
the country to keep it in view,) Shall we ever be
in the right? We were not right in the Revolu-
tion, we were not right in 1812, and we are still
further from being right now. The Mexican Gov-
ernment (I have all the documents here, but I can-
not stay to read them) has only committed for a
course of twenty-eight years in succession, one
hundred of the most outrageous depredations on
our flag and on all the rights of our people. Yes,
sir; they have only done that. From 1816 to 1845,
they have committed only one hundred of the great-
est outrages that were ever known. And yet here
this wicked Jim Polk (and on the same ground
stood Andrew Jackson, and his Secretary of State,
Mr. Forsyth) has had the audacity to say that out-
rages like these formed just cause for immediate
war. What Jackson said of them, Polk has re-
peated. But here we are wrong again. Mexico,
according to the "resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] is in the right,
the United States in the wrong. Polk has but ta-
ken the ground which Jackson took, and Jackson
based himself on the reports of his minister, Mr.
Forsyth, whose report stated numerous cases of
murder, and every form of outrage that ever was
committed. Yet in all this we were wrong—it
was all wrong—all wicked. And, if so, even the
very Whigs themselves, at the first session of the
29th CongT-ess, lied, because, by their votes, they
sustained the President.
And here is the predicament we are in. We are
once more in the wrong, notwithstanding these
hundred cases of the most violent outrages—out-
rases on our common flag, on our people, their
liberty and their lives; notwithstanding the official
reports by Mr. Forsyth of numerous murders;
notwithstanding hundreds of our American citi-
zens were seized and thrown into prison, and at
lost put into the mines, where they dragged out a
life far worse than death itself; and notwithstand-
ing the further fact, that two independent sister re-
publics came to the conclusion (through those
alone who had the power to act in the premises)
to marry—to make a marriage-contract between
them. This was done by the people of the two
republics, (who held the sovereign power,) and
not by this wicked Polk; and Texas was received
by the United States just, as Ohio and Missouri
had been received, viz: with their own limits and
boundary as stated by themselves, without any re-
serve about the river Nueces. We received her
as we did oil the other new States, according to
their own defined limits—they being the only
authority that can control that matter, but subject
to the action of the tieaty power. We all know
that there is but one power upon earth that can
clip a State of one inch of her claimed terrritory,
and that is the treaty power. But I have no time
to go into that question now. I say there is
but one power on earth that can clip a sovereign
State of one single inch of her territory. We re-
ceived Missouri; we received Ohio, and Indiana,
and Illinois, just as we received Texas, viz : with
the boundaries presented to us when* they asked
to be received. You knew these boundaries no
better when these* States wet 3 received than we
knew the bounds of Texas when we received her.
Yet this man Polk, notwithstanding all this, had
the audacity—aye, and that, too, when Congress
was in session—to send General Taylor from
Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande. Why did
he do that when Congress was in session? Why
did he take upon himself such a vast power?
The answer is very plain, and it is this: No
hostilities had yet taken place, and therefore
there was no need for the action of Congress.
The Executive is bound by his office and his
oath to maintain the boundaries of every State,
and he must act up to the power conferred on
him. Yet, in the face of day, though Mexico
had not engaged in any hostilities yet, there was
no declaration of war, nor a drop of blood shed.
Yet this President had the hardihood to protect
Texas in her boundaries; and he would have been
perjured if he had not. That is what he has done;
and this is the great crime of which he has been
guilty. This man Polk had the audacity to order
General Taylor to advance to the Rio Grande, and
that brought on the war—a war wholly unconstitu-
tional and against all right and honor and justice.
Why did he do that? Did we limit Texas to the
Nueces? Did we not take her with the Rio Granue
for her boundary? The treaty power was the only
thing you held over her; and did not Polk call
upon her to settle the question by this very power ?
But Herrera would not agree to it. And was it
not on that very ground that Paredes rose and
overturned the Government of Herrera' I have here
a letter from Herrera declaring that it was on that
very ground he was overturned by his rival. The
only power to settle the question of boundary was
the treaty power. If any other power on earth
should dare to say to one of the sovereign States of
this Union,You are coming beyond your bounds—
stand back; the moment that should be done, the
Executive is bound to sustain the State. Did this
man Herrera declare that he claimed only to the
Nueces? Did he not send an arfny of fourteen
thousand men, and did not Ampudia land on the
east bank of the Del Norte and order General
Taylor back to the Nueces until the question of
boundary should be settled by negotiation? Yet
Mexico still claimed to the Sabine.
But Mr. Polk was very wrong in another thing.
Here comes Arista to the east bank of the Rio
Grande, and tells Taylor that he must remove his
forces out of Fort Brown, and go behind the Nue-
ces. " You have no business here. This is dis-
puted territory. True, you have received Texas
with her boundary as extending to theancientlimits
of Louisiana, but you must retire." Ah, indeed !
And what do you promise on your part, suppose
1 do? If Taylor would consent to break up his
camp and retire behind the Nueces, what did Aris-
ta promise in return? Would he engage that if
our troops retired, there should be no contest of
arms? Did he, standing on the east side of the
Del Norte, give any pledge that he would wait
there for the negotiation, and would have no con-
flict of arms? No, sir. No, sir. Was old Rough
and Ready so blind as not to see what his object
was ?
When he was making these promises, what did
your Government, what did old General Ttiylor
think of it ? What did every wise man, every pa-
triot, every one who saw an inch into Mexican
character, think of it—of the fact that he was direct-
ing our army to do a certain thing without a cor-
responding obligation on the other side? Theolject,
therefore, was to take advantage. Well, if Ansta
or Ampudia could have broken up General Tay-
lor, with his little, brave, noble band, and driven
them from their post on the R.10 Grande, and
scattered them to the Nueces; and if he had fol-
lowed them very quickly and overrun them^ 'hey
would have come still deeper into the interior of
Texas; and before Texas could have organized to
have sustained herself, and before the surrounding
States could have come to her aid, she would have
been overwhelmed—murdered, as her brave citi-
zens were at the Alamo and other places. 1 hat
would have been yourjia:; and yet, notwithstand-
ing all this, when this was probable—when every
man of any mind could have seen that this was the
l object of this order—when any statesman or any
