190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
general fit to command a squad of twenty could
have seen it, yet this, u is said, has brought upon
us this wicked war.
And now, to be a little ironical again, I will put
a question according to old Guthrie, [a laugh,] in
the rule of three. If we have always been wrong;
if we have sprung and leaped—not crawled, not
walked—but jumped from weakness, from a hand-
ful of men, and from poverty to wealth, and have
always been under the frown of the eternal I AM ;
if we have jumped from poverty to be the mighti-
est power on earth—to a power that can feed and
fight the combined world—[a voice: " the ' com-
bined' world"]—yes, the combined worfd; I won't
alter a solitary phrase I mention; if we have done
all this, and always been in the wrong, what, ac-
cording to the rule of three, would have been our
power if we ever could have been right in one in-
stance? And again—(to go back a little, for in
attempting to speak on this subject, under the re-
strictions of the hour rule, I cannot be systematic)—
if this old wicked Madison and wicked Jimmy Polk
have brought upon us two wars wickedly, and we
have stood up one to four in Mexico, and stood
equal against the mighty British Power: if we have
been enabled to do this in two wicked wars that
have excited the frowns of Heaven itself, what
could we have done if we had been right? If our
brave boys that have been out yonder in Mexico—
and I will draw no distinction between Missouri-
ans, Indianians, IHinoisans, Mississippians, Ten-
nesseeans, and those from any other State in the
Union—I will just say this in one round word, we
all are of the same blood; we are of the same Anglo- :
Saxon race, and wiien we meet upon the field of
battle w'e are all one by the other, and one just as
brave as the other.
It is very true there may be some difference in
marksmanship. The western people, from using
guns every day, have the advantage simply in
taking bead, but there is no difference in their
bravery. That very Indiana regiment that I
stopped on, the other day when 1 was called to
order, I want to say something more about; and
in mentioning that regiment, Illinois wants no
praise; Missouri wants nothing to be said, nor
any other State. But one thing is very strange,
that this regiment from Indiana, although it had j
more officers and men that fell than any solitary i
regiment at the battle of Buena Vista, except my 1
fnend Richardsox's regiment, (where jshe?—he
is not present,)—I believe the report says, it stood
twenty-one rounds; it fired twenty-one rounds;
and it lost more officer* and men than any other !
solitary regiment that fought at Buena Vista,—yet, j
like those cowardly Missourians, reported by the i
very same officer at the battle of Ocheechubbee,
after they were perfectly overwhelmed by the
deadly fire, they fell back upon the baggage, and
could not be brought to order. There never was,
and there probably never may be—there never
was anything entered on the record like these two
battles of Sacramento and Brazito. Not that I
claim any preccdence for the Missourians above
any other people in the several States of the
Union. I admit you tire all as brave as we are;
we claim no pieference. But I claim the marks- :
manship; and you will see that there, at Sacra- j
mento, m thirty minutes, (for the main work was 1
done in thirty minutes,) by nine hundred men, j
there were as many of the enemy slain, or nearly !
so, as were slain at the battle of Buena Vista, j
where 5,000 of our boys were contending against 1
20,000 odd Mexicans. According to the official j
reports, I know it is called a three hours' battle; '
but, mark you, in thirty minutes nearly all the !
work was done; more than five hundred men, by \
nine hundred, were laid dead upon the field. They I
met them arm to aim, shoulder to shoulder, knife '
to knife, not in open field, as was done at Buena ;
Vista; but they attacked them m strong natural 1
and artificial defences, and drove them from those i
works in thirty minutes, and left more than five ;
hundred dead upon the field; killed and wounded {
more than their own number. This was the I
mighty work that markmanship did; there was no ;
moie bravery. Again, at Brazito there were only I
three hundred engaged, and the order was given j
that the So. 1 men should fire; they had no can- j
non there; no big guns; nothing but the rifle that j
they took the bead on. There were only three !
hundred against a force of moie than seventeen
hundred, charging with theit cavalry. These men j
had just gone through the ninety miles Jornada. 1.
It is defined by some to be the journey of a day,
but incorrectly: it is a desert, without wood or
water. In going through, the rule is, never to
touch one mouthful of victuals, because if you
touch food you want water, and you may parch
with thirst and die. These jornada were passed
through by Doniphan's men—one of ninety miles,
two of sixty miles, and one of forty miles. They
passed round, as it were, one-fourth of the circum-
ference of the globe. At Brazito, the No 1 were
ordered to fire first, to lay low, and whenever
the enemy approached within seventy yards to
fire. One hundred and fifty of them took their
beads, and that No. 1 pretty much killed ,or crip-
j; pled each their man; and that was panic enough
j; for the enemy; and what made it worse was, that
most of them were shot in the head, and they took
• ' up the panic that our boys had taken bead upon
!; the head on purpose. Rogeis, who fought at Bra-
j| zitn, and commanded a company there, was the
j' same man who fought at Ocheechubbee; he was
j! wounded at Ocheechubbee, in command of his part
; of the regiment. He commanded the same com-
ii pany from Callaway at Saciamento that he com-
1 manded at Brazito. A good portion of the same
officers commanded at Brazito and Sacramento that
j! commanded at Ocheechubbee. Although their
colonel was killed; although every solitary officer
that was in battle was shot down, and a lieutenant
fiom my own county assumed the command at his
part of the regiment, and himself was soon shot
down, yet they mostly retired to their baggage;
although they were put in the brunt of the battle,
ahead of-the regulars; and although there were
very many of the Missourians shot down at the
battle of Ocheechubbee, and they would have suf-
fered still more but for the relief furnished by Pos-
ter, (as I recollect,) with my battalion of regulars;
although they were swamped in the mud, and were
fighting at the distance of a pistol-shot for hours,
!■ until they were literally cut to pieces,—still they
'{ mostly retired, like this Indiana regiment, to the
j baggage.
j "Well, I presume after this that Missouri and
; Indiana would go for old "Rough and Ready."
! They will join the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stewart.] and will say, that although you
1 stand up against the war; although you stand up
against every act of General Taylor; although you
stand up against the President; although the Pres-
ident has brought about this war unconstitution-
ally; and although old General Taylor, knowing
, the fact, has been fighting in an unconstitutional
, war, and therefore committing murder upon mur-
der, yet you may think we will stand up to him;
you may do it also; you may show your consist-
; ency, and we will show ours.
' There is another point to which I will briefly
i turn the attention of the House; and I desire to m-
i jure no gentleman's feelings, yet I must speak out
! boldly. The gentleman from Illinois, from the
! Hardin and Baker district, [Mr. Lincoln-,] took
a strange position before the American Congress
for such a Representative. Yes, sir; look back
and see what your Hardin did. He was a Whig,
to be sure; he and I met hereon this floor, and we
disagreed, as far as politics are concerned; yet he
went from your district, (referring to Mr. Lin-
coln,) and fell nobly at Buena Vista. You have
a Baker, too, from your district, and that Baker
went along under General Scott, and he, too, was
in the bloody battle, and at Cerro Gordo com-
manded when the noble Shields fell with a grape
through his lungs. Coming from the district that
had thus been represented, both here and in Mex-
ico, it is astonishing to me how the gentleman could
make the speech here which he has.
I take the ground, therefore, that it is not neces-
sary—that it has never been considered by those
who have gone before us a debatable question,
whether we are in a war which is right or wrong, j
The question for a Washington, a Jefferson, a j
John Adams, a Samuel Adams, a Hancock, or a |
Henry, would have been, are we in war? are we ;
at war with an enemy ? If so, it devolves on us to I
sustain the honor and credit of the country, and j
bring her out the best way we can; and after the j
war is over, we may inquire as to whether the war
was got into right or wrong; or, as statesmen, we
may inquire before we get into a war whether we
have just cause or not. But the patriotism of these
old patriots, the men of the Revolution, of the pa-
triots of the last war, would not pt> mit one of you
to inquire into or debate the question, when in
war, whether we are in the right or wrong; but, are
we in war? and if so, we must get out m the best
way we can. My motto is, and I believe it will
become the motto of this country, the sentiment
given by Decatur, "May our country always be
right; but our country, right or wrong!" I believe,
sir, that the sentiment of Lawrence, who raised
his voice above the rushing of the elements, above
the cannon'sroar, and shouted " Right or wrons:,
never give up the ship," is the sentiment which
will be adopted in this country.
In concluding, I want to say that all I want in
the world of those who have taken sides here—if
any one has (for I am charging it upon nobody)—
if there is any one here or elsewheie who is going
to tukc sides, against his country, let him come
right up to the issue and stand boldly upon it.
Let there be no working around it, no attempting
to avoid it by procrastination, by incidental mat-
ter. Come to it at once; declare your object; let
the world know it; and I will venture to state a
thing that 1 had occasion to state not long since in
another place—and it is my own statement, it does
not come from the other end of the Capitol—that if
they take that ground they will be entombed so
deep, and the clods will be so heavy upon them,
that they will never be resurrected until the very
last trump from the archangel.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, rose and said, thot to
discuss all the topics properly belonging to the
pending war would consume more time than was
allotted to him by the rules of the House. He
must therefore content himself with a brief allusion
to the leading facts connected with the origin, pres-
ent condition, and probable sequel of our belliger-
ent relations to Mexico. The magnitude and
importance of this subject demanded of us the
most profound and deliberate investigation. It
was not a common question, involving as it does
the interests of every citizen, from the centre to
the circumference of this broad Union. Feeling,
as he most sensibly did, the weight and responsi-
bility that rested upon them, he confessed that it
was with no ordinary solicitude and trepidation
that he now rose to address the committee ; and he
could not but hope that the wisdom and experi-
ence of that body would prove amply commensu-
rate to the task that lay before them.
War in its mildest aspect was a great evil; and,
paradoxical as it may appear, it was sometimes a
necessaiy evil. It might be a crime or a virtue
according to circumstances; for all guilt and all
innocence are predicated upon and founded m the
motives and the piinciples that impel to action.
Suffice it to say, that that war is just which origin-
ates in a just cause or causes, that is conducted on
just and magnanimous principles, and that is pro-
tracted to a just extent. There is a scholium by a
learned author upon the political economy of war
which reads thus:
" There are no principles flowing from nature which war-
rant what, m the proper seri'-e of ihe term, called revenge
amongst nations. Natural justice extends not timber than
satisfaction and security. Nations acknowledse no superior
tribunal on eaith : the inflicting of punishment a, then-fore,
an unwariantahle usuipatmn of power, uhu-ii wa\ entitle a
people to the exercise of n itwnal ferocity, Gothic Ixu b n jl\,
but not to the national risrht '
u Nations have hut a limited right of reparation and de-
fence: no moie violence is lawful than that which is suffi-
cient to afford j-aUstaetion and secuntv; nuther aic acts of
hostility entitled to any Unther continuance; for in either
of these cases compulsion and defence would he destitute of
a just cau«e: the defender would consequently bceomc
guilty of an aggression, and give the original augre^ora ju-t
right for defence, as far as the limits of aju t and lawful de-
fence are exceeded."
From this we conclude that antagonistic nations
cannot be simultaneously right. Both parties may
be in error. One may be right and the other wrong;
and each alternately right and wrong.
Again,he would read from that celebrated author
(Vattel) upon the law of nations, the following im-
pressive paragraph:
" Whoevei ent^rtain^ a true idea of u ?u~whocvei con-
sider* its tcinbk' elfeet-., iN (le-trncme and imh.tppy con^e-
quencc-*,'—will rea<Hh agioe that it should ne\ei he undoi-
taken without the mo-t ut<r<-iif lea^on-. Iluuiaiiity icvolls
again-t .t sovereign who, nccc-, or \\itl.out very
powerful icason-, l,ivi.-sh<s the blood of hi- must faithful
subjects, and expose*. In* people to the calamities of war,
wh"n he has it in In-* pou er to maintain them in the com-
ment of an honoiable and '-silut.irv p>:«iee. And if to litis
imprudence, tin< want of love lot Ins people, lie moreover
add- injustice tow.mK those ho attacks of how groat a
cnme, «.r nnhei of what a frijihiful -encs* of crime.-*, doe,?
ho not become guilty ! Ue -ponMble for all the importunes
which lie draw* down on lu* own buhjeet-', ho i-- moieover
loaded with the guilt of all thoi-e which he intlict.-. on an
innocent nation. The slaughter of men, the pillage of cmos,
