1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
the devastation of provinces—such is tne blacfc catalogue
of his enormities. J 5c is responsible to God and account-
able to human nature for every individual that is killed, for
every hut that is burnt down. The violences, the crimes,
the disorders of every kind attendant on the tumult dud
licentiousness of war, pollute his conscience, and are set
down to his account, as he is the original'author of them
all. Unquestionable truths! alarming ideas I which ought
to affect the rulers of nations, and, in all their military en-
terprises, inspire them with a degree of circumspection
proportionate to the importance of the subject."
Entering, as Mr. J. did, into Congress at this
advanced stage of the war, it would naturally and
reasonably be expected that he would direct his
attention to the future rather than the past. In
order, however, to be correct in their deductions,
it was necessary to be correct in their premises.
They must
" Watch the wheels of nature's mazy plan,
And learn the future by the past of man."
An ancient and erudite Latin author (Virgil) has
said, " Happy is he who traces effects up to their
causes." Mr.J.'s views on the origin of this war
might be told in a few words. It was the bitter
fruits of the joint operation of the presumption and
folly of Mexico, and the blunders and mal-admin
istration of the affairs of this Government. Both
Governments had, iu all probability, departed fiom
the line of national rectitude, and may have actcd
alternately and reciprocally aggressive. And yet
had General Taylor's army not been ordered from
Corpus Christi, on the Rio Nueces, to the eastern
bank of the Rio Grande, there had been no war.
That the citizens of Mexico did commit, anterior
to the war, numerous outrages upon our citizens
and spoliations upon their property, was not de-
nied; and that she also had neglected an equivalent
indemnity, was as frankly admitted. It was true
that she liquidated the claims of our citizens to the
extent of $2,026,139 68, a part of which has been
paid.
[Mr. J. here read an cxtract from a report made
by the honorable John Forsyth, in 1837, and made
some allusion to the opinions of Presidents Jack-
son and Van Buren. He then continued:]
That the annexation of Texas to the United
States produced deep and lasting heartburnings in
the bosoms of Mexicans, was a fact well known
in both countries. The Mexican Minister, then
resident in Washington, entered hissolem^n piotest
against that transaction, and looked to it as a casus
belli) demanded his passports, and, returned to
Mexico.
[Here Mr. J. quoted the President's message of
1845, and also a letter from Mr. Slidell, dated Mex-
ico, December 24, 1845, and then said:]
"That while we believe that annexation was justi-
fiable under the then existing state of tilings, we
could not but apprehend that that transaction tend-
ed to sever the affections of Mexico from her alma
mater; and lie could only hope that the fruits of that
tiansaction might not prove as did—
 ''the siist fruit
Of that forbidden uca, who>e moilal ta*te
Biouijht death into the woild, and all our wo,
Willi lorn ot Eden.1'
And he ardently desired that it might not prove an
Achan in the camp, or a Jonah on board our ship
of state. It had been alleged that the rejection of
the Hon. John Slidell as Minister Plenipotentiary
a( the Court of Mexico completed the catalogue of
aggressions that justified the Government of the
United States in waging war. Such, however, was
not his opinion, after full investigation ot the diplo-
matic correspondence on that subject. Mexico
would have been willing, she proposed repeatedly,
to receive him in the capacity of a commissioner
to negotiate a boundary between the two republics,
but the Administration persisted in demanding that
he should be received with plenary powers. And"
this has been used as a llimsy pretext for prosecu-
ting a war, which has cost our country thousands
upon thousands ofvaluable lives,and millions upon
millions of dollars; and, to complete the budget of
blunders, and to render more palpable his consist-
ency., he has since despatched a commissioner in the
person of Mr. Trist. Thus do they—-
Wiie m and wire out,
And Iea\e a body still in doubt,
Whether the snake Hi at made the track
Was gumg south or coming back."
That the removal of General Taylor and his
forces from Corpus Christ!, on the Nueces, to the
Del Norte, thereby traversing the modern Meso-
potamia, was the prime and proximate cause of
hostilities, is now the settled opinion of the peo-
ple, and has been liberally endorsed by the leading
friends as well as the opponents of the Adminis-
tration. It was then that we crossed the Rubipon;
it was then the die was cast; and the sanguinary
calamities of Pandora's box were then spread out
on both nations. That was the crowning act of
Executive folly.
To prove that the desert country between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande was disputed territo-
ry, Mr. J. referred to a great variety of document-
ary testimony. He quoted from a speech delivered
by Mr. Senator Ashley on the annexation reso-
lutions, as follows :
"The third [of his own resolutions] speaks for itself, and
enables the United rtiates to settle the boundary between
Mexico and the United States propeily. And [will he e
add, that the present boundaries of Texas, as [ learn fiom
Judge Ellis, the President ol the Convention that formed
the Constitution of Texas, and also a member of the tirst
LegiUatuie under that Constitution, were fixed as they now
are, [that i*, extending to the Kio Grande,] solely and pio-
fessedly with a view of having a large maigin in the nego-
tiation* with Mexico, and not with the expectation of
retaining them as they now exist in their statuie book."
Again: Mr. Donelson, our Charge to Texas, or
the agent sent on to effect annexation, in a com-
munication of th^e 23d of June, 1845, to Mr. Bu-
chanan, upon the same subject, speaking of the
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande,
says:
" That country, you are awaie, has been in the posses-
sion of both patties. Texas has held in peace Corpus Clins-
u; Mexico has held Santiago,- [near Point Lsdbel;] both
parlii s have had occasional possession of Loredo, and other
places higher up."
Again, in a subsequent letter, dated July 11,
1845, Mr. Donelson says to Mr. Buchanan:
"Sir: You will have observed that m my correspondence
with this Government and Texas theie has been no discus-
sion of the question of limits between Mexico and Texas.
Tne joint resolution of oui Congie> s left the question an
open one, and the prelminiaiy proposition made by tins
Government, under the auspices of the Biitish and Fieneh
Goveimnuit^, a  the baMS ot a definitive treaty with Mexi-
co, left the question in the same ttate." " I at once decided
that we should take no such position, [on the Rio Grande,]
but should regard only as within the limits of our protection
that portion ol triritoiy actually po^s-osed by Texas, and
which ■she did not consider a^; subject to negotiation "
He had also the authority of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] who, when
he introduced the resolution of annexation, said
upon this subject:
 cThe stupendous deserts between the Nueces and the !
Bravo [the Kio Grande or del Norte] rivers are the natural j
boundaries between the Anglo-Saxon and the fviauritaman
races. There ends the valley of the west. There Mexico
begins. Thence, beyond the Biavo, begin the Moorish peo-
ple and their Indian associates, to whom Mexico piopeily
belong?-, who should uotero s that vast desert if they could,
as on our side we, too, ou^ht to stop there, because inter-
minable conflicts mu-t enMie from either our going t-outh or
their c oining noith of that gurantic boundaiy. Win It: peace
i- clieu-hefi, that boundary will be s-acred ATot till flu- j-puit
of coiKiUf'sit iaires will the people on either side molest oi
mix with each otlu'i; ami, \\ benevei llte.v do, one oi the
otlii-t race must be eonqueied, if not extinguished.''
Mr. J. here read largely from speeches delivered
by the Hon. T. H. Benton, the distinguished Sen-
ator from Missouri, whose testimony he thought
would be convincing in the court of Democracy, to
prove that the "stupendous desert" formed no
part of the old Spanish Texas. Amongst other
things, Mr. J. read the following:
" With respect to Texas, her destiny is fixed. Of course
X, who eon-ider what i am about, d!vv.i) i?peak of Texas as
constituted at the tune ol the treaty of 1H19, and not as con-
stituted by the Republic ot Texas, coinpiehending the capi-
tal and forty towns and villages of New Mexico, now and
ulvvajs as fully under the dominion ot the ltepubiie ot Mex-
ico as Quebec and ail the towns and villages uf Canada aie
under the dominion of Great Britain. Jt is of this Texas—
the old sjpani&h Texas—of which I always speak ; and of
her I  yy, her destiny is fixed. Whatever may he the fate of
the pie&unt movement, her destination is to tettirii to her nat-
uial position—that of a pait of the American Union.
" t adhere to thu discrimination between tiic two Te.xases,
and now propose to see winch of the two we are asked by
the President of the United Mates to incorporate into the
Ameucan Union."
Mr. Benton then went on to show what provin-
ces this line includes, their population, their towns,
their cities, &c.
" These,'' he says, " m addition to old Texas; these part*
of four State* ; these towns and villages; these people
and territory; these tlocks and herds; this slice of the Re-
public of Mexico, rwo lluusimd miles Lw> and .some hundreds
broad—all this our President has cut off troni its mother em-
pire, and pi events to us and declares it is oui.- till the Senate
rejects it. He calls it Texas ! and the cutting oft lie calls re-
annexation ! Humboldt calls it New Mexico, Chihuahua,
Coahuila, and Nuevo Santander, (now Tarn\uhpas,) and
the civilized world may quality this re-amiexation by the
application of some odious and ternble epithet.''
Mr. J. also read the following resolution, offered
by Mr. Benton when the Tyler treaty was before
the Senate:
Resolved, That the incorporation of the left bank of the
Rio del Norte into the American Union by virture of a treaty
with Texas, comprehending, as thesaijJ incorporation would
do, a part of the Mexican departments of New Mexico, Chi-
huahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas, would be a  act of di-
rect agression on Mexico, for all the consequences of which
the United States would stand responsible."
The late Hon. Silas Wright, who stood so em-
inently distinguished in the councils of this Union*
in a speech delivered at Watertown, in the State of
New York, spoke thus:
" I felt it my duty to vote against the ratification of the
treaty for the annexation. I believed thai the treaty, from
the boundaries that must be implied from it, embraced a
country to which Texas had no claim, over which she had
never asserted jurisdiction, and which she had no right to
cede." " It appeared to me then," he continued," if Mexico
should tell us, < We don't know you: we have no tieaty to
make with youand we weie left to take possession *by
force, we mu-«t take the country as Texas had ceded it to us;
and, in doing that, we mubt do injustice to Mexico, and take
a large portion of New Mexico, the people of which have
never been under the jurisdiction of Texas. This to me
was an insuimountabltf barrier; I could not place the coun-
try in that position."
Mr. J. would abstain from any further quota-
tions, except to state that Mr. Calhoun, at the
period before referred to, attempted to repel charges
brought against his treaty, and sought to show
that we never meant to claim the territory em-
braced in the act of Congress of Texas; but that,
on the contrary, we were very desirous to open a
friendly negotiation with Mexico for the purchase
of such a boundary as would be most convenient.
To express this purpose to the Mexican Govern-
ment, Mr. Calhoun wrote to Mr. Green, on the
19r,h of April, 1844:
" You are enjoined by the President to a^ure the Mexi-
can Government that it is his desire to settle all questions
between the two countiies which may grow out of this
treaty, oi any other cause, on the most liberal and satisfac-
tory terms, including that oj' boundary."
Such testimony, from such sources, (continued
Mr. J.,) could not fail to prove that the course of
the President was diametrical to the views of the
most distinguished statesmen of his own party.
Thus out. of their own mouths they were con-
demned.
Mr. J. then proceeded to show that the march
of General Taylor's army through the desert was
in obedience to the orders of the President, by
reading a eommuuication fiom Mr. Marcy, Secre-
tary of War, to Brigadier General Taylor, of the
date of 13th January, 1846, thus :
" Sir : I am directed by the President to instruct you to
advance and occupy, with the troops under your command,
positions on or neartlie cast bank of tile Eio del Norte, as
soon as it can be conveniently done with releicnce to
the season and the routes by which your movements must
be made/5
Mr. J. then proceeded, and said, in order to
make manifest the political fidelity and integrity
of the Piesident, it was only necessary to call the
attention of the committee to the following facts:
On the 15th of June, 1845, we find that Mr. Ban-
croft, then of the War Department, infoimed Gen-
eral Taylor that the point of his ultimate destina-
tion was the Rio Grande del Noite; thus moving
upon the disputed territory, which Mr. J. regarded
as«forbidden ground, as the action of Congress had
indicated a willingness to treat for the settlement
of that boundary. It had been left open to future
negotiation.
In the November following, Mr. Slidell was de-
spatched to Mexico in the capacity of a Minister
Plenipotentiary, to conclude a settlement of bound-
aries of the territory into which General Taylor, a
few months thereafter, was ordered to march, and
to possess with an armed force; and, even so late
as March 12, 1846, Mr. Buchanan, by official
communication, urged Mr. Slidell not to leave
Mexico, knowing, at the same time, that General
Taylor was advancing with his army to the Rio
del Norte. Thus we perceive the obvious union
of the hands of Esau and the voice of Jacob.
Far be it fro.m Mr. J. unjustly to impugn the
motives of the President or any of the high func-
tionaries of the Government. It was no pleasure
to him, nor was it his custom, to indulge in acri-
monious animadversion towards any individual,
either in high or low station; and, while he should
express himself unreservedly of their acts, he de-
sired to judge charitably ofiheir motives.
That which had happened was irrevocable. Let
us guard well the future.
Mr. J. then alluded to the action of the House a
few days since, in the adoption of the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
mus,] declaring that thiss war u was unnecessarily
