192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18.
and unconstitutionally begun by the President of
the United States," and, not having had an oppor-
tunity to record fiis vote upon that subject, he
would embrace this opportunity to define his posi-
tion on that point. He laid it down as a proposi-
tion that was susceptible of proof, that, notwith-
standing the offences of Mexico were such as
might have justified, in the opinion of many, prep-
aration for war on the part of the United States,
the Chief iMagistate of this Union was not autho-
rized insidiously to adopt such a course as would
inevitably result in hostilities, irrespective of the
voice of Congress then in session; and more espe-
cially, as the war-making power was, by the fratri-
ers of the Constitution, wisely and cautiously with-
held from the Executive Department. Nor was
it confided to the Judiciary Department of this Gov-
ernment. in Congress, and Congress only, was
this power vested. To prove which, Mr. J. first
read Story on the Constitution, (vol. 3, p. 59, ch.
21,) on the power to declare war and make captures,
as follows:
"^1163. The next power of Congress is to 'declare war,
grant letters of marque and lepn-als, and make i tiles con-
cerning captures on land and water.' [See the 11th clause,
8th section, 1st auicie ot the Constitution of tue United
Statei.]" ;
Also, section 1165 of the same chanter, thus: '•
"The only practical question upon tins subject would ,
seem to be, to what department of tue National Government
it would be raostwi.se and safe to confide tins high preroga- 1
tive, emphatically called the last resort of sovereigns, u thaa i
yrdiorezuml In Great Britain, it is the exclusive prerogative '
ol the Crown, and in other countries it is u>ually. it not um- j
verbally, confided to the Executive Department. It might ,
by the Constitution have been confided to the Executive,~or ;
to the Senate, or to both conjointly.5' !
He also read the following from the same au-
hority:
"The representatives of the people are to levy taxes to
support a war. and therefore have a right to be consulted as
tout; propriety and necessity. The Executive is to carry
it on, and therefore >hould be consulted as to its time, and
the ways and means of making it effective The coopera-
tion of all the branches ot the legislative power ought, upon
principle, to be required in tins, the highest act ol legisla-
tion, as it is in all others Indeed, there mi^it be a pro-
priety even in enforcing ^tiit greater restrictions, as by
requiring a concunence ot two-thirds of both Houses.**
Again, p. 6i: "§1172. The power to declare
war is exclusive in Congress."
From chapter 37, section 1486, page 342, he read
the following:
'• The power of the President, too, might well be deemed
safe, since he could not of hun-eif deel ire u ar, rai^e armies,
or call forth the militia, or appropriate money lor the pur-
pose; for these poweis ail belong to Congrt.-?. in Great ,
Britain, the King is not only eommander-m-f hief oi tne ,
army and navy, and militia, but he can declare war; and in ;
time of war. can raise armies and navies, and call forth the •
militia of his own mere will." ' j
He thanked God that the rights and privileges
of th'e American people were not yet subject to the
prerogative of a crowned head.
Mr. J. also read at length from the Letters of
" Helvidius," (alias President Madison,) on the
proclamation of neutrality of 1793, as follows:
"Every just view that can he taken of this subject ad-
monishes the public of the necessity of a jigid adherence to
the simple, the received, and the iundamental doctune of
the Constitution, that the power to dreJaic war, including
the power ot judging ot tne causes of war, is ful.y nnd exdu-
sivcly ve-ted in tne Legislature; that the Executive has no
right, in any case, to decide the question whether theie is
or is notcdu^e for declaring war ; that the right of conven-
ing and intb.mmg Congiess, whenever sucn a question
seems to call loi a decision, is all the tight which the Con-
stitution ha«> deemed requisite or proper, that tor sm.h, more
than for any other contingency, this right was specifically
given to the Executive.
"In no part ot the Constitu£bn is more wisdom to be
found than m the clause wnieh confides the question of
war or peace to the Legislature, and not to the Evecutive de-
partment. Besides the objection to such a mixtuie of het-
eiogeneous povvi-r.-, the trust and the temptation woul i be
too great for any one man ; not such as Nature maj oner as
the piodigy of many centuries, but such as may be expected
in the ordinary succession ot magistracy. War is, m fact,
the true nutse ot Executive aggsandizement. In war. a
p!i\sieai loree is to he created ; and ir is the Executive will
m Inch is to direct it. In war, the public treasures are to be
unlocked : and it is the Executive hand which i- to dispense
them In war, the honors and emoluments of office arc to
be multiplied; arid it is the Executive patronage under
which they are to be   njojed. It is in wai, fmallv,'that lau-
rels a;e to begaiheied; audit i-. tne Executne lirow they
aie to encircle. Tile stiongest passions and moot d inger-
ous weaknesses of the human breast—ambition, avaiice,
vanity, the honoiaMe oi venial love of fame—are all m con-
spnacy against the dut> of peace.
" JFlenc 'it has giovvri into an axiom that the Executive is
the department or purer nio-t di^tingiush"d by its propen-
sity to war; hence it is tne practice or a'l date-, m propor-
tion as they are tiee, to disarm tins propensity of its influ-
ence."
Mr. J. remarked, that we have had many Pres-
idents, but only one W ashingto>j. The President
that assumes the authoiity to exercise the war-
making power per se, snatches away the columns
that support the temple of liberty, strikes a direct
blow at the foundation of our republican institu-
tions, and constitutes himself the master and not
the servant of the people. Such a course would
be to demolish the fundamental principles of free
government, and establish a monarchy upon its
ruins. And such a course would be the triumph
of the one-man power over the sovereignty of the
people; and such is the tendency, but'he forbore
to say such was the design, of the present Admin-
istration. But he would say that the course
pursued by the President was an assumption of
authority unknown in the administration of his
predecessors. When the limits between the bound-
aries of Spain and the United States were unset-
tled, Air. Jefferson refused to order our troops to
take possession of the disputed territory, upon the
express ground that" Congress alone was consti-
tutionally invested with the power of changing our
condition from peace to war." How diametrical
had been the cou. se of " the powers that be;" and
how often is n the case that—
"Man, proud man,
Dress'd in a httle mief authority,
Plays such fantastic tricks before high Heaven
As make the angels weep."
And how appropriate is the language of Solomon '
to the signs of the times: " When the righteous -
are in authority the people rejoice, but when the .
wicked beareth rule the people mourn." ;
Then, he asked, under all the circumstances, ;
shall the Congress of the United States—shall the ;
Representatives of a great and a free people—shall ,
l,aRrepresentative from the noble State of Georgia, j
one of the good old Thirteen—from the land of i
Gwynett, and Hoil, and Walton, of Oglethorpe, ;
and Crawford—with folded arms sit mutely down,
and, with closed lips and silent tongue, see the
great tree of liberty, planted and cultivated by our ]
ancestois, and under whose genial branches the
nation has prospered and reposed in satety for 1
more than half a century ; shall 1 see it quivering -
in every branch beneatn the scathing haibeid of i
every Executive folly and usurpation, and make |
no eifort to protect it liom Executive misrule and
party violence? Shall we witness its eradication,
and make no attempt to arrest the spoiler's blow.'
Shall we not sound the tocsin of alann, and&ioiue
the slumbering indignation of a too confiding peo- '
pie? I know not what course others may pursue;
for myself, 1 can only say that— ,
" Though perils did abound as thick as thought could make :
tntin,
And appear in forms more horrid,
Yet my duty, as does a rock aganstthe chiding flood,
Should the approach oi this wild river break,
And stand uns.iaken"—
by the Constitution.
" For great were the hearts and strong the minds
Or those who framed, in high debue,
The immortal league of love tnat binds
Oui fair bioad empire State with State."
And what, sir, is the condition of Mexico ? The !
reverses and the vicissitudes of that Republic have i
been varied and multitudinous. After the conquest
of Cortez, dating from 1521, she remained as a !
Spanish colony for more than three hundred years; !
and m 1821, having shook off the fetters of Cas- I
tihan bondage, she became an independent repub- 1
lie. But, as early as 1835, we find her relapsing 1
into consolidation and centralism. In 1848, we '
find her realizing the horrors of anarchy. What !
was right in regard to the things of yesterday may j
be wrong when applied to those of to-day. Our '
present relations to Mexico are not what they were :
in the incipiency oi' this unhappy conflict. *A few I
years ago, and she was not without hope. She ,
had the courage and the energy to gain her inde-
pendence, but lacked the virtue and intelligence to :
maintain it. Hers was a delusive dream, and i
widely different has been the reality. And the
history of her brief career strikingly exemplifies !
that Scriptural admonition, " Let him that think- ;
eth he standeth take heed lest he fall." For now, i
in her public and private relations, as well as in 1
her civil and military affairs, she bleeds at every j
pore. Iturbide and Hidalgo, Allende and More-
los, Bustamente and Santa Anna, have each, in
their turn, risen, and reigned, and fallen, and Mex- i
ico is independent Mexico no more. Torn to
pieces by the treachery and the intrigue of her '
corrupt and ambitious leaders, and galling and I,
cringing beneath the iron yoke of a bloated and a
mercenary priesthood at home, and driven from
seaboard to mountain, and from mountain to sea-
board, by the invincible soldiery of Taylor andof
Scott; too proud and too obstinate to yield, and
yet too feeble much longer to defend and protect
her silver sierras and her verdant valleys; unwil-
ling to abandon her firesides and her altars, nnd
that soil which she has so long and so profusely
watered with the blood of her heroes—she presents
a melancholy picture of humiliation and disgrace,
unequalled, in modern times, by the tragic fate
of unfortunate and down-trodden Poland. And,
though " grim-visaged war hath" not " smoothed
his wrinkled front," the watch-word and war-cry
of patrician and plebeian is, " God and Liberty! 9
Imagination portrays the last gallant platoon of
her army clambering up the pyramid of Cholula,
and with Warsaw's last champion—
i( Oh, heavenly cry, our bleeding country save '
Is there no hand on high to shield the brave ?
Yet, though destruction sweep these lovely plains,
Rise, fellow-men, our country yet remains;
By that dread name we wave the swoid on high,
And swear with her to live, for her to die.'"
Or, rallying within the moss-covered walls of
her ancient cemeteries, and clustering around the
crumbling: tombs of their fathers and their mothers,
and exclaiming—
'•'When Hope's expiring throb is o'er,
And even Despair can prompt no more,
T!u= spot shall be the sacred grave
Of the la>t few who, vainly btave,
Die for the land they cannot save."
To be brave is to be generous: to be noble is to
be just; and to be great is to be good. The Amer-
ican eagle, guided in her upward and her onward
flight by the dauntless spirit of her unwa\ering
chivalry, and sustained and supported by the in-
domitable prowess of American arms, now snieads
in triumphcintgrandeurhis broad and potent pinions
over that magnificent palace where once rose up
the spacious halls and the golden domes of the
Montezumas.
The banner of our country now waves in vic-
tory upon the embattled heights of Monterey, and
throws out its star-lit scintillations from the lofty
towers of San Juan de Ulua, and along the walls
of the great city of the Cross; \vh I3 the sepulchral
voice of death whispers from the Aceldamas of
Buena Vista and Cerro Gordo, an 1 comps up in
wailmg notes from the gory plains 0:'Ciiapultepec,
Churubusco, Comreras, and MoLno del Rey, the
cry 4' enough !" " enough 1" while the Alameda and
Plazas of her political capital and her commercial
emporium are the Champ de Mars of our army. The
sceptre of the ancient Aztecs ha3 well nigh departed,
and the hope of the Mauritanian race has fled for-
ever. Exhausted and emaciated, she is tottering on
the verge of national annihilation, and to be, or not
to be, is now the question. She is now left to
choose between desperation and disgrace. But I
would ask this House and this country, has the
virtue and the magnanimity of our patriot fdtheis
degenerated in the bosoms of her sons3 Let me
hope not. I would ask, shall the hitherto spotless
fame of our gallant army and navy be tarnished
by a participation in the sanguinary scenes of
savage warfare? Shall they become polluted by
the spoils of war and Vandalic licentiousness!
Never, never 1 True glory is the reword of virtue,
and not of vice.
The mighty and the numerous tribes of the red
men of the forest have given back, and yet further
back at the approach of our ancestors and our-
selves. Twice have the legions of Albion's Isle
acknowledged the supremacy of our arms; and the
victors of Castile and Arragon more recently suc-
cumbed to the sons of Washington. Looked up to
as the model Government of the world, nnd hold-
ing out the regis of freedom to every land, let us
not be unmindful that ''righteousness exalteth a
nation, and sin is a reproach to any peonlc." A
great cause has been committed to out keeping.
Let us he faithful to the trust. The political des-
tinies of 20,000,000 of people are perhaps suspend-
ed on the deliberations^ the 30th Congress. Our
fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and
their sacred honor to bequeath us freedom, many
of whom paid down the price. Over this rich
boon let us watch with a vigilance that never
sleeps, and guard with a jealousy that admits no
encroachment, and "protect it with a'valor that
never surrenders. •
There are other facts connected with this sub-
