194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
who should read bis remarks, and who might not
have access to the documents, might know all
about it, he intended, with some degree of delibera-
tion, step by step, to examine this matter.
He did it for the purpose of showing that the
Whig party, or at least that portion of it who
wished ro make General Taylor their candidate for
the Presidency, when they held that this move-
ment was the' cause of the war, were doing it as
a mere pretext, and were hypocritical in making
the charge.
What were the facts? The resolutions of an-
nexation passed the Congress of the United States
on the 1st of March, 1845, before Mr. Polk came
into office. On the 6th of March thereafter, Gen-
eral Almonte, then the Mexican Minister to this
country, demanded his passports and went home,
alleging as die reason for this that his Government
would regard the act as cause of war. His Gov-
ernment at home went accordingly to issuing their
war pronunciamentos, and raised and organized
an army with the avowed purpose of reconquering
Texas to the Sabine. In view of these events, the
Government and people of Texas demanded of this
Government protection. Mr. Polk had come into
power finding these resolutions of annexation the
law of the land. He could do no less, according
to his sworn constitutional duty, than afford them
the protection they asked. In the month of June,
1845, he selected General Taylor, over the heads
of all other officers, his seniors in rank, and made
him his confidential officer to command the forces
for the protection of Texas. On the 15th June,
(to which the gentleman from Georgia referred,)
it is true, he told General Taylor his ultimate des-
tination would he the Rio Grande; but on the 8th
July the President very materially modified his
instructions. Through the Secretary of "War, he
wrote as follows:
££ WAR Department, Ji/ty P, 1845.
<l Sir: Thi* d<-pir£:nent is informed that Mexico has some
military e^tabh-hmeiits on the e.i&t side of the Rio Grande,
which aie, ami foi some tune have been, in the actual occu-
pancy of her troop--. In eariyim* out the instructions hereto-
fore received, you will b.; caielnl to a\oid any acts of aggres-
sion, unle-s an actual suteot war should exist. The Mexican
forces at the po<t- m then po^se t«ion, nnd which have been
so, will not be di-Ucbed a> long a* tiie relations of peace
between the United State-? and Mexico continue.
mt. l. .marc'V.
"Brig (Jen. 7, Tavi.ou ''
This was dated July 8. Mr. R. said it was a
very material modification of the first letter,of in-
structions given by Mr. Bancroft, the acting Sec-
retary of War. This letter was received and
acknowledged by General Taylor before he left
New Orleans. On the 30th July, before General
Taylor had yet taken his position in Texas, the
Secretary of War wrote him a third and stili more
definite letter as to the objects of his mission. He
wished to call the attention of the House to this
letter particularly, for he held that upon it the whole
argument turned; and he wished to show that the
President, in giving his instructions to General
Taylor, was discreet, cautious, aa much so as a
man need be. The Secretary of War wrote thus
to General Taylor:
" lie [tiie President] has not th" requisite information in
regard to the eountn to enable him to ^ivu any pojitive di-
rections as I) thf puMtion >ou ought to take, or the move-
ment* which it miv be> expedient to ma'te These mu^t be
governed by cr cuni^tance-'. While a\ oiding, as you have
been inducted t,> d>. all rggressive measure* towards
Mcxico, a-5 ions: the relations ot peace exist between that
Republic and tuc Tinted States*, you are expected tonce-npy,
protect, and d."end the territory of Texas, to the extent
that it has been occupied by the people of Texas. The Rio
Grande is claimed to b." the boundary between the two
countries; and up to this boundary you are to extend your
protection, only excepting anv posts on the ea-tem'-ide
thereof whkh are m il.c a< tual occupancy of Mexican
torce.s, or >Ieu -on settlements over which the Republic of
Texas did not excrete juu.-dtction at the period oi annex-
ation, or slioitly b -fore that event. II is expected that, in
selecting th- e&'MsSuiiment lor your Hoops, \ou will ap-
proach as: near tin: boundary hne -the Rio" Grande  
piudenee will dictate. With tins view, the Pro-idem de-
sires that; our po-mon foi .i pait of your forces, at least
should be VL-t of Us. mcr>7uec<s '' 3
This was the 30th July, 1845. Several other
letters of like tenor and effect were written to
General Tciy^r during that summer and fail, I-Je
would read sSirt extracts from one or two of thern
only. On the ;)3d of August, of the same year,
the President   ain said to GeneralTaylor, through
Secretary Mm cy :
"The mfor.ij I'mn hitherto received as to the intentions
of Meue ) itiiu ?*e nmu'ures -die may adopt, does not ena-
ble the A Imiiistration here to giv? you mor explicit in-
structions in legard to yout movements tiian those which
have already been forwarded to you.'5
What<c instructions" were these? Why, they |
were " to occupy, protect, and defend the limits of j
Texas to the extent that it has been occupied by \
the people of Texas, or to the extent that the Re- 1
public of Texas had exercised her jurisdiction. ■
Well, with these two letters of instructions of the
8th of July and the 30th of July before him, the j
one telling him that there were Mexican posts on j
this side of the Rio Grande, and the other that he :
was only to occupy and defend the territory of ;
Texas, as occupied by the people of Texas, or over j
which Texas had exercised jurisdiction, what did I
General Taylor do in the premises? In answering ;
the letter of the 30th of July, he acknowledged its
receipt on the 15th of August at Corpus Christ!,
and said:
" Our ia^-t miil (which was paved with dirT-.culfy from the
wreck of a schooner on the 13th instant) hiouziit your com-
munications of July 28 and 30—the latter enclosing a letter
of the Secretary of War of the same date. I am gratified
to find that my measures thus far have met the approbation ,
of the Government and General-in-chief, and, particularly,
to find that T have but anticipated the wishes of the Presi- ;
dent in taking up a position west of the Nueces." :
He had already got beyond the river Styx, or '
beyond the Rubicon, as the gentleman over the
!| way said. ;
I, Now, on the 4th of October, with his instruc- !
11 tions before him, that he was only to occupy and
11 defend Texas so far as Texas had been occupied
by its people, or so far as the Government of Texas 1
had exercised jurisdiction, he says, writing froi$ ■
Corpus Christi: ;
"For these reasons, our position thus far has, I think, ■
been the best possible ; but, nowtha1 the entire force would i
soon be concentrated, it may well be a question wliethei I
the views of the Government would be earned out by our
remaining at this point."
General Taylor was down there on the Rio
Grande, two thousand miles from this Capitol; he
had facilities for knowing how far Texas had occu-
pied the country or exercised jurisdiction that Mr. '
Polk had not. Hence, Mr. Polk had given him a ■
carte blanche—had allowed him to use his own dis-
cretion in the premises. With this power and *
those instructions before him, he said: u It is with -
great deference"—he seemed to be aware, said Mr. '
R., here, that he was treading on ground that
propei\y belonged to the Cabinet and not to the
field—"that I make any suggestion on topics
' which may become matter of delicate negotiation; ,
' but if our Government, in settling the question
' of boundary, makes the hne of the Rio Grande an ,
* ultimatum, I cannot doubt"—he could not doubt
what5 That (o move an army would brim: on war?
That it would be an invasion of Mexico :—"luui-
' not doubt that the settlement would be gieatly fa-
' cihtated and hastened by our taking possession at
' once of one or two suitable points on or quite |
i near that river."
There, then, General Taylor gave it as his de- ;
liberate opinion, that it would not be an invasion
of Mexico; that it would not probably bring on a )
war between the two countries, but that it would i
" facilitate and hasten" peace by moving the army t
to the Rio Grande. Now you talk of making this '
same General Taylor your candidate for the Presi- i
dency. Suppose he had been your President, !
could you expect him to have acted otherwise as 1
President than ho advised the President to act when ,
general of your army?
But further, in the same letter: i
" Our s-treneth and state of prepajation should be display-
ed m a manner not to be mistaken. However salutan may 1
be the effect produced upon the border people by our pies- j
enee here, we aie too far from the frontier"'—not bevond it, I
then, (said Mr. R.)— to impress the Government oi Mexico
with our re.idiiiefs to vindicate, by force o? aims, if neces- j
sarv, our title to the country as fai n< th^ Rio Giande. The :
£ atniy of occupation' will, in a few days, be concentrated !
at this point, in condition for vigotous mid efficient service. ,
Mexico having as yet made no positive declaration of war,
or committed any oveit act of ho tihtie-, J do nor, f"e! at
liberty, under my instructions, particularly those of July S,
to make a foiwaid movement to the Rio Giande, without ■
authority from the War Department." .
Again, under the same date, he says :
<cTn Crtse a foru «tid movement should lie ordered or au~
tanvized, 1 would recommend the adoption of Point Isabel
and Laredo as the best adapted to the purposes of observing
the course of the river and covering the fiontier settlements
of Texas."
He recommended (said Mr. R.) these two points
—one at the mouth, the other a good way up the
stream—as best adapted to do the very thing he
was sent there to do, to wit: to cover and protect
the frontier of Texas. So much for that letter,
merely adding, by way of a parenthesis, that it has :
been frequently brought a? a complaint against the i
; President, that he sent him there with too small a
j- force. But, bearing on this point, General Taylor
I added, in a postscript: " Should any auxiliary
| i force be required, I propose to draw it wholly
] ( from Texas. I do not conceive that it will be-
| 'come necessary, under any circumstances, to call
; ' for volunteers from the United States." Yet he
i had ample authority to do so, (said Mr. R.,)as may
| be seen in the very letter of instructions of the 13th
j of January, 1846, which finally took him. there.
! Just here he would pause a moment. This let-
1 ter was written on the 4th of October. Why was
it that the President of the United States did not,
, in accordance with the suggestions of Gen. Taylor,
! then give linn the order to go to the Rio Grande,
'where he suggested he ought to go? Why.
because this much-abused President, who was
charged with precipitating the country into a war
; with Mexico wantonly, wickedly, wns «o anxious
I to aveit this calamitv. He was about making ap-
i plicanon, through Mr. Black, our consul at Mex-
! ico, for sending a Minister there, and asking that
j Government if they would receive him. Applica-
1 tion was made, Mexico agreed to receive one, and
early m November, Mr. Slidell was sent.
Pending this attempt at negotiation, the President
thought it unwise to comply with the suggestions of
' General Taylor. The General was a little ahead of
! him. Mr. Shdcll was sent there. Heamvedat Veta
Cruz the 30th November; he reached the capital the
1 6th December, and was finally rejected, not later
I than the 24th, he believed the 21st of December.
: He had recently seen it stated, in a great manifesto,
: issuing, he believed, from Lexington, that the
; President, whilst his minister of peace was wend-
ing his way to the capital of Mexico, gave the fatal
: order to the army to march from Corpus Christi
, to the Rio Grande. So far from that being true,
1 Mr. Slidell reached the city of Mexico on the 6th
| December, and was rejected on the 2lst; ahd the
| order for the advance of the army was not given
| sooner than the 13th January, when all attempts
i at negotiation had failed. I say all attempts had
1 failed; for in five days after Herrera's reaction of
1 Mr. Slidell, his own Government was overthrown
by Paredes, who had revolutionized against him,
because he (Herrera) had agreed to receive a min-
ister of peace from the United States in the month
of October previous. I say this was the ground
of that revolution, as was openly avowed by Pa-
redes, and subsequently acknowledged by Herrera,
when appointed a commissioner to treat with Mr,
Trist. (See his letter, Executive Document No.
1, page 41, of this Congress.) The order was given
on the 13th January, after the Mexicans had re-
. fused to receive Mr. Slidell at all, to look into his
! instructions, or talk about making a treaty. Now,
I let us see the order of the 13th of January. On
j the 13th January, 1846, the Secretary of War,
; writing to General Taylor, says:
j Sir : I am directed by the President to instruct vou to ad-
I vance and occupy, with the troops under your c-mmand,
I positions on or near the east bank of the Rio del Norte, as
' soon as it can convenientlv be done with reference to the
. season and the route by which your movements mu-t be
1 made. From the views heretofoie presented to this depait-
; ment/'—[what views 5 a-ked Mr. R. The views -ubmiited
1 by General Taylor on the 4th October previous]—J!it ^ pre-
sumed Point Isabel would he corwidered by you an eligible
1 position Tim point oi some one near it, and points oppo-
site Matainoros and Mier, and in the vicinity of Latedo, are
suggested for > our consideration. But you are left to your
better knowledge to detemane the post or po -ts which >ou
; are to occupy, :is well as the question of dividing jour forces
with a view to occupying two or more posilions."
This is the final order for the advance of the
.■ army after it was known that Mr. Slidell would
' not be received; and in that final order the Presi-
i dent, through the Secretary of War, only complied
| with the suggestions of General Taylor, and told
hnn he presumed these points would be consider-
■ ed eligible, because recommended before.
! He did not review this matter for the purpose of
attaching blame to General Taylor; not at all. He
, believed he did right; that his suggestions were at
the time good. Pie did it merely for the purpose
of showing the hypocrisy of the party who de-
nnunced Mr. Polk and lauded General Taylor.
' On the 13th January, the Secretary of War dis-
; tinctiy told General Taylor:
; " In the position you mav t iko in carrying out these in-
, structiorx and oilier movements that may be made, the use
; of the Rio del Xnrte may b" very convenient, it not neces-
«arv. Sh-mbl \ <->u attempt to e'xercis-c the right which the
, United States have in common with Mexico to the free navi-
. gation of tliii® uver, it is probable Mexico would interpose
! I resistance. You will not attempt to enforce that right wuh-
- out further mstruGtion .,,
