1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
The Secretary of War here tells General Taylor
that if the free navigation of that river is disputed,
without further orders from the department, not
to undertake to enforce it. But General Taylor,
not only without order, but in violation of order,
did undertake to enforce the right to the exclusive
navigation of the Rio Grange. He (Mr. R.) would
not say this was wrong ; he believed General Tay-
lor did right; he mentioned it merely for the pur-
pose of showing that the man whom some of
them proposed to make the President of the United
States was ahead of the President all the t\me. He
believed if General Jackson had been there, he
would not only have gone up to the bank of the
Rio Grande, but he would not have waited there
for Arista to cross over and attack him; he would
have taken the initiative. He believed he would
have been justified in so doing, for a man was not
bound to wait until he was knocked down before
he attempted to defend himself; he might antici-
pate the blow, and prevent it if possible.
Bat in order to show beyond all question or
cavil what were General Taylor's views as to what
would be the effect of Ins movement to the Rio
Grande, he (Mr. R.) would quote from still an-
other letter, and one written, too, after he had re-
ceived the order to go. It is his letter dated
"Corpus Christi, Texas, February 4, 1846," in
which he says;
'•In leply u> the call of the Secretly for information as to
what inedn>, if au\, will be required ' to enforce and main-
tain our common riyht to navigate' the Rio Grande, 1 would
respectfully stale, tint until I reach the river and ascer-
tain {he condition of things* in thefrontiei States of Mexico,
temper of the jvople, &e., I cannot  ive any satisfactory
answer to the question. I have every reason to believe that
the people residing on the river an1 well disposed towards
our Government. Ow wloun.e to the Rio Grande ni/l itself
produce a powerful and it may he that the common nav-
igation of the river will not be disputed, it is very important
to ii>. and will be indispensable when posN are established
higher up, as must ultimately be the case."
Here he talks of the u powerful effect " his 11 ad-
vance Use if" would have, and evidently thought
that so far from producing a war, it would averttlmt
very calamity. The navigation of the river was
** important " to us—u indispensable"—as posts
" must " he established higher up that river.
Mr. R. said he wished now to quote one other
letter of General Taylor's, and he would leave this
branch of the subject. It is his despatch of April
26, after hostilities had commenced, as follows:
" Hea.i)QUa,rterSj Army of Occupation, >
u Camp near Matamoros, '1'cxat, Jlpril 23, 1816. )
"Sir; t have respectfully to report that General Arista
timved in Matamoro* on the 24th instant, and assumed the
chief command ol the Mexican tioop-*. On the «.ime day
he addressed me n tommuim at ton, conc civ<'d m <.oui teou->
termv, but siying that he consideicd hostilities commenced,
and should prosecute them. A transition of his note, and
copy of inv leph , w ill he n.insnntt.'d the moment they can
be prep.ued I despatch fhis by an express wnu-h 1- now
waiting. Itcgtetto repoit that a put* of diagoon-, M>tit
out by me on the :24th 111-Unt, to watch the course of the
nvci above on tbn bank, became engaircrt with a very large
force of the enemy, and after a >hoit affair, 111 which some
sixteen weie killed and wounded, appear to have been sui-
Tounded and compelled to sui render. Not one of the paity
has ictumed, except a wounded man sent in thb morning
b\ the Mexican commander, so that I cannot repoit with
confidence the particular of the engagement, 01 the fate of
the officers, except that Captain U ndue w.ts known to be a
piisoner, and unhuit- Captain Thornton, and Lieutenants,
M ison and Kane, were the other officers. The party was
sixij-thiee siiong.
" Hostilities may now be considered a-j commenced, and
I have tiih day deemed it necessary to call upon the Gov-
ernor of Texas for fonr tegnnents ot volunteers, two to be
mounted, and two to s<,rve as foot. As fome delay must
occur irt colleetingthese troop*?, I have aho defied the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana to send out foui regiments of infantry
as soon as piacticable. This will constitute an aimhaiy
force of nearly five thousand men, which will be leqmied
to prosecute the war with energy, and cany 11, as it ■should
be, into the enemy's country. J tru^t the dep irtment will ap-
prove my course in tins mattei, and wili give the necessary
orders to the staff departments for the supply of this large
additional force.
"If a law (;ould be pa«!>ed, authoiizing the President to
raise volunteer-? for twelve month*, if would be of the
greatest importance for a set vice so remote from support as
this.
'l I am, sir, very respectfully, your ob°dient servant,
" Z. TAYLOR,
"Brevet Brig. Gen. JJ. S. Jl., commanding.
ec The Adjutant General of thk Army,
"Washington, D. C'.:'
Mr. R. said he had quoted this letter for two
purposes : First, to show that General Taylor,
while on the bank of the Rio Grande, opposite
Matamoros, considered himscl(still in Texas. He
so dates his letter—distinctly " Texas." Second,
to show, that inasmuch as hostilities were then
commenced by Mexico, the war should be prose-
cuted with "energy," and carricd info the u EN-
EMY'S COUNTRY." Though then where his
affected votaries and advocates for the Presidency
now declare was already in the " enemy's country,"
he did not so think, he did not so speak: but he was
in favor of getting over there without delay.
Mr. R. said he might here pause again, and ask
the country what they thought of the consistency,
the political honesty, of a class of politicians whose
whole artillery was levelled at Mr. Polk, because
he had, in obedience to General Taylor's own
suggestions, ordered him to go where he wanted to
go—where he expressed so strongly the opinion
he could produce such a ii powerful" and " salu-
tary" effect by going—yet, at the same time, advo-
cate- this general's claims for the Presidency, for
and in consideration of the identical acts which they
declare are sufficient to authorize the impeachment
of Mr. Polk? Such a course is, however, char-
acteristic of them throughout their whole history.
It is worthy of them. It appears to be the last
shot in their locker. They have been struggling
for power ever since I recollect, and long before;
yet they have succeeded in secuiing but one sin-
gle Congress in about twenty years—that which
came into power in 1841—ami we all know what
was the end and fate of that. When they at-
tempted to put their principles into practice, they
at once became so odious, that they were swept
out of power by an overwhelming torrent of indig-
nation. Since then, they have sunk the old issues;
they stand .upon them no longer; they are now
attempting to get into power by taking sides
against their own country when it is engaged in a
foreign war. Who doubts the issue, let them rally
under what leader they may?
There was one other pretext to which he wished
to turn the attention of the committee, in reference
fo the commencement of this war. It had frequent-
ly been stated here and elsewhere, that the Con-
gress of the United States were in session at the
time this order was given, and were wholly unap-
prisedofit; that they were taken by surprise.
Let them see how much truth there was in that
statement. On the 1st December, 1845, some time
before this order was given, and six months befoie
the war commenced, the President of the United
States, in his annual message, told Congress :
"The moment the terms of annexation offered by the
United States were accepted by Texas, the latter became
so far a part of our own counttv as to make it our duty to
afford &ueh protection and defence. I therefore deemed it
proper, ns« a precautionary measure, to order a stroiui squad- |
ron to the eoa^tof Mexico, and to concentrate an efficient
military force on the western frontier of Texas. Our army
was oidered to take position 111 the countiv between the
Nueces and the Del Noite, and to repel nnv invasion of the
Tevan temtory which mia[ht be attempted hv the Mexican
Ibices Our sqnadion in the Gulf was< onieted to coopeiate
with the aimy." ,
Now, here, in his annual message in December, ,
1845, the President distinctly told Congress that J
he had ordered the army to take a position be- j
tween the two rivers, and repel any invasion oP
the Texan territory. But still more. Mr. Secre-!
tary Marcy, in his report of the same date, said: j
" The ready acceptance on the part ofTexas of the teims i
of annexation profFeied by this Government excited the ill- 1
will of tin: Government of Mexico. That lepnhlie menaced J
the immediate commencement of hostilities against the j
United States, and set on loot, a^ it was said, oxtenHve 1
preparations to invade and subjugate Texas. I'uisuant to j
your direction*, an army of occupation was a-sumbied in i
that State, and Brigadier General Taylor aliened to the |
command of it. He was instructed to repel Mexican aa;- !
grtt-sions and protect the countiy fioin Indian invasions:
to rejjaid the Rio del Norte a* its western boundaiy; and :
to select a position for his force-? with reference to this i
frontiei; but to leave unmolested Mexican settlements,and :
alro military posto, should theie be any «uch posts ran the
east bank ot that liver, which were in the occupation of
Mexican foiees previously to the period when Texas absent-
ed to the terms of anru:.\ation."
Here they found that the Secretary of War, in j
his annual leport in December, 1845, reasserted !
I the fact that General Taylor was sent between i
! these rivers and ordered to protect Texan terri-
tory up to the Rio del Norte. Yet you allege (said
Mi. R.) that in the spring of 1846 you were taken
all by surprise.
Still more, they found in the letter of the com-
manding general, (General Scott,) accompanying
the President's messageof this date, thefollowing:
"The movements of tioop-s in the direction of Toxa* have
been numerous. Tiieie aie now in that count! v detach-
ments from the fom i cements of'artillery, the whole of the
2d drigoons, tlie 3d, 4th, 5th, ?th and 8th ipgimenu of .in-
fantry, which (about 4,000 men) compo-e the army of occu-
pation, under Brevet BnjradierGenera! Taylor, an officer of
hi?h merit. YVnat detachments he may have made fiom
Corpus Qftristi, or what provisional posts occupied, under
t ie instructions of the War ^Department, time has not yet
permitted us to learn. But from his known character, that
of his general staff, commanders of corps, officers and men,
theieif, no doubt the army of occupation will be more than
sufficient for any defensive exigency likely to occur in that
quarter."
They saw (said Mr. R.) in all these annual re-
ports, in reference to this movement, that Con-
gress was fully apprized ofit. It was known what
General Taylor was doing there, where he was,
how far his instructions went. With what grace,
then, (he asked,) can you come before the country
in 1846, in the month of May, and tell therti you
were taken by surprise? that you had never read
the documents laid on your tables for the very pur-
pose of giving; information on this subject?
General Taylor, notwithstanding he was or-
dered to take up his line of inarch as early as Jan-
nary, did not move from Corpus Christ! until the
11th March, 1846. With the army he arrived on
the banks of the Rio Grande on the 28th of that
month. Now, if Mr. Clay's allegation had any-
thing in it in the world—if it had any foundation,
they saw how far he had missed the mark; that
was to sav, if the order to Genet al Taylor to go to
the Rio Grande, or his actual march to that river
had any influence in preventing the reception of
Mr. Slidell, he (Mr. Clay) was sixty days wide
of the mark; because, notwithstanding the order
was given the 13th January, he did not commence
his march until the lltli of March, and did not ar-
rive at the Rio Grande until the 28th of that month.
On the 12th April General, Ampudia ordered Gen-
eral Taylor to withdiaw. On the 24th, Genera!
Arista notified General Taylor that hostilities had
commenced; and on that day Ampudia crossed
over the river, and the attack was made on Thorn-
ton's command. Here, then, the first  un was
fired, the first blood was spilt, by order of Ampudia;
not by order of Mr. Polk or of General Taylor.
He would not pursue this subject further. Suf-
fice it to say, it now reached Washington that our
army down there was surrounded; that it had been
attacked; a division of it had been cut off. Con-
fess moved promptly, and passed a war-bill; they
placed at the command of President Polk ten mil-
lions of dollars, fifty thousand volunteers, the army
and navyand militia, and told him to prosecute
this war to a speedy termination.
Now, he asked those who were here and voted
for this war bill then, with what grace they could
now turn round and declare that Mr. Polk was
the author of this war. Why did they not tell
him to bring back our army within our rightful
limits, our proper jurisdiction ? They had gone
too far. For the purpose, however, of bringing
rrproach upon a Democratic Administration, of
obtaining a pretence wherewith to attack the De-
mocracy, they were ready to acknowledge that
they voted a lie.
They were ready to stultify themselves, too, by
telling the country they knew nothing of what
was m the President's annual message and accom-
panying documents,laid on their tables five months
before. They were ready to calumniate the very
acts of their own favorite chieftain, (General Tay-
lor.) And in relation to boundary, they repudiate
the established and hitherto acknowledged geog-
raphy of the country, its political history, and
even trample under foot the authority of their
own leaders, most of whom have always acknowl-
edged the Rio Grande to be the true boundary.
They do more still; they assign as a cause of this
war, what Mexico herself has never assigned :
she says she is fighting about Texas—Texas to
the Sabine, not to the Nueces.
Congress had now been in session seven weeks;
this was the seventh week of the session. So
far as this House is concerned, those of us on this
side of the House (said Mr. R.) are utterly power-
less in respect to the control or management of
business. We can do nothing. Our votes, how-
ever, have shown that we have attempted to fur-
ther the public business—that we have at least not
attempted to letard it. We have voted, day after
day, to refer the President's message, that the
stand ins; committees of the House might take it,
parcel it out, and bring bills forward in accordance
with or against its recommendations, as they see
fit; in short, that we might go to work. The op-
position, however, who had the power,had refused
this, and the message was not yet referred. You
told the country, (continued Mr. R.,) that if you
got the power, you would stop th s war; that it is
a wicked, unconstitutional one; that the Demo-
