1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
-4-
Mr. ASHLEY. I would ask if this is the same
bi!J that was before the Senate last year?
Mr. "WEBSTER, Exactly the same, word for
word.
Mr. ASHLEY. This bill received the unani-
mous concurrence of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, from which it was reported without an
amendment. The committee, however, is now
somewhat differently constituted from what it was
' then.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
THE SUBJUGATION OP MEXICO, ETC.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted on the 13th instant by Mr.
Mangum:
Res&lvetl, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to lay before the Senate all the plans, estimates, and
•calculations presented by General Scott, as m his opinion
fcest adapted to attain the objects of the war; and hw opin-
ion touching the military means necessary to accomplish the
objects of our Government in any and all the alternative
views that have b^en considered by the Executive or sug-
gested by Genera! Scott to bung the war with Mexico to a
close, jf not inconsistent, in the opinion of the President,
with the public service.
Mr. MANGUM said: The resolution, as at first
introduced, contained the usual clause, "if it be
notincompatible with thepublicinterests," because
it is regarded as due to official decorum, when a
matter is to be laid before the Senate in open ses-
sion. The resolution, as now modified, leaves it
to the discretion of the President to lay the infor-
mation before the Senate, either confidentially or
otherwise. It becomes necessary, therefore, to
strike out the latter part of the resolution as it
originally stood, because I do not recognize any
right in the President to withhold from this body
any information that may be necessary to biing
them to a correct determination. I think, sir, that
under our system we are entitled to all the infor-
mation which pertains to the official discharge of
our duties.
Mr. SEVIER. It is not my purpose to discuss
this resolution; but I must be allowed to say, that
calling upon the President for the plan of a cam-
paign recommended by the commanding general
seems to me to be wholly without example. And
I believe, sir, that the view which I entertain in
relation to it is also entertained by many gentlemen
here.
Mr. S. moved to lay the resolution upon the
table.
Mr. MANGUM demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Ba^hy, Brad-
bury, Iiutlei, Caincion, l)«ivi> ol Mivsis^jppi, Uickni
son, Dix, Dowlas Downs, Frleh, Hannegnn, Hunter, Lewis,
jMooi, Soviet, Stuigeon,Tuniey, and Yuiee— •£}.
NAY'S—Messrs."Hadger, Hnldwiii, Jk'll, Bcriien, Bright,
Calhoun, Clark*;, Dayton, GiOfiie, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Spiuance,
Underwood, Upham, and Webster ~20.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The following bills were severally considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and were ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and were subse-
quently read a third time and parsed:
The bill for the ^relief of Miledge Galphin, ad-
ministrator of the last will and testament of George
Galphin, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Talbot and
others.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill to raise an ad-
ditional military force for a limited period; when—
Mr. BADGER addressed the Senate at length
in opposition to the bill, and to the views of the
Executive, in relation to the war with Mexico.
[At Mr. B's request, no report of his remarks
is published in the Congressional Globe. His
speech, prepared by himself, will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. FOOTE then signified his intention of ad-
dressing the Senate upon the bill before them; but
as the hour of ad journment had arrived,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 19,1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. CRO WELL,from the Committee of Claims,
' reported a bill for the relief of John P. Converse.
Read and committed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of William B.
Norris. Laicl on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
same committee, made an adverse report on the
petition of A. H. Hughes. Laid on the table.
Mr. GAYLE, by the unanimous consent of the
House, moved the following resolution, which was
read and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to this House a copy of any instructions he may
have given to the postmaster at Mobile, m lelation to the
postage to be charged on steamboats not m the employ of the
Government.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
il An act to reorganize the General Land Office,"
approved July 4, 1836 ; which was read three
times, passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
rence.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following res-
olutions; which were read and adopted : '
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be discharged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of Landon G. Chambers, of Virginia, asking to have
refunded to htm certain money lost in its passage through
the mail.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads be discharged from any further consideration of the
subject to them referred relating to the seridimrof letteis and
newspapers fiee of postage to those engaged in the navy of
the United States,in the Gulf squadron, or off the coa-t of
Mexico, the same being already provided for by law.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Fuller and
Orlando Saltmarsh. Read and committed.
Mr. KAUFMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution for the relief of George R.
Smith. . Read and committed.
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, made an adverse report on the petition of J.
H. Overstreet and George'B. Didlake. Laid on
the table.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs; to which was referred the Senate bill to
provide clothing for volunteers in the service of
the United States, reported the same without
amendment; and thereupon it was read a third
time, passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. BURT, from the same committee, reported
bills for relief of Bennet M. Dell; to increase the
efficiency of the regiments and corps of the army,
and to provide for disabled and infirm officers; and
to found a military asylum for the relief and sup-
port of invalid soldiers of the army of the United
States ; which several bills were read and com-
mitted.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of David Robb. Laid on the table.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill of the Senate
concerning certain collection districts,and for other
purposes, reported the same back to the House
without amendment; and it was then read a third
time, passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was referred bills from the
Senate for the relief of Joseph Wilson; providing
for the payment of the claim of Walter R. John-
son against the United States; and a bill making
additional appropriation for the dry dock at the
Brooklyn navy-yard ; reported the same back to
the House without amendment. The bills were
committed.
Mr. LEVIN, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill to amend an act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th day of June, 1848," approved
March 3, 1847. Read and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of certain forward war-
rant officers in the navy. Read and committed.
Mr. TUCK, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of H. D. Johnson. Read and
committed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
moved the following preamble and resolution;
which was read and agreed to:
Where}!* Francis Harper died on the 38th of March, 1837,
after his election from the 3d distnetof Pennsylvaniato be a
member ofthe House ofRcpresentatives of the United States,
and his death was omitted to be announced to the House
as usual during the 25th Congress: Therefore,
Resolved, That the CJerk cause the usual monumentto he
erected in the Congiessjonai burying-ground to the memory
of the said Francis Harper.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of New York, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported
bills for the relief of John Manly, and for the relief
of Sarah Stokes; which were fead and commited.
Also,.from the same committee, an adverse re-
port upon the petition of T. Campbell. Laid on
the table.
Mr. DONNELL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Esther Russell. Read
and committed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the petition
ofWm. B. Edwards. Laid on the table.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill to promote the progress ofthe
useful arts; which was read, and committed.
Mr. HENLEY, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Joseph
Nock. Laid on the table.
"" Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, reported
a bill to pay James Crutchett $3*000 for lighting
the Capitol and Capitol grounds; which was read,
and, after a short debate, committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSQJX, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referied the bill of
the Senate supplementary to the act entitled " An
act to regulate the exercise of the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court in certain cases, and
for other purposes," reported the same with an
amendment. The amendment was read, and the
bill informally laid on the Speaker's table,
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to authorize a loan not
to exceed the sum of eighteen millions five hun-
dred thousand dollars; which was read, and com-
mitted.
Mr. McKAY gave notice that on to-morrow he
would, on the part of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, report a substitute for
the billjust reported by Mr. Vinton.*
president's message.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr,
J. R. Ingersoi.l, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,)
on the President's annual message and the resolu-
tions referring the same to appropriate commit-
tees.
Mr. TUCK rose and said that lie was glad, in
view of the important questions pending before
the country, and in regard to the critical condition
of the country at the present time, that the effort
which had been made to close debate on the mo-
tion to refer the President's message had not been
successful. He believed when the attempt was
made, and he still believed, that more time might
be profitably occupied in discussing the important
topics contained in- that message; and he felt that
it was somewhat unreasonable in the; gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] to ask that debate
should be closed, when he had consumed about
one-eighth of all the time which had been given to
the consideration of this document. He was the
more surprised, because the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. R.,] who was so able a defender of the
; President—as able as any honest man could desire
J to have—had failed, like all his associates, to give
1 to this House and to the country any information
j respecting the amount of patriotism or foresight
i possessed by the President when he admitted San-
i ta Anna and his troop Sf powerful friends into
Mexico. He had expected that, before disposing
of the President's message, the people of the Uni-
ted States would have been able, to obtain some
light on that subject. The " pass" given by the
President of the United States to Santa Anna and
some thirty or forty of the most intelligent Mexi-
cans in his train, to him, most assuredly, looked
like giving " aid and comfort to the enemy,
if it were not indeed the creation of an enemy;
and if it were in the power of the friends of
the President on this floor to give the inform-
ation which was so loudly demanded by the
country, and show that it was an act that could
be deemed either patriotic or prudent, he hoped
it would be give^ before this debate came to a
close. It had been said that the delay which
had been attributed to this body was a giving of
