1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOilE.
199
analysis which, if true, pledged this Government,
now and forever, to the protection and propaga-
tion of slavery. He called attention to this con-
struction, as being a very essential and proper
cause of the anxieties of the people in respect to
slavery.
In the same letter, last quoted from Mr. Upshur,
he goes on to say;
"Although those non-slaveholding States are as much
opposed to the institution as England herself, yet the Con-
stitution of the United States lays them under obligations
in regard to it, which, if duly respected, wou)d sccure the
rights of the slaveholder."
Mr. Calhoun, Secretary of State, m a letter to
Mr, Pakenham, under date of April 18, 1844, in
regard to Texan annexation and slavery, says :
" It is with still deeper concern the President regards the
avowal of Lord Aberdeen of the desire of Great Britain to
see slavery abolished in Texas, and, as he infers, is endeav-
oring, through her diplon^cy, to accomplish it, by making
the abolition of slavery one of the conditions on which
Mexico -frhould acknowledge her independence. It halS
confirmed his previous imptessions as to the policy of Great
Britain in reference to Texas, and made it ins duly to ex-
amine, with much care and solicitude, what would be its
effects on the prosperity and safety of the United States,
should she. succeed m hei endeavors. The investigation
has resulted in the settled conviction that it would be diffi-
cult for Texas, in her actual condition, to resist what she
desire®, without supposing the influence and exertions ot
Great Britain would be extended beyond the limits assigned
by Lord Aberdeen; and that if Texas could not resist the
consummation of the object of her desiie, it would endanger
both the safety and prosperity of the Union. Under this
conviction, it is felt to be the imperious duty of the Federal
Government, the common representative and protector of
the States ot the Union, to adopt, in self-defence, the most
effectual measure to defeat it. * * * To hazard conse-
quences which would be so dangerous to the prosperity and
safety of tins Union, without resorting to the most effective
measures, to pievent them, would be, on the part of ihe
Federal Government, an abandonment of the most solemn
obligation imposed by the guarantee which the State*, m
adopting the Constitution, entered into to protect each other
against whatever might endanger their safety, whctbcrlrom
without or within."
Mr. T. read other passages to the same eficct.
Now, before this Government made any further
progress, even of one step, he wished to know—
the people of the United States wished to know—
if that sentiment was well founded. They were
anxious to know if the Constitution, by which
this Union was cemented, required this Govern-
ment to support the institution of slavery.
This was a point which must be settled. If
they had a jurisdiction which authorized them to
sustain it, they must necessarily possess'the power
by which they could restrain it.
Let gentlemen from the South consider whether
to establish a construction1'which makes it our
duty to sustain slavery, will not inevitably intro-
duce the doctrine that we may constitutionally re-
strain and abolish it. Let us have a construction
liberal for the purposes of slavery and of freedom
also; but not a construction free as regards slavery,
but strict as tegards freedom.
It is because the entire strength of the Execu-
tive branch of the General Government has been ,
put forth to strengthen and maintain the institu-
tion of slavery, that the people of the free States
have become alarmed and excited upon this sub-
ject; it is because our Secretaries of State and
diplomatic Ministers have dared to stretch forth
the strong arm of the General Government for the
protection of slavery, that we of the North have
shown such deep sensibility on this subject. Is
it not just and right that we of the North should
take this stand ? Are we to sit still, with our arms
folded, and behold all the great functionaries of
this Government wielding its vast power in de-
fence of an institution which we all abhor, and
which we contend is not known nor ever recog-
nized in the Constitution ? Do not southern gentle-
men perceive that if the power of the General Gov-
ernment may be wielded in defence of their peculiar
institution, the time may come when the same power
may be invoked to restrain and to suppress it?
When our forefathers met to form the Consti-
tution, they came from every section. Those who
came from the North came with feelings of bitter
hostility to and abhorrence of slavery. They had
come crowned with laurels from the revolutionary
conflict. They had just written, in characters of
living hght, the declaration—the truth of which
they had sustained with their blood—that men are
born free and equal. They had said—
" We know no cume in color'd skin,
Kor think the God above
Could iix the hi and of slave upon
The children of his love.
To them a charter he unfurlM—
A birthright fair,
To man, his heir—-
'Twas freedom to the world."
Such was the sentiment of the men of the North,
who had periled their lives, their fortunes, and
! their sacred honor, in defence of the principles of
universal liberty, and of the doctrine that liberty
is the gift of God, and not of any Government or
potentate. With such sentiments, they went to
the work of forming a constitution. They went
with a deep, and settled, and immovable prejudice
against the institution of slavery, to which the South
clung as necessary to their prosperity. They be-
lieved that when the child first breathed, he was
furnished with a charter from God, which secured
to him life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;
and, unless the history of the world shall be falsi-
fied for the future, we cannot take away that right
and be safe; for the God above will send upon us
fearful retributions for acting* in violation of the
rights which he has given.
Laboring under the difficulties and dangers of
this difference between the North and the South,
as shown by the debates, in regard to slavery, the
entire control of the institution was reserved to the
States wherein it existed. Nothing m regard to it
was delegated to the General Government, but the
States weie left in the same position as under the
Confederation. To make this still plainer, article
tenth of the amendments was adopted, by which it
was declared that the power^ not delegated were
" reserved to the States respectively or to the peo-
ple." Such was the sentiment on which the com-
pact was based, and in that spirit the North has
always acted. But there was a great mistake per-
i vading the minds of many men in relation to the
anti-slavery movement. Perhaps-he himself did
not fully understand it; yet he was certain that he
should not abandon his deep-settled convictions in
regard to the policy of the Government, and a free
expression of them because of being denounced as
an abolitionist. He had long since resolved to care
more about the correctness of his opinions than
about the epithets that it might suit the interests or
the malice of some people to apply to him. The
people saw that the institution of slavery was sus-
tained by positive laws, and the gentleman who
applied to him and others the epithets of " Feder-
alists," "Abolitionists,5' &c., would not find those
who were so denounced desirous to overthrow the
provisions of the Constitution, or to disregard the
obligations of any law made in accordance with
it. On the contrary, many would be found in that
class that were willing to sacrifice nil in the de-
fence of constitutional liberty. They believed they
could have no liberty but according to law; cer-
tainly not in disregard of law. They were willing
to keep the guarantees of the Constitution. The
people of the free States hold the blessings of per-
sonal liberty assauedly as the slave States do the
privileges of slavery. The free States delegated
no more power to the Federal Government to in-
volve them in slavery than the slave States did to
involve them-in its abolition. The people of the
free States were not obliged to shed one drop of
blood nor pay one cent of their money to support
it. If Virginia claimed the right to sustain slavery,
New Hampshire also claimed the right to be ex-
empt from it or to contribute to its support. They
were on the defensive, and, being sustained by
the literature, the moral sentiment, the religious
convictions of every civilized and christian nation,
they should not recede. They should stand firm,
immovable, on their solemn convictions :
<< constant as ihe Northern Star,
Of whose true, fixed, and resting qualify
There is no fellow m the firmament."
They claimed ail exemption from the sin and
the shame, the expenses and the retribution of
slavery:
" We ask not ye shall snap the links
That bind you to your dreadful slaves;
Hug, if \ou Will, a corpse that stinks.
And bear it with you to your graves :
; But that you may go, coupled thus,
\ Yon never sliall make slaves of us."
I; Under the Constitution of the Federal Union
11 they demanded an exemption from all connection
jj with slavery, and until they were exempted this
II country would never have quiet. He did not say
| to the South, he did not believe that they would
I have quiet at any time if they adhered to slavery;
i for they could not have peace until the South £ot
rid of it themselves, for it was an institution which
I was derogatory to the honor of man, and was a
violation of the laws of God;-and, unless they had
the power successfully to oppose the decrees of
Heaven, they could not stand on that institution
and prosper.
He admitted there were difficulties thatsurround-
ed the subject, but he claimed exemption from all-
connection with the institution. This was a posi-
tion which he had assumed elsewhere "as well as
here. Gentlemen had talked of the fanaticism of
abolitionists, but they should bear in mind that the
excitement in this country in relation to the insti-
tution of slavery had grown out of the aggressions
of the slave power on the free States, and in con-
sequence of its having been proclaimed to the world ,
that wc hve under a Constitution that compe!s this
whole Union to sustain and extend the institution
of slavery. He admitted it was " fanaticism"
which disturbed the peace of this Union and intro-
duced agitation and danger into the halls of Con-
gress; but it was the fanaticism of slavery and not
ofanti-sldveiy. I charge the President with fanati-
cism, not only for involving us in war in behalf of
slavery, but for recommending, in his message to
the two Houses of Congress, that they should take
the money of the nation and pay, not for slaves, but
rather for free men unsuccessfully attempted to be
reduced to bondage by Spanish pirates. Such a
recommendation ought at once to meet with an
emphatic condemnation.
Mr. T. here referred to theexactions of the slave
power, not only in the monopoly of influence, pa-
i tronage,and office, butalso in applyingthe national
purse and army to subserve slavery. He said, at
the close of the war of 1812 a large number of fugi-
tive slaves, free negroes, and Indians, established
a settlement in Florida on the Apalachicola river,
built a fort, and commenced the cultivation of the
neighboring country; but our national forces, paid
for their service by a common treasury, in obe-
dience to the request of slaveholders, attacked that
fort, blew up the magazine, destroyed three hun-
dred negroes on the spot, and returned several
hundred mote to bondage. This was the valley
of Wyoming on the escutcheon <jf slavery, and
would not be forgotten.
He also said the Seminole war and the millions
spent in it were in defence of and for theextention
of slavery. He spoke of the enactment of slave
laws in the District of Columbia, which had within
a few days countenanced kidnapping and crime
worse than murder, under their own eyes. He
said that Northern Representatives did not dare to
inquire into these evils on account of their subser-
vience to slavery.
He alluded to the expenditures in negotiations
to recover indemnity from England and other na-
tions for self-emancipated slaves, anil to prevent
West Indian emancipation. He said it was be-
lieved that hundreds of millions had been paid to
sustain, defend, and indemnify slavery prior to the
Mexican difficulties. Talk not of fanaticism at the
North against slavery, when such immense sums
have been exacted from us for its support. Talk
rather of the fanaticism of those who understand
their mission to be to propagate slavery; who
announce in legislative resolutions that it is a
problem yet to be solved whether a Republican
Government can long continue which does not
toleratfe domestic slavery.
He next proceeded to examine the immediate
causes of the war, and said it was a work of super-
erogation to adduce more proof; that he thought
the President himself was convinced, and he did
not "believe that one in a hundred of the people
doubted, that the war was unnecessarily com-
menced by the President. Let us (said he) recur
to some facts. First, the President took posses-
sion of the land between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande, which, if not clearly Mexican territory,
was in dispute. This was an act of war. He
blockaded the mouth of the Rio Grande, and
thereby cut off supplies to the Mexican army then
at Matamoros, in their own country.- This was
an act of war. • .
He built a fort opposite Matamoros, supplied it
with cannon,- pointing into the heart of that city,
and manned it with a force capable at any moment
of sending destruction among the Mexicans. This
was an act of war. ...
All this happened ten days before hostilities by
Mexico were commenced. At length Captain
Thornton, with a company of dragoons, attacked
a lar<*e force, and some sixteen were killed and
wounded. This was the first blood that was
