200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
poured out on the valley of the Rio Grande. War
was forced upon the Mexicans, and it was next to
impossible to make them fight. Let the preamble
asserting that the war was begun by Mexico ever
bear the name of the " lying preamble."
This is a war for the maintenance and exten-
sion of slavery; the people see it, know it, and
feel it. It will end in the complete subjugation of
Mexico, by the necessity of the case, unless speed-
ily arrested. The people demand that it cease;
that if there be no other way to stop it, it should
be starved to death by the same vote whfch has
declared it unnecessary. Shall slavery, he asked,
be extended by the national arm ? Shall we per-
mit this war, conceived in sin, and brought forth
in iniquity, to be waged any longer? Shall we
invoke the fearful judgment upon us of Him who
rules in heaven and on earth, and without whose
notice not a sparrow falls to the ground r
He regretted that his time would not permit him
to examine the array of fearful apprehensions that
this war brought before him.
The multiplication of slaves ; the multiplication
of military heroes, scarcely less calamitous: a
standing army; a Mexican proconsulate, an in-
tolerable Executive patronage, and the eventual
failure of our republican experiment, were the ob-
jects which he saw in the distance; and he besought
gentlemen to consider and to unite in one patriotic
effort to extricate the country from the ruinous
gulf she was entering.
He was willing distinctly to state his position
in regard to supplies and to the acquisition of ter-
ritory. As to supplies, it was his conviction to
grant none, except to bring the army home by the
shortest route. Thus let us restore the nation
status ante bellum. We had virtually declared the
war to be wrong on our part. Let it, said he, not
be ours to say—
" We know the right, and we approve it too ;
We know the wrong, and yet the wrong pursue.-'
As to territory, (he said,) he thought we now
had more than was profitable, and all that anything
but extravagant folly could desire. Yet, as terri-
tory was so likely to be acquired, he was irrevo-
cably pledged to the reenactment of the ordinance
of 1787, or otherwise to the passage of the Wilmot
proviso.
Mr. T. said he knew the denunciation against
men entertaining such sentiments as those he had
expressed; but his convictions were deep, and his
course was plain. He should stand by his coun-
try, and should give "no aid or comfort" to sus-
tain a war that dishonored the country, and endan-
gered our dear-bought privileges. He should stand
by his country, as Burke, Barre, and Chatham
stood by England in the time of the Revolution.
They gave sound advice, and solemn remon-
strance, which, if observed, would have saved
the colonies. He should stand by his country,
should denounce this war, expose the hypocrisy,
ambition, and wickedness of its authors; should
also, to the extent of his ability, warn the people
against the danger of sustaining it. If this was
treason, men might make the most of it.
The hour allotted to Mr. T. here expired.
Mr. McLANE next addressed the committee,
and said he somewhat regretted that it was his for-
tune to follow in debate the gentleman from New
Hampshire, whose allusions to the subject of sla-
very were offensive to the pride and refinement of
every gentleman, he hoped, from every State of
our Federal Union, who respected and venerated
our Federal Constitution. If, in the course of his
remarks, he should have occasion to refer to the
same subject, he should do so with great respect
for the local institutions of every. State in the
Union, be it free or slave, however much he might,
as the representative of a slave State, feel wounded
at the offensive allusions so freely offered in this
House by gentlemen who regarded themselves as
men of a single idea,
Mr. McL. continued, and said, that but for the
extraordinary declaration made by this House, at
the morion of an honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Ashmfn,] denouncing this war
as 44 unconstitutional,"(fec.j&c.,! should notthink
it within my range to engage the attention of the
committee with the origin of the Mexican war.
Whatever opinion I might have entertained, I
could not hnve reconciled myself to a voluntary
expression of sentiment, the record of which on
the Journal of this House necessarily discredited
our own Government, and falsified the records of
both branches of the National Legislature. Sir, had
we thought it wise to abandon the war, and with-
draw our armies to the east of the Rio Grande,
and adhere for the future to a defensive war with
Mexico, it would be, in my judgment, unneces-
sary, if not derogatory, to raise an issue of veraci-
ty with a former Congress—appealing to partisan
zeal at home or abroad to determine whether we or
our predecessors have voted " a falsehood." But to
make such a declaration after we have refused to
-withdraw our armies, exposes to insult and shame
the brave men we have pushed forward into Mex-
ico—aiding, and comforting, and encouraging their
enemies, while we chill and demoralize public sen-
timent at home, and render it impossible to raise
succor and reinforcement for those whom we re-
fuse to recall, on the same day and hour that we
discredit and dishonor their service.
I regret that a majority of this House have taken
a very different view of our mutual obligations;
and, in my judgment, insensible to the honor of the
Government and the pride of our illustrious soldiers,
they would attach their falsification of the nation-
al record to a vote of thanks, by which it was
proposed that the Congress of the United States
should convey to General Taylor some light ex-
pression of the respect and admiration felt for him
by his fellow-citizens. This association of such
a declaration with the name of General Taylor,
will appear still more unfortunate when some ref-
erence is had to the particular acts of the President,
which constituted the illegality or unconstitutional-
ity of the war. There are those in opposition, sir,
who consider the annexation of Texas as the first
and great violation of law that caused the war, and
the military and civil conduct of the President
as the immediate occasion of the war ; others, who
justify the act of annexation as legal and constitu-
tional 9 without regard to its wisdom or expediency,
are obliged to rest the illegality and unconstitution-
ality of the war upon the orders of the President,
which they allege were issued without the concur-
rence of Congress, and immediately caused the
war. It would be difficult, sir, to determine which
of these propositions involves the most inconsist-
ency, supposing either to be the ground of com-
plaint against the Governmentof the United States.
If the annexation of Texas was the illegal and
unjustifiable costts btUi, then the occupation of any
part of Texas, east or west of the Nueces, was
necessarily an immediate act of offence on the part
of the American Executive. But it was also neces-
sarily the result of that obligation to execute the
law of annexation imposed by the Constitution on
the President.
On the other hand, if the act of annexation was
legal and constitutional, but regarded by Mexico as
an act of war, then no movement of the Execu-
tive connected with the defencfe of the new terri-
tory, even without the concurrence of Congress,
can be treated as the cause of the war. Sir, the
course of the Opposition on this point renders it
necessary to look back a little at the history of this
" act of annexation." I shall not, however, weary
the committee with more on this point than a re-
view of facts, which confute the declaration that
the President, by his own illegal act in occupying
the territory west of the Nueces, without the con-
currence of Congress, caused the war. It will not
be denied, sir," that the act of annexation was a
formal act of the law-making power of our Gov-
ernment. The army of the United States was not
moved beyond the Sabine until a convention of the
people of Texas had acceptcd the terms of annex-
ation offered by Congress. This was in the sum-
mer of 1845, when the Government of the United
States assigned General Taylor to the command of
the army of observation, destined to defend and
protect the soil of Texas, informing him that his
i ultimate destination would be the western frontier
j of Texas, on or near the Rio Grande. (See Mr.
I Bancroft's despatch in June or July, 1845.) In
| December, 1845, Congress was informed that Gen-
! eral Taylor had been assigned to the defence of the
j country west of the Rio Grande. In the same
j month, and after receiving this information, Con-
j gress, by a formal net, consummated annexation,
i and extended American jurisdiction over the whole
I of Texas, without reserve or limitation. A refer-
I ence to this act of admission of the State of Texas
I (29th December, 1845) will show that it was the
j State of Texas that was admitted, with a consti-
tution already formed, affirming the declaratory
i statutes which defined the boundary west to the
Rio Grande; and with such boundary she was ad-
mitted a State into the Union. This act of Con-
gress settles the question at issue, and establishes
the concurrence of Congress with the President in
taking possession and sovereignty over the country
west to the Rio Grande; for on "the same day An-
other act was passed, extending, in general terms,
the laws of the United States within the State of
Mr. CRISFIELD here interposed, to say that
his colleague was wrong in point of fact.
Mr. McLANE said, that if he was wrong in
the statement he had made, the burden and all the
injury would rest upon him.
'Mr. BOYD and Mr. CRISFIELD here made
some additional remarks, which were not audible
to the reporter, being addressed to Mr. McLane,
near whom both gentlemen were seated.
, Mr. McLANE replied, that it was to him a mat-
ter of indifference, whether the Texan constitu-
tion of 1836 did or did not define her boundary.
Mr. KAUFMAN, of Texas, being appealed to
by several gentlemen around him, (interposing,)
said: The constitution of the Republic of Texas
did not define the western boundary of that State.
It was defined, however, by a law of the first Con-
gress of the Republic of Texasfc passed in Decem-
ber, 1836. The constitution of the State of Texas
declares all laws of the Republic of Texas in force
not repugnant to the United States Constitution,
or the annexation resolutions.
Mr. BOTTS asked the gentleman from Texas
whether the boundary of Texas, as described by
the act of her Congress of 1836, included Santa
Fe?
Mr. KAUFMAN replied that it did; that it jn-
, eluded all the territory east of the Rio Grande, from
1 its mouth to its source; and that the Congress of
!j the United States which passed the annexation
j, resolutions, approved March 1, 1845, understood
i! that Texas included Santa Fe ; for it provided that
| States formed out of the territory of Texas north of
! 36? degrees should be free States; while Santa Fe
M is south of 36J degrees north latitude. Mr. K. fur-
ther said, that the Republic of Texas, previous to
ij annexation, had established post routes from Bexar
i! to Laredo, on the east bank of the Rio Grande,
and from Corpus Christi to Point Isabel, and that
| j every portion of territory east of the Rio Grande, from
its mouth to its source, and north to the 42d degree of
'! north latitude, was included by different acts of the
Congress of the Republic of Texas, previous to annex-
ation, within the limits of some organized or establish-
ed countv of said Republic /
Mr. McLANE continued. Subsequently (ne
said) Congress organized the revenue districts in
Texas, in such wise that one district was bounded
on the west by the Nueces, another on the east by
the Nueces, and the west by the Rio Grande; and
the Senate confirmed the nomination of revenue
officers assigned to the disti-icts so located. Sir,
I would remark that I am not now engaged with
I an examination of the boundary question between
| Texas and Mexico; I am considering the calumny
i! thrown upon this Government by the declaration
II that the occupation of the country between the
:: Nueces and the Rio Grande was the illegal and
J unconstitutional act of the President, without the
:| concurrence of Congress. Sir, I think it just to
/ get rid of this issue, before I engage with any ex-
;! animation of the real origin of the war; for I con-
I; sider the declaration, so often repeated by the
' Opposition, that the occupation of the country
; between the Nueces and the Rio Grande was the
i act of the President, without the concurrence of
!; Congress, to be in itself a calumny.
!i I present, therefore, in this connection, to the at-
>'• tention of the committee, that in June, 1845, Gen-
< eral Taylor had indicated to him the extent of
country to the Rio Grande, claimed as Texas, tin-
\ der the act of annexation, receiving at the same
| time his orders to defend and protect that territory;
;; while Congress, in December, 1845, on their first
meeting were informed fully by the President of
!: his action in Texas—to which they took no excep-
!i {ion; but, on the contrary, legislated, without re-
|| straint and without limit, for all the territory
\\ claimed as Texas; and particularly committed it-
i! self to this territory west of the Nueces, by further
!■ and particular legislation in the establishment of a
| custom-house and revenue district west of that
! river. Upon this state of facts, I feel constrained
to regard as a calumny the assertion that the tcrn-
!  tory west of the Nueces was occupied by the ille-
