202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
our captures on land and sea, is ample to fill the !
measure of glory and freedom which I think this ;
war will yet secure to the Mexican people. I J
would desire at once, sir, to extend our revenue
. Jaws over Mcxico, and push the war vigorously
to the occupation and subjugation of every Mexi-
can State. When these brilliant results should be->
accomplished—and the task is more simple than we
generally concede—I, for one, shall be content to
leave with our existing Government the adjust-
ment of a satisfactory peace.
But, sir, I do not presume to press these views
at this time. I am quite content to support the
policy of the Administration, as presented in the
President's message, and take at once the territoral
indemnity recommended by him; though I would |
venture to hope his recommendation might be cx- j
tended to include the valley of the Rio Grande ;
south to Tampico, as well as New Mexico and i
California. Such an acquisition of territory, com-
bined with the measures recommended by the i
President, or the extension of a judicious revenue I
system over Mexico, and a continued prosecution ;
of the war, would constitute, in my judgment, a
policy which will yet receive the sanction of the
American people.
Sir, m viewing the more enlarged and compre-
hensive policy indicated in the remarks I have just ,
submitted, I would observe that such a policy,
though it certainly embraces the whole of Mexico in
its influence, and is intended to give moral and ;
physical life to the people and institutions of that
portion of the American continent, must not be j
confounded with the simple proposition of the de- ■
nationalization of Mexico and the annexation of j
that country and people as an integral and sover-!
eign portion of our own Confederacy. Nine-tenths i
of the people of Mexico are hardly less aboriginal, :
and certainly not so well cultivated and advanced,
as the Choctaw, or even the Cherokee Indians, svho, <
as a people, though conquered, are still left to the j
enjoyment of civil and religious freedom; instituting
theirownfundamental laws,and enacting their own
municipal regulations, under the most improved
and independent system of republican government
within the territory and jurisdiction of the United
States, yet not constituting an integral and sover-
eign portion of the Confederacy itself. Neverthe- ;
less, sn*, their laws, their public schools, their civil
and religious culmation, present types of a civil-
ization in few respects mfeiior to our own.
The principal and mam objection, sir, that I have
heard advanced against the partial acquisition of
Mexican territory, will doubtless be applied to the
policy here indicated, and lies in the supposed ex-
tension of slavery among a peoplcand over territory ;
from which it is now excluded by municipal law. '
This objection, sir, I regard as of little weight— ,
not because I am in anywise insensible to the out- !
rage which such a forced extension of such an in-
stitution over an unwilling people would constitute.
I regard this objection, sir, of little weight, because
I do not believe the act of acquisition, of itself,
would necessarily extend this institution over the
territory so acquired. Still less do I believe that
the subjugation of all Mexico, and the subsequent
government of that country by the inhabitants
thereof, under free and republican institutions,
wouid ever result in the extension of slavery be-
yond the limits where it now exists. Further,
sir, I do not believe that any act of the Federal
Government of the United States can either create
or abolish slavery antpjekerey within or without our
present limits. The powers of our Federal Gov-
ernment over the institutions of slavery are limited,
1st, to their enumeration, m fixing the ratio of con-
gressional representation; 2d, to their arrest and
restoration when fugitives from labor; and 3d, to
prohibit their impoitation or their immigration
from abroad subsequent to the year 1808. Terri-
tory acquired by the United States with slavery
existing therein as a domestic municipal institution,
as Flvtida and Louisiana, would remain slave terri-
tory without regard and without the sanction of
treaty stipulations to make it so, or to guaranty
its existence.
On the other hand, territory acquired without
the existence therein of this municipal institution,
would remain free, so far as any power of Con-
gress to create it there, or to declare that it should
exist there, is concerned. The people who may
have abolished it therein, o^ who may have failed
to create it there, are alone possessed of sover-
eignty over it—being a purely domestic, local, and
peculiar institution, recognized by the Federal Con-
stitution as such within the limits of such sov-
ereignty as may have established it-y~an institution j
recognized as existing in virtue of a sovereignty :
apart from, and independent of, the Federal Con- |
stitution, though not inconsistent with it. Hence it j
is, sir, I believe territory acquired by the United j
States, either by put chase or conquest, and inhabited :
by people who becomecitizens of the United States, '
will maintain and establish such municipal institu- :
tions as are most acceptable to their own will and
icish, if consistent with the Constitution and laws ■
of the United States and the reserved rights of the
States. Erueitaining these views on the subject
of slavery, I may be permitted to say that I feel,
as the representative of a southern State, wounded j
and offended at the style of language so often in- ;
dulged m by gentlemen on this floor, who treat j
this question as men of a single idea, denouncing i
the institution and those who live in its midst; and
though myself born north of Mason and Dixon's
line, I stiil lived sufficiently in the midst of the
black and slave race to understand that they were
capable of far more enlightened and Christian
principles of action, and love to their neighbors
and fellow-men, than I have ever witnessed in the
conductof any bianch of the Abolition party, here
or elsewhere. And, in conclusion, I would say,
that I hold the opinion that Congress is under the
obligation to vote promptly men and money for the
vigorous prosecution of a war that will conquer a
glorious and satisfactory peace, reducing Mexico
to complete subjection, leaving us to dictate terms,
which 1 wouid have illustrate our humanity, our
wisdom, and our justice.
Mr. TOMPKINS, of Mississippi, addressed the
committee. He did not propose (lie said) to an-
swer the arguments of the gentleman who last had
the floor, [Mr. McLane,] though it would give
him much pleasure to do so; and possibly in do-
ing it, though it might seem arrogant, he might do
some service. Neither would he undertake to an-
swer the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Tuck,] who he thought had said some things that
might interest that portion of the country to which
he especially belonged; although he (Mr. Tomp-
kins) trusted he should never be capable of any
action on this floor that did not affect and promote
in some degree the great interests of the whole
j country, hie confessed tha speech of the gentie-
[ man from Maryland was an able speech, ingcm-
I ously delivered—delivered in an interesting man-
ner. The gentleman threw into it much of what
was now-a-days called Mesmerism; for he seemed
to chain to his lips the audience that surrounded
him. But he trusted that some other gentleman
woyld take htm up and deal with him with more
effect than he perhaps wouid be able to do, as he
intended to speak on another question.
They were in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having specially before
them the annual message of the President; but, as
they were discussing the question of the war, and
the objects to be accomplished by it, and as the
gentleman from Indiana yesterday [Mr. Robinson]
occupied the principal portion of his time m dis-
cussing the special message of the President, and
complimenting him for his lofty independence in
refusing to give to this House* the representatives
of the people, the true sovereigns of the country,
information vital to them, to that point he should
now dnect his lemarks. Having had the floor on
that question, and supposing it would come up
| ve&terday morning—and it seemed he was not
• alone m so supposing, for the reporters so under-
stood it, and it was so published in the papers of
the ensuing morning—he should take this occasion
to give his views in relation to that document sent
to the House last week by the President of the
United States, in which he refused to communicate
to the Representatives of the people any of the
facts or ot the particulars of the arrangement by
which he restored to Mexico one of the ablest
generals Mexico could ever boast; who found the
country distracted, its armies disbanded, its reve-
nues exhausted; yet out of thischaos,this anarchy,
had organized armies, had brought forth resources,
and covered, bathed as it were, the flowery plateau
of Mexico with the richest blood of American sol-
diers. And when they ask how this occurred,
they were told it was beyond the sphere of their
duties and power; that to ask it was an impudent
infringement ot the Executive prerogative. It
seemed to him.that upon this point they should
i not be divided into Whigs and Democrats—that
i they ought to know no party but our country; but
if they were so divided, it must be the friends of
the Constitution and of the people on the one hand,
and the friends of the Executive and his preroga-
tive on the other. And now let him examine this
question.
' The House had asked, not only in relation to
the instructions given to our minister, Mr. Slide!!,
but in relation to the instructions given the com-
mander of our fleets in relation to the return of
Santa Anna, who was then an exile from his coun-
try, in Cuba, that they might know with what in-
fluences the people of this country , their resources
and their blood, had been contending, and had still
to contcnd. The Executive told them, no; this
thing belongs to me, in my Executive .capacity,
and it is acquired by the strength and splendor of
my Executive prerogative! The President seemed
to think, if he could quote a name that is revered,
that dwells in the core of every heart of every citi-
zen throughout this vast Confederacy, that he
would be protected against the odium, the indig-
nation, which the sovereignty of this land would
feel against him, and so he quoted the message of
President Washington. This thing was sprung
upon gentlemen on this side of the House; they
were perfectly ignorant of the contents of the mes-
sage until it was read, although on the other side
gentlemen were informed of it, were prepared for
the advocacy of its doctrines, by having authori-
ties to sustain the President ready dog-eared, the
leaves turned down. Mr. T. did not charge that
the President furnished them; but one of two things
was absolutely certain — either that information
was communicated to them of the character of this
message, that they might prepare for it; or else
that the defence was prepared and sent to the ad-
vocates of Executive prerogative on this floor.
One of these things was certain; for immediately
on the reading of the message they came forward
prepared with the documents.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, here interposed;
but
Mr. T. did not yield. He did not mean to im-
pute to the gentleman anything improper, but he
could not yield to the gentleman any of the short
time allotted to him. The gentleman, he hoped,
would not consider him discourteous; for he [Mr.
Houston] had a very able argument, and had the
authorities very nicely furnished him; and we on
this side (said Mr. T.) had no such authorities.
Mr. HOUSTON again addressed the Chaif, and
was proceeding to speak; but—
Mr. T. continued. Therefore he must excuse
him for not yielding the floor on this occasion. He
intended no disrespect, nor did he intend to impute
anything improper to the gentleman. The prece-
dents cited by the Executive were not such pre-
cedents as suited the case before them
Mr. HOUSTON again wishing the floor; but
Mr. T. declining to yield—
The CHAIRMAN remarked that upon this sub-
ject the range of debate was necessarily extensive;
the Chair, nevertheless, should feel it to be his
duty to arrest remarks of a personal character,
though he did not consider those of the gentleman
from Mississippi to be such.
Mr. TOMPKINS, continuing. I avow no in-
tent of that kind.
The gentleman (continued Mr. T.) showed an
ability m the advocacy of a principle which he
deemed a very dangerous principle in a republic,
and which he was sorry, very sorry, to behold.
[A laugh.] lie meant nothing impropet.
What were the precedents r The Executive
stated but one single one; yet the gentleman, either
in the preparation made for him, or which he had
made himself, from being previously informed of
the contents of the message—for he could not have
made it after it was announced from the Clerk's
table, because it was not one hour after that the
authorities were read by the gentleman; so that
he was either the retained counsel of the Executive
by implication, or was furnished with the authori-
ties.
Mr. HOUSTON again interrupted.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I make no personal assault.
I do not want to be interrupted.
Mr. HOUSTON still persisted. I am aware
(%aid he) that the gentleman does not want to be
interrupted in such a course of remark as he sees
fit to indulge in.
[Cries of " Order,"]
