204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
question. He would read an extract from the ]
speech of Mr. Polk, delivered in the House, upon j
those resolutions of his, on the 11th April, 1826, i
and which was found in the Reports of Congres- j
sional Debates, vol. 2, part 2, page 166: |
" Some gentlemen seemed to entertain the opinion, that I
so soon as thf other departments of the Government had de- '
teruuned to depute a foreign mission, the House of Repre-
sentatives had no right to question its propriety, but were
bound, as a matter of course, when called upon for an ap-
propriation merely, to grant the necessary supplies to carry
it into effect; that they had no right to deliberate, consider, j
and exercise a sound judgment on the subject; but were j
mere passive agents, 10 record the decrets ol' the President '
and Senate. For himself he was of a different opinion." [I j
am of a different opinion now, (said Mr. T.,) and he has |
chanced.] "He believed when the Representatives of the
people were called upon to appropriate the people's money I
for any purpose, they should not do it hoodwinked, or upon 1
the taith of others*, but should exercise a sound discretion j
and do itunderstandingly." i
The expenses of that mission (said Mr. T.) :
were some forty-five or fifty thousand dollars, and s
yet we heard from Mr. Representative Polk such j
high-sounding terms about the people's right and i
the people's money. But now, when Mr. Execu-
tive Polk calls upon us to vote away hoodwinked
hundreds of millions of the people's money and
tens of thousands of the lives of our proudest chiv^
airy, and we ask to be informed of the objects to
be accomplished, he says: u Ah, you rascals ! you |
Mexican Whigs! you afforders of 4 aid and com- ,
fort' to the enemy ! you are bound to do it, and !
do it hoodwinked, for t am the Lord's anointed; 1
it is my prerogative. If you have any doubt about
my prerogative, I refer you to the gentleman from
Alabama with the dog-eared books." [Laugh-
ter.]
In the extract of Mr. Polk's speech, which he
had just read, he (Mr P.) declared it to be not only
the right, but the duty, of the people's Represent-
atives, when called upon to vote appropriations of
the people's money, for any purpose, to exercise a
sound discretion, and not to do it on the faith of
others. That was all the House asked now; that
his principles then should prevail. That was all
they desired—all they asked. They claimed under j
our Constitution, under the genius of our Govern- i
ment, in the name of our revolutionary fathers, :
fired by their spirit, baptized as that spirit was in ;
the blood of the Revolution, that they had a right ;
to demand and know, whenever the war power j
was exercised, how it was exercised, and for what
purposes. j
These were the sentiments of Mr. Polk when a !
Representative, when he was courting the people,
appealing to the sovereign will to grant him pro-
motion and power; but now, when he had attained ■
that giddy height, to which, perhaps, his young !
ambition at that day never aspired, he had changed i
his tone. Mr. Polk felt then as Gloster did when !
he was seeking to make his way to the Brit- j
ish crown through the blood of the innocent I
princes. He could not effect his object without j
courting the populace of London. And when |
waited upon by the mayor and the officers of the |
corporation, with a seeming devotion to popular
rights, like that exhibited by Mr. Polk in the ex-
tract he had read, m a subdued and humble tone,
accostcd them thus:
I do ®u?pect I have done tome offence
That beems di-graeious in the city's eye,
And that you come to repiehend."
But when he had made his way to the throne,
when the blood of murdered princes and nobles
bubbled beneath the wheels of the royal car, and
the crown of the ancient Britons bound his blood-
stained brow, and Richmond had collected a few of
the hardy barons and the free spirits of the realm
to rescuc the sceptre from Richard's arrogant and
despotic hand, Richard, on hearing Richmond's
forces enumerated, stormed from the insolent height
of his royal prerogative—
" Wh\, our battalia trebles that account;
Besides, the King'* name is a tower of strength,
Which they upon the adverse faction want."
Now, Mr. Polk seemed to think that his name,
fortified by the Executive prerogative, was " a
tower of strength," to which the Representatives
of the people must yield; that we (said Mr. T.) are
merely of <lthe adverse faction;5" but we must
teach him, and may do it by reading his own
speeches to him, this lesson—that the people are
King.
But, for fear Mr. Polk's friends would not be
satisfied with this extract, he referred them to Mr.
Polk's first speech. It was elaborate—one among J
the ablest speeches he had ever made here or any-
where in his life—and perhaps now, since he has
bid adieu to those frank, generous, republican feel-
ings which then seemed to actuate him; since a
| sense of the rights of the people had ceased to in-
j spire him, he never would make such a speech
| again. It would occupy too much time to read
i from it, and his friends would find it in the first
| part of the 2d volume of the Register of Debates.
He (Mr. T.) must draw a hasty distinction be-
tween the treaty power and the war power. The 1
Constitution vested in the President and Senate the i
power to make treaties; "and the question arose, !
should the House, or not, without inquiry into j
J the propriety of the treaties made, or their oper- !
! ation upon the people, as affecting the interests, ,
! the prosperity, the liberty of the American people :
i —should it blindly vote appropriations to carry ■
| them into effect? He agreed with Mr. Represent-
'' ative Polk that they should not. Suppose the
i President and Senate should surrender New York
to the English, as the Spaniards surrendered Gib-
j raltar, ought the House to vote the appropriations
j which might be necessary to carry the treaty into
1 effect? He admitted this was an extreme case,
: but it exhibited more clearly the principle. The
i representatives of the people would be derelict to
. the highest obligations of freemen to vote appro-
priations to carry into effect a treaty without un-
; derstanding how that treaty was to aifect the public
I interests. But widely different was the case of
j war. The Constitution did not rest that power
! with the President and Senate. When the people
adopted the Constitution, they retained the right—-
being the true sovereigns—of the war-making
power, to be exercised through their representa-
tives in Congress; and this information now called
for of Mr. Polk was in relation to war. Congress
wanted to know, in relation to this war, what was
to be accomplished; and how it was to be accom-
plished. And most especially did they want to
know for what purposes Santa Anna was sent
back by the President to head the army of Mex-
ico ; and how it could contribute to the accom-
plishment of the objects he had in view in the
prosecution of war.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
was for a vigorous prosecution of the war until it
resulted in an advantageous and honorable peace.
Mr. T. would like to know what that was. Why,
if the Administration should take it into their heads
to withdraw the army to this side of the Nueces,
to the occupied portions of Texas, would not its
friends swear lustily, and with exalted brow, that
the President had brought about a glorious and ;
advantageous termination of the war? And if we :
should point to the bloody fields of Mexico—to
Monterey, Buena Vista, and other fields made glo-
rious by American blood and valor—to the gaunt-
ness of the treasury and the homes made desolate
by the wasting effects of this war, they would say
this waste of treasure and flow of blood has been
stopped by the peace, and therefore it is advan-
tageous and honorable; just as the friends of the
Administration swore (as pious as they are, they do
swear sometimes) when the President set out with
his claim to the whole of Oregon up to 54° 40',
that our title up to that line was " clear and un-
questionable ,5> and when, a short period after, a
treaty on the line of 49° was made, giving away
three hundred and fifty miles of territory in length,
and in breadth extending from the shores of the
Pacific to the snow-clad peaks of the Rocky Moun-
tains, they all swore it was the most glorious treaty
that had been made since the organization of the
Government—[a laugh;]—and so there were many
advocates of the Executive "prerogative" who
would come forward with their dog-eared books,
and swear that whatever treaty the President might
make with Mcxico was the most glorious and ad-
vantageous one ever made, excepting, he sup-
posed, the Oregon treaty, which this same favorite
President had made too.
But the gentleman and other gentlemen said that
indemnity for the past and security for the future
must be secured. How? Mexico has no money
to pay, itwas admitted. Well, if we were to depend
upon territorial indemnity, he wanted to know of
the President how much of the territory of Mexi-
co was appropriated to individual claimants ; for,
of course, as far as thus appropriated, it would
bring no benefit to the treasury; and all the bene-
fit that could be received as indemnity, when the
lands were thus appropriated, would be by the im-
position of duties on imported goods within those
regions. And how did the Administration and its .
friends propose to indemnify us for the waste of
American blood that consecrated almost every
spot where our army had marched in Mexico ?
And for those priceless lives of the very flower of
American chivalry,as it were, that had sunk down
under disease—disease superinduced by the neglect
of this Government—to inglorious graves, till every
valley and hill-side of Mexico were filled with
their mouldering ashes. They proposed to indem-
nify us for the lavish waste of treasure, but said
nothing about human life, human suffering, human
wretchedness, all the untold woand mourning, tears
! and groans, that fill thousands of homes within our
i own land. These seem to be left entirely out of
j the account by these zealous gentlemen who were
grasping for more sand, more rocks, more wilder-
nesses filled up with impenetrable chaparral, for
more rivers, whose tortuous and turbid currents de-
fied the skill of the navigator, These mighty con-
siderations were entirely overlooked, while the
Presidentand his friends weretalkmgabout indem-
nity for the expense of the war, and for the debts
due from Mexico. And how was this indemnity to
be got if not from customs? From the public lands ?
He had brought forward a resolution, which lay
over under the rule, asking what portion of the
territory of Mexico had not been appropriated,
and he wanted that answered, so that it might be
known how much we could sell when we hadfinal-
j ly possessed ourselves of it. The waste of blood
I was not counted, for who should set down a price
! upon the blood of an American freeman ? The ad-
| vocates of the President and his dog-eared " pre-
; rogative,''rash and reckless as they were derelict
j to all the principles of American freedom, dare
i not.
!: Then how were we to get full indemnity for the
! vast amount of treasure already wasted in that en-
ji terprise? Would the subjugation of all Mexico
!| indemnify? Would not that involve occupancy,
|j and occupancy perpetual war? When we looked
■i to the Castilian or Aztec races blended in the pres-
:! ent population of Mexico, did we not find a deep-
I seated feeling of nationality and implacable stub-
bornness their strongest characteristics? How
| long was a portion of Spain occupied by the Moor-
1 ish invader? Pent up in fortified positions for
! eight hundred years, without conciliating or sub-
j duing the neighboring Spaniard, in one prolonged,
, unceasing struggle, unending war, he was at last
, expelled, and the Spanish foot aione again pressed
^ Spanish soil. It was not so much the Spanish
;j sword as the subtlety of the Spanish Jesuit that
subjected the Aztec race to Spanish rule. It was
bacause they were induced to believe that their
moral condition would be improved by embracing
the religious faith of the Spaniard, admitting him
into their communities, that thus their political in-
stitutions, by gradual approaches, and more by
persuasion than by force, were revolutionized, and
political power concentrated in the hands of the
Spaniards.
When we looked again to their struggle with
Spain for political independence, we saw the
same implacable spirit displayed which marked
the two races blended in them. When every for-
tified position and stronghold throughout their
land was in the occupancy of the royal forces of
Spain, still the Mexicans, struggling for national
independence, were unsubdued. Hope and na-
tional pride urged them on to continued exertions,
' even where hope with other people would seem to
| falter. Judging from these facts, were we not led
■ to believe, that to maintain our occupation of Mex-
ico in the evtent of conquest, would require an
armed force to be always kept there, at least as
' i great as that which was necessary for the conquest,
J entailing upon us expenses which never could be
met by the revenues of that country should we
! seize them all; and creating a dram for military
jj purposes upon our population, and a waste of
if human life that never could be compensated for by
: any advantages that could result from the con-
, quest; because eight millions of people, implacable,
1 revengeful, and faithless, were to be held in sub-
;i mission to a government forced upon them against
their will. Would not the war then be intermi-
; nable? Would not every outbreak and flame of
1 i revolt have to be quenched in the proudest blood
!, of American chivalry? How was that to be in-
'; demnity for the past or security for the future?
il How could they talk of security by means of
