1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
treaty when they demonstrated to us that there
was no Government there with which we could
treat, upon which we could place any reliance?
How could we expect a treaty with an "anarchy"
.—a mob which deserved not the name of a Gov-
ernment, according to their own representation?
How could gentlemen reconcile to themselves to
take such a course ? They proved by the Presi-
dent's message, as well as by their own speeches,
that they could not reasonably calculate upon-in-
demnity for the past, nor npon security for the
future; and yet fhey talked loudly about " indem-
nity and security." How was it?
Now, allow him for a moment to direct the at-
tention of the committee to what was called for
by the resolution of the House besides the instruc-
tions given to Mr. Slidell. In connection with this
war, in connection with this waste of blood and
treasure of the sovereign people of the United
States, the people's representatives had called upon
Mr. Polk to tell them what arrangement was made
with Santa Anna in relation to his return to Mex-
ico. He was an exile at Havana, engaged, Mr. T.
did not know whether to call it in the very classi-
cal pursuit or in the high military exercise of
fighting chickens in the cockpit! Rumor said that
Mr. Slidell Mackenzie had been sent by the Gov-
ernment to Havana to negotiate with Santa Anna
for the return to Mexico of himself and suite,
which he believed consisted of about/orty general
officers. This rumor was credited by the people,
and, on Mr. Mackenzie's return to New Orleans,
it made him so much a lion that his own room was
not 'sacred to his occupancy and labor, and, to
avoid the lion-hunters, he (Mr. T.) was informed
by a respectable Democrat of the Southwest, who
was then at New Orleans, he was obliged to seek
the house of a relation in a more sequestered spot
upon the Mississippi coast, near Pascagoula bay,
where it was said he was occupied some week or
more in translating his Spanish documents and
preparing his papers for his report here at the seat ;
of Government.
Mr. T. then took a hasty examination of the
state of affairs in Mexico at that time. Herrera's
Government had been friendly to the United States
and to peace. The revolution which placed him
in power was the only or.e which Mexico had
known for some time that did leap from the hearts
of the people. It was a popular exertion, which
had overthrown a military despotism. And yet
our Executive would not permit that Government,
thus friendly to our claims and to peace, to exist;
but, by the embarrassment he pressed upon it, and
plotting for the restoration of Santa Anna, over-
partment,dated onboard the Princeton, Sacrificios,
August 16, 1846:
* * *  I have allowed Mm [Santa Anna] to entor
without molestation, or even speaking the vessel, as I was
informed by the senior English naval officer here (Captain
Lambe t) she carried no cargo, and would not be allowed to
take any in return. I could easily have boarded the Arab, but
I deemed it most proper not to do so, allowingit to appear as
if she had entered withoutmyeoneurrer.ee. Tt is now quite
ecrtain the whole country—that is, the garrisons of every
town and fortress—have declared in his favor. But, unless
he has teamed something useful in adversity, and become
another man, he will only add to the distractions of the
country and be hurled from pow^r in less than three months "
Here we saw that Mr. Polk gave Santa Anna a
passport into Mexico, and was determined to con-
ceal fromlhe people, the true sovereigns, his ob-
jects in thus returning him, and carried his doctrines
so far as to induce the gallant commodore to adopt
the same principles, and declare he thought it best
to let him pass, without its appearing to be by
his concurrence. And still the friends of Execu-
tive prerogative cry out against the people who
wanted to know how their power was exercised,
"Aid and comfort!" The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Robinson] told them yesterday that
every moment they delayed to act upon granting
the supplies demanded by the President—voting
them " hoodwinked," as Mr. T. supposed—they
were affording " aid and comfort to the enemy.
What did he think of the "aid and comfort"
furnished by the President in sending them Santa
Anna and forty able generals to head and direct
their forces against us; to create resources where
all was exhaustion; to establish order where all
was anarchy? And what did he think of men
who sustained the Executive in this " aid and com-
fort," and justified him in refusing that information
to the people, whose sovereign right it was to de- |
mand and receive it' I
In connection with this, he would ask the atten- !
tion of the House to what Santa Anna's opinions
were, as declared in a letter written by him, March
8,1846, more than five months before his return to
Mexico. Mr. T. read from the documents accom-
panying the President's message of December,
1846, at pa e 37 of the document, [an extract of a
letter of Santa Anna, in which he made an elabo-
rate statement of the views by which he had been
governed, showirg that his great object had been
so to manage his power in Mexico as most effect-
ually to resist the "ambitious efforts," as he
denominated them, of the people of the United
States.]
These (said Mr. T.) were the sentiments ex-
pressed as early as the 8th of March, 1846, and
probably known to the President of the United
threw Herrera, and placed the affairs of Mexico \\ States, of the man who was restored to the Mex
in the hands of a bitter enemy of the United States.
Just before the return of Santa Anna, our glorious
chieftain, General Taylor, whose skill and intre-
pidity as a general were equalled by the clearness
of his head and the greatness and goodness of his
heart, had met the Mexican forces and overthrown
them on the banks of the Rio Grande. Their
army was scattered, and their resources destroyed;
a miserable remnant of it had taken refuge at Mon-
terey, which by degrees grew into a large force.
They were, however, without any general in w-hom
the people had confidencc, and who could cluster
around him, in time of the national peril, the mil-
itary spirit of the country. Where could they find
such ageneial? How were they to obtain him?
There was but one attainable to them; he was then
an exile—had been driven out for abuse of power;
he was a general of skill, of exhaustless resources
of mind and energy of action, who could strike out
of chaos the means to prosecute the war with vigor.
That general was Santa Anna; and the President
of this country sent him back to Mexico to head
her armies and slaughter our soldiers. We knew
it; everybody knew it. The President, in his j
message of December, 1846, admitted that he had ;
permitted him to return. But now we have some- ;
thing a little more definite on this point. He read
from the " Union" of the 14th January, 1848:
[Private and confidential.]
U S Navy Department, May 13,1846.
Commodore: If Santa Anna endeavors to enter the Mex-
ican port'?, \ou Hill allow him to passfieelv.
Ite^piiCtfuMv, yours, GEOUGE BANCROFT.
Commodore J)avu> Conner,
Commanding Home Squadron.
There was tlie pass granted him by Mr. Ban-
croft, Secretary of the Navy.
He would now read to the committee an extract
from Commodore Conner's letter to the Navy De-
ienn army to head and direct them against the forces
i of the United Slates; and it was in relation to
| this extraordinary movement, this suicidal folly,
I on the part of our President, involving such terri-
ble cost in treasure and blood to the people of the
United States, and m connection with the war-
power of the Government, that this House had
asked to be informed by the President. Yet he
put on the frown of his prerogative, and said,
Your call is unconstitutional, because it is uncon-
ditional.
Mr. T. was here interrupted- by the cry of " Mr.
Chairman," from a dozen competitors for the floor,
the hour having expired.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, obtained the floor, and,
declining to give way to a motion to rise, proceed-
ed to address the committee. He said:
Mr. Chairman: It is with great reluctance that
I decline giving way for a motion that the commit-
tee rise. But feeling that the speech of the hon-
orable gentleman, who has just taken his seat,
should be answered at once," I am constrained to
proceed with my remarks without delay. If any-
thing I may say shall appear harsh or unkind, I
hope that I shall not be suspected of an intention
to wound the feelings of any one on this floor.
Such a design I most emphatically repudiate. If
I shall speak warmly, it will be because I feel
deeply the importance of the subject under discus-
sion. In this conviction, it may not be improper
to state, that while I cannot expect to rival the
peculiar and fantastic eloquence of the member from
Mississippi, I do trust that I shall be as respectful
as himself in manner, and fully as respectable in
matter.
Sir, the subject wh ich that gentleman has dragged
by the ears into this debate has been announced
as one of vast and transcendent importance. It
has been declared to be " a trial of right between
the President and the Representatives of the peo-
ple of the United States." For having, through
motives of public policy, and under convictions of
solemn duty, declined to give us certain informa-
tion , the Executive has been denounced as evincing
the spirit of a tyrant, snd striving for the powers
of an emperor. Through the eagerness to find
fault, the gentleman from Mississippi has over-
looked the precedent of the illustrious Father of his
Country, and charged Mr. Polk, for adopting the
sentiments of Washington, with aiming at the
overthrow of popular rights and the subversion of
popular liberty. I was prepared to hear almost
anything from the other side of this House; but I
must express my amazement at the denunciations
which have come from that quarter since the receipt
of the message now upon the Speaker's table.
What wrong has the President done by that com-
munication? What crime has he committed?
Why, sir, he has quoted the language of Wash-
ington with terms of approval, and declared his
adherence to certain views of that great exem-
plar—
"The very head and front of his offending
Hath this extent—no more."
And are gentlemen so blinded by party phrensy, or
so infatuated by party attachments, as not to per-
ceive that every blow struck at Mr. Polk falls upon
him he has'imitated ?—that every assault upon the
character of the present Executive for having issued
the message of the 12th instant, is a direct assault
upon thecharacterofWashington, whose pen first
gave the doctrines of that message to the world,
whose mind first conceived and whose tongue first
uttered them ? If Mr. Polk did wrong by writing
that message, General Washington did wrong also.
If Mr. Polk, in that communication, has advanced
the doctrines of despotism, General Washington
was guilty of the same offence. If Mr. Polk has
attempted to destroy the usefulness of this House,
General Washington attempted no less. And is it
true that Washington, in his civil administration,
essayed to destroy the fabric which, through eight
years of war and bloodshed ^he had built up? Is
it true that, when President, he sought to be a
monarch ? Is it true that, when Chief Magistrate,
he declared " that all Congress had to do was to
hear his royal behests and obey his royal decrees?
Is it true that the Father of his Country attempted
to strangle our Republic in its cradle? ^This charge
Has been substantially made by the gentleman from
Mississippi. He has asserted that the President,
in his message to this House on Wednesday last,
struck a blowat the independence ofthis bodyand
the rights of the people. What is the ground on
which is rested this startling and momentous ac-
cusation > I will read a short extract from that
message in answer to this inquiry. Mr. Polk
says :
It has been a subject of serious deliberation with me,
whether I could, consistently with my constitutional Amy
and my sense of the public interest involved nnd to be
affected by it, violate an important principle, always here-
tofore held sacred by my predecessors, as I should do by a
compliance with the request of the House. President Wash-
ington', in a message to the House of Representatives of the
3()ih 01 March, 1796, declined to comply with a request con-
tained 111 a resolution of that body, to lay before them a 'copy
of the instructions to the minister of the United States who
negotiated the treaty with the King of Gieat Britain,' to-
eether with the coirespondenee and documents relative to
said treaty, ' excepting such ol said papers as any existing
negotiations maj lender improper to discloseIn assigning
lus reasons for declining to comply with the call, he de-
clared, that' the nature of foreign negotiations requiics call-
< tion, and their success must olten depend on secrecy, and
' even when brought to a conclusion, a full disclosuie of all
' the measures, demands, and eventual concessions which
' may nave been proposed or contemplated, would be ex-
' treniely impolitic, for this might have a pernicious influence
c in future negotiations, or produce immediate inconvenien-
' ces, pci haps dangers and misehicf, m relation toother Pow-
' eis. The necessity for such caution and secrecy was one
1 cogent leason for vesting the power of making tieaties in
' the Tresident, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
' the principle on which that body was formed confining it
'to a small number of members. To admit, then, a right in
<tlle House of Representatives to demand and have,-as a
' matter of course, all papers respecting a negotiation with a
' foreign Powei, would he to set a dangeious precedent.
Now, sir, the only principle set forth in this
message is contained in the language I have just
read. But that principle did not originate with
Mr. Polk. It had its origin many years ago, in
the Cabinet of the first, and best, and greatest ot
our Presidents. If, therefore, the denunciations
we have heard be deserved, they attach properly
to General Washington, the originator of the harm-
ful sentiment, and not to Mr. Polk, the second-hand
