206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
propagator of it. Yes' General Washington >
responsible for all the consequences and tendencies
of that principle. He it was, who devised it.
He it was, who, if the gentleman from Missis-
sippi be right, first contemplated the odious pro-
ject of reducing the members of this House to
mere scribes, and the recorders of Presidential
edicts. He it was, who, if those opposed be cor-
rect, had the coldness of heart, and the depravity of
soul', in full'view of the French people struggling
to tear asunder the fetters of a cruel despotism,
and to walk forth into the daylight of freedom, to {
desire to carry his country backwards to the mid- ;
night prison-darkness from which outraged, un- j
fortunate, insulted France, was striving with ■
such energy to emerge. This is the revolting, ter- ;
rible conclusion to which the sentiments of the ;
members on the other side must irresistibly ]
drive them. Gentlemen of the opposition, it is !
vam for you to attempt to escape from this ,
conclusion. Every effort to extricate yourselves, j
only entwines you more and more in difficul- i
ties and embarrassments. I beg you, therefore, '
to stop. I beseech you to pause and retrace your ,
steps before it is too late. I entreat you to con- !
sider whither you are going. You commenced,
only a few months since, denouncing the President •
as responsible for the war with JVIexico. You
have now arrived at the point ol virtually denoun-
cing the Father of his Country, by declaring that !
the principles he promulgated are the seeds of ;
tyranny. How much further will you advance ;
upon your present course, or how much longer
will it be, at your past rate of progress, until you
rejoice over the reverses of your country? Most
of you already affirm that the present war was
unconstitutionally and unnecessarily begun by the ,
Executive. Some of you declare that it is wicked j
and unjust. From the latter position I fear, I very |
much iear, that it is but a short step into the ranks ;
of the enemy. Far be it from me, Mr. Chairman, i
to impugn the motives of any gentleman on this |
floor. It is not for me to penetrate into the hid-
den recesses of the human heart and to find out
what motives lie concealed there. I apprehend,
howeser, that the members on the other side have
been indulging in dangerous experiments of late,
and that their patriotism has been subjected to ,
very seveie tests, If those experiments be perse-
veied m, their love to their country will soon dis- ,
appear like the waters of those streams in Mexico ,
which sink into the earth a few miles from then-
sources and are lost forever.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Mississippi !
seemed to be aware of the dilemma in which he ;
was involving himself, and, in order to avoid it, i
he insisted that there is no resemblance between
the call made upon Mr. Polk and that made upon j
General Washington. A very slight investigation ]
wilt sweep away all ground for this pretext. Both
calls were for information. The information re-
quested by both related to instructions and docu-
ments concerning negotiations with a foreign coun-
try. The only difference between them is, that
the call upon General Washington was for inform-
ation relative to negotiations which had already
been perfected, while the call upon Mr. Polk was
for information relative to negotiations now pend-
ing and undetermined. General Washington re-
fused the information desired, on the ground that
his compliance might have a pernicious influence
on future negotiations. Mr. Polk refuses the in-
formation desired* on the ground that his compli-
ance might have a pernicious influence on existing
negotiations. General Washington'srefusalsprung
from an apprehension of a remote danger. *Mr.
Polk's refusal spiings from an apprehension of an
immediate danger. General Washington thought
his yielding to the call of the House would pos-
sibly produce mischief in relation to other Powers
m time to come. Mr. Polk thinks his yielding to
the call of the House would probably produce mis-
chief in relation to other Powers at the present time.
In this way, sir, the comparison of the calls upon
General Washington and Mr. Polk mightbecarried
to a jrreat length. "But it has been pursued sufficiently
far to show, that every reason, whether pruden-
tial or otherwise, which justifies General Wash-
ington for not answering the call of the House,
more than justifies Mr. Polk. For what can be
more manliest than this, that, it be impolitic to
disclosc "all the demands, measures, and eventual
concessions which have been it'iade or contem-
plated in relation to a Ueaty" already established,
it is a th6usand times more impolitic to disclose
all the demands, measures, and eventual conces-
sions, made or contemplated, in relation to a trea-
ty under negotiation. It cannot be denied, that
the very house which made the""call alluded to
upon General Washington, entertained this notion
of the subject. In that call, while all papers re-
lating to Jay's treaty were requested, yet an excep-
tion was carefully made of all papeis which any
■ then existing negotiation might render it improper
i to disclose. Indeed, 1 understood the gentleman
1 from Mississippi to recognize the justness of this
i distinction, i understood him to declare, express-
Uy, that it would he wrong for the President to
communicate to us information touching any ex-
isting negotiation. But, strange to tell, in'the
next breath he denounced Mr. Polk for declining
to do that wrong.
There is another circumstance connected with
this matter which is worthy of our consideration.
It is the fact so ably commented upon by the gen-
tleman from Alabama the other day—the fact, that
though the Congress of 1796 controverted some of
the opinions advanced by General Washington in
his reply to their call, yet they did not, in any
manner or form, express or intimate a doubt as to
the correctness of the position taken in that reply,
and now assumed by Mr. Polk. No, sir, no. The
men who participated in the Convention which
formed our Federal Constitution, and knew well
! and intimately its full scope and meaning, silently
| acquiesced in the corrcctncss of the sentiments
j which have been assailed with so much bitterness
1 and decency by the gentleman who preceded me.
This, however, is not to be wondered at. That
honorable member is doubtless wiser than our
fathers. He belongs to that great and astonish-
ingly-intelligent party which not only comprises
all the elite of the Union, but has discovered that
true patriotism consists in opposing the Adminis-
tration, right or wrong.
But the gentleman iiom Mississippi accuses the
President of gross inconsistency. He says that Mr.
Polk, when a Representative in Congress, asserted
the constitutional right of this "body to withhold
appropriations of money for carrying into effect a
treaty, and that now he asserts the Executive has
the right to withhold information from us concern-
ing foreign negotiations. If there be any incon-
sistency in this course, we are very blind. I will
venture to affirm, that there is not a single member
on this side of the House who does not hold to the
views of Mr. Polk's speech of 1826, deelanng that
Congiess may constitutionally refuse money for
the purpose of defeating a treaty stipulation if they
think proper to do so ; and yet we are equally
unanimous m the opinion that it is optional with
the President to give us information or not relative
to the making of a treaty. It is sheer nonsense, or
worse, to pretend that the two doctrines are not
compatible the one with the other. The charge of
inconsistency against the Executive is ridiculous,
and the imputation groundless.
i: The gentleman from Mississippi urged still fur-
■ j ther that Mr. Polk, some twenty years ago, voted
;! for an unconstitutional call for information upon
ii the President of the United States, and that now
lj he considers such a call unconstitutional. Does
|j that gentleman think that we have neither eyes to
ij see, nor ears to hear? It was only this morning
i; that Mr. Polk's response to the call of the House
,} was laid upon our tables. That response contains
j' twenty-nine pages, and embraces a numerous and
]\ extensive correspondence; and still the honorable
; member pretends that Mr. Polk has characterized
;i the call we have made upon lum as unconstitutiori-
;j al! Sir, no one has ever doubted the right of Con-
i gress to request information of the Executive. All
that is contended for is, that when that informa-
tion relates to foreign negotiations, it is discretion-
ary with the President to furnish it or not, as he
may think right and proper. The gentleman from
Mississippi made several other efforts to fix the
charge of inconsistency upon Mr. Polk; but they
were so absolutely childish, that it would be an
insult to the understanding of this House to notice
them in detail. From the pomp and circumstance
I with which that very worthy member paraded his
!; authorities, I really appichendcd some astounding
Ij developments, which would completely annihilate
■| us of the Democracy. I supposed, as a matter of
j course, that in a little while we would be
, i " Gone glimmering through the things triat were."
Ij 1 am exceedingly relieved to find, that in the
gentleman's agonizing throes, the sentiment of
Horace has been realized :
" The mountain labors, and a little mouse is brought forth P'
I am satisfied, Mr. Chairman, that the singular
errors the gentleman from Mississippi has com-
mitted have not been the result of any natural
obliquity of intellect. They are to be attributed
solely to the nature- of his political associations.
It is a rule, I believe universally true, that 44 evil
communications corrupt good manners."
Mr. Chairman, what is the basis of the accusa-
tion that General Washington and Mr. Polk, (I
say General Washington and Mr. Polk, for they
cannot be separated in this controversy,) by de-
clining to give this House certain information,
struck at its rights and insulted irs dignity? What
was the reason of their refusal? It was, that the
House of Representatives might divulge informa-
tion, to the great injury of the public interests. Is
not this position correct* Who believes that any
information, of any character, could be kept
secret by this House for twelve hours after it was
communicated? In the multitude of council-
ors," it is said, " there is safety;" but there is
no secrecy. The denunciations, therefore, which
wc have heard against General Washington and
Mr. Polk are, that they spoke the truth. This is
not the first time that Mr. Polk has been assailed
for telling the truth. He has been vilified, abused,
and calumniated by partisan presses and partisan
orators, from one end of the Union to the other,
because, at the commencement of the last session
of Congress, he said, that they who attacked the
war as wicked, did, in fact, give aid and comfort
to the enemy. For this he has been branded as
wishing to suppress the freedom of speech, and to
overturn the Constitution of the country. And
yet, who does not know that he spoke only the
truth? Who does not know that every denun-
ciation of the war by our citizens is proclaim-
ed throughout the whole length and breadth of
Mexico? Who does not know that the speeches
of honorable members of Congress have been pub-
lished in Mexican newspapers, and read at the
head of Mexican armies, to incite them to at-
tack our troops? Who does not know that the
people of Mexico have read and thought over
these productions until they believe there is a Mex-
ican party in this country, and Mexican Represent-
atives on this floor? Who does not know that the
war has been prolonged by American pens and
American speeches? It is futile to deny it; it is
folly to attempt to conceal the fact that peace would
long since have been established if we had all been
as anxious for an honorable termination of hos-
tilities as some of us have been to reach the places
of power by overturning the Administration. Sir,
much of the blood that waters Mexican soil has
flowed because of the conduct of some of our coun-
trymen here at home. That blood cries aloud for
vengeance against the defamers of their country.
Those cries shall be heard. Americans who have
inspirited the enemy to fight on, shall not be for-
gotten. Oblivion is a mercy they shall never know.
The forked lightnings of popular indignation shall
yet descend upon the foreheads of these untimely
disputants, and burn upon their brows a mark of
reprehension which shall remain there forever and
ever. Their names shall go down to posterity
along with the names of those who opposed the
war of 1776 and 1812, as negative examples to
deter future generations from the commission of
similar outrages.
Mr. Chairman, it is no new thing for a Presi-
dent of the United States to declare that informa-
tion requiring secrecy cannot be intrusted to this
House. The gentleman fiom Alabama read to us,
the other day, two messages from President Mon-
roe, and one from President Jackson, announcing
that certain information could not be furnished this
body, because the disclosure of it would do mjuiy
to the public good. True, as is said, the resolu-
tions to which those messages were responsive
contained exceptions of such information as it
might be improper to disclose. But the informa-
tion was not denied because of that exception. On
the contrary, both of those Presidents boldly and
distinctly stote, that the information is withheld,
because to impart it would be detrimental to the
; public interest. Did any one say, when those
I messages wete received, that they contained the
i sentiments of tyrants? Oh, no ! It was left to the
i gentlemen on the other side, with their profound
I understandings, their extensive and varied inform-
