1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
ation, their enlarged experience, their keen, per-
ceptions, and their, ardent patriotism, to disclose
the hidden danger, and " to see things not to be
seen.''
Byt, sir, not only have Presidents entertained
the opinion that certain information could not with
propriety be communicated to Congress, but almost
every Congress which has assembled since the
formation of our Government has expressed the
same opinion. In nearly all the resolutions which
have ever passed this House or the Senate, asking
for information, a proviso has been inserted ex-
cepting and excluding such information as it might
be improper to make public. Now, why was this?
What does it mean? Does it not mean that they
who passed those resolutions thought that Con-
gress could not keep secret confidential communi-
cations? And are we more faithful than our
predecessors? Is this the only House of Repre-
sentatives out of thirty which has been trust-
worthy? I believe that there are one hundred and
twelve members belonging to this House who were
members of the last Congress. The last House of
Representatives passed numerous calls for inform-
ation, but all of them contained the usual excep-
tion. That body, therefore, thought that one
hundred and twelve members having seats on this
floor, could not be intrusted with information the
disclosure of which would injuriously affect the
public welfare. I know, sir, that we have a much
better opinion of ourselves than our predecessors
had. But I have yet to learn that immodesty is a
virtue; I have yet to learn, that they who consider
themselves immaculate are freest from blemishes;
I have yet to learn, that they who think they can
do no wrong, are surest always to do right. Mr.
Chairman, let us reflect upon some of the occur-
rences of the present session of Congress. Many
resolutions have been introduced by different mem-
bers. One of those, introduced by a Representa-
tive from Massachusetts, was so odious, that
though a simple resolution of inquiry, it received
but fifty-four votes out of one hundred and seven-
ty-nme that were cast. But a gentleman from
New York introduced a series of resolves, so hide-
ous in all their features, that, contrasted with them,
the Massachusetts bantling is beauty itself. I ask
the indulgence of the committee whilst I read one
or two of those resolves.
"Resolved, That the invasion of the territories of Mexico,
south and wen of the Rio Grande, either by ^ea or by land,
and the storming and capturing of her towns, and the slay-
inc: of her people within such territories, were acta of in-
juUicc, crueMy,aud wron%; and that t,ho requiring of Mexico,
at the pen! of hci national existence, to enter into treaty
stipulations with us, while her countiy is surrounded by our
navv, her capital and chief towns m our pv^esj-ion, her
country s-ubjiigured, and her people ciu^hed and prostrate
beneath our power,and with our le^ictless cannnn finwning
upon her, and our conquering sword gleaming over her, is
unreasonable and unfair fowaid«* Me.ueo, as one of the con-
tra'' t'liff partiC-, and unniaspummoiis and nmkristimi in us.
"RdyOlcal, That the present war with Mexico should not
he prosecuted any fuither for any purpo.^e whatever; that
the whole of our lorees in the Mexican country tthoiiid be
withdrawn as speedily a-s possible, and placed on terntorj'
which belongs to this country," Sic.
Now, sir, I do not question the probity of the
mover of these resolves. I admit that he is en-
tirely honest; but being honest, he must believe
that every advance of our armies into the heart of
Mexico is over risjht and justice; that every Mex-
can who falls before the arms of our soldiers falls
a victim to wrong and outrage; that every Mexi-
can city we take, every Mexican town we enter,
every Mexican fort we storm, is m the course of
rapine and cruelty; that all our boasted victories
are the rewards of inrquity, and all our bright tro-
phies burning proofs of our dishonor. Being hon-
est, he must needs rejoice at any event which
would snatch our standards from their high places
of triumph, and trail them in the dust, tattered and
torn, before the shouts of an exulting foe. Being
honest, he would necessarily exult over the dis-
comfiture of our generals, and recognize, in the
minder of our troops by Mexican arts, the hand of
a just and an avenging Deity. Being honest, he
would consider it a duty to disclose any informa-
tion which would expose our weakness, and build
up the strength of the enemy. And if, perchance,
through his means, our forces should be driven
this side the Del Norte, he would think that he
had performed a service to his race which should
gain for him the esteem of all good men in this
world, and everlasting bliss in the world which
is to come. I know not what others may
wish, but for myself, anxious though I am for
light and knowledge, yet convinced that uMex-
' ico, in her intercourse with us, has been faith-
' less in the fulfilment of her treaty engagements;
4 and the obligations imposed by the law of na-
' tions, and the code of personal honor;" con-
vinced that " she has been guilty of the most open
' violation of the truth, and of the most contempt-
' ibieand disgraceful crimes known to the Old Bailey
* Calendar;" convinced that the property of our citi-
zens has been-illegally seized by Mexican officers;
that our vessels have been condemned without the
shadow of law; that some of our^ citizcns have
been incarcerated in Mexican prisons without
cause, and that others have been butchered and
robbed by Mexican officials, with impunity; con-
vinced that the wrongs we have borne at the hands
of Mexico are such a3 no free people should ever
submit to, and that this war has been forced upon
us by Mexico, in the prosecution of her nefarious
designs ; convinced of all this, I, for one, cannot
desire the communication of any information to
this House, constituted as it is, the disclosure of
which can, in the slightest degree, be detrimental
to the public interest m the present posture of af-
fairs.
^ But the President has usurped authority; he has
violated the Constitution. That is the cry which
has been rung through this House. By the second
section of the second article of the Constitution of
the United States, it is ordained, "that the Presi-
dent shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
that two-thirds of the Senators present concur."
This clause excludes the House of Representatives
from any participation in the making of treaties.
But is it not plain, that if this House can demand
and have as matter of course all the papers relating
to a foreign negotiation, it can generally defeat
and always embarrass the legitimate action of the
treaty-making power, by disclosing those papers?
The admission of such an unqualified right makes
this House at once, to all intents and purposes, a
part of the treaty-making power. But this* is not
all. The fifth section of the first article of the
Constitution declares that " each House shall
keep a journal of its proceedings, and from time
to time publish the same, excepting such parts
as may in their judgment require secrecy." By
this clause, each House of Congress is consti-
tuted the exclusive judge of what it shall keep
secret. We cannot interfere with the Senate in
this respect, nor can the Senate interfere with
us. Now,,are not all the departments of this Gov-
ernment coordinate ? Is not each independent of
all the others? Can either interfere with the legal
action of any other? If, in our opinion, it be ne-
cessary to suppress the publication of any part of
our Journals, in order the better to enable us to
conduct our business and discharge our duties, no
power on earth can compel us to make those Jour-
nals public. And so I contend, that if the Presi-
dent of the United States believes that any papers
or documents relating to a negotiation—a subject
peculiarly intrusted to him by " the charter of our
liberties1'—should be kept secret, it is not compe-
tent to us to require him to publish them to the
world. I am aware that the assertion of this sen-
timent by the Administration is said to be usurpa-
tion, tyranny, despotism, an infringment of the
rights of Congress, an enlargment of Executive
discretion, and everything else that is bad and
wicked. No one will oppose more strenuously than
myself any and every illegal act on the part of the
Executive. But I cannot be induced, by a cry of
Executive usurpation, to interfere, or to seek to
interfere, with Executive rights. I am for the
compromises of the Constitution ; upon the main-
tamance of those compromises depends our chief
safety. But I am altogether deceived if the his-
tory of the country does not show that those com-'
promises arc in as much danger from Congressional
as Presidential aggression. It was Congress, and
not the President, that originated the system of
internal improvements, which was only partially
stayed by the veto of Jackson, and which has
threatened, and still threatens, to reduce our States
to mere dependencies upon the Federal Govern-
ment, and to result in consolidation—the worst
possible form of despotism. It was Congress, and
not the President, that sought to fasten upon the
country an overshadowing moneyed corporation,
which had begun to declare its decrees were the
will of the people—a corporation which has be-
come " an obsolete idea'5 only through the inde-
pendence of one of our Chief Magistrates. It was
Congress, and not the President, that established
that infamous robber system, cloaked under the
name of protection, which is calculated, if not in-
tended, to strip one part of the Union for the
benefit of another, and has already once brought
us to the very verge of destruction. We are
all old enough to remember when one of our
sister States, stung beyond endurance by the
tariff of 1828, declared that disunion was prefer-
able to the wretched state of existence to which
she was reduced, and assumed a hostile attitude
towards the Federal Government. We can never
forget the alarm and excitement, the intense alarm
and excitement, which that singular affair pro-
duced. The sun of our Republic seemed about
to set in blood. Our political organization appear-
ed tottering to its fall.. The fires of sectional ani-
mosity flashed upon the skies. The rocking of
the earthquake was felt. The ocean was boiling
and raging from the violence of the commotions
beneath. Our gallant bark of state was rushing
and plunging headlong upon that rock of civil dis-
cord, around which lay scattered the remnants of
so many former republics. At this time of great
need, the Executive arm was wielded to our rescue.
At this tin"ie, (thank God for it,) at this time, there
stood at the helm of affairs a man whose arm never
trembled and whose eye never failed him; and
steering us clear of the peril which threatened, he
conducted us into the haven of safety, and showed
at our mast-head " the stars and stripes," bearing
upon their ample folds the thrilling motto, " The
CJnion must and shall be preserved !" I am grat-
ified that Mr. Polk has avowed the determination
to adhere to the compromises of the Constitution.
Let him remain firm to that determination, and the
cup of his fame will be full. Let him remain firm
to that determination, and u the star of his civil
reputation will be fixed high in the political firma-
ment," far above the clouds and storms of party
warfare. Let him remain firm to that determina-
tion, and his exit from the Presidency will be as
honorable as his entry into it; his countrymen
will follow him to his retirement with gratitude,
and proclaim him the worthy successor of the illus-
trious man of the Hermitage.
Mr. GAYLE, (interposing.) I ask the gentle-
man to say whether he endorses that declaration
of President Polk.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman fVom
Missouri yield the floor?
Mr. HALL. No; like the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, I cannot yield.
Mr. GAYLE, (taking up his sentence above.)
If he does, I call him to order.
Mr. HALL disavowed intending any personal
remark.
He further proceeded to argue, that gentlemen,
by their denunciations of the war here, gave en-
couragement to the enemy; their speeches, he said,
were read at the head of'the Mexican troops, and
tended to inspire them and prolong the war.
Mr. H. having concluded his remarks—of which
we have not been able to give anything more than
a reference to some of the points—
Mr. BARROW obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion that the committee rise; which was
agreed to,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. McILVAIfVE : The memorial of "a meeting of the
friends of peace," held m Chester county, Pennsylvania,
praying that no more money be appropiiated for war oi pre-
parations tor war; and that measures be taken for so amend-
ing the Constitution as to abolish the army and navy of
the United States, and to release the people and the. Govern-
mentfrom all.obligation to maintain a militaiy system.
By Mr. ROSE : The petition of John and E'teabeth Bel-
linger, pravxni; Congress to arant them a pennon.
By Mi. JOHNSON, ofNew Hampshire: The petitions of
Esther Alexander, I-abel Butrhee, Mary Bemis, PhehaCobb,
Martha Chapman, Mary Chase, Abigail Coburn, Marcey
Howard, Charity TTarloh. Su-annah "Knight, L. Roberts,
Sarah Striekney, Marcy Wood, and Anna Wateon, for an
extension of the widows' pension act of June 17, 1844.
By Mr. P1LLSBURY: The memorial of E. B. Cogswell,
praying for payment of services as armorer to Texas Indians.
Also, the memoiial of G. W. Crawford, praymgfor payment
of supplies furnished to volunteers on the way to Mexico.
Oiiginal papers lost in the steamer New York.
By Mr. C. E. STUART : The petition of Patrick Maraut-
ette, of St. Joseph county, Michigan, praying that hi* claim
against the Pottawatomiesof the Nollawasepe, as audited by
General Mitchell, United States Commissioner of Indian
Claims, may be allowed and paid to him.
