THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND "PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY' BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
tion and careful consideration of the committee,
and trust that they will be able to afford some re-
lief to the petitioner, either by a general law or a
special act confined to this particular case, which
is certainly one of great hardship.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from'the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Mormon
Douglass, late United States Attorney in East
Florida; which was read a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill changing the time of hold-
ing the terms of the Circuit Court of the United
States for the district of Maine; which was read a
first time.
Mr. ASHLEY also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution in relation to the rendi-
tion of judgments against the United States in cer-
tain cases; which was read a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY also, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Leslie Combs, and that it
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEVIER. I can see no reason why there
should be a change of reference in this case.
Mr. BERRIEN. This is a claim arising from
the result of negotiation between the United States
and Mexico, when Texas was yet an independent
Republic. It is not a claim presented as growing
up subsequently to the time of her admission into
the Union. It is a question, therefore, depending
on the principles of international law. After the
union of Texas with this Republic, such claims
would properly belong to the Committee of Claims;
but the claim having arisen pwor to the union, I
submit that the subject properly belongs to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the committee will
not be discharged; if they should be, the subject
ought not to go to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations; for it is undoubtedly, as it seems to me,
entirely a distinct claim. It is one.which neces-
sarily requires the application of accurate and pre-
cise legal knowledge. And as these are very
interesting questions, and as it is probable that they
will occupy much of the attention of Congress in
future, I hope we shall have the benefit of all the
learning of the distinguished Committee on the
Judiciary.
. Mr. EiERRIEN. I shall be perfectly willing to
acquiesce in the suggestions of the Senator from
North Carolina, if he can indicate to me any one
principle of municipal law which will be brought
into discussion in the consideration of this claim.
The question is, what is the responsibility which
the United States incurs in consequence of her
associating with herself, and incorporating into the
Union, a foreign State? If that is not a subject for
the consideration of the Committee oil Foreign
Relations, I know not what is.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I disagree entirely with the
honorable Senator. I conceive that by far the most
difficult and delicate question involved in this claim
is a question of municipal law.
The question was put on discharging the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and it was determined in
the negative.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of John Searing ; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of Gad
Humphreys, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved, That tlio President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the geneiai orders
No. 3<o. is-ued by General Scott at Headquarters, Mexico,
bearing date lGth December last, were issued upon iiisliuc-
tions fiom the Secretary of War; and it" so, to lay such
instructions before the Senate; and also, any opinion of
General Scott m regard to the necessary military means to
cany said instructions into effect which may be on file.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over:
14
TUESDAY, JANUARY 25,1848.
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing he instructed
to inquire into and report to the Senate the manner in which
the printing of the Senate has been executed; whether it
has been done in conformity with the terms of the contract,
either as to the quality and size of the paper furnished, or
the manner in which the printing has been done; also, that
they inquire and repoit whether the documents piinted and
distributed by the printers to Congiess are correctly printed
from the originals sent to their office.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS,
Ordered, That the memorial of John Hagan, E. Lackett,
and Sherman Johnson, owners of the slaves compelled by
mutiny on board the Creoie to enter the port of S\jissau, and
liberated by the authorities of that place, be taken from the
files and referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the vote con-
firming the adverse report in the case of Amos
Holden was reconsidered, and the papers, with ad-
ditional evidence, referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. RUSK, in pursuance of notice, introduced
a bill to establish an additional'district court of the
United States in the State of Texas.
On motion, Mr. Bradbury was excused from
serving on the Committee on Printing; Mr. Cam-
eron from the Committee on Commerce; Mr. Yu-
lee from the Committee on Private Land Claims;
and Mr. Dickinson from the Committee on Pat-
ents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated thathe was
somewhat embarrassed as to the intention of the
Senate in regard to these appointments; whether
the chairmen were to be designated by him, or
merely appointed to complete the number.
Mr. MANGUM. I understand that the prac-
tice of the Senate has been that the Chair simply
appoint a member of the committee. I believe
that, under parliamentary rules, every committee
has a right to make its own chairman ; but it has
been the invariable practice here to accede to the
rule, when the appointment is given to the Chair,
that the first named on the committee shall be
chairman. Still I think it is within the compe-
tency of the committee to displace that chairman
at any time and appoint another. But when a va- j
cancy occurs, the usage, I think, has been simply
to appoint a committee man.
Mr. SEVIER. In regard to the practice of the
Senate, I happen to recollect one instance which
occurred in relation to a committee of which I was
a member—I mean the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. Judge White had been our chairman for
many years. I happened to be the second on that
committee. When Judge White resigned his seat
in the Senate, the then Presiding Officer of the
Senate appointed Mr. Tipton to be chairman.
Mr. CALHOUN. I think the practice has been
different. I know there have been cases where the
chairmen have been appointed by the Presiding
Officer; but I think the principle is, that the Chair
appoints the committee men, and it belongs to the
committee, where it is not otherwise provided for,
to say who shall be chairman.
Mr. YULEE said that he had occasion recently
to make some little examination of the subject. A
vacancy occurred in the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and a motion was made,in the terms usual
on such occasions, and a member was appointed
in the usual manner, and the committee, on ex-
amination of the question, found that the precedents
were unbroken, that when appointments were made
to fill vacancies by the Presiding Officer, under the
authority of the Senate, the member appointed
takes his place at the foot of the committee. The
committee always appointed their chairman unless
the Senate thought pi-oper to designate the chair-
man. This was the case with the Committee on
Foreign Relations; but the Committee on Naval
Affairs, referring fo the precedent of the Committee
on Finance, and an unbroken series of precedents,
considered that to be the -rule existing. The case
referred to by the Senator from Arkansas did not
fall under the observation of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER read from the Senate Journal the
case to which he had referred, to show that it was
competent for the Vice President to appoint any
Senator he pleased.
The PRESIDING OFFICER then put the
New Series No. 14.
question, "Shall the appointments be limited to
filling up the number?"and
It was decided in the affirmative.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL- '
The Senate having resumed the consideration of
the bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force—
Mr. FOOTE said: The Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Badger] concluded his speech of yes-
terday with the mention of what he was pleased
to entitle "the flickering light of military glory."
What does this mean r Does he so much condemn
the war, that he is of opinion, with some other
distinguished gentlemen ef his party, that no per-
manent honor can be acquired m a war so unjust
and unconstitutional ? I knew before that the ven-
erable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster]
had expressed, some months ago, his opinion, in
very plain language too, that no real glory could
be achieved in such a war. His words on this
point are worth quotation; for they seem to me to
indicate a settled design, not to say a deliberate
conspiracy, in certain quarters, to prevent om mil-
itary chieftains of this Mexican war from deriving
any eminent civic advancement from their immor-
tal exploits. C1 Sir," said the Senatoi from Mas-
sachusetts, on the occasion referred to, " I need
' not say that I have as much respect for uistm-
' guished military achievement as any man. I
* would not see any laurels tlio.t foplonged to it
£ withered. I honor those who are called on, by
1 professional duty, to bear cinns in theii countiy 8
' cause, and who do their duty well. I would ob-
1 scure none of their fame. But I will say here,
« and to them, that it is the solemn adjudication of
' nations, and it is the sentiment of the Christian
' world, that war waged for vicious purposes, or
1 from vicious motives, tarnishes the lustre of arms,
' and darkens, if it does not blot, what other-
' wise might be a glorious page in the history or
' the nation that makes it." Well, sir, the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, and others cooperating
with him in this discussion, claim to have proved
that this war was entered upon by the President,
not in defence, nor to avenge national injuries and
insults, but in order to secure a plausible pretext for
forcibly seizing upon, and permanently retaining,
the Caiifornias and New Mexico. He denounces
the act as a great ciime, and quotes poetry depictive
of Ins contempt and indignation against such vile
conduct; so that between the two distinguished
gentlemen, the case is easily made out. JNeitner
General Taylor nor General Scott could have
gained any laurels worthy to adorn the brow of a
patriot, since the war is judged to be both waged
for " vicious purposes" and from " vicious mo-
tives," and thus is " the lustre of arms]' seriously
"tarnished." This, too, is not mentioned to be
the opinion of a single individual, however distin-
guished, nor even of many; but " the adjudication
of nations," and " the sentiment of the Christian
world." No wonder that the Senator from North
Carolina talks about the flickering light of military
glory. This word flickering is quite expressive.
It is usually applied to the blaze of a candle or
lamp just in the act of becoming extinct. And,
sir, is it possible that all the glory which certain
gentlemen lately sow in the achievements of our
brave officers and men who have fought in Mexi-
co, is about becoming eclipsed? Shall we say of
the lustre of Buena Vista, " Sic transit gloria m.un-
tli ?" Has the old dread of military chieftains
suddenly come upon distinguished gentlemen? ^Is
Cicero's famous maxim—"Jlrma cedunt toga —
about to be realized ? Has some magnetic process
been going on, in order to win distinguished gen-
tlemen back to their old faith, and prevent them
j from running after new idols ? I have understood
that the celebrated lecturer on electro-magnetism
is in the city, and, if applied to, might perchance
suggest the means of succeeding in this;ma.,1it-
iz.ing scheme. Well, I am really afraid that if the
blaze of military glory is flickering, it may be
expected to go out shortly-
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I will say that the expression
