1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
minds of many deluded citizens, who will now see
that to doubt the justice and honor of this war, and
all the minor points involved in this sweeping
proposition, is to stultify their own understand-
ings, and to close iheir hearts' to all the ennobling
sentiments which swell and animate the bosom of
the patriot. Who will ever be unblushing enough
hereafter to deny the honor and justice of this war?
Who will hereafter deny that the Rio Grande was
the boundary line of Texas-before annexation, and
of our country since? Who will dare to call in
question the authority or policy of marching our
army to the left bank of this now famous river?
Who will doubt the previous determination of the
Mexican Groverranient, as promulgcd in grave pub-
lic documents, to carry on a cruel and devastating
war upon all our peaceful citizens who might,
at the period of intended invasion, be found west
of the Sabine ? W^ho will not now perceive that
o. large military force had been already concen-
ta*ated in the neighborhood of Matamoros, which
was already to li^ht up the flames of war along
our whole frontier, before the movement of
our heroic army from the west bank of the
Nueces? Thus might I have indulged in the lan-
guage of interrogation a few days ago. Alas! we
can do so no longer. Several gentlemen, standing
high with their party, and of deservedly respecta-
ble rank in a learned profession, have lately at-
tempted to put the country afloat again upon the
ocean of disputation. But I trust they will forgive
me for saying, what I think all, save themselves,
must have most sensibly felt, that I could not per-
ceive anything which fell from either of them at
all calculated to weaken the force of the argument
of the Senator from Maryland, as to any of the
points discussed by him. These, I proclaim, so
far as partisan opposition is concerned, are settled
points; in the language of the law-books, n% atlju-
dicata. The arena of controversy, as to all these
questions heretofore so fiercely disputed, should
be regarded as being now forever closed; and,
according to the Senator from Maryland, the Pres-
ident is only to blame/or not having caused a larger
force to march under command of General Taylor
than that distinguished officer saw assembled
around him upon the battle-fields of Palo Alto and
Resaca de la Palma. So that the President was
not censurable for ordering the march to the Rio
Grande, but for not discovering the intention of the
enemy still earlier than he did, and for failing to
assemble a sufficient body of men under the stand-
ard of our country, to have at once demoralized
the foe, and have caused him to abandon his hos-
tile design forever. I am persuaded, that if the
Senator had looked into this matter somewhat more
carefully, he would have ascertained that there was
asliitlc ground for condemning the Executive on
this score, as for ordering tlie march to the Rio
Grande ; as it is at least ccrtain, beyond contradic-
tion, that General Taylor had fuli authority to pro-
cure the increase of his army to any extent which
he might judge necessary; and that though he had
but a small force, in point of numbers, to contend
with the large army at the moment known to be
•concentrating upon the Rio Grande, yet his army
was just as large as he desired it to be, or supposed
to be at all necessary, and that he had been season-
ably given the power to increase his force according
to his discretion. How the admission of (he Senator
from Maryland, as to the justice and honor of the
war, can bemade to harmonize with a position after-
wards taken, that though Mexico was entirely to
blame, yet that the President is to blame also; and
that it was the duty of the President, though com-
mander-in-chief of our army, and bound, by his
oath of office as such, first to consult Congi ess before
he sent a single order to our commander at Corpus
Christi, directing him, in accordance with his own
views of the propriety, as antecedently expressed
to the Government, to place the troops under his
command in an attitude which mi^ht enable them
to defend the soil of our country from threatened
invasion I shall leave to the Senator himself and
the country to determine. I shall not debate this
point; a discussion of u, as it strikes me, would be
wholly profitless*, and I was too highly gratified
with nearly ah that fell from- that distinguished
gentleman, to seek controversy with him upon
subordinate questions. I would rather believe that
any apparent inconsistency in the views of the
Senator from Maryland arose from haste and inad-
vertence—from a natural unwillingness to part
company altogether with those who have been
heretofore his political associates; or from a dis-
position, sometimes evinced by legal gentlemen, to
show to those around with how much skill and
adroitness they are able " to confute, change
hands, and still confute.1)9 Instead of censuring
the Senator from Maryland for what may have
appeared to savor somewhat of illiherality and un-
fairness, I would prefer saying, that whilst the
distinguished Senator was speaking, I observed the
tempestuous excitement which he was awakening
around him; and discerning in countenances wont
to be serene, the signs of rising wrath, I could not
help recurring to that scene of elemental conflict,
so vividly portrayed by a poet of our times, when
he exclaims:
" The sky is changed ! and such a change ! oh night!
And storm, and darkness, ye are wondrous strong, yet love-
ly in your strength,
As is the light of a dark eye in woman ! Far along,
Ftom peak to peak the rattling orasrs anion?,
Leap-! the live thunder! Not from"one lone cloud,
But every mountain now hath found a tongue ;
And Jura answers from his mi«ti'«hmud
Back to the jnyous Alps, who call to him aloud."
And pursuing the description a- little further, I
would beg leave to say of the Senator from Mary-
land:
" Now where the quick Rhone thus hath cleft his way.
The mightiest oftlie storms has td'en his stand :
For here not one, but many make their play.
And fling their thunderbolt from hand to hand,
Flashing and cast around: of all the hand,
The brightest through these parted hills hath forked
His lightnings—as ifhe did understand,
That in such gaps as desolation woikea,
There the hotshaftsshould bla~t whatever therein lurked."
Sir, the President has been much complamed of
in this discussion for having suggested, in his sec-
ond annual message, that " aid and comfort" had
been imparted to Mexico in this war by a few per-
sons in this country, who are exerting' a zealous
opposition to the further prosecution of hostilities.
I deem this complaint wholly unfounded, and will
endeavor to demonstrate it to be so.
Sir, in this age of cultivated reason, which may
be emphatically called the age of moral influences,
when the mind of man is every day achieving new
victories, more brilliant and decisive than the old,
over the serious impediments of various kinds
which have heretofore obstructed its progress along
the pathways of knowledge—when the matured
thoughts of gifted and powerful minds, upon sub-
jects both practical and speculative, by means of
innumerable printed volumes, the newspaperpress,
periodicals, literary and scientific, convenient mail
arrangements, steamboats, and other vessels of
great celerity of motion upon the water, railways
and the electric telegraph upon the land, are com-
municated almost \vith the rapidity of lightning
from the closets of the learned to the toiling mil-
lions of all civilized counti les under the sun—when
arguments, and statements of facts, and the beau-
tiful embellishments of poetic fancy, and the daz-
zling and overwhelming influence of inflammatory
eloquence, are constantly finding their way to the
palaces of the great and the cottages of the humble,
penetrating towns, and villages,and country places,
and reaching even the most retired nooks and cor-
ners of social Existence—dreadful, oh! dreadful, is
the responsibility, both to God and man, of him
who perverts truth, or propagates falsehood, or
sophisticates for the delusion of the masses, or
shows a reckless disregard of the consequences
likely to be produced in'the minds and conduct of
others, by what he either utters as a public speaker,
or throws upon paper for more extensive dissemi-
nation.
There are distinguished statesmen in this coun-
try, whose speeches and letters are read with at-
tention, and are known to wield an influence not
inconsiderable among all nations where the art of
printing has been introduced, and with which we
have heretofore established relations of commer-
cial intercourse. Some of these personages have
been at one time members of this body; some are,
perchance, bustling and noisy politicians still,
who delight in frequenting the thoroughfares of
social life, and in keeping their political friends in
remembrance of their own peculiar merits. But
there is still another class of American great men,
whose opinions are inteiesting to the world: I al-
lude now to the Nestors or Methuselahs of party;
a few of whom have retreated long since to the
calmer walks of private life, but who still, through
some dim loophole of " philosophic retiracy," oc-
cupy themselves alternately in watching the omin-
ous and exciting fluctuations of the stock-market,
or in spying out the " signs" in the political or
financial sky; and who are heard, ever dnd anon,
to whisper to themselves, and a few infatuated and
interested votaries around them, with something
perchance of doting dignity and Delphic solemnity
of manner commingled: " Felix qui potuit rerum
cognoscere ccmsas." There are others, perhaps
wiser still, who hav.e chosen to burythemselves
in rural solitude—absorbed, it may be, in the com-
fortable and more primeval business of tending
herds, and " mending fences," raising for market
far other "stock" than that which is known famil-
iarly on 'Change; who talk eloquently of bullocks
or " virgin heifers," on holyday occasions; and
who, every now and then, are seen emerging from
their dearly-prized places of repose, in order once
more, if they can, to seize the direction of the un-
derstandings and sensibilities of their countrymen.
Some of these personages—unmindful of the ex-
ample of the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who, when the Oregon question was under
discussionjn this body, for some days, and per-
haps weeks, refused positively to enter into the
debate then in progress, and finally declared, in
most emphatic terms, the obligation which he
felt to be resting on his conscience, whilst the
title of his country to territorial domain was
undergoing diplomatic discussion, not to breathe
a single syllable calling that title in question—
have not hesitated, in this war with Mexico,
when questions much more important than claims
to disputed territory were pending between the
two countries; when millions of money and
the most precious blood of the nation were all
placed at hazard upon the issue of arms; when
national honor and individual fame were both in a
condition to he dangerously affected by imprudent
and mischievous speaking and acting, to, arrange,
in the most ostentatious manner, for the fulmina-
tion of fierce and fervid harangues, denunciatory
of their own country, and commendatory of the
enemy; at a moment, and under such circum-
stances, too, as must have made known to them-
selves, in advance, the material fact, that almost as
soon as their speeches should be delivered, they
would be read in the United States, and thus serve
to dispirit their own countrymen, and indispose
them, more or less, for the hard service of the
tented field; would circulate in Mexico, and en-
courage the enemy to renewed hostilities; would
be republished across the Atlantic, and come back
with a rebound from foreign shores, to multiply
the original effect, both here and in Mexico.
These gentlemen could not well avoid knowing
all these things, and yet have they been wholly
unmindful of them. Indeed, a few are reported to
have grown more furious under the just censures
with which they have been visited. Will any
man say now that these persons were not warring
against their own country?—that they have not,
morally speaking, joined the enemy? Well do
we know the opinion and feelings of our own
noble officers and soldiers on this melancholy
subject. The speech of the heroic Doniphan at
St. Louis, last summer, the recent statements of
Wynkoop and Morgan, which we have all read
in the newspapers, have administered most dam-
ning proof against these mischievous and meddle-
some harangues, and will eventually consign them,
one and all, if they shall not speedily exhibit sat-
isfactory signs of a genuine repentance, to an in-
famy as undying as their offences, whilst una-
toned for, are unpardonable, either upon earth or
in heaven.
Hear what the heroic Colonel Burnet said the
other day in Philadelphia, at a dinner given in
honor of him:
" He (Colonel Burnet) could not refrain from thanking
the company assembled for the compliment done his regi-
ment and himself— that it did not exactly become him to
speak of the policy of tile war, but he would give some gen-
eral view-: m regard to the feeling in Mexico, and that in
order to prosecute the wai with effect, we should he united
as a people. [Three ctmers.J Colonel Burnet said Santa
Anna had piepaied a document made up fioin speeches and
edifoiials put forth in this country concerning the war, among
wluch was the declaration of ati American Senator that lie
would not vote for supplies. These things operated against
us veiy much."
Let no man hereafter complain of the President;
he told but the truth about this matter, and with a
republican boldness and simplicity becoming his
character and station. As our executive sentinel
upon the watch-tower of the nation, he but impart-
ed seasonable notice to his countrymen of the fierce
dangers with_ which moral treason was rapidly
