216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
stands unresisting before you, and you talk of
keeping secrets from her; of keeping secrets from
us lest this poor, down-trodden Republic shall have
some light shed upon her mind as to the further
proceedings which we intend to adopt in relation
to the prosecution of this war! This argument
cannot satisfy the Senate or the country. It ought
not to satisfy the country. You have gof peace,
in effect, now. Mexico is at this moment at your
feet, and subject to your dictation. The general
orders from your commander issued to your armies
show that he is intending to spread them over that
country, making them a sort of armed collectors
of revenue. That seems to be the employment
which now remains for your armed forces in Mex-
ico. Is she not conquered when she has no army
left—no Government left—no material of war—no ,
money—no credit? When a nation is thus de- j
pressed and disarmed, what is wanting to her I
corkjuest and subjugation; She is conquered, sir; :
and everybody will acknowledge it in six weeks j
from this time, as I verily believe. And this war, ;
and this country, and this peace, will become a '
proper subject for the legislative department I j
I hope to see that question come speedily, and j
then it will depend upon the wisdom and discre- '
tion of Congress on what terms and in what man- .
ner it is to be determined ; whether Congress will 1
declare that we shall swallow Mexico whole, in
the figurative but strong language of the honorable
Senator, or what else we shall do ; what member
of her we shall swallow—whether a leg, or an arm, ;
or the head ; in what manner we shall address our- i
selves to the new species of cannibalism prescribed j
to the American people. All this we will have i
determined by Congress. Its appetite will regu- !
late us in what we are to do. This, however, is
going beyond the question, and I hare been led
into these remarks by those to which I am attempt- j
. ing to reply. The question is on obtaining from j
the President of the United States that information
■which is necessary for our intelligent action. Is j
this war to shut up these departments, and restore i
the ancient time when diplomacy dwelt in dark- >
ness, or when the arcana of State were to be kept ■
within the inter penetralia of the temple where the.'
people with unclean feet had no right to go; where
the people had no right to meddle with the mvste- !
ries of State? These days have passed by, and I
hope and trust that the Senate will find no sort of
objection to the passage of this resolution. If the
gentleman desires, the clause allowing the exercise
of discretionary posver to the President may be j
added; if there be any littie secret spot, any plague
spot, in all the communications upon this subject,
it can be kept back. Give us only what is useful
to us. That is all that is wanted ; that is all that
is asked for. But it seems that gentlemen are not
willing—I need not say gentlemen—the honoi'able
Senator is not willing that we should be permitted '
even to interrogate the President. I hope we may
be allowed to interrogate him, and that we may
have this information.
Observe how this thing operates. Amongst the
information called for, there is embraced a letter
from General Scott, and that is communicated to |
the honorable Senator himself, and a part of it is ;
read to the Senate. Now, he knows that it is !
contrary to all legal rules of documentary evidence |
to read only a part. We have a right to the whole, j
Is the light to be measured out in this way?—a J
portion given to one member and a portion to i
another—whilst those who are blessed with the full i
blaze of day are to have the whole of it; the great
body of us being left to wonder in ignorance of "
those great subjects which demand our most !i
solemn consideration and responsible action ? It !j
cannot be so, sir. The gentleman, if I understand i!
aright, has read an extract from a letter. We in- j:
sist, if the letter can be confided to the head of a
committee it may be confided to the Senate, either j;
in confidence or not, as the President pleases. I Sj
have no feeling of captiousness upon this subject,
and not the slightest personal feeling. I think it
is the right of the Senate to have this information;
and that if access to the Executive departments by j!
the legislative bodies is to be precluded in this way, !
we must become nothing but the shadow of alegis-
lature. It is altogether contrary to former prac- !i
tice to refuse this inquiry. Few, indeed, have
been the instances in which such a resolution has ;i
been opposed, and never upon the vague generali-
ties now put forward. ;
Mr. CASS. One word, Mr. President. I can- U
not suffer myself to be misunderstood by the ex-
ertion of the great talents of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, nor by his manner, always im-
posing, though often sarcastic. I must say that the
honorable Senator has exhibited great ingenuity
in putting his own construction on my meaning.
I wish now to give my own. In the first place,
the extract read to the Senate was all that related
i to the subject. The Government determined upon
I a certain plan of operations, and to carry that into
effect asked for fifty thousand men. General Scott
has submitted some three or four plans, without
giving the preference to one. The Government
had adopted one of those plans, and asked for the
: necessary legislative measures to carry it into effect.
: All that relates to this plan was contained in the
extract that I read, and the Senate was thus put in
possession of the views of the Government and the
commanding general on the topic which occupies
their attention. All else was, in fact, but specula-
tion. Well, now, the honorable Senator fromKen-
tucky seems to think that I see a secret in every-
thing, whilst he sees a secret in nothing. The
subject is exceedingly clear. I did not say that
there were any secrets at all involved in this
call. All I maintained was the great principle in
all Governments, that during the time of war, cau-
tion was to be exercised in giving publicity to
specific plans of the campaign. In that connection
there must be seciets.
, Mr. CRITTENDEN, (in his seat.) Certainly
i there may be.
S Mr. CASS. What, sort of war would it be in
which there were no secrets? War is a game
i played by intelligent and experienced men, not by
i men who show their hands to their adversary,
j The thing is impossible. No such war has ever
\ been waged successfully, and no such war wul be
I waged s§ long as men are compelled to resort to
| wars. No secrets I They are dishonox-able ! Ev-
| erything should be known! And a commanding
: general who sits down before a city must begin by
j sending to his opponent with the summons to sur-
render, a true abstract of his force, of his munitions
; of war, and his means of subsistence ! And from
; day to day this must be renewed with the morning
| report, because there should be no secrets I And
when he proposes to make a movement, with the
same abhorrence of secrecy, he must send in with
a flag of true his projet of operations—where he
will march such a day—where he will encamp
such a night—and what he proposes to do, and
with what amount of men and material! This
may all be very chivalric, but it would not be very
well received in this age of the world. No, sir;
there must of necessity be secrets with regard to
the conduct of the war. With respect to the gen-
eral operations which the Government directs, I
see no objections to disclosing them.
The honorable gentleman says that I advocated
the swallowing of Mexico; and he will pardon me
for saying it, but in a sneering tone he asks, shall
it be done limb by linib, and, sir, would it affect
digestion ? Mr. President, I will not stop to dispute
with the honorable Senator about words. He may
talk sarcastically of a just indemnity, of taking
Mexican territory, limb by limb, and swallowing
it. There are few things, however serious, which
may not be turned into ridicule. It is, however,
no test of truth. Mr. Jefferson spoke of the
gradual augmentation of our country, which he ]
foresaw and approved, and called it extending j
freedom, piece by piece. Now, sir, I prefer this j
expression of Mr. Jefferson, piece by piece, to the
expression of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, limb by lunb; though, if we cannot get the
territory that we are justly entitled to without that
expression, I am willing to take it limb by limb.
My allusion to this subject was in this wise:
The honorable Senator from South Carolina, in '
his speech a few days since, deprecated the absorp- '
tion of all Mexico, which measure, if adopted, he '
considered to be fatal to this Government. Now, 1
sir, what was my remark in reference to this? ,
.Rather light m manner, perhaps, but sufficiently I
clear in its meaning: that this Government would
stand a great deal of killing; and that I did not be- !
lieve even the swallowing of all Mexico would be
fatal to it, though I was not myself in favor of the
measure. I was satisfied with taking a reasonable
territorial indemnity, if the Mexicans would cede
it, leaving the subsequent relations of the two !
countries to be determined by subsequent events, j
Well, sir, I repeat again, that I have no belief that 1
if Mexican independence were annihilated to-mor-
row, and the whole country annexed to the United
States, it would kill us. And I believe there is
nothing under heaven which can kill this Govern-
ment but the people themselves. That is my opin-
ion of its power of vitality. Ever since I have
been upon the stage of action, our country has been
killed by prophets of evil, crying "Wo, wo, to Je-
rusalem!" Cassandras predicting a crisis to-day,
and destruction to-morrow; yet we have gone on
from increase to increase. And where our final
boundaries are to be, He who controls the fate of
empires alone can tell. I did not suppose that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky could misunder-
stand me, or have converted a figure of speech,
such as swallowing a nation, into an argument to
be refuted by a serious analogy to the humaTi body.
War and conquest are means to attain an end, and
they are controlled in their general operations by
the law of nations. They are to be directed by the
Executive Government upon its responsibility,
subject, of course, to the supervision of Congress,
with the great object, in the present instance, of
making a speedy and honorable peace with Mexi-
co. The honorable Senator says that we are now
" in effect" at peace. What this qualification " in
effect" means, I do not know. The Mexican Gov-
ernment is resisting; a fugitive sometimes travelling
from place to place; still resisting, still unable or
unwilling to do us justice. When Mexico is will-
ing to do us that justice which you, Mr. President,
and I believe all this side of the Senate believe, and
some portion on the other, to be due to us, then,
and not till then, we may relax our exertions, as
we shall have conquered a peace. But I repeat,
what I before said, that the longer Mexico con-
tinues her obstinate rejection of reasonable indem-
nity, and the greater the exertion she compels us
to make, the greater will be our demands, and the
heavier her losses. What we would have accepted
last year, or even at the commencement of the pres-
ent campaign, we may well refuse now; and what
we would accept now, we may well refuse after a
few months. And how much the public senti-
■| ment of this country may demand a year or two
i( years hence, if the war continues so long, I do not
j pretend to predict. We may have to make the
j! great experiment so dreaded by the Senator from
i South Carolina and the Senator from Kentucky,
j and annex the domains of Mexico to our own.
ij This is the penalty which national injustice has
j! often been called to pay, and which Mexico may
1 be preparing for herself.
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know that in time of
j war, in the conduct of armies and campaigns, iho
j general does not communicate to the enemy the
route by which he intends to march, or the plan
which he has adopted for attaining his objects.
But the information now sought for of the Exec-
utive is of an entirely different character. The
argument of the honorable Senator, it is evident,
is one to which he has been driven by the neces-
sity of his case; and I say again, although there
may be secrets, and certain circumstances which
it may be important to keep concealed for tile
time, those now asked for are not of that descrip-
tion. I really wonder how the gentleman can re-
peat in this solemn style, without a smile upon hist
face, the asseveration that it. would be dangerous
to communicate this information, as it would be
advantageous to the enemy! As well might it
have been said, during the war against the Semi-
n'oles, that information should not be given lest the
Scmmoles might get it! Because, in another state
of affairs, it might be proper to withhold informa-
tion, it does not follow that everything is to be
kept a secret. If, as the Senator says, the Exec-
utive has no secrets that it is not willing to reveal,
| why this opposition to these resolutions of inquiry ?
' The Senator now tells us the contents of the letter
; from General Scott, a portion of which he read the
■ other day. I ask if this sort of verbal information
; is to be communicated, instead of the official infor-
J mation to which the Senate is entitled ? Is the
j inquiry of the Senate to be stifled by some gentle-
| man taking upon himself the responsibility of get-
( ting up here and speaking for the Government,
and giving us what he reports as the substance of
information ? No; we have a right to the informa-
i tion in its authentic and official form—in that we
; may see what it contains—no more and no less,
i To that we have a right.
I have every confidence in the honorable Sena-
tor. His statement to me personally in relation to
