1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
210
misfortune, and that now it must be apparent to
all, since Carthage was actually about to lose her
nationality, and wotfld be therefore unable to ap-
point commissioners after awhile to make a treaty
of peace ? This melancholy page in Roman an-
nals has not descended to us; and the war with
Carthage was ultimately closed on terms that the
Romans themselves, so far as I have heard or be-
lieve, never complained of. There was no talk in
the Roman Senate such as we have had here now,
that to deprive Carthage of any portion of her ter-
ritory, by way of indemnity, would be as bad as
highway robbery, and that a treaty of peace even
for that purpose would be a mere nullity, on ac-
count of its having been extorted by force; as
more than one of the profound jurists on the other
side of the Chamber have not hesitated to avow.
But the Senator from South Carolina takes what
he calls " higher ground," and urges that if Mex-
ican nationality be extinguished, we shall be forced
in the end, either to fall back to his defensive line,
or to do what he supposes to be much worse,
either to incorporate all Mexico within our limits,
or establish a provincial government there. I take
issue with the Senator at once as to both these
alternatives. 1 deny that, in the case he has stated,
if it ever should occur, we should be forced either
to incorporate Mexico and her whole people,
Indians, negroes, half-breeds, and all, in the sense
in which the Senator from South Carolina uses
that term, or that we should be compelled to treat
her as a.province, in the Roman sense of that term;
or that, not doing either of these things, we then
should be compelled to fall back to a defensive
line. I will discuss these points more fully after
a while; but I desire, at first with great and heart-
felt deference to the Senator's excellent memory,
to set him right, if I can, in regard to certain points
of Roman history, a correct understanding of
which is, perhaps, material to this branch of the
controversy. The following paragraphs of the
honorable Senator's speech contain the errors
which I suppose him to have committed:
" What is the object of a vigoious piosecution of the war?
How can it be successful ? 1 can see but one way of making
it so, and that is by suppressing all resistance on the pail of
Mexico, overpowering and dispersing her army, and utterly
overthrowing her Government. BuUf thatshould be done—
if a vigorous piosecution of the wai should lead to that
result, how are we to obtain an honorable peacc? With
whom shall we treat for indemnity for the past and security
for the future ? War may be made by one party, but it
requires two to make peace. If alt authority is overthrown
in Mexico, where will be the power of entering into nego-
tiation and make peace? Our very success would defeat
the possibility of making peace?
" In that case the wai would not end in peace, but in con-
quest; not in negotiation, but in subjugation; and defeat, I
rep-at, thi' very object you aim to accomplish, and accom-
plish that wlu< li you <h-a\ow t" be jour intention, by dc-
Htrnying the separate existence of Mexico, overthrowing her
nationality, and blotting out her name ft om the list ot na-
tions, instead ot leaving liei a lice Republic, which the
Provident lias no uaiue-tly expressed his dcsoie to do.
u The Pre.-ident is light. If the vigoious prosecution of
the war Miould be sueccsf-ful, and the contingency on which
he expects to make ,i treaty fails, there will be no retreat.
Eveiy argument against calling back the army and taking a
defensive line will have double force, alter having spent
sixty millions of dollars, and acquired the possession of the
whole ot Mexico, and die interests in favor of keeping pos-
session would be much more powertul then than now.
The army itself will be laigur; those who live by the war, the
nuincrou- contractors, the merchants,"the sutlers, the specu-
lators in land and mine-*, and all who aie profiting directly
or indirectly by its prosecution, will be adveise to reining,
and will bwell the ciy of holding on to our conquests. They
constitute an immense body of van influence, who are grow-
ing rich by what is impoverishing the resst of the countiy.
" That it would be contrary to the genius and character of
our Government, and subversive of our free popular institu-
tions, to hold Mexico as a subject province, is a proposition
too dear for argument before a bud} so enlightened as the
Senate. * * * * * *
" Let it not be said that Great Britain is an example to the
contrary; that &he holds ptovinces of vast extent and popu-
^. lation, without materially meaning the liberty of the sub-
ject, or of'exposing the Government to violence, anarchy,
confusion, or coriuption. It is so. But it must be attributed
to the peculiar character of lier Government. Of all gov-
ernments that ever existed, of a free chaiacter, the British
far transcends them all m one particular, and that is, its ca-
pacity to bear putionage without the evils usually incident to
it. She can hear more, in proportion to population and
wraith, than any government of that chaiacter that ever ex-
it ted. J nngnteveu go further, and assert than despotism
itself in its mosjt absolute form. I will not undertake to ex-
plain wh> it h so. It will take me further from the course
which 1 have pre?eubed for myself than I desire; but I will
say, m a few word-, that it results from the fact that her
Executive and the House of Lords, (the conservative branch-
es of her Government,) aie both hereditary, while the other
House of Parliament has a popular chaiacter. The Roman
govern merit exceeded the British in its capacity for conquest.
No government ever did exist, and none piobably ever will,
which, in that paiticular, equalled it; but its capacity to
hold conquered provinces in subjection was as nothing
compared to that of Great Britain ;'and lierice. when the
Roman power passed beyond the limits of Italy, crossed the
Adriatic, the Mediterranean, and the Alps, hbeity tell pros-
trate; the Roman people became a rabble ; eoiruption pen-
etrated every departmentof the government; violence and
anarchy ruled the day, and military despotism closed the
scene. Now, on the contrary, we see England, with sub-
ject proyinces of vastly greater territorial extent, and prob-
ably of not infeiior population, (I have not compared them ;)
we see her, I repeat, going on without the personal liberty
of the subject being materially impaired, or the government
subject to violence or anarchy I"
Now, I shall not here stop to discuss the mean-
ing of the term province. It is obvious that the
Senator's view of the matter is, that the extension
of territorial dominion by Rome had the effect of
prostrating her liberties. I confess I never met
with this opinion before.' It is certainly not in
Gibbon, or Niebuhr, nor do I think it can be found
in the pages of any other philosophic historian
who has written of that wonderful people. On the
contrary, the freedom of Rome commenced with
territorial conquests, grew and strengthened con-
tinually with further conquests, and never became
very seriously impaired, until the god Terminus
began to think of receding. " But though Termi-
nus," says Gibbon, " had resisted the majesty of
Jupiter, he submitted to the authority of the era-
peior Hadrian." The first emperor of Rome for
the first time announced the no-territory policy to
Roman ears; and accordingly, the same illustrious
historian just quoted, sa^fe " the principal con-
' quests of the Romans were achieved under the
'republic; and the emperors, for the most part,
' were satisfied with preserving those dominions
'which had been acquired by the policy of the
' Senate, the active emulation of the consuls, and
< the martial enthusiasm of the people. The seven
* first centuries were filled with a rapid succession
' of triumphs, but it was reserved foi Augustus to
' relinquish the ambitious design of conquering the
' whole earth, and to introduce a spirit of modera-
' tion into his councils."
The Senator from South Carolina was pleased
to designate a period in Roman history as the com-
mencement of the ruin of free institutions nearly
four hundred years anterior to the age of the An-
tonmes, selected by Mr. Gibbon as thebeginning of
the decline and fall of Roman power. "He says:
"As soon as the Roman power passed from Italy
' beyond the Adriatic on the one side, and the
1 Alps on the other, and the Mediterranean, their
'liberty fell prostrate." Well, if the Senator is
correct in this statement, Roman liberty perished
before the five hundred and fiftieth year from the
building of the city, and nearly two hundred years
before the reign of Augustus; as Illyncum, be-
yond the Adr'atic, was certainly subdued as early
as the year five hundred and fifteen, ab urbe condita;
Spain was conquered by Scipio in the year five
hundred and forty-seven of the same era; and the
Macedonian kingdom was overthrown, and all
Greece delivered from the tyranny of Nabis about
ten years later. To recognize Roman liberty as
haying been prostrated thus early, would be to
take away from the honor of free institutions more
than i am willing to do, and would inevitably cast
a multitude of great names, heretofore associated
with the career of Roman liberty, into a dim and
dusky eclipse, which would be seriously dispirit-
ing to the champions of freedom throughout the
jyorld.
The truth is, sir, that there never was a year
when Rome was free that she was not advancing
rapidly along the pathways of territorial conquest.
Let me cursorily mention a fexv names of conquered
and annexed peoples, who had fallen before the
Roman power anterior to the period of prostration
specified by the Senator from South Carolina;
commencing with the Albans, we have, then, the
Latines, the Sabmes, the Fidenatians, the Falisci-
ans, the Venetians, the Prenestines, the Campani-
ans,the Sammtes, the Hemieiuns, the Tiburtians,
the Privernians, the Apulians, the Etruscans, the
Umbrians, the Marcians, the Pelignians, the
Equans, the Volstnians, the Lucanians, the Ta-
rentines, the Bruttians, the Sallentiues, the States
of Sicily, Carthage, Spain, Sardinia, Corsica, the
Ligurians, &c., &c., &c. How wonderful it must
seem to the Senator from South Carolina, that
Roman liberty was not prostrated much earlier,
even than the date of its extinction which he has
specified 1
But I will not pursue this topic further; and, in-
deed, should not have discussed it at all, but for
the apprehension which I felt, "that the powerful
argument of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina on this point, being wholly unanswered,
might have an effect upon the public mind more or
less detrimental in its character.
If the Senator had ascribed the prostration of
Roman liberty to her badly-balanced frame of gov-
ernment, into which " the most incongruous and
antagonizing elements had found entrance, and
maintained unceasing discord;'- to her defective
system of jurisprudence, which, until the days of
Justinian, was confessedly one of the most imper-
fect ever known; to her want of the representative
and confederative principles of government; to her
xvant of trial by jury, and her want of the means
of rapidly communicating intelligence from place
to place of her extended empire; and had ended
with asserting that corruption, the means of per-
petrating which, had been supplied to some extent
by a system of robbery and confiscation in foreign
and remote regions, which is impossible in this
country under our Constitution, had aided in this
sad work, I should have concurred with him most
heartily. But to give all these considerations the
go-by, and ascribe the downfall of Roman freedom
to a single cause, and that not the true one, strikes
me to be hardly as practical as to settle the matter
summarily, by repeating the language of poetry,
and saying, with Byron—
" The Goth, the Christian, Time, War, Flood, and Fire,
Have dealt upon the seven-hilled City's pride;
She saw her glorie?, star by &tai, expire,
And up the steep, barbarian monaichs ride,
Where her car ehmed the Capitol."
But let us advance a little further in examination
of the honorable Senator's view of the dangers like-
ly to arise to our institutions from the incorpora-
tion or provincialization of Mexico; one of which
he says we will have to do in a short time, if we do
not come over to his defensive line theory. The
complete denationalization of Mexico, he says,
will bring us to the necessity of choice between -
these alternatives.
Admitting the denationalization of Mexico to be
at hand, then I contend, that without falling back
to a defensive line, and without establishing a
provincial government, or the incorporation of her
people, in their present condition at least, measures
could yet be taken, without varying at all from
the policy necessary to be pursued in order to
ensure a vigorous prosecution of the war, and, in-
deed, in pursuance of the military occupation poli-
cy now promulged by General Scott, that would
inevitably lead to the gradual civilization and
Americanization of Mexico, and, possibly, her
eventual annexation to the Confederacy, when
qualified for this honor. I am proposing nothing
for piesent adoption; it would be presumptious
in me to do so. The views which I am about to
expiess are my own, and may be, for aught I
know, in their entirety, confined to myself; nor
is any other person, official or unofficial, at all
responsible therefor. Though I am happy to be-
lieve, that they will be generally concurred in by
those whom I represent here, and in the main,
judging from their published views, by two dis-
tinguished citizens of my own State, whose high
reputation for abilities, for moral worth, and pro-
found acquaintance with this particular subject,
will secure, for any opinions which they may be
known to approve, the utmost respect from their
countrymen. I allude to the late Governor of
Mexico, General Q,uitman,and another personage,
whose name, for certain delicate public reasons,
I may not mention here, but who was once my
predecessor on this floor, and has since associated
himself in deathless connection with the great
principles of free trade, and who may well be re-
cognized as the Cobden and Mansfield combined,
of this Western World.
Thus premising, I pioceed to declare, that if
hereafter driven, by stress of circumstances, such
as have been anticipated by the Senator from South
Carolina, to despair altogether of the effectuation
of a treaty with Mexico, and we should be forced
to keep possession of the country, in spite of our
willingness to surrender it to its own present inhab-
itants on fair and honorable terms, why, even then,
I should not unite with the Senator from South
Carolina in the sentiments of profound hopeless-
ness, to which he has given such eloquent expres-
sion in our midst; but should endeavor to educe as
much good as practicable from what might be con-
sidered by many as only unmixed evil.
And upon some such plan as I will proceed now
