224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
too many clerks; deploy them, concentrate your
forces upon some other point, and you could have
the business of the country performed without
augmenting the number of officers that were con-
stantly increasing and preying upon the vitals of
the country.
He knew in this particular atmosphere it was a
little dangerous to talk about office-holders. Many
of them had nothing to do but write letters to puff
particular individuals, and he who dare raise his
voice against this interested clique, this set of
political vampires, who were fixed upon the Gov-
ernment, and who cared not for the interests of the
people, he knew was treading on dangerous ground.
They wrote letters to the newspapers in various
sections of the country, and would misrepresent
and vilify, he expected, any individual who dare
expose abuses of this sort. He had almost as
soon set his foot into a nest of electric eels; he had
as soon come in contact with the bohan upas, as
with this miserable class of pensioners upon the
public'treasury, who, instead of attending to the
business of their offices, busied themselves in this
way. But he would speak, let the consequences
be what they might. .Now go along down Penn-
sylvania Avenue of an evening, and who do you
find there? Why these office-holders, lounging
about the hotels and places of public resort—some
of them with pencil and paper in hand collecting
and noting down facts for a letter. A most en-
lightened set of gentlemen ! Go to the pistol gal-
lery, whefe a man was marked out with chalk to
be fired at, and he would not be much surprised if
you found office-holders there; go to the billiard
table, and he would not be much surprised if they
might be found there; go to the faro bank; go to
the ten-pin alley; and—he would not pursue this
matter too far or enter into the details—but he
should not be much astonished if they might be
found at all these places.
He was for having this work performed. He
wanted all these warrants issued to those entitled
to them. But in attempting to accomplish a good
he did not want to eifect a greater evil. Deploy
your forces; commence work a little earlier and
continue it a little later; and only tv/o hours addi-
tional time per day would be equal to one hundred
and sixty-six additional clerks, supposing there to
be only five hundred now employed.
But it might be said to him, are you opposed to
giving these warrants out to the poor volunteer,
who has fought the battles of his country? No,
sir. He wanted him to have his warrant at the
earliest practicable period, to enjoy the benefit, and
his course in this House had evinced clearly, con-
clusively, that he was as much the friend of the
volunteer as anybody else. But he was not m
favor of increasing the number of officers of this
Government. It was time to stop. When they
got into a little squeeze, it was not, work a little
longer, commence a little earlier and work a little
later, but give us an additional number of men.
Isow, it did seem to him that they could set about
it and so arrange this thing, if all were so dispos-
ed, as that two and perhaps three times the labor
might be performed by the same number of men,
and they only work a reasonable number of hours.
For two reasons he was opposed to the form in
which the resolution now stood; in the first in-
stance, that it proposed to change the appointing
power; and next, that it gave unlimited discretion
to the Commissioner of Pensions as to the number
ofolficeishe mightappomt,and to the salaries which
they were to receive. Was the House piepared
for a resolution of that sort? Not a word was said
about increasing the number of hours they were
to work; but the number of clerks was to be in-
creased ! He hoped, before the question was taken
on the adoption of the resolution, it would be so
amended by the House as to increase the number
of hours, to deploy the forces employed in the va-
rious bureaus, so as to render them most effective,
and, if new appointments were indispensably neces-
sary, that it would not be left without some limit,
and that they would be made by the head of the
department, the proper officer. In this form it
would be much more acceptable.
Mr. THOMPSONS,of Indiana, moved the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER announced, if the demand for
the previous question was sustained, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb]
not having been received, the question pending
would be first on the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Cocke,] and then on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose and appealed
to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Thompson-]
to withdrawihe demand for the previous question,
until he could have that portion of the Constitution
read which related to the appointment of officers.
Mr. THOMPSON not hearing the request, and
making no reply—
Mr. JONES asked then for the reading of the
clause before the question on seconding the demand
for the previous question was taken. It was read
as follows:
" He [the President] shall nominate, and by arid with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint, amba&>a-
dois, other public ministeis and consuls, judge* ol the Su-
preme Couit, and all other officers of the United States
whose appointments are not herein otherwise provided for,
and which shall bo established bylaw; but the Congress
may by law vest the appointment of such inierior officers as
they think proper in the President alone, in the couits of
law, or in the heads of departments."
The demand for the previous question was not
seconded; the vote being 92 in the affirmative, and
02 in the negative.
Mr. JOXK8, of Tennessee, said he understood
the question was on striking out the appropriation
from the bill. On that he desired to say a few
words. But first, there was in it a proposition
which he thought not only highly objectionable,
but in direct conflict with the Constitution, which
provides that " Congress may by law vest the ap-
pointment of such inferior officers as they think
proper in the President alone, in the courts of law,
or in the heads of departments." Now, this bill
does not propose to vest these appointments in the
President, in a court of law, or in the head of any
department, but in the Commissioner of Pensions.
And why was this provision inserted in this bill?
Why was such a precedent to be set by this Con-
gress? If he was correctly informed, there was
no law on the statute-book authorizing the head
of a bureau to exercise the appointing power.
How, then, was this bill to be reconciled with the
provision of the Constitution to which he had
called the attention of the House? It could only
be by assuming the position that these additional
clerks were not officers of the Government. And
were they not officers of the Government? If they
were not, the ground might be assumed with equal
success that all other clerks in the departments
weie not officers of the Government, and their
appointment might be assumed by the heads of
the various bureaus. Did the fact that these clerks
were to be appointed temporarily change their
character? Were not clerks employed by the day
as much clerks as those appointed for the year?
He took it that temporary clerks were officers
withm the meaning of the Constitution, as much
so as if they were appointed permanently; and he
hoped the House, when it should have disposed
of the amendment now pending, would sustain a
motion to strike out the words giving the appoint-
ments to the Commissioner of Pensions, and vest
the appointments in the Secretary of War. In
making such appointments, he had no doubt the
Secretary of War would confer with the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and he would perhaps appoint
those whom the Commissioner of Pensions should
recommend. He supposed there would be no op-
position to the motion to strike out the appropria-
tion, inasmuch as it would relieve the House from
the difficulty which that provision created, for its
erasure would obviate the necessity of going into
Committee of the Whole upon it. He hoped the
appropriation would be stricken out; and then, if
the previous question were not sprung upon htm,
he would move to strike out "Commissioner of
Pensions," and insert "Secretary of War."
Mr. iVlcKA \ concurred with the views express-
ed by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. J ones.]
A provision to vest these appointments in the heads
of bureaus was certainly m conflict with the Con-
stitution. The general rule was, that appoint-
ments were made by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; but the Consti-
tution authorized Congress to vest the appointment
of inferior officers in the courts of law, or in the
heads of departments, which any one would see,
who would take the trouble to examine this resolu-
tion, was not the object here contemplated. But
he had another reason why he was opposed to its
adoption. This subject of appointing inferior offi-
cers had been under consideration by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who deemed it necessary
to provide some salutary regulation to restrict tins
appointing power and guard it from abuse. The
corps of clerks was numerous, and additions were
now proposed to be made~to them—additions that
were indefinite; and if this were allowed to pass,
there would be no end to the appointments. It
was time there should be a stop put to this system.
Clerks were sometimes appointed that were wholly
incompetent to discharge the duty which they un-
dertook. He did not charge this on the present
Administration any more than others that had
preceded it, for it was chargeable on both Whigs
and Democrats. What the country wants is, that
capable men, faithful men, and men who will do
their duty, shall be placed in office; and to correct
existing evils, the Committee of Ways and Means
have directed one of its number to prepare a bill
to secure efficiency in the clerks of the depart-
ments. Why, he asked, should clerks be appoint-
ed without examination or any test of their quali-
fications? He thought they should first be ap-
pointed on trial, or for a period of probation; and,
as a bill would soon come from the Committee of
Ways and Means to accomplish the objcct which
he had indicated, he hoped this bill would be post-
poned until they could have the whole subject
before them, ana be enabled to make some geneial
regulation. With these views, he would move the
postponement of the bill to this day week.
Mr. COCKE was a little surprised to see the
disposition manifested by gentlemen on the other
side of the House to defeat this bill. It cer-
tainly was a little remarkable that a proposition to
employ some twenty-five clerks by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions should occasion such a flutter-
ing amongst those gentlemen.
The SPEAKER interposed, and reminded the
gentleman that the pending question was on the
motion to postpone to a day certain.
Mr. COCKE said he should not now attempt to
discuss the merits of this bill; but he desired to
notice one fact which had fallen from his colleague
on the other side of the House, [Mr. Johnson, of
Tennessee.] He alluded to the piece of informa-
tion furnished to the House by his colleague, that
the office-holders of this Government spent their
time in billiard saloons, ten-pin alleys, oyster
houses, groggenes, and places of filth and abomi-
nation. He had not been aware of the existence
of such a state of things. He was not a frequenter
of such places, and therefore had no personal
knowledge on the subject; but they had received
the information from his colleague, who must have
visited them, he presumed, or he would not have
acquired that information.
The SPEAKER again interposed, and remind-
ed the gentleman that the pending question was to
postpone to a day certain.
Mr. COCKE resumed, and , in answer to an in-
quiry from Mr. Kennon, said these additional
clerks were now proposed to be appointed with an
implied understanding that Congress would make
provision for their payment of the usual compen-
sation of three dollars per diem. He desired, if it
were in order, to reply to the constitutional argu-
ment of his colleague, and also to the remarks of
some others, that these officers were appointed as
rewards for political partisanship; but, not having
ail opportunity now to do so, he simply expressed
the hope that this bill would not be postponed, but
that it would be passed to-day; and therefore he
moved the previous question.
The call for the previous question was not sec-
onded: the vote being 76 in the affirmative, and 92
in the negative, as taken by Messrs. Brodhead
and Cocke, the tellers.
The question was then taken on the' motion to
postpone to Monday next, and it was decided in
the affirmative,
CLOSING OF DEBATE.
Mr. BOYD submitted a resolution to close de-
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the motion to refer the President's
message to various appropriate committees at three
o'clock this day, unless sooner disposed of.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out all after the
word "resolved," and to insert a substitute, pro-
viding that all debate thereon should close at two
o'clock, p. m., on Wednesday next, at which tune
the committee shall proceed to vote upon all pending
amendments and amendments to be offered.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
