228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
the importance to him of showing that Mexico
commenced hostilities; because if not commenced
by Mexico, then they were commenced by him-
self. Congress did not begin the war; but, on the
contrary, declared the war to exist already on the
11th ot' May, 164G. It was not commenced by
the war-making power of this country; and if not
by Mexico, then it follows, as the night the day,
that it was commenced by the President of the
United States. There is no escape from this con-
clusion, and hence the struggles, constant but in-
effectual, on the part of the President to show that
Mexico was the aggressor. "When they were told
on the 11th of May, 1846, that war existed, Con-
gress, the war-making power, had done nothing
to bring on the war; and, if it was not brought on
by Mexico, no one would doubt that the assump-
tion of the war-making power by the President
was an unconstitutional act.
Here let him for a moment call the attention of
the committee, many of whose members were not
in the last Congress, to the fact, that when this war
was acknowledged by the House of Representa-
tives, almost every member of the Whig pai ty then
in this House voted against the declaration that
the war was commenced by the act of Mexico.
They had been taunted, within a few days past, with
inconsistency of conduct. It had been charged
against them that they had voted in favor of this
war, avowing it to be the act of Mexico in the last
Congress, when now, for party purposes, they
attempt to convince the people that it was the act
of the President. He could not believe that any
one who was present in the last Congress would
bring a charge so entirely unfounded. But if the
Whig party had not at that time justified their po-
sition, they would have much to excuse them in
subsequent events. Could they foresee what has
since taken placer Could they foresee that Mex-
ico was to be invaded in the manner she has been?
Could they have foreseen that in little more than
one year the whole of Mexico would have been
subjugated, and that the war would be carried into
the vital parts of Mexico ? No, by no means. It
was then the general opinion, both here and else-
where, that the war would soon come to ariose.
It was supposed that General Taylor was sur-
rounded by four or live times his own number, and
it was the object here at the time to furnish him
with supplies apd reinforcement;?, and this they
did while protesting against the preamble of the
bill. He (Mr. D.) was not here at the tune the
bill passed. If he had been, he should undoubt-
edly have voted with his political brethren on that
occasion ; for he did riot pretend to possess more
wisdom than they had. He was, however, neces-
sarily absent in Connecticut; but when he heard
how his Whig friends had voted, he perfectly un-
derstood their feelings on that occasion. He re-
peated, that their intention was to furnish supplies
to our army, then surrounded in an enemy's coun-
try and exposed to imminent danger.
And here let him allude to another topic which
was introduced by a gentleman last week. Mr.
D. then quoted from the published debates an ex-
tract, showing that it had been charged on the Whig
party that it was a mere pretext to assert that this
war was brought on by the President without no-
tice being given to Congress. To sustain this ac-
cusation, reference was made to the message of the
President to the first session of the last Congress.
The President, in that message, states that he had,
at the request of the Texan Congress, sent a force
to take a position for its protection; and gentlemen
said that was fair warning to the country, and that
it was absurd to suppose that the country was taken
by surprise. But, sir, look at that message. The
President in that document informed us'that the
acquisition of Texas had been a bloodless achieve-
ment; that the sword had had no pait in the con-
quest. Was that giving us notice of war with
Mexico? He told us further, in the same docu-
ment, that he had appointed an envoy to the Mex-
ican Government, and that he should recommend
no ulterior measures, anticipating, as he did, a
peaceful settlement. Yet the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. ilosiyso.vj proclaimed here that if we
did not take notice fiora that message that war
with Mexico was intended, we were guilty of
culpable neglect in not reading the documents*laid
on our tables. Sir, the danger then was of war
in another quarter, and no man here then appre-
hended war with Mexico. That danger, gentlemen
who were in favor of this war aided to avert. But
to return. The President informed them that he
did not send troops to Texas until he had been
urged to do so by the Congress of Texas. He
said he sent them on the urgent appeals of the
Texan Congressand Texan Convention; and this
j on that ground it was defeated. That was the
state of feeling which prevailed then.
I The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane}
| told them the other day that the constitution of
| the State of Texas was adopted with the boundary
he presumed was of great importance in an argu- !j of the Rio Grande, and that the last Congress ap-
ment to show that the President commenced the j; proved that constitution without crossing a i or
war. But what were the facts ? On the 15th day j' dotting an i. He also asserted that the last Con-
of June, they would find, by an examination of'! gress admitted Texas as a State of this Union,
the documents in the Library of Congress, Mr. with a constitution extending her boundary to the
Bancroft, then acting as Secretary of War, wrote j; Rio Grande. If this were true, there would be
to General Taylor, informing him that his ultimate |f some force in the argument founded on the asser-
destination was the banks of the Rio Grande. He j! tton. But the gentleman was mistaken in the fact,
had, in the month of March previous, directed ! I admit, sir, that the last Congress, in admitting
General Taylor to take a position at the mouth of Texas as a State, did proceed with indecent haste;
the Sabine, so as to enable him thereafter to march : but the vortex into which we rushed was not so
to the frontier. On the 16th, one day after these ; dark and deep as the gentleman supposes. The
orders were given, theTexan Congress met. How, i; constitution of the State of Texas contained a
then, could it be on the appeal of the Texan Con-
gress that these movements were made? And
when did theTexan Convention pass any resolu-
tion on that subject? If any such resolution was
passed, it must have been subsequent to the date
of the order of which he had spoken. No such
resolution was passed before the 8th of July, long
after the order was given to General Taylor to
proceed to Corpus Chnsti; and yet the President
told them and the country that the order was is-
sued on the appeal of the Texan Congress. He
did not say that the President intended to deceive
them; but lie did say that the statement of the
President was unfounded in fact, and that the doc-
uments presented to Congress show it to be so.
The President, m the various defences which
he has presented to this House and to the country
for the war in which we are engaged, makes it also
ail important question whether the title to the soil
where the first blood was shed was American or
Mexican soil. The President claims it to be
American soil. He says that on the day on which
hostilities! were first commenced, the ground on
which the first conflict took place was part and
parcel of the soil of American territory. That
was a proposition which he (Mr. D.) intended
to dispute. And heie lei him-say, while they
were discussing the question of the commence-
ment of the war, it was of no consequence what
our previous causes of complaint against Mex-
ico might be. If wc had cause of war, it was
sufficient for them to know that the war-making
power had not commenced war for the causes
then existing. He did not deny that we had ,
cause of war; but the question which he was ,
discussing was, who commenced the war, and not 1
whethtr we had cause of war; for he repeated, .
if we had cause of war, the war-making power j
had not commenced war for those causes. He did j
not even undertake now to say that we had the i
right to commence hostilities for the grievances of !
which we had complained. If he had been called !
upon to vote on the question of war for those '
causes, lie should have voted against it. He did 1
not think all the means had been exhausted for '
the adiustment of the difficulties which had exist- |
ed, and therefore he should not have given a vote !
to authoiize the President to adoot the last resort :
of nations. But if they admitted that thev had
sufficient causcof war, that did not help the Prcsi- '
dent, because, as he had said, the war was not '
commenced for them. The President was not the 1
war-making power.
•proviso that all the laws of Texas not inconsistent
with the annexation resolutions should lemain in
force. What laws of Texas were inconsistent
with those resolutions, except that extending the
boundary to the Rio Grande? Point out to me
a single law of Texas thus inconsistent. Noy
sir; the Jaw thus excepted was that settling the
boundary of Texas. Why, previously they had
abandoned ah claim to the Rio Grande. He
had before him a letter from M^. Andrew Jack-
son Donelson, our charge to- Texas, in which
he writes to this Government that Texas had
abandoned that claim. They did not mean to
fight for it; and surely what she was unwilling to
contend for, it was unnecessary for this country to
fight for. Texas had abandoned all claim to the
Rio Grande; and when she came into this Union,
she came with the express understanding, both on
her pat t and ouis, that the settlement of the bound-
ary question was one which the General Govern-
ment must undertake, and that it was not for
Texas, much less the President of the United
States himself, to undertake to settle it.
We tookTexas with an uncertain western bound-
ary; we took her with a line yet unsettled. All
the-question of boundary was left to negotiation:
ail was " as broad and general as the casing air."
And there was far more cause for such negotiation
m the ease of Texas than™ the case of Oregon.
Had the President pursued the same course with
Oregon that he has done with Texas, if he had
marched an army to the line he claimed instead of
leaving the question to be settled by the proper
department of the Go\ eminent, would any of those
who now advocate his course have then a'tempted
to defend it? Could any man m that case have
pretended that he did right? No. He took no
such course; he left that boundary question just
where he should have left this.
But it is said that negotiation had been tiied and
had failed; that the President did everything in his
power to settle the question by negotiation, and
that it was not till all those efforts faded lie resorted
to extreme means. Now, I say it was not for htm
to judge when ** extreme means" should be re-
sorted to, and what they should be. That was a
question for Congress and Congress alone. But
the President telis us that the march of our army
to the Rio Grande did not take place until after the
mission of Mr. Slidell had been rejected by Mexi-
co. The President had a meaning in using these
words. They have been carefully selected. He
says the march of the troops did not take place nil
Well, Texas was annexed to this Union, and ii the 11th of March. Yes; but when was the ovdrr
the members of this House knew well that the an- for the march given? On the 13th of January. At
nexation resolutions could not have passed if it h=id ' ' ' '  
not been understood that the boundary question
was to be left open. And how was it passed
through the other House of Congress ? It was by
the adoption of another resolution which it was
thought would have been preferred; but the late
incumbent of the Presidency, at the last hour of his
administration, made his choiec of resolutions, and
went on to consummate annexation, being, how-
ever, himself thereby bound to settle the question
of boundary by negotiation. Here, then, was the
that time he had no knowledge that Mr. Slidell had
been rejected. Instead of having the least reason at
that time to think he would not be received, there
is no proof that he had even received the fust letter
from our consul, Mr. Black. On the 97th of De-
cember, Mr. Slidell wrote to Mr. Buchanan, en-
closing him thofitst refusal (which was not final,
however) by the Mexican Government to "receive
him ; and Mr. Buchanan's letter to him of the 25th
of Januaiy says that he had received Mr. Slidell's
: letter on the 20th of the same month, (and it so
first link in his chain of proof that the boundary l| happens that tins is the oniy letter which refers to
Mms? on n A   i . > -i , /> i ~ i i > * .t
was an unsettled question. Again: it must be re
collected that a treaty had been prepared and pre- ,
sented to the other House of Congress for the '
annexation of Texas, but it was defeated, for the ■
solo end only reason, or at least as a principal '
leason, that the boundary question was settled in
that treaty piecisely as the President has now
taken on himself to settle it. It was objected to it
ll   t* fr >A  L « .1 - -.1 _*   ' i.
the date of the icccipt of any of Mr. Slidell's de-
spatches.) Yet thepiesident had ordered the march
of General Taylor on tiie seven days before
he eol the first intimation of any rejection of our
minister. Vet lie tells us that the army had not
inarched t.ll after the ir-jection. Did he intend to
deceive us? Could this have been intended to pro-
duce a false impression ? [A voice: Yes, to be sure
that it embraced a vast region of Mexican soil, and 11 it was. Other voices: It was a downright lie—a
