1848,
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
perpendicular lie on the part of the President.]
Whatever I may think, I cannot use that language.
I choose to prove it such. But certain it is that he
ordered the army to advance long before lie heard
that our minister was rejected. The-order was
issued on thte fatal 13th of January, and the giving
such an order under the circumstances was an act
of usurpation on his part that renders him liable
to impeachment.
Mr. HfcifciTT here interposed with a question
as to dates.
Mr. D. replied, that he had been very careful in
what lie had stated. There was no evidence that
the President had received the slightest hint from
Mr. Slidell of his first rejection ull seven or eight
days after the order to march was given. Nor was
this first act of rejection final, for Mr. Slidell tells
'Mr. Buchanan tliat it is still his opinion that he
shall be received. And instead of putting the order
for the march on the ground of the rejection, Mr.
Buchanan, on the 25th of January, li$46, says to
Mr. Slidell: uThe President, anticipation of
your probable rejection,ordered the aimyto march
to a position on the llto Grande." Yet, in the
message the President lays stress on the fact that
the march did not take place till after the rejection.
His Secretary says he gave the order "in antici-
pation" of the rejection. When the letter giving
an account of it was received, the President had
reason to believe that our Minister would still be
received. Mr. Slidell tells him that 1ns own recep-
tion would depend on the President's settlement of
the Oregon question : if he should settle that ques-
tion peaceably, he would be received-, but if he
went to war with Great Britain, he would not.
Now, the Picsident knew at that time just as well
as he did afterwards, that he did not mean to have
a war with England. He very well know in his
own conscience that he would "back out,"as the
illustrious gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] had predicted on that floor that he would
do. He had no intention of fighting Great Britain.
(If I am not mistaken, that is not the sort of fight
the President is fond of.) He very well knew that
he would abandon all to which he said " our right
was clear and unquestionable," and that then he
would turn on a wea& neighbor, and make up by
taking from her for what he had given away to a
strong one. The truth is, the President thought
he might take any course with Mexico that he
pleased, and thus might save alittle of that perish-
able article called u glory." The gentlemen on the
other side fell, therefore, into a great mistake when
they said that the President did not proceed to ex-
treme measures till alt negotiation was at an end.
AH negotiation was riot at an end. On the contrui y,
the final rejection itself of Mr. Slidell was put by
Mexico, in part, on the very fact that our troops
had made an advance into territory she claimed as
her ohn.
And now I comc to the question of title. Ad-
mitting all the President says to be true as to the
march to the Rio Grande, I ask, was the left bank
of that river a part of the United States? Was
the soil on which the first blood was shed "Amer-
ican soil ?" Even if it had been, the President had
no right to take such a course as he did; but was
it oars or not ? And here f am fully aware that [
am treading on dangerous ground. I know full
well, that if a man says he does not believe the
region on this side of the Rio Grande is American
sod, he will instantly be denounced as a traitor.
I have no fear of such denunciations. None at
all. I am quite willing to be called a traitor, if
that is treachery. At least I find myself in excel-
lent company—with some who once had very high
standing. They were told, thut because they
doubted our right to the countiy along the left
bank of the river, and expressed that doubt, they
were "giving aid and comfort to the enemy."
The President, however, is remarkably silent on
that point in his last message. We hear not a
note on that string. And why? Because he is
stung to the quick by the consciousness that he
has given the enemy far greater "aid and com-
fort" himself. He ordered Mr, Bancroft to ask
that the British captain who introduced Paredes
into Vera Cruz shall be dischaiged from the ser-
vice. By a late arrival we learn that he was so
discharged. If bringing in Paredes was good
reason why a British captain should be dismissed
from office, why is not the bringing in of Santa
Anna equally good reason why an American Pres-
ident should" be found worthy of the same con-
demnation > 1 call on the American people to dis-
charge the President from office for admitting San-
ta Anna, as he demanded the discharge of the
British officer who admitted Paredes. When I
say that I am denounced in very good company,
I allude to gentlemen of high standing, public men,
eminent men, not of the Whig party. The first I
shall name, is a gentleman whoni I shall mention
with the utmost respect. I mean the former chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
C. J. Ingersoll]—a gentleman whose opinions
come with great weight—whose opinion on any
question is entitled to very great consideration.
The opinions expressed on this floor by that gen-
tleman, occupying that official situation in the
House, are matters of history; they may be called
a partofthe "res ze$L&y" and,as he was presumed
to present our extreme claims, are evidence against
us. They were given in the strong and peculiar
language which that gentleman is accustomcd to
employ, and which is always striking, powerful,
full of meaninsr, and highly attractive to the mem-
bers of this House. The part of the speech I
allude to will be recollected in a moment by every
gentleman who heard it, and by many who did
not, but have seen it in print. It was as follows:
"The territorial limits are marked in the configuration of
this continent by an Almighty hand. The PJatte, the Ar-
kansas, the Tied, and the Mississippi rivers, without count-
ins great though minor streams in that vast teiraqueous
region o' cotton, sugar, lead, and other miglitv >taples, which
have, in a tew years*, kept pace with steam tt*clf in marvel-
ouv development—tho<u5 livers are naturally our wateis,
with their estuaues in the bay of Mexico.
"The stupendous desert* between th" Nueces and the
Rravo liver-* are the natuial bnundarie- bcrweni titf Ansjlo-
Savon and the jVT.-uuitanian race* Tticie fin that de eit]
end*: the vallevof the West. There Mexico begin-.. Thence,
beyond the Bravo, begin the Moorish people and their In-
dian associates, to whom Mexico propeily holor.jjs, who
should not cm?-« fwh.U ? the Bravo ? no; but] that vast
dfskkt Tbetween the Nueces and Bravo] if they could, as
on oui '•ode we too ought to stop there, bccaii.^ intermina-
ble eonlliol.^ mil -t pn-nuj either on out gomc« south or their
coming north of th.it gigantic boundary. While peace is
elipiished, that boundary will be sacied. lYottill the spirit
ofconquest r<i«e- will the people on either tide inole-t or
mix: with ?aoh other; and whenever they do. one or the
othei lace mu«;t bo conquered, if not extinguished." v *
"To Mexico we offer explanation for our incorporation
of Texa*—explanation which she will be satisfied with, f
shall refrain from argument—from arguing the extent of
that explanation. Although the public correspondence be-
tween the two Noith American l ©publics has become
angry, I am happy to be authorized to assme this House
that those br^st acquainted with the true state of things ap-
prehend little or no danger of war. The main wnew of
war (money) will heal the breach and end the. controversy
amicably. It affords me great satisfaction to state that hos-
tilities arc not probable with Mexico."
He thus told us that there existed between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande <c stupendous des-
erts," which formed a natural boundary between
the Anelo-Saxon and the Maurifanian laces; and
that whichever of them should crovs (not the llio
Grande, but) that desert, would either conquer or
be conquered by the other. That peace was safe
so Ions: as that desert was not crossed, and that it
never would be until the spirit of conquest was
raging in one nation or in the other. The gentle-
man seems to have been inspired: he must have
had the spirit of prophecy; while thus treating of
contingencies yet future, he was in reality writing
histoiy, and facts have justified every word he
uttered. True, he told us that monoy would settle
the question. There was no danger of bloodshed—
money, money would do everything. But he did
not know, he could not anticipate, the utter mad-
ness and folly which would rule the hour. The
gentleman doubtless would have settled the ques-
tion; so would any man in his senses. But our
President first gets us into a fight, and then asks
for money to settle the question.
But this honorable gentleman is not the only
traitor. There is another, not less distinguished
than he. Probably gentlemen anticipate me when
I say that I have reference to an eminent Senator
from Missouri. No one will contradict me when
1 affirm that there exists not in all the countiy a
man better or so well acquainted with the entire
question of the Texan boundary. He has made
it his study. He wrote upon it (as he is rather j
fond of telling the Senate) more than twenty years ;
ago, under the signature of La Salle. What does 1
he say > His language js so strong, that, had I !
used anything like it, I should have been branded
as a traitor of the deepest dye. I quote his language, i
We all remember it. He declares that the tern- •
tory on the left bank of the Rio Grande, where j
the President sent our army, is not "American i
soil"—it is Mexican soil. It is not ours; it is '
hers. He affirms that the true boundary lies not
in the river, but in the desert, "the stupendous
desert," between the Rio Grande and theNueces,
and was along the heights which divide the itrbu-
tary sreams running into the two rivers. He in-
tioduced a bill to the following effect:
Extract Jrorn Mr. Benton*4 bill to provide for the annexation
oj 7*t>xn$ to the United States. -
" 1. The boundary of the annexed territory to be in the
desert prairie west of the Nueces, and along the highlands
and mountain heights which divide the waters of the Mis-
sissippi from the waters ot Rio Bravo del Norte, and to lati-
tude 42° north."
And are we now to be told that what was once
| Democratic truth is nowa Whig lie? Because the
! President usurped our power to take possession of
! that portion of territory, must we therefore say
| that it is American soil ?
I But my witnesses end not here. I have more,
, and not less distinguished. The Hon. Silas Wright
| —the late lamented Senator from New York—in
giving the reasons to his own constituents why he
voted against the treaty of annexation, stated as
one principal one that the Texas to be annexed
overran the Mexican soil. Now, will gentlemen
tell us that Silas Wright was ignorant of the ques-
tion? That he did not understand the subject?
Or will they take the other horn, and say he was
a traitor, and belied his knowledge of the truth?
Are wc not safe in following such an authority?
But I have yet further witnesses. 1 have one
that these gentlemen will hardly venture to accuse
either of ignorance or treachcry. It is the honor-
able Secretary of War himself. Mr. Secretary
Marry has given us another proof that the east
bank of the Rio Grande was not<s American soil."
He states in his letter to General Taylor that there
were certain military posts on the east bank of the
Rio Grande, which were m possession of the Mex-
icans, aad which were not to be disturbed. Not
to be disturbed? Why not? Military posts in
possession of a foreign nation upon American soil!
And they must not be disturbed i Who ever heard
of such an absurdity? These Mexicans are spo-
ken of somewhere in the documents as having been
there so long as to have contracted " usages.'1
They had held these posts so long that it was their
"usage" to consider them as their own; and so
foreign military posts on American soil were not
to be disturbed. (Anthony Wayne received orders
of a different tenure.) Were the Mexicans, then,
invaders when they occupied these positions on this
side of the river ? They had been there so long as
to have settled u usages," and yet when blood was
shed there, it was shed upon "American soil."
I have more testimony. What did General
Taylor write to tins same Secretary? I_le tells him
that at Point Isabel the Mexicans fired their cus-
tom-house and other buildings, and that he con-
sidered this as an " act of hostility." lagreewith
him: it was unquestionably an act of hostility.
Was it not an act of hostility when the Russians
fired Moscow on the approach of Bonaparte?
Surely: who ever thought it otherwise* And why-
was not the same thing an act of hostility at Roint
Isabel? Yet we are told by the President that all
the soil was ours. Mexicans, Mexican military-
posts were on it, and had long been there ; yet it
was " American soil," and when Mexican troops
came there it was invasion, and justified the war.
But I go still further. In ld36, General Jackson
sent a messenger, Mr. Morfit, of this city, (it is so
long ago now that I suppose the gentleman and
his very name are forgotten, but President Jackson
mentions it in his message ;) and this agent, sent
to examine everything relating to the boundary,
makes to the Piesidenthis official report. In that
document, he says that the Nueces was the bound-
ary before the last revolution. The country was
afterwards claimed by Texas up to the Rio Grande,
up that river to latitude thirty degrees, and thence
due west to the Pacific. It was their intention to
insist on this, on all this, as part of Texas; but,
on further consideration, he says, they found it
would be inconvenient to go to the Pacific. But
suppose they had persisted in that claim. Suppose
they had claimed across to the Pacific, would the
President have been justified in sending a fleet
round by sea and taking San Francisco by ^ay of
protecting Texas? Yet he mightwith justas much
justice have done this as order our troops to tne
'Rio Grande. The Texan convention, Mr. Morfit
says, contained representatives from ati lexas,
and « from San Patricio, on the&"ueces, the extreme
western boundary, to the Sabine. It has, to be
