1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
from Missouri, who might be expected in his seat
to-morrow, should be present.
Mr. MILLER hoped there would be no further
postponement. The resolution had been already
too long postponed, and it was desirable that no
further delay should take place. He had been
given to understand that the Senator from Missouri
did not desire the resolution to be delayed on his
account.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and was read a third time, and passed.
A-message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating the information
called for by Mr. Dayton's resolution of the-13th
instant, relative to forced contributions" in Mex-
ico.
PUBLIC DOMAIN IN MEXICO.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Baldwin, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any information he :
may possess in regard to tlie extent and value of tlic public
domain (it any) belonging to the Republic of Mexico; and
also in reg.ird to the power of that Republic, under the fun-
damental lawtheieof, to ccde to any foreign Government,
whether monarchical oi lepublican, the soveiei^aty and
dominion ovei any of the members of that Confederacy, or
the people thereof.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked for a second reading
of the resolution; and after it had been read, re-
marked, that before the vote of the Senate was
taken on the resolution, he should desire to have
some explanation of it offered by the mover.
Mr. BALDWIN. X will state, Mr. President,
in a few words, the object which I have in view
in moving that resolution. The President of the
United States, in his message at the opening of
the session, has informed Congress that the Repub-
lic of Mexico has no means of indemnifying us for
the claims of our citizens except by a cession of
her territory or a portion thereof. He has also
stated in his message, that it must have been the
intention of Congress m their act of the last session,
and particularly m the appropriation of three mil-
lions, with a view to negotiate with the Govern-
ment of Mexico, to acquire a cession of territory
from the Republic; and to acquire probably the ces-
sion of territory of greater value than the amount
of the claims which might be due to our citizens.
Now, sir, the object of the first part of the resolu-
tion is to inquire whether the President possesses
any information, and if so, to request him to com-
municate it to the'Senate, in regard to the extent
and value of the public domain of Mexico, which
it is in tiie power of that Government to cede to the
United States—whether Mexico has any public
domain whatever—whether she has any land,any
means, any available property which may be con-
verted into the means of paying the United States
claimants; or whether the President, in his recom-
mendation to pursue the war for the purpose of
acquiring territory, has in view simply the acqui-
sition of dominion over the people, or any part of
the Mexican Republic. And, sir, if the latter be
the object—if Mexico has no public domain—if we
are not seeking the acquisition of property as such,
but are seeking simply for the acquisition of do-
minion, then, sir, the object of the second part of
the resolution is to inquire of the President whether
he possesses any information, and if so, to request
him to communicate the information to the Senate,
in reference to the power of the Mexican Republic
to cede, either to the Government of the United
States, or to any foreign Government, either of the
States of that Confederacy, the sovereignty of either
of the States of that Confederacy, or any portion of
the people thereof.
I ask this information, sir, to enable me to act
intelligently, and to enable the Senate to act intel-
ligently, not only upon the recommendation of the
President, but upon the resolutions which are now
pending before the Senate—the resolutions offered
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,]
asserting the right of the United States to acquire
the dominion, and the possibility that it may be-
come necessary to acquire the dominion, over the
Republic of Mexico. I ask it for the purpose of
enabling me to act intelligently upon those resolu-
tions. I ask it also in reference to the resolutions
of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,]
asserting that it is the true policy of the Govern-
ment of the United States to strengthen its com-
mercial relations and its political relations; also,
the annexation of contiguous territory, wherever
it may be justly acquired. I wish to know, also,
whether Mexico has the -power of ceding to the
United States any portion of the sovereignty over
any of the members of that Republic—whether
we can lawfully and justly acquire the sovereignty,
either by demanding a treaty of cession or in any
other way. For it must be known to the members
of the Senate, that when Mexico was an empire,
under the government of Iturbide, he was required
to take an oath, on entering upon the administra-
tion of the Government, that he never would ccde
or alienate any portion of its territory. We all
know, that when the Government was overthrown,
and a confederated republic was established in its
room, by the union, for that purpose, of the nine-
teen States composing the Republic of Mexico,
that union was based upon the same principles
upon which our Government is founded, the Con-
stitution of the United States having been adopted
as the model of that of the Mexican Republic.
And, sir, need I ask whether any authority could
be derived from a constitution modelled after our
own for the ^cession to a foreign Government of
any portion of the sovereignty over any of the
territories of States composing that Republic?
Does any citizen of the United States suppose
that it would be competent for this Government
to cede, in payment of the claims of a foreign
Government against us, any one of the States of
this Union ? Did the State of Maine, or the State
of Massachusetts, hold to any such doctrine, when
the northeastern boundary question was in agita-
tion before the country? Did the Government of
the United States suppose that they could, for the
purpose of settling that great national controversy,
cede to Great Britain any portion of the State of
Maine, without the assent of that State first ob-
tained ? If, then, these are the doctrines of this
Republic, I wish to know whether, when the
President of the United States recommends to
Congress to obtain a cession of territory from the
Mexican Republic, and to pursue this war into
u the very vitals of that Republic," until thereby
such cession is obtained—I wish to know whether
the Mexican Republic has the right to make this
cession, before I can decide intelligently the ques-
tion whether this Republic can in honor make the
demand of Mexico. I wish first to know whether
Mexico 1ms the power to comply with that demand
consistently with the fundamental principle upon
which that Government is based. We all know,
that by the general principles of the law of nations,
it is not competent for a Government to dismem-
ber itself by the cession of the sovereignty over
any portion of its people to a foreign Power; and
that if it attempts, for the promotion of its own in-
terests, to make such a cession, it is optional, by
the law of nations, with that member oi' the Gov-
ernment which it is attempted to cede away to a
foreign jurisdiction, to assent to such a cession and
yield obedience, or not, as it may be able to sustain
a position independently or not. But, sir, who are
the parties in the present case? What are the
principles upon which our Government is based,
and upon which the Mexican Republic is based by
its constitution, modelled after our own ?—and to
what result do the considerations deducible from
these institutions lead us, other than I have stated,
unless there be in the possession of the President
information which he may have it in his power to
communicate to the Senate which would change
the result? Our Government is based, sir, as we
all know, upon that great declaration,'that the right
of sovereignty is inalienably in the people. The
Mexican Government was, as I have remarked,
based upon the same principle; and are we, who
sent forth this declaration of popular right—a dec-
laration at war with the then existing institutions
of the world, and utterly at variance with the great
dogma upon which they were based, of the divine
right of kings to govern and the duty of the peo-
ple to obey,—are we, I ask, who claim to have dis-
covered and promulgated for the first time the in-
alienable right of sovereignty in the people, now
about to ^ask of a sister Republic that she shall
transfer to another Government a portion of her
people, loyal to their own Government and desir-
ous of remaining under its protection? The object
of my resolution is to seek for such information ns
the President may possess, other than that which
wc can derive only from our knowledge of the in-
stitutions of these two Republics, which will en-
able us to judge of the propriety of demanding and
endeavoring by force of arms to compel that Re-
public to make a cession of a part of itself, with a
portion of its people, thereby transferring them as
property to be governed by the people of the Uni-
ted States.
The United States, it is true, sir, have heretofore
acquired territory by the cession of other Govern-
ments. But in what circumstances have these
acquisitions been made? In the first place, the
United States, claiming the proprietorship of all
the territories included within the original juris-
diction of the States which had extensive domains,
held that, inasmuch as those territorial domains
had been acquired by the common efforts of the
Confederacy, the jurisdiction should be ceded to
the Government of the United States, under certain
conditions; and after a long struggle a compromise
was made, by which the United States^ acquired
the territory and jurisdiction which they claimed,
and which had been also claimed by the ceding
States. That was the first instance, if such it can
be called, of an acquisition by the Government tn
the United States of that which they claimed to be
already their own, by the cession of the States with-
in whose original territorial limits the domain was
included. The next instance, was the cession of
Louisiana by France. But that was the cession
of a distant colony, claimed by^a monarchical
Government in the Old World. We stood in that
case upon an entirely different principle from that
now assumed in seeking a cession of territory by
a sister Republic on our own continent. Then
came the cession of the Floridas—a cession made
under similar circumstances to that of Louisiana,
the territory being but an appendage to a mon-
archy of the Old World. Next we have the
cession of Texas. That was a cession made by
the people themselves, who claimed to have estab-
lished an independent Government—who claimed
to possess the sovereignty of the territory which
they undertook to transfer and annex to theUnion.
They yielded up voluntarily, in convention, by the
unanimous consent of the people, the sovereignty
which they felt they were, of themselves, unable
to maintain.
But, sir, we are now called upon for the first
time, by the President of the United States, to enter
upon the career of conquest—to seek the acquisi-
tion of territory by a forced cession from a sister
Republic, of territory now under the dominion or
the people of another Government. We now seek
to transfer that people to our Government, and to
transfer them, as an appendage to this Republic—
or a "territorial appendage," in the language of
the resolution—and perhaps that may be inferred
to be the object of the recommendation contained
in the message of the President. Bat I can hardly
suppose, that it is now seriously intended by any
one to incorporate that domain as an integral part
of the United States—to invite them to come in
and participate m the government of this Republic.
If incorporated at all, we are asked to incorporate
them as a " territorial appendage" to this Govern-
ment. Now, the object of the resolution, whichl
have had the honor to submit, is to ascertain from
tne President of the United States, whether he
possesses any information which he can commu-
nicate to the Senate, showing that suqh a cession
can be made of the Republic of Mexico, in con-
sistency with the fundamental law of the Repub-
lic?
Mr. HANNEGAN. So far as the first branch
of the resolution of the Senator from Connecticut
is concerned, I do not know, sir, that I have any
objection to offer. But I presume the answer
to it would necessarily be, that the President has
no information upon the subject. It amounts to
nothing. I pass, then, to the second branch of
the resolution. The Senator, in the course of his
remarks, thought proper to refer to certain resolu-
! tions which I had the honor to submit to the Sen-
ate a short time since. I was not in the Senate on
Thursday last, at the moment when the Senator
introduced his resolution, and I knew nothing of
its introduction, or of its import, till I heard it read
this morning at the Secretary Ss desk. With re-
gard to my own resolutions, I do not feel myself
called upon to say anything on them now; but
with reference to the second branch of the resolu-
tion offered by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, I must make a few remarks. I object to
that part of the resolution on several grounds.
And, in the first place, I remark, that that informa-
tion which it calls upon the President to commu-
nicate to us is presumed to be as fully in the pos-
session of the members of this body as it can be in
