1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
an extract from a well-known writer on interna-
tional law which applies to this subject:
nation ought to preserve itself; it oupht to preserve
811 its membersit cannotabandon them ; and it is under an
obligation to them of maintaining them in the lank of mem-
bers of the nation. It has not, then, a right to traffic with
their rank and liberty on account of any advantages it may
promise itself from such a negotiation. They are united to
the society, to be its membeis; they acknowledge the au-
thority of the State to promote in concert their common
welfare and safety, and not to bi* at its disposal like a farm
or h herd ofcattle. —Vaftcl,B, 1, ch. 21.
This is the basis upon which that Confederacy
was formed. The States of which it was com-
posed united themselves with the Confederacy
forming the Republic of Mexico, for the purpose of
being protected and governed by it, not for the
purpose of being transferred, like cattle, to another
government for the discharge of the debts of the
Republic. The doctrine that these States supposed
that they, might be dismembered and ceded away
by the Federal Government is equally at war with
the principles of our own Government and those
of the Government of Mexico,
But, says the Senator from Indiana, Mexico is
not a republic—she is an anarchy. ^ as^j
when did she cease to be a republic? When the
United States declared war against her—when tne
act of Congress, May 13th, 1846, was passed, it
was declared that " by the act of the Republic of
Mexico a state of war existed between that Re-
public and the United States." We therefore re-
cognized Mexico as a republic at that period.
When did she, then, cease to be a republic? If
she has ceased to be a republic, it is owing to the
conquests of our arms. But I trust that that con-
clusion is not yet scr complete that Mexico has
ceased to be one of the nations of the earth. X
trust that the time never will arrive in which Mex-
ico shall cease to be an independent republic, main-
taining and cherishing the great principles upon
which our own Government is based, and«under
which we have enjoyed, for so many years, such
a remarkable degree of prosperity.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I shall detain the Senate
but an instant, and beg the indulgence of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, who has the floor on the
speeial order. As to the position now assumed by
the Senator from Connecticut, that if Mexico has
the right to cede her territory to us for any pur-
pose, she has the right at the same time to cede it
to European monarchies, I have only to say that
it involves a far higher principle than has yet
entered into this discussion—-a principle which 1
piesume never will be settled, until the hour shall
arrive, when the attempt shall he made by any
European Power to establish a government upon
this continent, out of any existing government, it
involves a far higher principle than any involved
even in this war. It will be time enough to dis-
cuss it, when the day arrives, which brings it up
before us. The Senator asks, if Mexico has ceased
to be a republic—by whose act has she lost that
character? He asks, if we have not gone there
with the sword and firebrand, pulling down her
altars, and in lieu of an established government,
giving ihc land to wild anarchy. I refer the Sen-
ator to history, for a reply to these questions. I
refer him to the histoi y of Mexico, from the down-
fall of Iturbide to the present hour, for the proof
of her having been an anarchy. Her history is
made up of a continued scries of bloody lcvolu-
tions, in which might and the sword have alone
been regarded. She has no fundamental govern-
ment or fundamental law that has ever been recog-
nized. Santa Anna, and Bustamente,and Paredcs—
one military usurper after another, has by his arbi-
trary will constituted her fundamental law, and we,
instead of being her despoilers, have gone to her,
as it were, to scatter the manna of heaven. Texas
wrested herself from the clutches of that anarchi-
cal Government, and see what she is to-day—a
government of civilization, law, and Christianity.
Similar will be the result, I doubt not, with regard
to all the territory that we may take from Mexico,
if we take any. I do not know that we shall be
able to take any; but so far as the subject-matter of
these re&outions is conccrncd, I must contend that
they are improperly before the Senate at this time;
that however germane they may become hereaf-
ter, (and certainly I think they never can he,)
they are not now. When we have a treaty with
Mexico which includes within its terms the cession
of territory by Mexico to the United States, then
will be the proper time, if ever, for the Senator
from Connecticut to present his resolutions. En-
tertaining these views, in which I have been
strengthened by the reflection which I have given
the subject during the delivery of the honorable
Senator's remarks, and with the most profound
respect to the Senator, I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. BALDWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and being
taken, the result was as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Bradbury, Breese, Bught, Cameron, Cass, Davis ol Mis-
sissippi, Dickinson, Dix, Douslas, Downs, -Fetch, foote,
Hannegan, Houston, Hunter, Lewis, Mason, Moor, Sevjer,
Sturgeon,Turney, Westeott, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Beirien, Butler,
Clarke, Clayton, Corwin,Crittenden, Dayton, Gre. ne. John-
son of Maryland, Johnson of Lotusiana, Mangnm, Miller,
Niles, Peatee, Phelps. Spruance, Underwood, Uphain, and
Webstei --22.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Campbell, their ■
Clerk: 1
Mr. President: The House of Representatives
have passed an act for the relief of Phmeas Capen,
legal administrator of John Cox, deceased, of
Boston; in which I am directed to ask the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives
has signed an enrolled bill, which I am directed to
deliver to the Senate for the signature of its Presi-
dent.
The Vice President signed the enrolled bill
authorizing the issuing of a register to the barque
Sarah and Eliza.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives, severally had a first reading : <
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to re- j
organize the General Land Office," approved July ,
4, 1836. , ;
An act for the relief of Phineas Capen, legal ad-
ministrator of John Cox, deceased, of Boston.
MR. HANNEGAN'S RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order of
the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
Older of the day is the resolutions submitted on
the 10th yistant by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HANNEGAN. When I introduced these
resolutions to the Senate, I named thisday for their
discussion, as a distant day, not anticipating that
the debate on the military bill would be protracted
so long. It is now obvious, I think, that that de-
bate w111 not be closed m two weeks, and I there-
fore pioposc, if the Senate will allow me, to post-
pone the consideration of my regulations till the
second Monday in Febi uary, and ask that they bo
made the special order for that day.
The resolutions were accordingly postponed to,
and made the special order for the second Monday
in February.
THE TEN-TIEGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the indulgence of the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island whilst I
make some explanation of a statement made in the
course of my remarks the other day, relative to the
march of General Taylor fiom Corpus ChristUo
the Rio Grande. On that occasion, my distin-
guished friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] from
the kindest motives, diverted my attention in some
measure by reference to facts upon which I intend-
ed to have founded a somewhat more elaborate
argument than I presented to the Senate. Since
that time, I have found that it would be but just to
myself that I should advert again to the subject,
especially as 1 have reason to believe that both
my friend and myself labored under some degree
of misapprehension with regard to the leal state of
the facts. I have had an opportunity of receiving
fiom several officers of the army a very minute
detail of all the facts connected with the transac-
tion to which I have referred. General Taylor re-
ceived his orders to move from Corpus Christi in the
month of January. These orders were published
to the army; they were known to the traders be-
tween Corpus Christi and the Rio Grande; and, as
my informantgives me to understand, it was noto-
rious m Matarnoros, before General Taylor moved
at all, that he intended to take up a position upon
the Rio Grande. On the 11th of March, the army
was set in motion j on the22d or 23d of that month,
it reached the Little Colorado, one hundred and ten
miles from Corpus Christi, and only forty miles
from Point Isabel. At the Colorado, General Tay-
lor heard the sound of a bugle beyond the western
bank. There was some parley, and Major Mans-
field was despatched to the other side of the river,
to learn the .cause of the bugle being sounded.
The Major was informed by a person at the head
of a very small party, \Vho represented himself to
be the Adjutant General of the Mexican troops,
but who was, as i understand, an apothecary from
Matarnoros, commanding eight or ten men, and
who had, no doubt, sounded the bugle very mag-
nificently, and went home loudly proclaiming that
he had driven back General Taylor, that Jiis object
was not at all to oppose military resistance to the
march of General Taylor, but only to warn him
against crossing that river, as, if he did cross it,
{ it would be deemed an open actof hostility. Well,
General Taylor continued his march, and as he
approached Point Isabel, the custom-house and
other public buildings were consumed by fire, and
a settlement of about fifty inhabitants was broken
up; from which time the American forces occupied
the country from Point Isabel to Fort Biown, op-
posite Matarnoros. Well, now, the inference which
I intended to draw, and which I shall not now take
the liberty of drawing in anything like an argu-
ment, was simply this: that General Taylor had
given notice of his march under orders of his Gov-
ernment; that there was no declaration of hostili-
ties on the part of Mexico at all, until that march
commenced; and that, in my solemn conviction,
theic never would have been any attack on the
forces at Corpus Christi, had not General Tayloi,
under the order of the President of the United
States, £onc on the disputed territory.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I thank the hon-
orable Senator for the very kind and complimentary
language which he has employed in reference to
myself. I cannot, however, agree with any one
of the references which he has drawn. 1 have
nothing to say as to minute details winch he has
given with respect to distances and so on, the only
vital question being who acted first—who gave the
first order? That order came from Mexico—not
to fight with General Taylor for the country be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande, but to in-
vade and reconquer the State of Texas. That or-
der first emanated at the seat of government in
Mexico before any order was issued from the seat
of government in the United States. And now,
sir, as to the time at which the Mexican forces
mo\ed to take possession of the Little Colorado.
! I believe they had been there for months. Their
j emissaries had been in General Taylor's camp, in
' older to learn his position and movements. Gen-
i eral Taylor never gave notice of his march. He
j made his preparations for the march, and no doubt
j the spies and rec.onnoiteiing officers were cngni-
! zantof his intentions. But I believe the Mexicans
j had been at the Colorado for months; and when
j they gave notice that if he crossed the Little Colo-
j rado "it would be considered an act of war, the
| Mexicans but took the initiatory, as they have al-
ii ways taken it; for Mexico has always struck the
11 fit st blow in every battle-field on which we have
'] met her. On some other occasion, however, I
jj may dwell more at length on this point. I shall
!; not now trespass longer on the time of the Sena-
jl tor from Rhode Island.
i j Mr. BUTLER. Though I may in some meas-
}. ure encroach upon the time of the honorable gen-
ii tleman from Rhode Island, yet I cannot suffer
!| myself to be thus far misrepresented. Theinform-
j| ation which I acquired was obtained not from
!' one officer merely, but from three or four who
happened to be in the same room. They knew
;j this much, that from January, when ^Geneial
; Taylor received his orders, until the 11th of March,
'■ when he put his army in motion, there had elapsed
!! a period of forty days, and that during that time,
L not only the officers in General Taylor's camp
j; spoke of his projected movement upon the Rio
11 Grande, but the traders who were there by implied
I license, attached to the army, had an'opportunity
,1 to learn the &ame information, and it was notori-
i' ous that he would march. Not that he advertised
the enemy, because the gentleman will understand
that at the time General Taylor marched on the
L Rio Grande, it was with no purpose of meeting an
II enemy. The Administration had not assumed to
