284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
go there for the purpose of making: war. General
Taylor received no orders to disguise his move-
ments; and the intelligence was as well known in
Matamoros four or five days after he received his
orders, as it was in his own camp. I am very far
from questioning the military sagacity of the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, and it may have
been that orders had been issued by Paredes 10
cross the Rio Grande and attack General Taylor
at Corpus Christi, but the act must rest on conjcc-
ture. It can never be reduced to anything like
historical certainty.
Mr. CLAYTON". 1 am reluctantly compelled
also to solicit, for a moment, the indulgence of the
Senator from Rhode Island, in order to set myself
right wi$t regard to some observations made by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations during this debate. 1 had taken
occasion to remark that the resolutions as intro-
duced by Mr. Ross, in the Senate of the United
States, in 1803, were not supported by the Jeifer-
sonian Democrats of that day, by any act of legis-
lation on their part, and that the whole course of
the Administration of that period was adverse to
or directly in conflict with the policy which now
seems to have been adopted by those who claim
to be the followers of Mr. Jefferson. The honor-
able chairman of the committee undertook to show
that I was in error, and sent to the Secretary's
table the act of 3d March, 18U3, authorizing the
President of the United States to call out eighty
thousand militia, for certain purposes authorized
by that act;'and the honorable chaiiman inferred,
from the act itself, that I was in error when I said
that the Administration,of that day had not sought
conquest or seizure of any portion of the territory
of Spain or Prance. Sir, I was entirely right m
what I said in reference to this subject, as I think
the Senator will admit, when he looks at the fourth
section of the act to which he himself referred.
That section, on its face, explicitly declares that
the act was passed authorizing the President to
call out militia 44 for the security of the territory
of the United States"—not for the purpose of seiz-
ing upon the island of New Orleans, where the
right of deposit had been denied us; not for the
purpose of conquering or seizing any portion of
the Spanish territory, but as the act expressly, and
in so many words, declares—"for the security"
of our own possessions.
It will be recollected by gentlemen conversant
with the history of that period, that by the treaty
with Spain of October, 1795, ratified in 1796, the
right of deposit at New Orleans had been secured
for persons trading on the Mississippi. The in-
tendant of New Orleans violated that treaty by a
proclamation denying the right of deposit to our
western traders. It was afterwards conceded by
Spam, that this was a downright violation of a
clear treaty right, as beyond ail doubt it was. But
what was the course of our Government in rela-
tion to that case? I have now before me the cor-
respondence which took place on this subject, and
to u I beg to call the attention of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
[The honorable Senator then gave in a condens-
ed form the historical details, which are here given
moie at length, in order that the whole matter may
be clearly understood.
By the 4th article of the treaty with Spain of Oc-
tober 27,1795, it is provided:
" Hi> Catholic Ma}e tv has likewise agreed that the nav-
igation of the said river (Mississippi) in its whole breadth,
fiom us source to the ocean, shall he free only to his sub-
jects. and the citizen® of the United States, unie-s he should
vxrend this privilege to the subjects of other Powers by spe-
cial convention.1'
By the 22d article of the same treaty, it was de-
clined, that
Hi 5 Catholic Majesty wii! permit the citizens of the Uni-
ted States tor the fji.iee of three yeir* from thi.< lime, to
dupo-.it their merchandise and effects in the port of New
Oilcans and to export them from thence without paying any
oiherdutv than a fur price for the hire of the stoiesand his
M.ijotv p)omi<es euhei to continue this permis>ion. if he
finds dunns that time tiiat it is not pn-judicial to ihe'mter-
of Spain; or, if lie sdiou'd not agree to continue it ther.-',
h<- will a«ia-n to them, on another pait of the banks of the
>Ii-.*iSsippi. an equivalent establishment."
So early as March 29, 1801, Mr. King, the
Minister of the United States at London, informed
his Government of the probability of the cession
of Louisiana by Spam to France; of the injurious
effect of this cession upon the union or welfare of
the United States; and of the importance of com-
mitting the interests of the United States to an
able representative at the court of France.
Mr. Madison, Secretary of State, in a despatch
to Mr. Livingston, the Minister of the United
States in France, dated the 28th September, 1801,
informed him of the rumored transfer of Louisiana
by Spam, and instructed him, that the United
States desired to obtain that country by purchase.
Mr. King, the 20th of November, 1801, com-
municated to his Government a copy of the treaty
between France and Spain, of March 21, 1801, by
the fifth article of which, Louisiana was confirmed
to France.
February 5, 1802, Mr. King, at London, com-
municated to his Government intelligence, that it
was definitively settled by France to send a colo-
ny to Louisiana and Florida, under General Ber-
nadotte; and Mr. Livingston, at Paris, corrobo-
rated the information, the 26th of February, 1802,
with the addition that *' ten thousand troops had
had been assigned to General Bernadotte."
In March, 1802, Mr. Livingston represented to
Mr. King, m London, and to his own Govern-
ment, the uncertainty in which he was kept by
the French Government; but exhibited the danger
which would attend the occupation of Louisiana
by France; that it was impossible to say what in-
fluence it might exert over the western country,
with the key of its trade in their possession, and
an undefined and illimitable territory around.
On May 1, 1802, Mr. Madison, Secretary of
State, instructed Mr. Livingston of the painful
apprehension with which the ccssion of Louisiana
to France was viewed by the United States, and
to-use proper means to divert France from her
contemplated colony, to ascertain whether the
cession extends to the Floridas, and to learn the
price at which New Orleans and the Floridas
would be yielded to the United States; and Mr.
King, in London, was informed that the Admin-
istration was aware of the troubles which might
arise from the reported cession of Louisiana, and
that it was their primary object to obviate such an
event.
Mr. Madison, Secretary of State, instructed
Mr. Pmckney, Minister of the United States at |
Spain, under date of May 11, 1802, that if the !
cession of Louisiana by Spain to France have
failed for any cause, and Spain still retain New
Orleans and the Floridas, it is the wish of the
President that every effort and address be em-
ployed to obtain the arrangement by which the
territory on the east side of the Mississippi, in-
cluding New Orleans, may be ceded to the United
States, and that in every view it would be a most
precious acquisition. He also authorizes him to
propose advantageous offers and guarantees to
Spain.
On May 28, 1802, Mr. Livingston communica-
ted to his Government more positive Intelligence
respecting the cession, applied to the Spanish min-
ister in France to know the terms of cession, as-
serted the right of the United States to be made a
party to any convention affecting the free naviga-
tion of the Mississippi; but received only a gen-
eral answer, admitting the fact of the cession
having been made.
On the 16th August, 1802, Mr. Livingston in-
formed the Secretary of State that General Victor
was appointed to command the expedition to Lou-
isiana, instead of Bernadotte; that his force was
limited to three thousand men, and his supplies to
two millions of francs; that there are symptoms of
ill humor between France and Great Britain; and
that the claim of France under the cession extends
to the Floridas.
And again, on 1st September, of the same year,
Mr. Livingston was informed by the French Gov-
ernment that his propositions on the subject of
Louisiana were premature, and that possession
must be first taken by France. He informed his
Government that he had reason to believe the Flori-
das were not included in the cession, and that the
armament (for Louisiana) will be ready in about
six weeks.
Mr. Livingston, under date October 28 and No-
vember 2, 1802, communicated to the President
the state of European affairs, and that he thought
the conduct of France had excited the suppressed
hostility of Europe. That in England especially,
events tended to a rupture; and that in this feeiing
the minority and majority coincided. That the
military expedition to Louisiana had received a
check; and, desiring to profit by events, Mr. Liv-
ingston asked from his Government more distinct
authority and more explicit instructions.
And again, on November 11, 1802, Mr. Living-
ston addressed a letter to the Secretary of State,
stating that the difficulty which had temporarily
arrested the expedition to Louisiana was removed.
That orders had been given for the immediate em-
barkation of troops (two brigades) for Louisiana.
That the Government of France would give no
reply to his notes concerning their objects, the lim-
its of Louisiana, or the rights of the United States
under the treaty with Spain. And, judging from
the temper of General Victor, attempts might be
made upon Natchez as the rival of New Orleans,
and that the territory of the United States might
not be exempt from danger.
On November 27,1802, Mr. Livingston informed
the American Minister in Spain, that the Spanish
Intendant at New Orleans had prohibited the de-
posit of American effects, as stipulated by the
treaty of 1795; and that, as the proclamation of the
Intendant was interpreted, the war was spent
against the external commerce of the United States
from that port. He dwelt on the importance of
the right of the department to the western States,
the general irritation, and difficulty to restrain it;
and instructed him, while presuming on a prompt
disavowal by Spain, to urge measures to repair the
past, and ensure for the futtire an observance of
the treaty.
December 12, 1802. The President of the Uni-
ted States intimated to Congress that the cession
of Louisiana to France might render necessary a
change in the foreign relations of the United
States.
January 29, 1803- Mr. Madison informed Mr.
King that a special mission to France had been
resolved on; and that while the United Stares
wished to preserve peace with all, they are bent on
the maintenance of their rights.
1802, December 23, Mr. Madison, Secretary of
State, in a letter to Mr. Livingston, says :
"in the latter end of the last month we received informa-
tion fiom New Orleans of the interdiction of the deposit
there, for our merchandise, stipulated by the treaty with
Spain, without an equivalent establishment being a-??tgned.
A copv of the proclamation is enclosed. * * * Should
it not be revoked before the time of the descent of the boat?,
in the spring, hoth the injury and the irritation from it will
be gtearly meieased. Th<> Hout-e of Representatives passed
a lesoiut'ion, the 19th of this month, calling for information
on the subject. The re«ult of their deliberation®! cannot be
anticipated; but I may hazaul the reinaik, that wlnle we
have no clear foundation on whirh to impute tins infraction
to orders of the Spanish Government,\t would be contrary
to dtty, to policy, and the character oj our couvtrt/, to
resortj-or redress, in the first to the use ofJorce.,J
January 24, Mr. Livingston to Mi. Madison
writes thus :
" Fiom the disposition I know to he entertained by Vic-
tor, I have no doubt they will provoke an Indian war, by
paying them rations; and that in their solicitude to acquire
wealth, they will act over again the t\ ranny of St. Domingo.
It mil be necessary, therefore, to fake the position that uill best
guard you <i«ainst the effect of these evils."
1803, February 5. Mr. Livingston to Mr.
Madison :
<k The Louisiana armament is still on board. The Flori-
das not yet ceded."
1803, February 18. Mr. Livingston to Mr.
Madison :
" From the best accounts I have from Holland, The arma-
ment will be detained there till the last of March,"
These references will all be found in the second
volume of American State Papers, under the head
of" Foreign Relations."
I next quote from Marbois's Louisiana, page
230.
1803, January. Mr. Jefferson to Mr. Monroe :
"Washington, January 10, 1603.
" Dear Sir : I have but a moment to inloi m \ ou that the
fever into which the public mind is thrown b> the afi.ui at
Sew Orleans, stimulated by the mercantile and generally
the federal mti re>t, Uneaten:* to ovfrbkar ock peace. Ill
fh:s Mtuntion we are compelled to call on you for a tempo-
larv sacrifice of jourself, to prevent this greatest of
evils to the pre- cut pro>pciou  tide of oui allun I shall,
to-moriow, nominate you to the Senate lor an eAtiaoidmaiy
minion to France, and the circumstances are such as to
lendei it impossible to decline.
"Accept affecuonate salutation?,
" Thomas Jefferson."]
March 3,1803, the act referred to by the honor-
able chairman of Foreign Relations [Mr. Sevier]
was passed—" An act directing a detachment from
the militia of the United States, and for erecting
certain arsenals," by which the President was
authorized to call on the Executives of the States
for eighty thousand miiitia; and the object of the
act distinctly avowed, in the fourth section, to be
" FOR THE SECURITY OF THE TERRI-
TORY OF THE UNITED STATES." This is
