240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25.
fcnowledged independent by several of the great
Poweis of the world. Now, an acknowledg-
ment of independence he had authority for saying
was synonymous with acknowledgment of title.
In 1836, having made this solemn declaration by
law to the world, that her western boundary was
the Rio Grande, Texas applied for admission into
our Confederacy. General Jackson, in his message
at that time, said: (Mr. G. read an extract from
this message, in which it was declared that the
title of Texas to the territory she claimed was iden-
tified with her independence, and she asks us now
to acknowledge that title, with the avowed design
of seeking admission into our CJnion.) General
Jackson opposed annexation at that time, under
those circumstances. He knew that there might
be those who would differ from General Jackson in
this opinion; still it was high authority, and enti-
tled to respectful consideration. "The title to
Texas was identified with her independence!"
Five of the leading Poweis of the world acknowl-
edged her independence; and, consequently, Gen-
eral Jackson being judge, admitted the validity of
her claim to its whole extent.
It might be said in reply, suppose Texas had
claimed all the way to the city of Mexico, would
the acknowledgment of her independence have
been an endorsement by the Powers making this
acknowledgment of the validity of her claims to
that extent? Mr. G. would answer that argument.
Suppose she had claimed the whole of Mexico: j
Did they suppose she would have been acknowl- j
ledged independent? No; because the truth would
have been the reverse. The acknowledgment of
independence was only the recognition of an old
fact, not the promulgation of a new one; and hence
that acknowledgment would not have been made
unless the fact recognized did actually exist.
Hence, with that boundary, she never would have
been acknowledged independent.
Another fact: about the time that annexation
was sought, Mexico offered to acknowledge the
independence of Texas on certain conditions. The
question ef boundary was to remain unsettled.
Suppose that this then had taken place, and that
Mexico had afterwards threatened to invade Texas,
would not Texas have been justified in going even
upon disputed territory, if they pleased, m defence
against that invasion? They had not only the
right to have used all the means in their power;'
upon soil clearly theirs, but when war was thieat-
ened, they had the right to push their army, in de- i;
fence, even into the disputed territory. !;
Mexico having refused to make any adjustment j'
—having refused to negotiate, Texas having claim- !
ed to the Rio Grande, there being no possible way !
of making an arrangement, ought not the Presi- !•
dent, armed as he was with the power to repel in- jl
vasion, and it being his sworn duty, under the H
Constitution, to exercisethat duty when emergency «!
required it, to have placed his army on the left \\
bank of the Rio Grande? Did he do more than |f
his duty? If he had done otherwise, would he j!
not have been guilty of gross dereliction of duty? ;j
Mr. G. read an extract from a speech from the jj
other end of the Capitol, in whicii the argu/nents '
weie piesented in a succinct form, going to show
that the title of Texas to the Ilio Grande rested jl
precisely on the same ground as her title to the
territory east of the Rio Grande, and that^if we
had no right to place our army on the bank of the
Rio Grande, we had no right to go west of the
Sabine. Was independence an ability to maintain
your rights against all others? Dii not Texas
show her ability to do this?
In 1843, an armistice was entered into between
Texas and Mexico, in which it was agreed that no
Texan forces should go west of the Rio Grande,
and that no Mexican forces eastofthe Rio Grande.
This was not peace, but a quad peace; and, in the
absence of other authority upon this point, was a
pretty good authority, showing that Mexico, as
well as Texas, recognized the Rio Grande as the
turning point of the dispute; it was made the line
of demarcation.
One other consideration: If the President had
been justiiied in his course, and (whether he was
justified or not) the war now being constitutional,
there was but one course we could pursue, and
that was, to prosecute this war. Gentlemen on the
other side had said, show us your plan; tell us the
oi.jects of the war; tell us what you are fighting
for; and then we will judge of the propiiety of it,
and vote supplies or withhold them, as our judg-
ment may dictate. The objects of the war! What j
were tl\e objects of the war of 1812? Would any j
of them tell him? How did we learn the objects 1
of that war? Did Congress declare them in the |
act declaring the war? Or did the President de- |
clare them in his proclamation of war? When you j
voted (said he) 50,000 volunteers to the President,
! when you placed at hi3 disposal ten millions of
money, and the whole army and navy, did you
not know what the objects of the war were? Yes,
you did; for when you read the act which made
these appropriations of men and money for the vig-
orous prosecution of the war, you saw that the ob-
jects were specified in it. Yousayyou were compel-
led to vote for it, because General Taylor was down
: there in danger. You may say you were com-
pelled to vote to extricate General Taylor; but
I were you compelled to vote to prosecute the war?
j_I am not now speaking of the preamble, but of
| your act, by which you voted to prosecute it.
j Prosecute it for what? To obtain an honorable
j peace. We have not obtained it, and it becomes
; our duty to prosecute it still, until our original de-
[ sign shall be attained.
, "War having existed by the act of Mexico, the
! President having the right, in defence against
| threatened invasion, to go to the utmost verge of the
! claim of Texas, because that claim was acknowl-
| edged by the five great Powers who recognized her
independence—Texas having been annexed with
this claim, and the Mexicans attacking us and !
shedding the blood of American citizens—was it
not, m truth, in fact, an invasion of our rights,
which no man could submit to who had the blood
of an American-trickling through his veins ? Mex-
ico said she would reconquer her "revolted pro-
vince." The United States said, Stay your hand;
cannot we amicably settle this difficulty ? Mexico
says, no; we will huil from power any one who
entertains propositions of peace; we are determin-
ed to reconquer Texas. Now, with these facts
before us, could we do anything but place our
army upon the point which was most eligible and
the best adapted to defend the country against as-
sault? The conclusion seemed to him nresist-
lble.
Ah! but, said gentlemen, we do not mind prose-
cuting the war for the purpose of obtaining a peace;
but then a war of conquest! " Conquest" seemed
to haunt their imaginations. How was this con-
quest brought about? We took up arms to defend
our rights, and to repel invasion. In order to do
this most effectually, we took our position on the
Rio Grande; and now, because conquests had
grown out of it; because we had overrun the terri-
tory of Mexico, defeated and dispersed her ar-
mies, we were told it was a war of conquest!
Why did notgentlemen say so in the war of 1812?
Was not Canada invaded ? Was it then a war of
" conquest?'* And did gentlemen fall back aghast,
horror-struck? Let gentlemen profit by the ex-
ample of those who opposed the war of 1812.
He granted there wete points of dissimilarity be-
tween the two wars, but there were points also of
similarity, worthy of being considered by every
man who was called to act upon it. What they
said and did must go to the world; and it would
live after the ephemeral reputation which they
might acquire upon other subjects had passed
away.
One gentleman said he stood by his country, but
he was against the President. But as between the
President, who, by the Constitution, was the com- (
mander-m-chief of all our forces, and the Mexi-
cans, he did not exactly say, but he left a very
strong suspicion. He (Mr. G.) did not make any
charge of treason. He did not pretend to say, m
a court of conscience, in a court of morals, he
would be found guilty of treason, because he might
have been actuated by good motives; but the con-
sequence of gentlemen taking such a position was,
to incite the enemy to a more vigorous and perse-
vering opposition. However praiseworthy might
be their motives, still the consequence of such a
course was inevitably to give encouragement to the
enemy.
Mr. PALFREY obtained the floor, and gave
way to a motion to rise; which prevailing—
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. DONNELL moved to reconsider the reso-
lution terminating all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the President's message to-morrow at
two o'clock.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. GRINNELL: The petition of N.J. Knight, esq.,
antiotheis, of Truio, Mass tchubeu^, asking that a light-
house and buoys nviy bo established at Parmot liver. Also,
the petition of Z. D. Bassett and others, ot Hjannis, for a
i light at that post.
1 By Mr. WJSNTVVORTIt: That the papers of widow
j M.ny Stanton, presented at a previous sfs.-ion, be taken
( from the file<, and again committed to the Committee on
: Revolutionary Pension*.
By Mr. HOLMES, of NewYork s The memona! of Her-
vev Ely and 70 oilier citizens ot Roche.-tei and its vicinity,
asking that the principles of the laws regulating diawbacks
: and \virchou m£ shall be t>o extended to oui iiade with
Canada as that Canadian wheat may be imported into the
; lake and nvei pot is of the noithern fronuei, admitted to
, entiy under bond, manutactuied into flour in the United
States, and thai, upon lilt; evpoit.ition thereof, the bonds
: thus given may be di-chaiged, under such legulations as
Congress niav ptovide.
By Mr. KEArvOiV: The petition of David Berry, and 45
, othcis, citizens of the State of Ohio, praying that Henry
i Johnson mav be placed on the pens-ion roll.
! Bv Mr. CLINGMAN: The petition of Samuel J. Finch
! and others, pravtng the di-chaigu of all the mamed men in
j the North Carolina regiment aftei twelve months' fcmce.
Bv Mr. BAYLY: The memorial ot A. Hunter, mar^ha!
' of the District of Columbia, piaungthat provision may be
. made for maintaining in jail persons committed to his keep-
, ir.2 as marshal.
By Mi. LUMPKIN: The petition of William Hardin, of
'Geoigia, ptaving that he may be indemnified for expenses
i inclined and actually paid by hun as enrolling agent of the
: United States.
! By Mi. SUERRILL: The petition of Marsh Fainnglon,
; of jiuu-he^ count'., New Yoik. lor a pension
' By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Georje Bock,prajing
i for & pension.
: By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition ot John P. Pur«ell and
i 2B otheis, citizens ol Northumberland countv, Penn->1\ ania,
' praying that newspapers, ice., may be tiansmitted iree ol
! postage within thnty miles ot the place ot publication, and
: tor orher alterations in the po-t office laws,
j Mr. BRADY: Tnc petition of citizen* of Franklin
' county, Pennsylvania, praying tor the lepeal of so much of
; tin-* act of the 3d of Man h, 1841, a-> impo-p-* postage ;on
, newspapers circulating within thnt) nulea of the oli!ce of
' publication.
! By Mr. GOGG1N: The petition of William T. Holland,
! cleik of the United States con ul at Rio de Janeiro, toi an
allowance ot compensation for attending as a witness to
! give testimony in a cfi>e of slave trading on board the wha-
liriirb.uk " Fame,*' of .New London.
By Mr. CROVVBLL: The petition of N. B. Stone and L.
i SwiYt and otheis, citizens of Summit count}, Ohio, praung
the reduction ot po-ta^e one-haSfon all papeis containing
i not more than five hundred square inches. AlaO, the peti-
tion ot Alexander fecott, of Cunfield, Tiumbuil county,
1 Ohio, for relief. Sec.
Bv Mi. DICKINSON: Trie p-tmon fiom citizens of
1 Wvanuot county. Onio, praying Congress to reduce the
postage on juvenile nev ipers ot small dimensions,
Aiso. the petition ot citizens of Seneca county. Ohio, pray-
ni7 < ongie-s to cany into effect the provision^ ot the treaty
ol Bro\vhsto\vn,and ot the acts of Congress- relating theieto
lot a road southwardly fiom Lower Sandusky.
By Mr. E^KRRT: The petition ot citizens of Tremont,
Sihuylkill county, praying foi the establishment ol a post
office"at that p'ace.
B> Mr. WENT WORTH • The petition of «undry citizens
of Illinois for agnail route fiom Sveamore, Coitonville,
South Grove, Ltndefiwood, White Rock/ Paine's Point,
Dijsville, and Oieeon,to Mt. Moiris.
B> Mr. CHAPMAN. Tiie petition of Stephen G. Ilogan,
of Baltimore city, ftn a pension.
Also, tile petition of Riciiaid Maekall for compensation
for property destroyed by the en^.my in the war ot 1SI2.
Bv Mr. THOV1PSON, ot Pennsylvania: The memorial
of;-ir<. Eliza A. Mellow, widow of Cup;am Charles Met-
low, Sate of the Ui.it"d Stales armv, praying foi a continu-
ance of pension. Also, the petition and documents of John
Morrison, of Pennsylvania, a i evolutionary soldier, and a
soldiei under Geneial V\a\ne,lrom 1591 to 1794, until after
the tieatv ol Poit Gienviile. piaying lor a pension, boing at
present ninetv-eight vears of age.
By Mr. SCHE.VCK- The p.-tihon of sundry citizens of
Ohio for a mail loute fiom Hamilton, in the county ot But-
ler, .State ot Ohio, through Dantown, Morning Sun, Fair-
haven, and P.eeehy Mine, in Ohio, and Boston, m Indiana,
to the city of Richmond, in Indiana.
By Mr. liO^E: Tiie petition of Mrs. fially Ketchum,
a«kmg to hf placed on iho p nifeion loll.
ByMr. TUCK: The petition of H. I'. DnnieN and lcS
others, inhahit'int^of Lowensworth, Xew Hampshire, piaj*-
mir that mea«uie.s may he adopted to oIopp the Me.xioaa
war. Also, the petition of MU'ijitabie Maih!c foi a pen-ton.
AUo, the peution ot Mose^ Noble and 19 otheis u.izeu- of
Xev,ca-tie and Pousuiouih, New 'lamp-hire, pi.t\iii^ tli.it
the I'uties on fi-.li maybe made specific, and at the rated
piovided In the tadii or 1F10. Al-o, the petition oi Amos
Cram and lOi otheis, citizens ot .MtrodiUi. A'evv Hamp-
fcline, piayin'.' tor the repeal of the law!> enacted bj Cnn^ie^s
in support ot slavi-iy in the Di^tutt ni Commhi i, and !hat
an adequate coiupeu-.aaon may bo allow od to tne uwneis of
slaves.
On motion of Mr. DUXCA\, of Ohio: Tl.e petition of
Xjfevi Nichols was taken h om tiie files of the House and re-
teried to ih<- Committee on K: volutiOnary Claim-.
By ?tJr. AfcJ L V \ l \ Js The meiuori.d of .Ies>e James and
other-, eitfzern of Cht>te« eountv, Pcnn-j'ivania, pru>in;j
t'onjzre-b to atiopt measures foi an early peace with .Mcmco
by the wit.i'iianal ol ihe atm.s, the restoration oi tile con-
quered proMnces. and file appointment ot commissioners! to
adju T the e\i-tinsi difiiculnes between the two Republics.
By Mr. WCS : A petition numerously signed b> Citizens of
Adamu county, in the State of P<"nns)lvanu, bt having
