242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
nrosecuted and to declare clearly, openly, distinct- , er finally relieved depends, I presume, on the re-
Fv and explicitly the course which, in my humble | suit of the court of inquiry. I believe I have now
iud<mient, the Government of the United States j| given all the information that the honorable gen-
iiifiit to pursue towards Mexico. The third reso- j| tleman wants. u , ,
lutfon, sir, differs materially from any hitherto j| Mr„CRITTENDEN. I am obliged to the hon-
-resented upon the subject. If this resolution, ;! orable gentleman for his information, and 1 am
« -I-* • 3...« j willing to rcccive it as evidcnc© of his courtcsy &t
least, if not of his imperturbable character. I only
i supposed that his station as chairman of the Com-
! mittee on Military Affairs, on which I have the
Mr. President, is unjust to any State of this Union
or any citizen of any State of this Union, and I
can be convinced of it, I shall be the first to aban-
don it. If, on the contrary, it shall be found to be ,
fair, and just, and equal ip its effect and operation :
upon all the States and all the people of all the |
States—if it be true that territory acquired by the j
joint blood and treasure of a common country i
ought, in the language of the resolution, to be I
equally free and open,to the citizens of all the :
States of this Union, without any limitation or re- ,
strietion in regard to slaves or any other descrip-
tion of property whatsoever—I think I have a j
ri°-ht to expect the unanimous vote of the Senate j
in favor of it. How far this (to my mind) reason- j
able expectation is to be realized belongs to the ,
future, and I shall not attempt to decide it in ad- j
vance. I flatter myself, however, that I shall, at [
the proper time, be able to make this proposition !
so plain that he who runs may read, and the way- :
faring man, though a fool, cannot err in regard to !
it. At present, f respectfully ask that the resolu- !
tions be printed.
The resolutions were then ordered to be printed. ,
On motion by Mr. BREESE, I
Rcwlvcd., That the Committee on the Post Office anri Post j
Roads be instructed to inquire into ttie expediency of estab- \
lishing a post route from Cairo city, by Thebes, m Illinois, i
to Cape Giraideau, Missouri.' j
The resolution offered some days since by Mr.
Cameron, for the appointment of a committee to
examine the books and money in the Philadelphia
Mint was taken up, and postponed to Tuesday
fortnight.
SUSPENSION OF GENERAL SCO'TT.
Mr. CASS. I believe the hour has now arrived
for taking up the special order of the day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not distinctly hear
the honorable Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has moved to take up the special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Before that is done, I
wish to remark, that there is a subject of consid-
erable importance now occupying much of the
attention of the public, and which excites much
conversation, in reference to which I desire to ask
a question or two of the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs. The questions to
which I desire to obtain an answer are—first,
whether General Scott has been recalled or sus-
pended from the command of the army in Mexico;
and, secondly, whether General Worth has been
relieved from his arrest, or whether he, also has
been suspended?
Mr. CASS. If the honorable Senator from ;   t 
Kentucky should not receive my answer as any j'; i,y the distinguish'
mittee on Military   ,
honor of serving under him, was such as to afford
him the means of answering the questions which I ,
submitted with respect to matters in regard to :
which I am not altogether indifferent. I confess I ,
have heard with some little astonishment the an-
nouncement just made, that General Scol t has been j
removed from the command, in the presence of his
army, on charges made by a subordinate officer, i
However, I do not intend, now to make that the j
subject of any remarks.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate then resumed tbe consideration of I
the bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional j
military force. i
Mr. CLARKE said: It is due to myself, and j
to the constituency whom I have the honor in part ,
to represent on this floor, that I should assign, as |
plainly and as briefly as may be, the reasons which i
will govern my vote on the bill now before us for I
discussion. I consider it second in importance to
no measure that can demand our attention at the
present session, not only from the principles and
consequences involved, but also as being the first
of a series of measures designed to enlarge the
means of extended offensive warfare against Mex-
ico. I had hoped that before Congress was urged
to the passage of any important act, a particular
expression of its views might have been made, de-
fining to what extent, and to what ends, the war
with Mexico should be further prosecuted. We
are informed by the President, in his last message
to Congiess, that the destruction of the nationality
of Mexico is not contemplated by him—that he de-
signs not to blot her from an existence among the
nations of the earth. We had also from the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who speaks by authority, the same assu-
rance. Tiie object contemplated was the dismem-
berment, not the subjusration of Mexico. Other
things, however, cast their shadows before us.
The veil has been partially lifted, and the future
is opened cautiously, but unmistakably to view.
And first in the category of these indications, sir,
there were certain resolutions offered by the hon-
orable Senator from New \ ork, [Mr. Dickinson,]
which propose that it be resolved that we form a
territorial government for certain territories in
j Mexico; although our right to the territories in
i our possession is but the right of conquest. In the
' next place, sir, thg-e were resolutions submitted
, by the distinguislifn Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
proof of "my fitness to discharge the duties of chair- j Hanxegan,] declaring the constitutionality of ter-
...     a ri ntorial acquisitions. ' Next, sir, was a letter from
! Maior General Scott, dated, I believe, the loth of
September last, in which he tells the Secretary of
: War, that if the Government intend to occupy
! with its troops all the principal towns in Mexico,
| and keep the central Government in motion and
j alarm, it would be necessary to augment his forces
to fifty thousand men. The fourth indication
which has struck my mind, sir, was the avowal of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, that the entire conquest of Mexico
was intended. The fifth, sir, is the general order
of the Major General commanding in Mexico,
dated loth December, 1847; which general order,
j , ■ if I understand it, covers the whole ground of the
I was expressly authorized to do. They are sim- '! conquest and occupancy of the tuiritories of tha
■nl^r fronfrfli £3/'r tf is? fvnm tl\r> vs.. * Ti_ C ±  ,.C  7 .3.
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I hope
he will at any rate receive it as affording some
evidence of my impel turbable humor. I would re-
mark to the honorable Senator, however, that I
know nothing upon this subject that is not fully
within the control of every member of the commit-
tee ; and if he had gone where, I went, the same
information would have been given to him which
has been given to me; and I am at libeity to say,
that the Administration will freely communicate on
military subjects with any member of the Mili-
tary Committee who may ask for information.
With respect, to the distinct questions put by the
honorable Senator, J feci myself at perfect liberty
to communicate all the facts in my possession, as
more, and we shall have annexation. In a few
brief years, where was this mighty conqueror?
Stripped of his power—a prisoner in the hands of
his oldest and strongest foe—doomed to an exile
for life upon a rock in the sea—and France, hjs
own beautiful France, at the mercy of her allied
foes, was circumscribed within her ancient limits
of sovereignty, resting on her greatness and repos-
ing on her glory—yielding up the spoils she bad
hiddenin her bosom. Sir, I trust that such may
not be the fate that is reserved for us. I am en-
tering into this discussion with no captious view of
opposing any measures, come whence they may.
I do not propose to discuss the controverted causes
of the war The fust and primary cause was the
admission of Texas for extension of slave-power;
but that is no longer a question for practical use,
for the lone star of that Republic has become
merged in our glorious constellation.
The more immediate causes are to be found in
the ill-advised march of General Taylor to the
Rio Grande—whether provoking hostilities or re-
pelling them—whether invading territory m posses-
sion of Mexico, or driving Mexican forces from
Texas and her soil—I leave with the honorable Sen-
ators from North Carolina, Maryland and Dela-
ware, who have spoken—ablerhands than mine. It *
is sufficient to say, that the war has beer, sanctioned
by the legally constituted authorities of the nation,
and must be prosecuted to a just and honorable
peace: such a peace as humanity dictates, and the
interests of the country require—ajust peace—sur-
rendering no right, and inflicting no wrong. I
therefore approach this discussion unfettered and
; free. My duty here requires me to judge of meas-
ures for the interests of my country alone; and,
' whatever vote I may give shall be from the best
' convictions of duty, and an earnest desire to pro-
mote the general welfare.
' The two bills reported to the Senate by the
; Committee on Military Affairs propose to aug-
ment the regular army 10,000 men, and the vol-
unteer force twenty regiments, equal to 20,000
men. It is asked, and I ask it in sincerity and
soberness, why, and for what end, is this addi-
tional force to be embodied and sent forth into a
conquered country, at a moment when the advices
from Mexico lead us to believe that peace may be
had upon terms of our own dictation; when com-
missioners from the yet remnant of a Government
at (iueretaro, existing only by the forbearance of
the commanding general, have sought your am-
bassador, and found, unfortunately, his powers
withdrawn; when, to avert utter subjugation, it is
confidently said that Mexico invites you to other
negotiations leading to a treaty, if not of amity, of
, peace, and desires to rescue her national existence
i from ruin ? Why is it necessary to increase our
■ military force ? Why send more men to enforce
' greater humiliation ?
j From the able report of the Secretary of War,
i (and, sir, I take great pleasure in subscribing to
|j its ability,) it appears that we have now in the
army 43,536 men; of whom there are—
: Regulars  2i .509
; Volunteeis  S3.llT/
< With Scott, at Tampico, Vera Cruz, and Mexico... 32,156
I Willi Tajlor, (now Wool,) on the Itio Grande  6,757
In Santa I V*. anil on O. con and ranta Fe route  3.634
1 In California   1,019
■ In Mexico - 43, >3Q
Add Michigan and other volunteers  3,001)
ply these: General Scott is suspended from the
command of the army in Mexico, and the com-
mand now devolves upon the next officer m rank,
who is General Butler. General Scott, as I under-
stand, will attend the court of inquiry directed to
be held at Perote, for the purpose of investigating
all the difficulties which have arisen—as the Senate
and the country well know many difficulties have
arisen—between the higher officers, by whom
mutual charges have been made. With regard to
the other question put by the honorable Senator, 1
believe that Genera] Worth has been suspended
from his arrest.
•A Senator. Relieved?
* Mr. CASS. Takeeither term you please. Wheth-
Repubiic.. To the first article of that order, I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate:
" The aimy is about to spread itself over and to occupy
the Republic of Mexico, until the latter shall sue for ponce,
in terms acceptable to the Government of the United
States.''
! Thus has dismemberment been transformed into
| subjugation.
I When the Emperor Napoleon, in the pride and
; plenitude of his power, impelled by his lust for
conquest and glory, had trodden down with his
iron heel the ancient dynasties of Europe—Hol-
land was subjugated; and in his memorable de-
cree of annexation, remarkable for its brevity, he
- says " Holland is annexed to France." One step
To this should be added the whole naval force
in the Gulf of Mexico, and the whole force in the
Pacific. These forces have been as ctncient m
their own sphere of action as any portion of our
force engaged in the biilhantand gallant exploits
redounding to the honor of their countiy.
May we not fairly add, as the actual efficient
naval "force. 4,464 men r arid if so, we have at pres-
ent a force in and around Mexico amounting in
the aggregate to 50,000 men. In addition to tins,
! the existing laws authorize the recruiting and im-
bodytngof 8,000 men for the regular army; and
' the President has authority to accept 12,000 vol-
unteers. All this, making 20,000, added to the
preceding estimate of 50,000, gives the present
force, as authorized by law, at 70,000 men. Pass
this bill, and the bill for twenty regiments of vol-
unteers, and you cannot have less than 95,000 men
engaged in seeking indemnity and security from
! Mexico, already prostrate before you.
