244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
of the war by the veiy process of making a debt upon pos-
terity "—Journal of Commerce.
In this state of the monetary concerns of the
country generally,and more especially of the treas-
ury itself, I ask if it is not madness to impose upon
it such heavy additional charges as thirty regi-
ments of troops, or even as the ten regiments pro-
posed by the bill under discussion, must inevitably
do; and those troops not needed for any purpose,
except for the entire conqucst of Mexico, and
hardly for that.
I see nothing, Mr. President, in the financial
prospects of the country, for the coming year, to
improve our condition; nor in the Secretary's esti-
mates, which must necessarily be hypothetical,
which gives me any assurance of improvement,
or essential relief. The Secretary's conjectural
estimates for the year ending June, 1849, are—
Customs  000,000
Lands    3,00 0.000
3;>,(J00,Gj0
Bounty lands in market will reduce  1 Ji00,i 00
$34,000,000
The average duties upon imports, including free
goods, are about 19 percent, upon gross import-
ations. making it necessary, in order to realize
^$32,000,000 from the customs at the present rates !
of duty, to import to no less a sum than $170,000- !
000 in that year. How vain is the expectation of j
such an import, and how utterly ruinous to the
country, if the views of the Secretary should be
realized. I will "venture the prophecy that your
exports for that year cannot exceed $120,000,000.
And', I ask, how is the balance to be paid ? The
business relations of the country can bear no fur-
ther exhaustion. And no such import will be made,
nor will any such amount he received from cus-
toms. Let prudent statesmen consider whether
this is a time to plunge into unnecessary extrava-
gance ; or rather, should not our honest efforts be
for peace'1 Let tins drain of excessive expenditure
cease, and a just and honorable conclusion of the
war restore the country to its right and proper
position. Stocks are below par; treasury notes
are at 93|, and that only because they are receiv-
able for duties, and made equal to spccie.
Now, sir, the Secretary asks for a lonn for
$18,500,000, since, however, reduced to $12,000,-
U00; and already has he increased his wants to
the Committee of Ways and Means, $3,700,000,
niaking $16,000,000. Add four millions revenue
less than his estimate, and it makes twenty mil-
lions. Sir, he will want $24,000,000. Pass this
bill, and the volunteer bill, and he cannot require
less than $>40,000,000.
With what prospect of success can he go ir|to
the money market for such a loan, or any consid-
erable portion of it, in the present financial and
commercial condition of the country ? Such a loan
if required could not be obtained at over ninety for
the one hundred dollars, and I fear could not be
got at that, for much of the money is wanted out
of the country—in Mexico. The existing means
will allow no such abstraction from the commercial
and business wants of the country.
If a loan of twenty millions can be realized by
your law, it must be paid into the treasury in specie;
and that specie, or a large part of it, will cither go
to Mcxico or to England in payment for English
funds furnished by bankers there in support of our
armies. All this will increase our commercial em-
barrassments now at a fearful point, and render
sales of produce and mercantile engogements of an
extremely limited character.
Sir, the merchants of the country are but the
distributing agents of the great producers of the
world, and this commercial embarrassment, now
experienced by them, will next be felt seriously
and with greater effect by our own producing and
agricultural communities. The want of means to
advance and transmit the produce from the interior
to the market must cause a severe decline in prices,
and the South and the West producing the great
staples of the country, will find, in the reduction
of prices, their share of the great financial^crisis,
caused by supporting a foreign war, and abstract-
ing for that war the means necessary for the profit-
able exchanges of their products. 1 have heard
prices named to which cotton and breadstuff's must
go, fearfully alarming, and the aggregate reduc-
tion estimated at two hundred millions. Nothing
can avert this but an extraordinary demand for
breadstufTs beyond any calculations that the wants
of Europe would seem to indicate.
Next, sir, in the course of inflictions, the labor
of the country will experience its saddering influ-
ence. Its profitable employment will be checked
or suspended, and then the blow will be felt most
severely; because the daily necessities of that class
renders it less able to aveit the force. #
The contraction of the ordinary circulating me-
dium of the country is another consequence of this
abstraction of specie. For every dollar in specie,
sound specie-paying banks are safely allowed to
put into circulation four dollars in bills, and these
bills employed in the daily uses and payments of
the community will be withdrawn'in that ratio
from circulation. A loan of twenty millions of
dollars, either m funded stock or treasury notes,
cannot but contract the sound circulating medium
sixty millions of dollars, the specie upon which
that-calculation is based, having thus been with-
drawn for the support of our armies in Mexico.
With such a contraction of the currency, it is pain-
ful to think to what point of depression prices
would go, and the consequent general and individ-
ual distress we shall be called upon to endure. In
a war of defence, the treasury of the country, like
its blood, would be poured out like water. In a
war of conquest, even for indemnity and security,
no such feeling would prevail. If, then, the men
are not needed", as I have shown, for any object
short of the entire subjugation and conquest of
Mexico—and the means are not to be obtained
unless at great sacrifice and utter commercial dis-
tress—I ask why pass this bill, or press it to a
hasty and immediate decision? These additional
troops, if sent into Mexico, can only be employed
in extending conquest over the entire Republic.
Drive the Government to disband itself, and with
whom will you. make a peace ? To whom can you
restore the whole or any part of Mexico? To
whom is her nationality to be intrusted? and by
whom is it to be maintained? Take it, and you
must keep it. " How will you escape it I"
In the distracted condition of Mexico, with a
population mixed and incongruous; groaningunder
the despotism of military power, and changing her
rulers only to exchange one degradation for anoth-
er; with no fixed principles of government—a de-
graded population, far inferior to the Aztec race in
civility and personage, accustomed only to obey—
their condition cannot, perhaps, but be improved.
But to incorpoiate such a disjointed and degraded
mass into even a limited participation of our social
and political rights, would be fatally destructive to
the institutions of our country. There is a moral
pestilence attached to such a people which is con-
tagious—a leprosy that will destroy—
" Like a mildewed ear, 'twill blight its wholesome brother.?" j
This stupendous scheme of subjugation, seques- j
tration, and annexation, cannot but shock the pub-
lic sense of the country, and cause reflecting men i
to estimate the dangers before them. The leprous j
distilment will in%se itself into the system only to
poison and destroy.
•'< It cannot and it will not come to good."
In God's name, let the danger be avoided before
j it is too late. Our own dissensions are sufficient
' to distract the harmony of the country and try our
|i institutions to their utmost tension.
! Stop this unholy lust for conquest. No longer
\ endanger the blessings of freedom so signally our
,1 own. Let discord be driven from amongst us, and
!i the bright example of our institutions, restored to
their purity, continue to shine forth for the imita-
tion and emulation of all mankind.
Mr. DIX. obtained the floor, and the Senate then
went into executive session; after which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. I
Wednesday, January 26,1848. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, i
The SPEAKER announced as the business first j
in order, the motion of Mr. Dovnei.l to reconsider ;
the vote by which the resolution terminating all j
debate in Committee of the Whole on the Presi- |
dent's message this day at two o'clock r was |
adopted. ;
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the motion ;
to reconsider on the table. !
Mr. BOYD moved a call of the House, which \
motion was decided in the negative: Yeas 71, nays '■
118. t j
The question to lay the motion to reconsider on !
the table was put, and decided in the negative:
Yeas 96, nays 100.
The question was now put on the motion to re-
consider, and decided in the affirmative: Yeas 102,
nays 98.
The vote by which it was resolved to terminate
the debate having thus been reconsidered, the
question recurred on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved to lay it
on the table; which motion was carried: Yeas 105,
nays 95.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose of taking up the joint resolution to
pay James CrutcheU for lighting the Capitol and
Capitol grounds.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON said he felt persuaded no ob-
jection would be made if he were allowed to state
the reasons why this bill ought to pass without
delay.
But objection being made, the motion could not
be received
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications, viz:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting the annual report of the In-
spectors of the Penitentiary for the District of
Columbia.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a communication from the
Superintendent of the Lighthouse Establishment
in relation to proceedings under the act of the 3d of
; March last, authorizing the erection of certain:
lighthouses, and for other purposes.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, with a statement of persons employed
in the Indian Department during the year 1847.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the annual report of the
officer charged with the superintendence of the
revenue marine service.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a statement of contracts made under
the authonty of that department during the year
1847.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the names of the clerks and other
persons employed in the several bureaus of that
department during the year 1847.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of the 17th instant, copies of reports
of such military commanders serving in the army
in Mexico as have been received since the trans-
mission of his annual report to Congress.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a report showing the names
of persons who have applied for relief under the
navy pension laws, and whose claims have been
rejected, and the reasons of the rejection of the
same.
A communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting, pursuant to the resolution of the
House of the 17th instant, a report of such meas-
ures as are rendered necessary by the present state
of our foreign mail service.
A communication from the Postmaster General
transmitting a list of clerks and other persons
employed in that department during the year end-
ing December 31,1847, with a statement that their
services are necessary in that department, and
that they have been usefully employed during the
year aforesaid.
A communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting, in obedience to a resolution of the
House, a copy of a letter from that department to
the postmaster at Mobile, m relation to the postage
to be charged on the steamboats not in the employ
of the Government.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were taken
up, read, and appropriately referred :
An act to make attachments which are made
under process issuing from the courts of the Uni-
ted States conform to the laws regulating such at-
tachments in the courts of the States.
An act to provide additional quarters near New
Orleans for United States soldiers and volunteers
