246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
rapidly on. Let gentlemen remember the Creek
and Cherokee- disturbances. One cause, and a
principal one, of that entire trouble, was, that
these tribes were accused of giving a refuge to
runaway slaves. Prom just the same cause sprang
the fatal Seminole war, which, according to a
high authority, cost the country twenty millions of
dollars. *
But let him look at a much greater subject:
those great rights of the Saxon race, the right of
petition, the right of speech, and of the press. For
many a year, in that House, the petitions of a free
people were brought to the foot of the Speaker's
chair, and there spurned beneath the table. And
even now, how were they treated ? Given to a
committee, with the understanding, as well known
and as regularly acted on as if it were one of the
• rules of the House, that that committee were to
bury them, never to.be heard of more. The same
thing might virtually be said of the liberty of
speech and the freedom of the press: what were
they all good for on the great question of the age ?
What safety was there for life or limb, if a man
should dare to speak or to write on that greatest
of questions—a question which ought to interest all
men more than any other connected with our so-
cialcondition—the question of slavery? What was
the liberty of American citizens in some parts of
this Republic? The constitution of Massachu-
setts was established in 1780, and by it black men
were made citizens of the State. Emancipation,
there, was the fruit of no legislative act. A poor
black fellow had sued a white man in 1783 for an
assault and battery, and the defence set up had
been that the black man was the white man's slave.
The counsel of the defendant insisted on the fact
that no law had been passed in Massachusetts
emancipating slaves within the State, and this fact
was admitted; but it was urged that the Pull of
Rights declared that all men were born free and
equal, and had a right to life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness, and therefore, no one citizen
was the slave of another. And the court held the
plea to be valid, the argument sound, and the mas-
ter was fined, and olherwise punished.
The constitution of Massachusetts in 1780 made
colored men citizens of Massachusetts. The Con-
stitution of the United States, adopted in 1789,
declaied that every citizen of tile United States was
entitled to equal protection in all the States ; and
yet citizens of Massachusetts, under the broad ;eoiS
of the State's protection, if they went into another
State, might, by the laws of that State, be scourged,
imprisoned, and soid into slavery. Yes, a man
might thus be used who had as much right to tread
the soil as tlie proudest native who traced his lin-
eage from the best blood of the State.
The State from which he came bad sent one of
its most venerable citizens, pure, grave, dignified,
intelligent, learned, and had deputed him to go to
South Carolina and look into this matter, and in-
quire into the legal question. A judge of the Su-
preme Court, and one, too, of Carolina's own hon-
ored sons, hat! declared it was not law. They sent
a highly respected and revered citizen of Massa-
chusetts to go to South Carolina, and in a peace-
ful amicable manner to try the question in a court
of law, and have it put at rest. Cut, instead of
being gieeted with southern hospitality and treated
with southern courtesy, he had been assaulted,
was not allowed to enter the court, nor oven to
tarry in the city of Charleston, but was driven off
with ignominy, and the repetition of such an act
made penal by statute.
in other times a remedy would have been sought;
but they could not raise a regiment or equip a ship.
The State had stripped itself of that right, at the
mere thought of the exercise of which he shud-
dered, and the matter had been given up, though
the time had been when resistance would have
been made. Nor, on the whole, did Mr. P. know
that the occurrence was to be regretted. The ex-
cess of an oHence not unfrequently led to its cure.
He had said tn Mr. Hoar, on his return to Bos-
ton, that he could not regret the sufferings through
which he had passed, because long observation
had taught us that the night was blackest just be-
fore the dawn. There were some evils so extreme
that they operated in their results to enlighten the
public mind, and in regard to which all toleration
and tranquillity ceased. The very odiousness of
the evil attracted the public attention to it, and"thus
provided for its eventual renioml.
Mr. P went oil to observe that a recent event
had brought into more conspicuous regard " the
political aspectof the slavery question, (he thanked
the gentleman from Maryland for the phrase—it
was a most appropriate and accurate one.) Not
long since this Government had annexed a foreign
State to the American Union forthesakeof strength-
ening the interests and cause of slavery within
our own borders. (He was speaking now, be it
recollected, only of the political aspect of slavery
—not of its moral or social aspect.) And what
had been the first result of that act? The repeal
'of the tariff of 1842. Yes, two men, who had no
more right to pass upon our interests than two
strangers from Europe or Hindostan, had, by then-
votes in the Senate, created the majority by which
that repeal was effected; and the next result was
the war with Mexico.
Gentlemen distinguished between the occasion
and the cause of the Mexican war, but nobody
doubted if annexation had not taken place that we
should have had no war. Mr. Calhoun thought
otherwise; thought he could set fire to a barrel of
gunpowder and extinguish it when half con-
sumed! In carrying on this policy—and Heaven
only knew how much further it would go—we had
already spent a hundred millions of dollars at least
in what this House hod declared to he an uncon-
stitutional and unjustifiable war. Never mind the
money, if it was buried in the deep blue sea
" deeper than ever plummet sounded," if it had
not been the means of so much misery. Let the
money go; but it had been the occasion of the
death by violence of thousands and thousands of
people who had never "done any injury to us; it
had carried widowhood and orphanage to thou-
sands of homes of a sister republic, to thousands of
our own homes; it had left a black page upon our
country's history for posterity to read—a page of
sorrow and disgrace.
Of this institution, bearing such fruits, the gen-
tleman fiom North* Carolina was the apologist,
and the gentleman from Maryland thought it
ought to be treated with reverence and respect.
From this point Mr. P. proceeded to a some-
what minute examination of various points made
by Mr. Clingman in his remarks, reading sundry
passages and commenting upon them. The re-
mark of Mr. C. that slavery was "a natural and
wide-spread institution," he said, bore a strong
resemblance to the declaration of Rousseau, that
"the savage state of society is the natural and
blissful state of man." Slavery was " natural"
to man in a certain sense; to a low state of civili-
zation. It was natural to man to hold slaves as it
was to drape himself witlf fig-leaves or bear skins,
or, as was contended to be natural by a Scotch
philosopher of the last century, to go on all-fours
and feed on acorns. But liberty—liberty, justice,
humanity, were natural to man just as it was to
calculate eclipses, to build marble houses to dwell
in, to write books <)f philosophy and poetry, and
to cultivate the graces of social life. The gentle-
man said it was a "wide-spread" institution.
Wide-spread where? In England, France? in the
civilized nations of Christendom? or in Guinea,
and Mozambique? It had lately been abolished in
Sweden, Holland, Denmark; and now, in civilized
and christianized nations besides the United States,
it only remained in Brazil, in the Spanish colonies.
Of it m Brazil he knew nothing; but m the Span-
ish colonies the institution was stripped of the
most reprehensible features which attached to it in
our country.
In reply to the defence of the institution of sla-
very by Mr. Clingsian, on the ground of the in-
feriority of the African race, he alluded to notable
examples of greatness, both individual and nation-
al, exhibited by that race in ancient as well as
modern times. He denied that the experiment of
Biitish West India emancipation had been a
"failure," and vindicated its success. He also,
in reply to remarks of Mr. C., with reference to
the settlement in the northern and western States
of a large proportion of foreign immigrants, and
to other facts, argued that the superior greatness
and prosperity of the northern in comparison with
the southern States was to be ascribed to the in-
fluence of their free institutions. His readings (he
said) had induced him to believe that it was the
opinion of the fathers of the Constitution that sla-
very was to be an ephemeral thing; and he refer-
j red to the writings of Washington to show that he
I himself expressed a willingness to vote for its ab-
i olitiou when the favorable time arrived. The first
abolition society in this country (he said) was
formed within the first year of the existence of the
Constitution. It sent a memorial to Congress in
1790, which was signed by Benjamin Franklin;
who knew some things as well as some men of
the present day, certainly, about the Constitution
which he had aided to form. It was also signed
by Lafayette, the same man who said that the
good sense of the American people would help
them to settle amicably all their difficulties, and
who had declared that he never would have drawn
the sword in defence of American independence if
he had known that the institution of slavery was
to be established under it.
He took up the classification by Mr. Clingman
of the abolitionists into their several divisions, re-
marking upon the peculiarities of each, and giving
his own views and position with reference to the
question.
A gentleman had spoken of the abolitionists in
the House as " excrescences" upon the Whig par-
ty! Six "putrid excrescences," which should be
lopped off. The Whig party, numbering a ma-
jority of but five in the House, lop off six of the
j number as " putrid excrescences!" [A laugh.] It
would hardly leave a very good working majority.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means would not tell them it was very good finan-
ciering. [Renewed laughter.] It would be very
much like that of the British soldier—
" A soldier I am, and live on my pay;
I spend half a crown out of sixpence a day."
Mr. HENLEY having obtained the floor, he
commenced by remarking upon the speech of Mr.
Palfrey, and the manner in which it had beers
received by the House. When he (Mr. H.) first
came into this House, an abolition speech was not
delivered here without great excitement, even of
the Whig party. The only thing remarkable in
the gentleman's speech was, that it was listened to
with a great deal of attention, and with apparent
approbation by all the Whig members from the
South, so far as he observed. [A laugh.] He had
no remarks to make on this floor in relation to the
subject of slavery. He was opposed to that in-
stitution; his own private opinion was that it waa
an evil; he believed it an evil to the slave and to
the slaveholder; but it belonged to the compro-
mises of the Constitution to sustain that institu-
tion. He meant to stand by those compromises.
But he could not help remarking upon the change
of sentiment m this House within a few years, as
exhibited in the fact that the remarks of the gen-
tleman met with the entire approbation of the Whig'
party of the South. [Renewed laughter.]
He had some remarks to make in reference to
the very singular and extraordinary speech of the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Tompkins,}
which the gentleman told the House he had pre-
pared for another occasion, but which he finally-
delivered on the annual message of the President,
with which it, had no connection. He would not
undertake before this House, either for its amuse-
ment, or for any other purpose, to play the politi-
cal mountebank. It was not his intention to play
such antics either here or elsewhere.
That gentleman had made frequent allusion to-
the course pursued by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.] It was known that that
gentleman [Mr. H.] had been proverbially respect-
ful and polite to every gentleman on this floor.
But the gentleman from Mississippi had character-
ized the books from which that gentleman had
read as " dog-eared" by the President of the Uni-
ted States, or by some one under his direction. It
was in vain that the gentleman from Alabama ex-
plained, and assured the gentleman from Missis-
sippi that this was a mistake; that they had not,
as the gentleman from Mississippi very classically
characterized these books, been "dog-eared" by
;t the President or anybody else; but that he [Mr.
]l Houston] had understood that such a message
y was to be received—indeed, it was anticipated
11 everywhere—and had looked up some authoi ities.
j| It was in vain; still the gentleman from Missis-
lj sippi insisted a half a dozen times that the book
]i was "dog-eared." Now, one less acquainted
11 with the course of debate in this House, and not
jj so charitable as he (Mr. Henley) was disposed
to be, would suspect that there might be m the
]' speech of the gentleman from Mississippi more of
i the "dog" than of the " ears" 
ij Mr. TOMPKINS. What does the gentleman
il say? I did not hear him.
