1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
of the bill, and I should he very glad, if there be
any reasons why we should act in opposition to
the unanimous recommendation of the committee,
that those reasons should be stated. Certainly, 1
must conform my vctfe to the recommendation of
the committee, in the absence of £\ny explanation
leading me to a different conclusion.
Mr. CAMERON. It was my duty some years
since to examine this case as a member of the
committee to whom it was referred. I gave it
a good deal of attention, and on that occasion
also, the committee unanimously recommended a
bill in favor of the petitioners. It has been said
that this bill will impose a tax on ploughs; but it
may be said with equal force, that every patent
imposes a tax. The improvement-in this case has
been great, and acknowledged. It enhances the
* value of the plough, and has been of essential ser-
vice to the agriculturist. The inventor, as has
been stated, did not derive any benefit from it, and
I entirely agree in the propriety and justice of
making a provision which will secure for a short
time to his descendants a share in the benefit of
the improvement.
Mr, PHELPS. I have had the honor of serving
on one or two of "the committees which have had
this subject under their consideration, and I recol-
lect very well, that when it first came before the
committee, some objections were made to the
recommendation of such a bill. ,But, as I am
happy to find from the remarks made by Senators,
these objections are no longer pressed. This is a
very meritorious case, and clearly comes within
the class of applications which merit the interpo-
sition of Congress, in the manner proposed by this
bill.
Mr*. NILES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether this patent has
been once renewed?
Mr. TURNEY replied in the affirmative.
Mr. JNT1LES. I do not know much about this
case; but I have generally felt it to be my duty to
oppose this sort of legislation, as being a kind of
legislation unjust to the public, and which is vir-
tually in violation of a fair contract made between
the patentee and the community—a contract, sir,
by which the former ought to be bound, and of
•which the community, on the other hand, should
have all the benefits to which by the laws they are
justly entitled, That contract secures to the in-
ventor the exclusive use and enjoyment, or exclu-
sive benefit of his invention, for a period of four-
teen years ; and if that be not sufficiently ample to
indemnify him, then there is a defect in the law.
But the law does not stop there. It authorizes a
lenewal of this exclusive right for another period
of fourteen years, or seven years, I am not quite
certain which. I am told that it is for seven years,
making twenty-one years during which the pat-
entee is secured in the exclusive enjoyment of the
benefit accruing from his invention. Now, if that
be not enough, the evil should be remedied, as all
general evils should, by general and not by special
legislation. At the same time, I do not say but
that there may be extreme cases—and they must
be very extreme cases—which may justify the set-
ting aside of the general law. Such an extreme
case must be one m which, without any fault on
the part of the patentee, he has failed to receive the
benefit which the law was intended to secure to
him. In no other case would it, I think, be just
towards the public to give our assent to any such
legislation. Whether this is such a case I am not
prepared to say, as I have not examined the sub-
ject so closely as to be able to express any opin-
ion. If the committee are entirely satisfied on their
part that it is one of those cases which justify such
legislation, I might be disposed to agree to their
recommendation.' That point ought to be made
clear. Unless it be made apparent that the law
has substantially failed to secure to the patentee
the privileges which it is designed to extend to
patentees, it is quite certain that the bill ought not
to pass.
Mr. TURNEY. I think the facts of this case
have been fully made out, and justify the commit-
tee m their recommendation; and in this view of
the subject, I am happy to find myself sustained
by the gentlemen who have spoken. A report in
favor of these petitioners has been made at three
sessions of Congress. Throughout the whole term
of the patent and its extension, the patentee failed
to reap the benefits to which he was legally en-
titled, after having exhausted his private fortune
in the work of perfecting his invention, and in the
attempt to secure his rights. I am as much op-
posed to the extension of patents generally as the
Senator from Connecticut can be, or any other gen-
tleman on this floor; but after a careful examina-
tion of the facts in this case, the evidence appears
to my mind to be entirely conclusive in its charac-
ter, in the. establishment, first, that this invention
is one of immense value to the community; and,
secondly, that the inventor received no benefit
/from it; but that, on the contrary, the whole of his
private fortune was exhausted in the effort to re-
lieve himself from the embarrassments which re-
sulted in the effort to establish his right.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, remarked that
he had assented to the taking up of this bill on re-
ceiving the assurance that it would not lead to dis-
cussion. Already a considerable portion of the
morning hour had been exhausted, and he there-
fore felt himself constrained to ask that it be passed
over informally, if it should not be postponed.
Mr. NILES inquired whether the bill made any
provision for assignees ?
Mr. TCJRNEY replied, that there were no as-
signees. The patentee had formed a connection
with certain parties who refused to render any ac-
count whatever of the sales which they had made,
and that was one reason why he had failed to reap
the benefit to which he was entitled.
Mr. STURGEON. I would ask the chairman
of the committee whether it is intended that the
benefit which it is proposed to extend by-this bill
shall accrue exclusively to the heirs of Jethro
Wood? There has been some doubt in my mind
about this bill; and the difficulty has been increas-
ecPby a fact which came to my knowledge some
time since in Pittsbuig, in conversation with per-
sons engaged in the manufacture of the iron work
of these ploughs. I was informed by one of these
persons that agents of the patentee had, whether
rightfully or wrongfully, extorted from them some
six or eight thousand dollars for the privilege of
casting the iron. Some of the manufacturers re-
fused to comply with the demands of these agents.
I am not able to say whether they were bona fide
agents of the patentee or not, but I should like
some explanation with regard to the subject be-
fore I vote upon this bill. If the benefit is to ac-
crue exclusively to the heirs of Jethro Wood, I
am disposed to acquiesce in the recommendation
of the committee.
Mr. WESTCOTT remarked that he had op-
posed the bill formerly reported, but had no objec-
tion to the present bill, inasmuch as it was not
liable to the objections which he had entertained
against the former one. He agreed with the Sena-
tor from Connecticut as to the impolicy of renew-
ing patents; but, as that gentleman had remarked,
there were cases in whose favor an exception might
properly be made. The present he believed to be
one of those cases.
Mr. ALLEN. I wish to make a few remarks
on this bill. There] is one decisive answer to all
the arguments which I have heard advanced in its
favor; and it is this: If, with the law on their side,
these people have been unable to make anything
out of this invention, how will they be enabled, by
having the law continued on their side, to realize
any profit from it? We are told, that although
for twenty-one years this patentee has been guard-
ed by the law, he has yet failed to realize profit
from his invention. How, then, I would ask, do
you propose to change this state of things by the
passage of this act? We are^old that all the
wrongs of these meritorious people have been the
result of the bad choice of agents; but surely it
cannot be pretended that this is a state of things
for which a remedy can be provided by law. If
we undertake to redress such grievances, I think
we are likely to sit here much longer than the
usual period of the long session. These are mis-
fortunes for which acts of Congress can provide
no remedy. Has not that been proved clearly
enough in this very case itself? Here we have
had an act of Congress existing for twenty-one
years, and yet wholly inadequate to prevent the
evils which have been-, in fact, the result of the in-
discretion of the persons themselves.
But there is another view of the subject. The
Constitution authorizes Congress to secure for a
limited term the absolute and exclusive use of cer-
tain inventions to the inventors. This is all right.
But why was not the exclusive right made per-
petual? For the plain and obvious reason that it
would be contrary to the general interests of the
community if an unlimited monopoly were thus
given in inventions. There, must be a period put
to the enjoyment of this exclusive right. The
right of every man in the community to copy an
idea which one man conceived is suspended. You
have no right to give a piece of iron a given form
for twenty-one years because A alone must give it
that form, and you have no right to copy A's idea
in iron. It is a restraint upon the whole commu-
nity, from which they must be released as soon as
may be consistent with the rights of the individuals
who have had the good fortune first to conceive the
idea. It is the fate, sir, of inventors to die unre-
warded by their inventions. It is the fate, in every
age, of the genius which bestirs itself in the inves-
tigation of these secret principles of nature or of
art, to die unrequited. Acts of Congress cabnot
change it. We may not impose a penalty upon
the country in order to effect a change in this ap-
parently unavoidable destiny of inventors. This
bill proposes nothing more nor less than to impose
a tax upon every plough made under this patent
in the United States. This is the amoui\t of it.
And, sir, we are asked to impose this tax of fifty
cents upon each of these ploughs by the very same
arguments by which we are informed that all these
fifty cents hitherto imposed have been snatched from
the rightful owner by dishonest agents. We are
asked to tax the users of these ploughs, not for the
benefit of the inventor, because we are told that
the law has hitherto failed to secure to him the
proceeds of his invention, but for the benefit of
those who for twenty-one years have been com-
mitting these frauds upon the inventor. I do not,
then, see any just ground on which we can pro-
ceed to impose this tax upon the farming interests
of the country.
Mr. TURNEY. I can assure the gentleman
from Ohio that there is no ground for his appre-
hension, that the benefit of this bill will not accrue
to the heirs of the inventor. The rights of the pat-
entee have been established by the decision of the
Supreme Court, and the extension of the patent
right for the short period proposed by the bill will
be of more value than it was'during the whole of
the two terms which it has existed, i may take
this opportunity of remarking, that our ^patent
laws seem to require some revision, in order more
effectually to secure the benefits of their inventions
to inventors. The gentleman from Ohio is not
strictly correct in designating this as a tax on
ploughs. Every purchaser will have his choice,
and if the ploughs made under this patent are en-
hanced in value in consequence of the improve-
ment, it is, I think, reasonable that the mventor
should have the benefit of it.
Mr. DAYTON remarked, that this was rather
a small matter on which to originate a debate.
The subject had been examined by three commit-
tees, differently constituted, and all had reported
unanimously in favor of a bill for the relief of the
petitioners.
The question was then put on the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
The yeas and nays being demanded by Mr.
ALLEN, were ordered, and taken, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley. Atchison, Bagby, Bald-
win, Benton, Bieese, Bright, Cass, Douglas, Downs, Feleli,
Hannegan, Niles, Spiuance, and Stuigeon—16.
NAYS—Mf s.srs . Atherton, Badgei, JieH, Berrien, Butler,
Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Mississippi,
Dayton, Dix, Foote, Greene, Houston, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Moor, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk,
Turney, Underwood, and Westcott— 28.
So the motion to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill was lost.
Mr. BALDWIN then offered the following
amendment: Strike out the words " exclusive of
all assignees and licenses."
Mr. WESTCOTT briefly opposed the amend-
ment.
Mr. BALDWIN remarked, that he had offered
the amendment in order to protect the rights of
assignees, and was proceeding to explain more
fully the objects of the amendment, when
Mr. ALLEN suggested, that as the time had
arrived for taking up the special order, and as the
discussion, now involving a le^al point, was likely
to be protracted, the bill shoura be passed over in-
formally.
The bill was then passed over informally.
.Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for
