250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
issuing of patents in a certain class of cases, and !
for other purposes, with amendments. 1
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju- I
diciary, reported, with an amendment, a bill to 1
amend the act entitled " An act extending the ju-j
risdiction of the district courts to certain cases i
upon the lakes and navigable waters connecting
the" same," approved February 26,1845.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he should, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the
sixty-first and ninety-fifth rules of the articles of
war, relative to the practice, in courts-martial.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS,
Resolved, Thatlhe Joint Committee on Printing be directed
to inquire into the causes which have prevented the printing
of the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury, with
the annexed tables, and wny the same have not been fur-
nished to the members of the Senate.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, ail additional military-
force.
Mr. DfX said : Mr. President, it was my wish
to address the Senate on the resolutions offered by
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
and not on this bill. I should have preferred to do
so, because I am always unwilling to delay action
on any measure relating to the war, and because
the resolutions afford a wider field for inquiry and
discussion. But as the debate has become general,
and extended to almost every topic that can well
be introduced under either, the force of the consid-
erations by which I have been influenced, has be-
come so weakened, that I have not thought it neces-
sary to defer longer what 1 wish to say.
Two leading questions divide and agitate the
public mind in respect to the future conduct of the
war with Mexico. The first of these questions is,
Shall we withdraw our forces from the Mexican
territory, and leave the subject of indemnity for
injuries and the adjustment of a boundary be-
tween the two Republics to future negotiation, re-
l)ttng on a magnanimous course of conduct on our
pai t to produce a corresponding feeling on the part
of Mexico ? Theie are other propositions, subor-
dinate to this, which may be considered as parts
of the same general scheme of policy, such as that
of withdrawing from the Mexican capital and the
interior districts, and assummgan exterior line of
occupation. I shall apply to all these propositions
the same arguments; and if I were to undertake to
distinguish between them, I am not sure that I
should make any difference in the force of the ap-
plication. For whether we withdraw from Mex-
ico altogether, or take a defensive line which shall
include all the territory we intend to hold perma-
nently as indemnity, the consequences to result
from it, so far as they affect the question of peace,
would, it appears to me, be the same.
The second question is, Shall we retain the
possession of the territory we have acquired until
Mexico shall consent to make a treaty of peace
which shall provide ample compensation for the
wrongs of which we complain, and settle to our
satisfaction the boundary in dispute?
Regarding these questions as involving the per-
manent welfare of the country, I have considered
them with the greatest solicitude; and though
never more profoundly impressed with a sense of
the responsibility which belongs to the solution
of problems of such magnitude and difficulty, my
reflections have, nevertheless, led me to a clear
and settled conviction as to the course which just-
ice and policy seem to indicate and demand. The
first question, in itself of the highest importance,
has been answered affirmatively on this floor; and
it derives additional interest from the fact, that it
has also been answered in the affirmative by a
statesman, now retired from the busy scenes of
political life, who, from his talents, experience,
and public services, justly commands the respect
of his countrymen, and whose opinions on any
subject are entitled to be weighed with candor and
deliberation. 1 have endeavored to attribute to
iiis opinions, and to those of others who coincide
with him wholly or in part, all the importance
which belongs to them, and to consider them with
the deference due to the distinguished sources
from which they emanate. I believe I have done
so; and yet I have, alter the fullest reflection,
come to conclusions totally different from theirs.
I believe it would be in the highest degree unjust
to ourselves, possessing, as we do, well-founded
claims on Mexico, to withdraw our forces from
her territory"altogether, and exceedingly unwise,
as a matter of policy, looking to the future politi-
cal relations of the two countries, to withdraw
from it partially, and assume a line of defence,
without a treaty of peace. On the contrary, I am
in favor of retaining possession, for the present,
of all we have acquired, not as a permanent con-
quest, but as the most effective means of. bringing
about, what all most earnestly desire, a restora-
tion of peace; and I will, with the indulgence of
the Senate, proceed to state, with as much brevity
as the magnitude of the subject admits, my objec-
tions to the course suggested by the first question,
and my reasons in favor of the course suggested
by the other.
I desire, at the outset, to state this proposition,
to the truth of which, I think, all will yield their
assent: that no policy which does not carry with
it a reasonable assurance of healing the dissensions
dividing the two countries, and of restoring, per-
manently, amicable relations between them, ought
to receive our support. We may differ in opinion,
and, perhaps, hopelessly, as to the measures best
calculated to produce this result; but if it were pos-
sible for us to come to an agreement in respect
to them, the propriety of their adoption could
scarcely admit of controversy. This proposition
being conceded, as I think it will be, it follows, that
if the measure proposed—to withdraw our forces
from Mexico—be not calculated to bring about a
speedy and permanent peace; but, on the contrary,
if it be rather calculated to open a field of domestic
dissension, and possibly of external interference,
in that distracted country, to be followed, in all
probability, by a renewal of active hostilities with
; us, and under circumstances to make us feel ffc-
i verely the loss of the advantage which we have
| gained, and which it is proposed voluntarily to
! surrender,—then, it appears to me, it can present
| no claim to our favorable consideration. 1 shall
: endeavor to show, before I sit down, that the pol-
, icy referred to is exposed to all these dangers and
evils.
■ I do not propose to enter into -an examination
; of the origin of the war. From the moment the
! collision took place between our forces and those
of Mexico on the Rio Grande, 1 considered all hope
of an accommodation, withoutafull trial of strength
m the field, to be out of the question. 1 believed
the peculiar character of the Mexicans would ren-
der any such hope illusive. Whether that colli-
sion was produced in any degree by our own mis-
takes, or whether the war itself was brought about
by the manner in which Texas was annexed to
the Union, are questions I do not propose to dis-
cuss now; and if it were not too late, I would sub-
i mit whether the discussion could serve any other
1 purpose but to exhibit divided councils to our ad-
| versary, and to inspire him with the hope of ob-
t taming more favorable terms of peace by protracting
j his resistance. No one can be less disposed than
j myself to abridge, in any degree, the legitimate
i boundaries of discussion. But I am not disposed
' to enter into such an investigation now. The
I urgent concern is to know, not how the war origi-
' nated, not who is responsible for it, but in what
manner it can be brought to a speedy and honor-
able termination; whether, as some suppose, we
ought to retire from the field, or whether, as ap-
pears to me, the only hope of an accommodation
1 lies in a firm and determined maintenance of our
position.
; The probable consequences of an abandonment
j of the advantages we have gained may be better un-
1 derstood by seeing what those advantages are. I
speak in a military point of view. While address-
j ing the Senate in February last on an army bill
; then under consideration, I had occasion to state,
1 that the whole of noithern Mexico as far south as
the mouth of the Rio Grande and the 26th parallel
: of latitude was virtually in our possession, com-
' prehending about two-thirds of the territory of that
1 republic, and about one-tenth of its inhabitants.
• Our acquisitions have since been augmented by the
i reduction of Vera Cruz and the Castle of San Juan
; de Uiua, the capture of Jalapa, Perote, and Puebla,
I the surrender of the city of Mexico, and the occu-
pation of the three States of Vera Cruz, Puebla,
: and Mexico", with nearly two millions and a half of
, souls, it is true, our forces have not overrun every
| portion of the territory of those States; but their
i chicf towns have been reduced, the military forces
' which defended them captured or dispersed, their
civil authonties superseded, their capital occupied,
and the whole machinery of government within the
conquered Statesf virtually transferred to our hands.
All this has been achieved with an army at no one
period exceeding fifteen thousand men, and against
forces from three to live times*nore numerous than
those actually engaged on our side, in every conflict
since the fall of Vera Cruz.
I had occasion, on presenting some army peti-
tions a few weeks ago, to refer to the brilliant suc-
cesses by which these acquisitions were made; and
I will not trespass on the attention of the Senate
by repeating what I said at that time.* But I can-
not forbear to say, that there is a moral in the con-
test, the effect of which is not likely to be lost on
ourselves or others. At the call of their country
our people have literally rushed to 'arms. The
emulation has been to be received into the service,
not to be excused from it. Individuals from the
plough, the countmg-house, the law-office, and the
workshop, have taken the field, braving inclement
seasons and inhospitable climates without a mur-
mur; and, though wholly unused to arms, with-
standing the most destructive fire, and storming
batteries at the point of the bayonet with the cool-
ness, intrepidity, and spirit-of veterans. I believe
I may safely say, there has been no parallel to
these achievements by undisciplined forces since
the French revolution. I am not sure that his-
tory can furnish a parallel. As to the regular
army, we always expect it to be gallant and heroic,
and we are never disappointed. The whole con-
duct of the war in the field has exhibited the
highest evidence of our military capacity. It con-
firms an opinion I have always held—thata soldier
is formidable in ratio of the importance he pos-
sesses in«the order of the political system of which
he is a part. It establishes another position of
vital importance to us: that, under the protection
of our militia system, the country may, at the
termination of every contest, lay aside the more
massive and burdensome parts of its armor, and
become prepared, with energies renewed by that
very capacity, for succeeding scenes of danger.
Mr. President, the political condition of Mexico
has been gradually approaching a dissolution of
all responsible government, and of the civil order,
which constitutes her an independent state. This
lamentable situation is not the fruit alone of our
military successes. The factions, by which that
country has been distracted, each in turn gaining
and maintaining a temporary ascendency, and.
often by brute force, lie at the foundation of the
social and political disorder which has reigned
"The reference alluded to is contained in the«following
extract:
" I will not detain the Senate by entering into any detailed
review of these events with a view to enforce the appeal
contained m the petition on the attention. I hope, however,
L may be indulged m saymg, in justice to those who bore a
part in them, that the fir>t conquest of Mexico cannot, as it
appears to me, be compared with the second, either as to the
obstacles overcome, or as to the relative strength of the in-
vader#. The triumphs of Cortez were achieved by policy
and by superiority in discipline and m the implements of
waifate. The u>e of fire-arms, until then unknown to the
inhabitant* of Mexico, was sufficient in it-elf to make hid
force, small as it was, irresistible, fn the e\e? of that sim-
ple and sui>er=titiou3 people he seemed armed with super-
human powei. Other circumstance combined to facilitate
his >uece?<. The native tribes, by whom the country was
; possessed, were distinct communities, not always acknowl-
i edging the same head, and often divided among themselves
1 by implacable hostility and resentments. Cortez, by his
consummate prudence and art, turned these dissensions to
his own account; he luied the parties to them into his own
service, and when he presented himself at the gates of the
city of Mexico, he was at the head of four thousand of the
most wailike of the natives, as auxiliaries to the band of
6?paniaid«, with winch he commenced his maich from Vera
[ Cruz. Thus his early sucoc-ses were as much the triumph
• of policy a-< of arm-?. General Scott, and the gallant band
! he Jed, had no such advantages. The whole population of
; tne country, from Vet a Cruz; to Mexico, was united as one
; man again>t him, and animated by the fiercest animosity.
! He was opposed by military forces armed like his o<vn,
] often beitci disciplined, occupying positionschosen h> them-
selves, stiong by nature, arid foitified actonhng to the
stricter rules of art. These obstacle? were overcome by
his skill as a tactician, aided by a corps of officers unsur-
passed for their knowledge ol the art of attack and defence,
and by th<* indomitable coinage of their followers. With
halt his loice left on the battle-field or in the hospital, and
with le^s than six thousand men, atter a series of desperate
contests, he took posies-ion of the cuy of Mexico, contain-
ing neailyjiwo hundred thousand inhabitants, and defended
by the remnant of an army of more than Unity thousand
soldiers, f confess f know nothing in modern warfare which
exceeds in biiiliancv the movements of the American aimy
from the Gulf tu the city of Mexico, t shall not attempt to
[ speak of them m the language of eulogium. They are not a
j lit theme lor Mich comment. J-.ike tlie achievements of
i General Taylor and his biave men on the Rio Grande, at
j Monterey and Buena Vista, the highest and most appropriate
1 praise is contained in the simplest statement o£ tacts.,}
