1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
there for the last twenty years. To most of the
abuses of the old colonial system of Spain, she has
superadded the evils of an unstable and irrespons-
ible government. The military bodies, which
have been the instruments of those who have thus
in succession gained a brief and precarious control
over her affairs, though dispersed, still exist, ready
to be re-united and to renew the anarchy which
we have superseded, for the time being, by a mili-
tary government: and this brings me to the first
great objection to the proposition of withdrawing,
our armies from the field.
I have already said that no policy can deserve
our support which does not holdout the promise
of a durable peace. Nothing seems to me more
unlikely to secure so desirable a result, than an
abandonment of Mexico by us at the present mo-
ment without a treaty, leaving behind a strong
feeling of animosity towards us, with party divis-
ions as strongly marked, and political animosities
as rancorous, perhaps, as they have been at any
former period. Even when her capital had fallen,
humbled and powerless as she was, party leaders,
instead of consulting for the common good, were
seen struggling with each other for the barren
sceptre of her authority. Our retirement as en-
emies would, in all probability, be the signal for
intestine conflicts as desperate and sanguinary as
those in which they have been engaged with us—
conflicts always the most disastrous for the great
body of the Mexican people, for, on what side
soever fortune turns, they are certain to be the
victims. You know, sir, theve are two great par-
ties in Mexico, (I pass^by the minor divisions)—
the " Federalistas" and " Centralistas." The
former, as their name imports, are in favor of the
federative system; they are the true republican
party. With us, in former times, the terms " Fed-
eral" and " Republican" designated different par-
ties; in Mexico, they are both employed to desig-
nate the friends of the federative system. The
Centralists are in favor of a consolidated Govern-
ment, republican or monarchical in form, and are
composed of the army, the clergy, and I suppose
a small portion of the population. I believe our
only hope of obtaining a durable peace lies in the
firm establishment of the Federal party in power—
the party represented by Herrera, Anaya, Pena y
Peila, Cumphdo, and others. I understand Her-
rera has been elected President of the Republic;
and this is certainly a favorable indication. But,
unfortunately, I fear this parly would not succeed
in maintaining itself, if Mexico were left to her-
self at the present moment with an imbittered
feeling of hostility towaids us. , The military
chiefs, who controlled the army, and who might
rally it again, for political use*, if we were to retire
without a tieaty, are for the most part enemies of
the federative system, and conservators of the
popular abuses, to which tiiey owe their wealth
and importance. Nothing could be more unfortu-
nate for Mexico than the reestablishment of these
men in power. It would bring with it a hopeless
perpetuation of the anarchy and oppression which
have given a character to their supremacy in past
years—a supremacy without a prospect of ame-
lioration in the condition of the Mexican people—
a supremacy of which the chief variation has been
an cxchnnge of one military despot for another.
Calamitous as the restoration of this party to
their former ascendency would be for Mexico, it
would hardly be less so for us. Relying on mili-
tary force for their support, their policy would be
to continue the war as a pretext for maintaining
the army in full strength, or, at least, not to termi-
nate it till peace^would ensure their own suprema-
cy. It is believed that these considerations have
been leading motives in the resistance they have
opposed to us.. It is true, the republican party has ]
been equally hostile, so far as external indications '
show; but the fact is accounted for by their desire !
to see the war continued until the army and its j
leaders, the great enemies of the federative system, 1
are overthrown. Undoubtedly the obstinate re-
fusal of Mexico to make peace may be very prop-
erly referred to the natural exasperation of every ;
people whose soil is invaded; but there can be little !
doubt that it has been influenced, in no inconsider- '
able degree, by considerationsgrowin^outof party j
divisions, and the jealousy and animosities to which '
those divisions have given rise. My confidence in '
our ability to make an amicable arrangement with I
the federal party, if it were in undisputed posses- I
sion of the Government, arises from the belief that I
their motives tire honest, that they have at heart
the public welfare^ and that they must see there is
no hope for Mexico but in a solid peace with us.
My utter distrust of the Centralists.arises from the
belief that their objects are selfish, and that, to ac-
complish them, they would not; hesitate to sacrifice
the liberties of the people and the prosperity of the
country. But whether I err in these views or not,
I feel quite confident I do not err in believing that
if our armies were to be withdrawn from Mexico,
without a peace, the flames of civil discord would
be rekindled in that unhappy country, and burn
with redoubled violence. I should greatly fear
that the military chiefs would succeed in reestab-
lishing their ascendency, and that no probable
limit could be assigned to the duration of the war.
If I am right, our true policy is to stand firm, and,
if possible, united, until wiser counsels shall pre-
vail in Mexico, and a disposition shall be shown
to come to an amicable arrangement with us on
reasonable terms.
The objection I have stated to the proposition of
withdrawing our forces from Mexico, concerns
only the relations which now exist, or may exist
hereafter, between the two countries. If there
were no other objection, the question might be
decided upon considerations touching only their
domestic interests and their mutual rights.
But I come to the second objection—one perhaps
of graver import than the first, because it sup-
poses the possibility, if not the probability, of an
interference in her affairs by other countries, if
we were to retire without a treaty and without
commercial arrangements, which it would be in
our power to enforce. The President alluded to
ftie subject in his annual message at the opening1 of
Congress, and expressed an apprehension of danger
from that source. I participate in it. I shall as-
sign the grounds on which it rests; and I only
regret that, in stating them with the minuteness
necessary to make them fully understood, I shall
be compelled to draw much "more largely than I
desire on the patience of the Senate.
Senators are doubtless aware that the right of
intervention in the affairs of this continent was
formally asserted in the French Chamber of Depu-
ties, in the year 1845, by M. Guizot, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, as the organ of the Government
of France. He regarded the great powers on this
continent as divided into three groups, namely:
Great Britain, the United States, and the States of
Spanish origin; and he declared that it belonged
to France 44 to protect, by the authority of her
name, the independence of Slates, and the equilib-
rium of the gteat political forces in America." To
this declaration, I have thought it not out of place,
in oonncction with the subject under discussion, to
enll the attention of the Senate; not for the pur-
pose of undertaking the formal refutation, of
which I think the whole doctrine of intervention,
as it has been practically enforced in Europe, is
clearly, susceptible, but for the purpose of deny-
ing it as founded upon any^well established prin-
ciples of international law, and, if it had such a
foundation, of denying its applicability to the po-
litical condition of this continent. To enter fully
into the examination of this important subject,
would require more time than it would be proper
for me to devote to it. I propose only to pass
rapidly over a few of the principal considerations
it suggests.
The" declaration of M. Guizot was the first pub-
lic and official intimation, by a European govern-
ment, of an intention to interfere with the political
condition of the independent communities on the
continent of America, and to influence by moral,
if not by physical agencies, their relations to each
other. And if it had been presented in any other
form than that of an abstract declaration, not ne-
cessarily to be followed by an}' overt act, it would
have behooved us to inquire, in the most formal
manner, whether this asserted right of interposi-
tion derived any justification fiom the usages of
nations, or from the recognized principles of inter-
national law; or whether it was not an assump-
tion wholly unsupported by authority, and an en-
croachment on the independence of sovereign
States, which it would have been their duty to
themselves and the civilized world to resent as an
injury a wrong.
Am I in error in supposing this subject derives
new importance from our existing relations with
Mexico, one of the states of Spanish origin, which
M. Guizot grouped, together as constituting one of
the great political forces of this continent, among
which the " equilibrium" was to be-maiotained ?
Sir, more than once, in'the progress of the, war,
the governments of Europe have been invoked, by
leading organs of public opinion abroad,, to inter-
pose between us and Mexico. Is it not, then, ap-
propriate briefly to state what this right of inter-
vention is, as it has been asserted in Europe, what'
it has been in practice, and what it would be likely
to become, if applied to the States of this conti-
nent? I trust it will be so considered'.
The doctrine of intervention to maintain the bal-
ance of power is essentially of modern origin.
From the earliest ages, it is true, occasional com-
binations have been formed by particular States for **
mutual protection against the aggressions of a pow-
erful neighbor. History is full of these examples.
Such a cooperation is dictated by the plainest
principles of self-preservation, for the purpose of
guarding against the danger of being destroyed in
detail; and it is founded upon such obvious max-
ims of common sense, that it would have been re-
markable if it had not been resorted to from the
moment human society assumed a regular form of
organization. These defensive alliances were de-
ficient in the permanence and methodical arrange-
ments which distinguish the modem system of
intervention. Hume saw, or fancied he saw, in
them the principle of the right of intervention to
preserve the balance of power which is asserted afc
the present day. But it cou]d-only have been the
principle which was developed; they certainly
never attained the maturity or the efficient force of
a regular system.
The modern doctrine of intervention in the af-
fairs of other States, which has sprung up within
the last two centuries, is far more comprehensive
in its scope. It has grown into a practical system
of supervision on the part of the principal Euro-
pean powers over their own relative forces and
those of the other States of Europe; and though
it may, in some instances, have been productive of
beneficial effects in maintaining the public tran-
quillity, it has as frequently been an instrument of
the grossest injustice and tyranny. From the first
extensive coalition of this nature, which was
formed during the long series of wars terminated
by the peace of Westphalia, in 1648, down to the
interference of Great Britain, Prussia, Austria, and
France, in the contest between the Sultan and Me-
hemet Ali, in 1840, a period of nearly two centu-
ries—an interference designed-, in some degree, to
prevent what was regarded as a dangerous protect-
orate over the affairs"of the Porte by Russia—the
exercise of the ri^ht has been placed, theoretically,
on the same high ground of regard for the tran-
quillity of Europe and the independence of States.
Practically, it has often been perverted to the worst
purposes of aggrandizement and cupidity.
If we look into the writers on international law,
I think we shall find no sufficient ground for the
right of intervention. Grotius, who wrote in the
early pg.rt of the seventeenth century, denied its
existence. Fenelon, who wrote about half a cen-
tury later, denied it, except as a means of self-pre-
servation, and then only when the danger was real
and imminent. Vattel, who wiote nearly a century
after Fenelon, and a century before our own times,
regarded the States of Europe as forming a political
system, and he restricted the right of entering into
confederacies and alliances for the purpose of inter-
vention in the affairs of each other, to cases in
which such combinations were necessary to curb
the ambition of any power which, from its superi-
ority in physical strength, and its designs of op-
pression or conquest, threatened to become danger-
ous to its neighbors. De Martens, who wrote half
a ccntury ago, acknowledges, with Vattel, the ex-
istence of theright under certain conditions, though
he hardly admits it to be well settled as a rule of
international law; and he limits its exercise to
neighboring states, or states occupying the same
quarter of the globe. But, according to the two
last writers, who have, perhaps, gone as far as any
other public jurists, of equal eminence, towards a
formal recognition of the right, it only justifies a
union of inferior states within the same immediate
sphere of action, to prevent an accumulation of
power in the hands of a single sovereign, which
would be too great for the common liberty.
I am confident, Mr. President, that no one can
rise from a review of the history ot modern Eu-
rope, and from an examination of the writings of
her public jurists, without being satisfied that the
