1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
258
great majority of the Mexican people are radically
averse to any other than a republican form of gov-
ernment; but we know, also, the proneness of a
people among whom anarchy reigns triumphant,
to seek any refuge which promises the restoration
of tranquillity and social order.
Mr. President, any attempt by a European power
to interpose in the affairs of Mexico, either to estab-
lish a monarchy, or to maintain, in the language of
M. Guizot, " the equilibrium of the great political
forces in America," would be the signal for a war
far more important in itsconsequences, and inscru-
table in its issues, than this. We could not sub-
mit to such interposition if we would. The public
opinion of the country would compel us to resist
it. We are committed by the most formal decla-
rations, first made by President Monroe m 1823,
and repeated by the present Chief Magistrate of
the Union. We have protested, in the mostsolemn
manner, against any further colonization by Euro-
pean powers on this continent. We have protested
against any interference in the political concerns of
the independent states in this hemisphere. A pro-
test, it is true, does not imply that the ground it
assumes is to be maintained at all hazards, and if
necessary, by force of armfc. Great Britain pro-
tested against the interference of France in the
affairs of Spain in 1823; she has more recently
protested against the absorption of Cracow by
Austria as a violation of the political order of
Europe, settled at Vienna by the allied sovereigns,
and against the Montpensier marriage as a viola-
tion of the treaty of Utrecht; but I do not remem-
ber that in either case she did anything more than
to proclaim to the world her dissent from the acts
against which she entered her protest. It has
always seemed to me to be unwise in a government
to put forth manifestoes without being prepared to
maintain them by acts, or to make declarations of
abstract principle until the occasion has arrived for
enforcing them. The declarations of a President
having no power to make war without a vote of
Congress, or even to employ the military force of
the country except to4defend our own territory, is
very different from the protest of a sovereign hold-
ing the issues of peace and war in his own hands.
But the former may not be lesseffectual when they
are sustained, as I believe those of Presidents
Monroe and Polk are, in respect to European in-
terference on the American continent, by an undi-
vided public opinion, even though they may not
have received a formal response from Congress. I
hold, therefore, if any such interposition as that
to which 1 have referred should take place, resist-
ance on our part would inevitably follow, and we
should become involved in controversies, of which
no man could foresee the end.
Before I quit this part of the subject, I desire to
ad vert to some circumstances recently made public,
and, if true, indicating significantly the extent to
which Great Britain is disposed to carry her other
encroachments on this continent, as in every other
quarter of the globe. On the coast of Honduras, in
Central America, commonly called the Musquito
coast, there is a tribe of Indians bearing the same
name, numbering but a few hundred individuals,
and inhabiting some miserable villages in the
neighborhood of Cape Gracias a Dios, near the
fifteenth parallel of north latitude. Several hun-
dred miles south is the river San Juan, running
from Lake Nicaragua to the Caribbean sea, a
space oi'about two degrees of longitude, with the
town of Nicaragua at its mouth, and a castle or
fort about midway between the town and the lake.
The lake is only fifteen leagues from the Pacific,
and constitutes, with the river San Juan, one of
the proposed lines for a ship canal across the
isthmus. Great Britain has recently laid claim to
the river San Juan and the town of Nicaragua, if
she has not actually taken possession of the latter.
I have seen a communication from the British
consul-general at Guatemala, asserting the inde-
pendence of the Mosquitos as a nation. 1 have
also seen a communication from the British con-
sul at Bluefield, on the Mosquito shore, asserting
that 4< the Mosquito flag and nation are under the
special protection of the crown of Great Britain," 1
and that " the limits which the British Govern- '
ment is determined to maintain as the right of the
King of the Mosquitos" " comprehend the San
Juan river." By Arrowsmith's London Atlas,
published in 1840, the Mosquito territory covered
about 40,000 square miles, nearly as large an area
as that of the State of New York; but it did not
extend below the twelfth parallel of latitude, while
the river San Juan is on the eleventh. I have seen
the protest of the State of Nicaragua against the
occupation of the town of Nicaragua on the river
San Juan, which, as the protest declares, has been
from time immemorial in her quiet and peaceable
possession. The state of San Salvador, one of
the Central American republics, also unites in
the protest, and declares her determination, if the
outrage shall be carried into effect, to exert her
whole power until the usurper " shall be driven
from the limits of Central America."
I understand, for I speak only from information,
that Great Britain has for some time claimed to
have had the Mosquitos, a mere naked tribe of In-
dians of a few hundred persons, under her protec-
tion.*- Through her influence they appointed a
king, who was taken to Belize, a British station on
the bay of Yucatan, and there crowned. It is said,
also, that on the decease of the king, he was
found to have bequeathed his dominions to her
Britannic Majesty. It appears to be certain that
she has, under this pretenceof protection, extend-
ed her dominion over an immense surface in Cen-
tral America; that she has at least one vessel of
war, the Sun, commanded by an officer bearing an
English name, tl Commander Trotter, of the Mos-
quito navy," as he is styled in a letter written by
the British consul at Bluefield, and that she is still
further extending herself, agaiust the remonstrance
of the Central American States. But these states,
besides being physically weak, are distracted by
internal feuds; and if the proceedings complained
of be not the unauthorized acts of British agents,
which Great Britain will disavow, it is hardly to
be expected that a usurpation, so unjustifiably con-
summated, will be abandoned on an appeal to the
justice of the wrong-doer. Whether our govern-
ment should remain quiescent under this encroach-
ment upon near and defenceless neighbors, is a
question worthy of consideration. Under any
circumstances, it seems to me to afford little assu-
rance of non-interference With the affairs of Mexi-
co, if our forces were to be withdrawn without a
treaty.
There is another consideration which ought not
to be overlooked. In July last, Lord George Ben-
tinck made a motion for an address to her Britan-
nic Majesty, praying her to take such measures as
she might deem proper to secure the payment of
the Spanish governmentbonds held by British sub-
jects. Those bonds amount to about three hun-
dred and eighty millions of dollars, and on about
three hundred and forty millions no interest what-
ever has been paid; and including this debt nearly
seven hundred and thirty millions of dollars are
due to British subjects by foreign governments—a
sum equal to about one-fifth of her national debt.
He contended, that by the law of nations, from
time immemorial, it has been held that the recov-
ery ofjust debts is a lawful cause of war, if the
country fiom which payment is due refuses to
listen to the claims of the country to whom money
is owing." He quoted authorities to show that
the payment of the debt, or the interest on it,
might be enforced without having recourse to
arms, though asserting the right to resort to force
to compel it. He referred to the rich colonies of
Spam, and especially Cuba, to show that there
was wealth enough in its annual produce and rev-
enue " to pay the whole debt due by Spain to
British bond-holders." He referred to the naval
force which Spain possessed to show that there
would not be "any very effective resistance,"
and that " the most timid minister" need not fear
it. Having, m the course of his remarks, called
the attention of the Minister of Foreign Affairs to
the subject, Lord Palmerston, in responding to his
call, entered into an extended statement in respect
to the foreign debt due to British subjects. He
drew a distinction between transactions by one
government with another, by British subjects with
a foreign government, by British subjects with the
subjects of another government, and between debts
* Extract of a letter from the Supreme Government of the State
of Nicaragua tj the Supreme Government of the State of
San Salvador.
4< A tribe with no recognized form of government, with-
out civilization, and entaely abandoned to savage life, is
suddenly made use of by enlightened England for the pur-
pose- ofplanting one of her feet upon the Atlantic coast of
this State ; or iathei, for the purpose of taking possession of
the port for communication between Europe, America, and
Asia, and otbei important countries at the point where the
grand iuter-oceanic canal ia most practicable."
and acts of injustice and oppression. This dis-
tinction, however, he treated matter of expedi-
ency and established practice. He assented.to the
doctrine laid down by the no&le lord who made
the motion for an address, and he said, if it were
the wise policy of England to lay down a rule that
she would enforce obligations of this character
with the same rigor as those of a different charac-
ter, she would have a full and'fair right, according
to the laws of nations, to do so. And he conclud-
ed by saying that England had not refrained from
taking the steps urged by his noble friend, because
she was il afraid of these states, or all of them put
together;" that it was not to be supposed the Brit-
ish Parliament, or the British nation, would long
remain patient under the wrong, and that they had
ample power and means to obtain justice.
I pass over the doctrines put forth in the speech
of Lord George Bentinck,and sanctioned by Lord
Palmerston, though I believe it not perfectly clear
that they can be maintained to the full extent, by
an appeal to any well established principles of in-
ternational law. You know, sir, that we have-
sometimes found British statesmen, even those
holding places nearest to the throne, at fault, both
in respect to matters of principle and matters of
fact, though it is certainly but justice to concede
to them the possession of more enlarged views of
policy, combined with greater practical talent and
tact, than is often to be""found in the councils of
European sovereigns. I pass over also an offen-
sive allusion to the failure of two or three of the
States of this Union to pay their debts, "as a
stain upon the national character," (I use his own
language,) when it is well known that the suspen-
sion of payment was temporary, and from over-
ruling necessity; that in most instances resump-
tion has taken place; and that, in all, the most
earnest efforts have been made to resume the dis-
charge of their obligations. This imputation was
cast upon us at the moment when our people, with
one heart, were sending abroad their agricultural
surplus to feed the famished population of Ire-
land, not merely in the way of commercial ex-
change, but in the form of donations, in ship-loads,
public and private. And so far as the commercial
portion is concerned, 1 believe our merchants have
for months been draining our banks of specie, to
send abroad to meet their own pecuniary obliga-
tions, while for a time at least they were unable to
draw on their debtors in England for the proceeds of
the breadstuffs by which her subjects had been fed.
But I pass by all this,tind comc to the important
fact that Mexico was among the indebted foreign
States enumerated in a report, on which the mo-
tion of Lord George Bentinck was founded. What
is the extent of her indebtedness I do not know,
but I understand about seventy millions of dollars
—and I believe it was but recently that the public
domain in California was mortgaged to the credit-
ors for a portion of this amount, though the lien
is now said to be discharged.
I appeal to honorable Senators to say, with
these facts before them—with this public and offi-
cial assertion of a principle, which, according to
Lord Palmerston, the British government has bnly
abstained from practically enforcing through* mere
considerations of policy—whether, if our forces
were withdrawn from Mexico, and that country
should become a prey to the anarchy and confusion
which has reigned there so long, and which, if
renewed, would in all probability become univer-
sal and hopeless—whether, I say, there would not
be a temptation too strong to be resisted to reduce
the principle thus proclaimed to practice ? whether
some portion of the Mexican territory might not
be occupied as a guarantee for the payment of the
debt due to British subjects,-and thus another prin-
ciple be violated, wliich we are committed to^
maintain? I do not mean to say that this consid-
eration, if it stood alone, should absolutely con-
trol our conduct. But as auxiliary to the graver
considerations to which I have referred, it appears
to me that it may properly be allowed some weight
—enough, sir, perhaps, to turn the scale, if it were
already balanced—though, 1 think, there is suffi-
cient without it to incline us decisively to the side
of continued occupation.
Besides, British subjects have other extensive
pecuniary interests in Mexico: they have large
commercial establishments and heavy investments
of capital in the mining districts. If the political
affairs of that country should fall into inextricable
confusion, it is not to be supposed that these great
