THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
^ 30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1,1848.
New Series No. 17.
thus far has been stained by no such companion-
ship with evil. Our conquests have been the peace-
ful achievements of enterprise and industry—the
one leading the way into the wilderness, the other
following and completing the acquisition by the
•formal symbols of occupancy and possession.
They have looked to no objects beyond the con-
version of uninhabited wilds' into abodes of civili-
zation and freedom. Their only arms were the
axe and the ploughshare. The accumulations of
wealth they have brought were all extracted from the
bosom of the earth by theunoffending hand of labor.
If, in the progress of our people westward, th ey shall
occupy territories not our own, but to becomc ours
by amicable arrangements with the governments
to which they belong, which of the nations of the
earth shall venture to stand forth, in the face of
the civilized world, and call on us to pause in this
great work of human improvement* It is as much
the interest of Europe as it is ours, that we should
be permitted to follow undisturbed the path which,
in the allotment of national fortunes, we seem ap-
pointed to tread. Our country has long been a
refuge for those who desire a larger liberty than
they enjoy under their own rulers. It is an outlet
for the political disaffection of the Old World—
for social elements which might there have bo-
come sources of agitation, but which arc here si-
lently and tranquilly incorporated into our system,
ceasing to be principles of disturbance as they at-
tain the greater freedom, which was the object of
their separation from less congenial combinations
in other quarters of the globe. .Nay, more: it is
into the vast reservoir of the western wilderness,
teeming with fruitfulness and fertility, that. Europe
is constantly poming, under our protection, her
human surplusses, unable to draw from her own
bosom the elements of their support and* repro-
duction. She is literally going along with us in
our march to prosperity and power, to share with
us its triumphs and its fruits. Happily, this con-
tinent is not a legitimate theatre for the politi-
cal arrangements of the sovereigns of the eastern
hemisphere. Their armies may range, undis-
turbed by us, over the plains of Europe, Asia,
and Africa, dethroning monarchs, partitioning
kingdoms, and subverting republics, as interest or
caprice may dictate. Rut political justice demands
that in one quarter of the glob** self-government,
freedom, the arts of peace, shall be permitted to
work out, unmolested, the great purposes of hu-
man civilization.
Mr. President,' I trust there will be nothing in
the final adjustment of our difficulties with Mexico
to impair, in any degree, the moral of our example
in the past. Our course, heretofore, has been one
of perpetual exertion to bring about an amicable
arrangement with her. I trust we shall persevere
in the same course of conduct, whatever unwilling-
ness she may exhibit to come to terms. Enter-
taining the opinions which I have expressed, I
naturally feel a deep solicitude, as an American
citizen, that our public conduct should comport
with the dignity of the part we seem destined to
perform in the great drama of international politics,
t desire to see our good name unsullied, and (he
c.haiacU:r we have gained for moderation, justicc,
and scrupulousness in the discharge of our na-
tional obligations, maintained unimpaired. In
those, let us be assured, our great strength consists;
for it is these which make us strong in the opinion
of mankind.
In what I have said concerning the progress of
our people over the unpopulated regions west of
us, and m respect to our responsibilities as a nation,
I trust I shall have incurred no imputation of in-
consistency. On the contrary, I trust I shall be
considered consistent in all I have said. I regard
our extension, as I have endeavoured to fore-
shadow* it, to be the inevitable result of causes, the
operation of which it is not in our power to arrest.
At the same time, I hold it to be our sacred duty
to sec that it is-not encouraged or promoted by
improper means. While I should consider it the
part of weakness to shrink from extension, under
the apprehension that it might bring with it the
elements of discord and disunion, our political
17
boundaries are enlarged, I should hold it to be the
part of folly and dishonor to attempt to accelerate it
by agencies"incompatible with our obligations to
other nations. It is the dictate of wisdom and of
duty to submit ourselves to the operation of the
great causes which are at work, and which will
work on in spite of us, in carrying civilization and
freedom across the American continent.
In advocating a continued occupation of the
cities and territory we have acquired in Mexico,
until she shall assent to reasonable terms of peace,
I trust also that I shall be deemed consistent with
myself. Deprecating war as the greatest of ca-
lamities, especially for us, I desire to see this war
brought to a close at the earliest practicable day.
I am In favor of whatever measures are most likely
to accomplish this desirable end. I am opposed
to an abandonment of our position:
1st. Because I believe it would open a field of do-
mestic dissension in Mexico, which might be fatal
to her existence as an independent state or lyiake
her take refuge in tFie arms of despotism;
2d. Because it might lead to external interference
in her affairs of the most dangerous tendency both
to her and us; and
3d. Bccausc I fear that we should only gain a
temporary suspension of hostilities, to be renewed
under great disadvantages to us, and with every
prospect of a longer and more sanguinary con-
test.
Mr. President, it is this last consideration, which
weighs most heavily upon my own mind. I hold
it to be indispensable to the public welfare, under
all its aspects, that wo should have, at the termi-
nation of this contest, a solid and stable peace.
Unpromising as the condition of things seems at
the present moment, my hope still is, that firmness
tempered with prudence, will give us, not a mere
outward pacification with secret irritation rankling
within, but. substantial concord and friendship,
which shall leave no wound unhealed. And, sir,
we should be satisfied with nothing short of an
accommodation of differences which will enable
the country with confidence to lay aside its armor,
and to resume the peaceful pursuits to which, by
the inexorable law of our condition, wc must look
for prosperity and safety.
My advice, then, (if I may presume to advise,)
is, to stand firm, holding ourselves ready at all
times to make a peace, and carrying into our nego-
tiations for that put pose a determination to cement
a future good understanding with our adversary,
by an adjustment of our differences on terms of
justice, moderation, and magnanimity.
Mr. Dix having concluded,
Mr. PHELPS indicated a wish to address the
Senate; but the hour being late,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 27, 184B.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
Mr. BOYDON rose and asked leave to make a-
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER stated that no remarks were in
order except by the general consent of the House.
No objection being made—
Mr. BOYDON proceeded to state, that he found
in the report of the "Union" of what took place
m the House yesterday, when the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Henley] was speaking, a statement
representing him (Mr. B.) as having said that he
never had heard the least complaint against the
appointments, by the Governor of North Carolina,
of the officers of the regiment raised in that State.
He did not complain, or insinuate that there was
any intention on the part of the reporters to mis-
leprescnt what he said. So far from that, he had
been surprised at the general accuracy with which
the reporters of the House were able to give what
was said here ; for, for his part, he could not hear
one-tenth of what was said in any portion of the
House. But he desired to correct the statement
in this particular: as it now stood, it left him in
the position of being totally ignorant of what had
been said in North Carolina on the subject, or of
wilfully misrepresenting the facts.
What he intended to say, and what he supposed
he did say, was, that he thought at this time there
was no dissatisfaction at the appointments made,
except among a few Democrats—a small portion
of the Democratic party—at this time; and he said
! i this, because there had recently been published a
ij communication of Gefteral Taylor, speaking in the
i j very highest terms of our (North Carolina's) offi-
;j cers, and also a letter from General Wool to Mr.
j Badger, one of the Senators from that State, in
j which he spoke in terms of the most exalted com-
j mendation of the soldiers, and especially of the
| officers, of the North Carolina regiment; and he
| supposed, from these publications, and from the
S publications of several Democratic soldiers in that
kregiment, that everybody was now satisfied. But
he was free to say that the complaints had been loud
and bitter among the Democratic party throughout
the vState: and by no means did he wish to he un-
derstood as having denied his knowledge of that
fact.
While on the floor, he should like to correct one
j statement of the gentWimn from Indiana, [Mr.
' Hr.ni.ev,] in which he charged the Governor of
i North Carolina with refusing to give the appoint-
ment of the officers to the soldiers in that regiment.
:' So far from that being the fact, the Legislature of
i North Carolina, upon the recommendation of this
very Whig Governor, passed an act to its final
i reading, giving the appointment of these very offi-
r cers to the soldiers ; and on the motion of one of
js the leaders of the Democratic party, the passage
| of the bill was reconsidered, and the appointment
of these officeis was given to the Governor, on the
j ground that there was not time for the regiment to
organize and elect their own officers in time to be
ready to leave for the service ; but, at the same
time, that very Legislature passed a law giving
the appointment of the officers to the men in any
regiments that might hereafter be raised in that
State.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
'j Committee of Claims, reported bills for the iehef
!• of Archibald Bull and Lemuel S. Finch; for the
relief of B. O. Tayloe; for the relief of the legal
11 repre.srntatu es of Da v id Gardner, ofSouth borough,
'i Massachusetts ; and for the rdief of Mcdford Caf-
,, fey; which several bills were read and committed.
I Also, an adverse report on the petition of Wil-
li liam Darby. Laid on the table,
j! Mi. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, after having
I' made a few explanatory remarks, reported back
! to the House from the Committee of Claims the
| resolution which had been lecommitted to (hat
I committee some days since, authorizing the Cleik
j of the House to employ a suitable person to com-
j pile from the Journals of the House of Representa-
I tives, in alphabetical order, a list of all the private
' claims that have been presented to Congress, from
the fourteenth Congress to the twenty-ninth Con-
gress, inclusive, showing the action of Congress
thereon, whether partial or full, the nature and
object of each claim, (tc.
After some debate, participated in by Messrs.
EVANS of Maiyland, ROCKWELL' of Con-
necticut, ROCKWELL of Massachusetts, and
SMITH of Illinois-
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved that the whole
subject be referred to the Committee on Accounts,
with instructions to call Mr. Simon Brown and Mr.
James Young before them, with a view to ascer-
tain and report to this House the probable cost of
the work.
I The debate was resumed, and continued by
j; Messrs. POLLOCK, ROCKWELL of Connecti-
;l cut, and COBB of Georgia.
' | Mr. COBB then moved to lay the subjcct on the
table. Decided in the negative: Ayes 67, noes_80.
After some general remarks by Mr. 1-IElNLilA
and Mr. HOUSTON,5 of Delaware—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the mam ques-
tion ordered.
