258
THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, again moved to lay the \
resolution on the tab!e; on which motion he also
asked the yeas and nays, which were taken, and
resulted as follows: Yeas 86, nays 97.
The House refusing to lay the vesolution on the
table—
The question was put on the first amendment
reported by the committee, to the resolution, viz;
in lieu of the words 44 some suitable person," in-
sert the name of " James Young, of Washington;"
and it was agreed to.
The question was new put on the second amend-
ment, viz: add at the end of the resolution the fol-
lowing: "And that the Clerk of the House furnish
such aid by the clerks in his office as may not be
inconsistent with the discharge of their ordinary
duties;" and. this amendment was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr, SMITH, of Indiana, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Joseph R. Ixger-
soi.l, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the annual message of the
President of the United Slates, and of the resolu-
tions referring1 the same to appropriate commit-
tees.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, who was enti-
tled to the floor from yesterday evening, addressed
the committee during the allotted hour.
He did not know (he said) that he should have
felt himself at all called upon to address the com-
mittee upon the several subjects towards which its
attention had been directed for the last week or
ten days, if it were not that he felt a kind of neces-
sity for doing what he had never before done in
his life—that was, to define his position. About
four weeksago, he was represented bya newspaper
in New York as having made a speech of some
hour's length upon this floor, advocating the entire
conquest and subjugation of Mexico. On the day be-
fore yesterday, he wasrepiesented by the 4' Union"
of this city as having made another speech justifying
the entire course of policy pursued by the present
Administration in the origin, prosecution, and ob-
jects of the war with Mexico. For fear, theiefore,
that somebody should suppose he might possibly
have made a speech of this kind, he deemed it expe-
dient to take this opportunity to declare what were
the sentiments he really entertained upon this
question; and he thought he, should convince gen-
tlemen before he got through that he had never
made the one or the other of those speeches.
His chief purpose in now rising \vas to notice 1
several of the positions taken by gentlemen upon
the other side of this chamber—positions which he
thought they had taken with great care and great
reflection, with a view to defend the Administra-
tion, not only in the origin, but in the progress of
this war; and more especially to notice some of
the remaikable features which he found in the
speech made several days ago by the gentleman
from Maryland, from the Baltimore district, [Mr.
McLaxe | lie did not nesjtate to characterize
this as a remarkable speech, not only because it
was delivered on this floor with gieat ingenuity,
with groat power, and with great eloquence, but
becau.se it went a bow-shot—a hundred bow-
shots—beyond all the speeches which had been
made on this floor in the assumption of positions
which he (Mr. T.) considered to be erronr-ous,
and which not only did injustice to the Congress
of the United States and the people of the United
States, bat marufesr, marked injustice to the dis-
tinguished commander of our army, Genera! Tay-
lor. The gentleman, in hi^ conception, had entirely
mistaken the great questions of histoiy whieh
were imolve,! in the or,gin and prosecution of the
war, and had made these questions, thus misstated
by him, ^unserve what he thought he should be
able 'o show were exclusively and entirely the
party purposes of this Administration.
The gentleman's speech, as originally written out
by hun-v If, he presumed, and "published m the
^ Um contained the assumption—in order to
justny fue Pi'^-wjo-it or the United States in the
issuance of the order of 13th January, 3846, for
the nro'ch of the army to the valley of the Rio
Grande—that {lie President, in his message of
December, l£_4o, had communicated to Congress
the fact that General Taylor had been ordered to
march the army to the valley of the Rio Grande.
[Mr. T. read this passage of Mr. McLaxe's
speech.] Now, he had carefully looked into the
history of this thing; he had examined all the pub-
lic documents upon which he could lay his hands,
and nowhere did he find, from the beginning to the
end of all the communications which had emana-
ted from the President of the United States in De-
cember, 1845, or prior to that time, the declaration
that General Taylor had been ordered to march
the troops under his command to the Rio Grande.
There was no such message, no such document to
be found, no such political fact recorded in the
history of the country. The President of the Uni-
ted States did communicate to Congress, in Decem-
ber, 1845, that he had assigned General Taylor to
the command of the army,and that his position was
to be taken between the Neuces and the Rio Grande;
but not that he was to march to the Rio Grande.
The Secretary ofWar, at the commencement of that
session, communicated to Congress intelligence of
the fact that General Taylor had been assigned to
the command of the country between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande, with the u ultimate destination"
to the Rio Grande, with apuipose of ultimately
occupying the valley of the.Rio Grande; but no-
where, either in the message of the President, or
in the report of the Secretary of War, was there
any communication made to Congress that Gener-
al Taylor was assigned to the command of the
army, and ordered to march to*the Rio Grande.
But, m the published speech of the gentleman in
pamphlet form, he found a much greater mistake
upon this subject. It was there declared that the
President, in December, 1845, gave notice to Con-
gress that General Taylorhad been assigned to the
defence of the country '• west of the Rio Grande."
Mr. McLANE explained that this was a mis-
print. It should have been "west to the Rio
Grande." He requested the gentleman from In-
diana to read from the document which he handed
him.
Mr. THOMPSON read as follows from the
President's message of 31st December, 1845:
"Otirarim \v;u otdered to take portion in the country
lift^ven the Nueces* and the Dei \oite. and toiepelany
invasion of the Texan tenitoiy winch might be attempted
by the Mexican force.-.
Also, the following from the despatch of Mr.
Bancroft, of June 15, 1845, to General Taylor:
The p'ont of jour ultimate destination is the western
frontier of Trxai, where von will ^.'lecr ;in<i occupy, on m
near the Rio Giaudo del Xorte, such a -it," as wili eon-z?t
wirh th,-* Jicaitli or the troops, a-id v/iJJ be be-t adapter! to
i.'pel i/i'. ^!on, to pi ot.'f t vh;if, ui the event oj um.ca a-
twn, uill he our western bonier.*1
Mr. THOMPSON (continuing) said, neither of
the positions was true, so far as the history of
the country was concerned. There wa« no such
order issued to General Taylor, no such fact com-
municated to Congress. He was ordered to take
position between the. Nueces and the Rio Grande,
with the " ultimate" object of protecting the Rio
Grande valley; and the extracts now read, at the
request of the gentleman, proved this beyond con-
troversy, and proved nothing more. The last
extract was part of an order issued before annexa-
tion, and piovd nothing whatsoever m the pi esent
controversy—for under it General Taylor took po-
sition at Corpus Christi, and remained there many
months.
But the next position, erroneous, as he conceived
it to be, into winch the gentleman had fallen, was
the assumption, that by the art of Texas in the for-
^nation of her constitution, with which she was ad-
mitted into this Union, she adopted the statute of
the Republic of Texas of 1836 as a port of her
fundamental law; and that, by the admission of
Texas into the Union, aftei the resolutions of an-
nexation wore passed, with that constitution she
became, as a consequence, a part of this Union, to
the extent of boundaries laid down in that statut .
He understood that the gentleman from Maryland
assumed, first, that the constitution of Te\>s de-
fined her boundary line; then, that he changed his
position, when the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Kauk.max] came to his aid, and assumed that the
Congress of Texas, having m 18.36, affirmed the
Rio Grande lo be the western boundary, the con-
stitution recognized and continued that Jaw, and
hence, that she was admitted into the Union
with that boundary. Let them look into the his-
tory o£ that question. If Texas had the right to
pass thit act, and thereby acquired the boundary
claimed by it, and if the Congress of the United
States did adopt that claim, of course there would
be no question about it. But if Texas had no
right to pass that law; if she acquired no title by
it, then the whole claim set up by the President in
behalf of the United Stales, and in his own defence
founded upon it, fell to the ground.
Now, the boundary of Texas before her revolt
against Mexico was just as well defined as is the
boundary between the District of Columbia and
Maryland and Virginia. Originally the territory of
Texas constituted a very small portion of what she
afterwards possessed. Having been constituted a
State, with Coahuila, of the Mexican Confedercy,
the boundary between Texas and Coahuila, and
Tamaulipas, and which, as he had before said, was .
clearly known, was the Nueces. How, then, did
she acquire boundary beyond that river? The
gentleman admitted that the Texas which revolu-
tionized was theTexas which was admitted. Then,
she acquired no title but by rev olutson—no title that
she had not maintained bv the sword; nnd if she
had maintained title to the Rio Grande by the
sword, why, then, the Government of the United
States would be compelled to ieco<_ trze that title.
But Texas never did, never has, and never v, ould,
except as aided by the power of tiie United States,
maintain title by the sword to one foot beyond San
Patricio county. The Nueces was the geographi-
cal division between her and Tamaulipas, and San
Patricio was her western county, extending to the
Nueces; but Texas, after her revolution, extended
that county a short distance beyond the west bank
of the Nueces, so as to take in Corpus Christi.
Texas passed an act by her Concuss, in 1836,
predicated on the right which she churned to have
acquired under her compact or agreement with
Santa Anna. That compact or agieement gave
her no power, no right, with refeience to bound-
ary. It was an agieement which, as was shown
by the gentleman fiom Connecticut, [Mr. Dixox,]
the other day, General Jackson repudiated—re-
fused to recognize as of any binding validity upon
anybody. What right, then, did Texas acquire
under it? Why, by virtue of the constitution of
Mexico of 1824, Santa Anna had no power to
make a treaty; he was not the acting President of
Mexico. It was true, if he had been at home, in
the city of Mexico, he would have been; but the
constitution of 1824 prescribed that whenever the
President of the Republic of Mexico was in the
field commanding her armies, the We President
should perform the funct'ons of P; t sejent. When
m the field, he was nothing but a military com-
mander; his functions a3 Piesidciif had ceased;
and as military commander he had no right to
make an agreement, except one personal to him-
self. He did make such an agreement while a
prisoner of war, in the hands of the Texans, for
the purpose of regaining his liberty, having no
reference whatever to permanent boundary, and
which would have been utterly nugatory if it had
had. There was no right acquired by Texas on
the subject of boundary m consequence of that
agreement. Butif there had been, itwas predicated
on the idea that the agreement should aftCEWruds
be ratified—be made into a treaty by commis-
sioners to be appointed on the part of Texas, who
should meet commi.ssioneis on the part of Mexico,
in the city ofJtrriro. No commissioneis were ap-
pointed on either side. But Texas, of her own
will, passed the law of lb36, defining her bound-
ary Imc to be the Rio Grande. She had no right
to do it. It was an act of usurpation—the usuina-
tion of territory over which she had acquired no
control by revolution, by this compact, or by
treaty.
Then, if the act of 1806 was not passed by au-
thoiity on the part of Texas, if she acquiied no
right by it, how could we have acquired a right by
it, even though we had adopted it' Unquestion-
ably we could acquire none. But, in point of fact,
we did not recognize the act of 1^6 as being- ob-
ligatoiy upon us by the terms of Annexation.
Everybody knew that the cause of (he rejection of
the Tyler treaty was, that it proposed to annex
Texas, to the Rio Grande, to the United States.
The gentleman shook his head. Mr. T. referred
him to the course of debate on that question; to the
resolutions introduced by the distinguished Sena-
tors who opposed that treaty, and lie would theie
see that one of the prime causes of opposition to it
was, that it proposed to annex a pai t of Mexico.
By many of the distinguished men of the gentle-
man's own pm'iy it was opposed on that very
ground. The terms of annexation, as provided in
the joint resolution, were so shaped as to avoid the
difficulty which had been encountered m the annex-
