260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
the marching of the army to the Rio Grande.
General Taylor never did positively recommend it;
he wrote hypolhelically when he wrote on the sub-
ject, asid great injustice was done to that distin-
guished man, who had braved all the dangers of
the camp and the field to bring the war to an hon-
orable termination, by a charge that he had inter-
fered with the political policy of the Government.
Mr. McLANE desired the gentleman from In-
diana to read an extract from General Taylor's
correspondence which he handed to him, to settle
the question of fact.
Mr. THOMPSON complied with the request of
the gentleman from Maryland, and read from Gen-
eral Taylor's letter o.f November 7,1845,as follows:
" The position now occiipicd by the troopa may perhaps
be the best while negotiations are pending; <it any iate,
until a disposition sl'iil be manifested by Mexico to protract
thorn unreasonably." *--**■
" On the hypothesis of an early adjustment of the bound-
ary, and the convenient establishment of permanent itosi-
tier posts, I cannot urge too thoroughly upon the department
the necp^ity of occupying those posts before the vv'irm
weather shail set jji."
Mr. THOMPSON then asked what this amount-
ed to? It was hypothetical merely. General Tay-
lor had been informed, both by .Mr. Bancroft and
Mr. Marcy, that his ultimate destination was the
Rio Grande; and on the hypothesis that the army
was destined by the Government to occupy that
territory, he wrote that if it were to be don**, for
certain reasons, it was better that it should be
done at once. But as a political recommendation
to this Government, General Taylor never did
make the recommendation that our army should
be marched to the valley of the Rio Grande. He
(Mr. T.) could not consent that such an impres-
sion should be sought to be made without de-
nial; which denial he now made, and would not
rctract, without evidence greatly more than he had
seen.
Mr. T. read sundry extracts from the same let-
ter, and said that there was no difference of opinion
as to what that letter contained. He repeated that
General Taylor's recommendation was hypotheti-
cal—only conditional upon the fact that the Gov-
ernment intended to pursue the policy whirh had
br-en already indicated to him by the Secretaries of
War and the 'Navy.
He then proceeded to say that they had been
told by gentlemen on this door, that the refusal of j
the ivlexican Government to receive Mr. Slide!!, j
justified the movement. There was something j
exceedingly singular in that part of the history of |.
our country. If he undeistood it, it was this:
Our Government learned, through Mr. Black, our
consul, that the Mexican Government would re-
ceive, not an envoy extraordinary, but a com-
missioner. Such a commissioner never was sent;
but an envoy extraordinary was sent. That min-
ister was M *. Slid ell, who went to Mexico and
presented his credentials. He was not received
by the administration of Herrera. The lefusal
to receive him was communicated to this Govern-
ment in a letter of the date of the 27th December,
which was not received here until the 53d Janu-
ary—ten days a^tec the issuance of the order
of the 13th January'to General Taylor. In the
mean tune, this Government had given orders for
marching our troops to the Rio Grande, and had
sent our navy to Vera Cruz. He had heard it said
by gentlemen that this question was not susceptible
of debate, for that Herrera and Paredes had both
rejected Mr. Slidell. Now, hefound in the "Union'
of February 10, 1846, this paiagraph:
Mr. T. read from the Union newspaper of the
date quoted, a paragraph setting forth that Mr.
Slidell had not met with the slightest insult, but
was received into society as an elegant and accom-
plished gentleman. Theparagraph further stated,
that he had not been received, neither had they
dt-clined to receive him; and that, judging from ap-
pearances, there was no reason to believe that he
would not be as ac'eplahle to the Government of Paredes
as lo that cf Herrera. That (said Air. T.) was
long after the oidcrs had been issued to General
Taylor. If they would look at the letter written
bv Mr. Slideil to the President of the United
States, of ! he date of the 14th January, one day
. after the issuance of the order to General Taylor—
that fata! order, which had plunged this country
into war—they would find that Mr. Slide!] said
himself that Paredes was a gentleman, and had
received him as a <?entleman. Yet they wore told
by gentlemen on this floor, and by the President
himself, and by his whole party, that Mr. Slidell j
was rejected by the Mexican Government, and I
that the order was issued in consequence thereof. J
Now, there was nothing in the history of this trans- j
action to sustain that assertion—for it is a mere j
assertion. On the contrary, he believed this Ad- !
ministration did not desire'that Mr. Slidell should
be received; for they had, as it seemed to him,
deliberately resolved to plunge the country into
war; and hence it was that this House could not
get the President to give them the instructions to
Mr. Slidell. And if any one was honest enough
and bold enough to call upon the President to give
them information in relation to the origin of this
war, he was "giving aid and comfort to the ene-
my." Such was the language used on the other
side of the House towards gentlemen on this, as
if that oft-repeated and stereotyped phrase could
now be dignified by repetition in this Hall.
They were told at the beginning of the war that
we were fighting Mexico because she owes us
debts and would not pay them. He feared, if this
were so, that some of the States of this Union would
be exposed to the danger of a war. The gentlemen
from Mississippi and himself and colleagues, per-
haps, might get into a sciape, as well as some on
this side "the mountains, if it were so. And even
the gentleman from Maryland might not escape.
According to his argument, if Great Britain should
declare war because some of our States did not
pay their debts, the war would be just on her
part, and unjust on ours. But this was all a
mere pretence. The truth was, the Administra-
tion was determined to bring on the war, and to do
it, they sent Mr. Slidell to Mexico, with the de-
termination that he should be rejected. At the
same time, a fleet was placed in the Gulf, and the
army prepared for marching to the Rio Grande.
If they would look at the reasons for the ultimate
rejection of Mr. Slidell, it would be seen that they
were assigned bv Paredes to be that the army was
marching into Mexico on the north, while the navy
was ready to blockade the Mexican ports on the
Gulf. It"was not to be expected that Mexico
should treat under such circumstances, it was
contrary to the Mexican character that they should
be forccd to negotiate, and the President knew it.
And Paredes did notii/iproperly judge the Admin-
istration; for, v hile a pretended paoi£ a tor wa?
sent by our Government to Mexico, provision had
already been made for moving our ai my to the
Mexican frontier, and pi act 'g our navy in her
ports; which the President must have known
would cause the Spanish spirit to rebel. In ''an-
ticipation" of the rejection of ?vlr. Slide!!, it was
said the order was given. Yes; it was designed
that it should be so; and in anticipation of the de-
sired result, General Taylor was sent to the Rio
Grande. Thus the ball was opened. Then came
that famous act, with a falsehood on its face, de-
claring that war existed by the act of Mexico, by
| which the minority here were placed in the posi-
' tion cither to refuse supplies, or to swallow that
I false''■preamble.'' Under the power which the
I rules gave them, the majority forced it down. "But
' if the fact were as the preamble asserted, what oc-
| casion was there for the preamble at all; No such
j preamble was adopted in 1812. Then they were
' content with a simple declaration of war, with-
! out a preamble. But when tins act of Congress
| was passed, under the pretence that General Tay-
1 lor renuired more men, what did the President
! do ? Why, instead of going to the defence of Gen-
! eral Tavlor, he organized a portion of the forces
j placed at his disposal and sent them to New Mex-
■ ico and California, to make conquest of those coun-
| tries, in violation of the spirit of the Constitution
j and of the letter of the law.
: He sent forces there with instructions to estab-
lish civil governments, when he had only power to
hold them, even after conquest, by military govern-
ment. The result was the beautiful state of things
in both New Mexico and California which now
exists. The oath of allegiance to this Govern-
ment was directed to be administered to the inhab-
itants of those countries; and, in case of refusal, they
were to be treated as traitors and hung. Legislatures
were to be organized, officers both appointed and
elected, and the people directed to vote on the ques-
tion of annexation to the United States ! And this
voting:,too, be it borne in mind, was to be had un-
der fear of being charged with treason if they re-
fused obedience to the laws thus imposed on them
by the sword. If they should now ask for admis-
sion into this Union under these circumstances,
we should doubtless be told that ihey were exceed-
ingly anxious to he annexed, when the whole, in
point of fact, was done by the power of the sword
—that stern aibitei, which has settled the fate and
destiny of millions before.
This was the same power with which Tamerlane
overrun the countries of the East—by which, as
history proved, so many other portions of the
globe have been subdued and desolated. It was the
power of the purse and the sword now doing that
which,under institutions such as ours,was confided
alone to the people—a power, too, which was exer-
cised in the name of Democracy, but which was
used as a deadly stab at the vitals of the nation. So
far as the question of power was concerned, he did
not care whether Mr. Sliuell was or wis not reject-
ed by the Mexican Government. The President
of the United Stales was equally guilty of a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the, United States
when he issued the order of the ,13th of January,
whether Mr. Slidell was or was not rejected. Mr,
Buchanan, the Secretary of State, pointed ( out,
I in his letter to Mr. Slidell, the course whicn the
i Executive ought to have pursued. He said, if
i Mr. Slidell was finally.rejected, he should report
| that fact to the President, and it would be his duty
\ to lay it before Congress. But did he do it? The
' Representatives of the people were then sitting in
i this Hall—here was the war-making power of the
| Union—iieie, by their Representatives, were the
1 people of this country, in whose hands alone were
■these great issues placed by the Constitution.
, Why, then, did not the President pursue the
: course pointed out by the Secretary of State, oy
the Constitution, and 'by the past practice of the
Government? It did not answer his designs to do
so. It would not have comported with those secret
purposes to which he hau already referred. Fie
believed as sincerely as he believed that we were
all ultimately responsible to a God of justice,
that if the people of this Union had not been cun-
ningly, cautiously, and most studiously decened
by the annexation party, they never would have
consented to annex Texas. It had brought a train
of calamities along with it, from the effects of
which we may never recover. And now when
these calamities were coming fast upon us, when
the storm was gathering over our heads, we were
told here in Congress—he heard the nr^ument this
morning—that they must look rarefidly to all ex-
penditures from the Federal treasury, that toe
Administration might_ have more money to carry
on the war. Everything connected with the home
department of this Government was to be treated
with neglect—their rivers were to be unimproved,
their harbors unprovided for, the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government retrenched, the resources
I of the country undeveloped, the industrial pursuits
! of the people neglected, and everything that tended
| to a nation's wealth and prosperity abandoned,
! that millions on millions of money might be ex-
i pended on a war begun and prosecuted under the
; pretence—to use the language of the gentleman
j from Pvfaryland—that it was our duty to give moral
j and religious institutions to the Mexicans ! And
; what were the moral and religious institutions
i which Gentlemen were so solicitous to ghe toMex-
| ico? With regard to the " moral" institutions we
j were giving uf Mexico, he saw an article in this
j morning's Union, which would perhaps afford
I some light respecting them.
MrT. lead the paragraph referred to, which
stated that licenses had been issued fav three gomiyig-
' houses in the city of Mexico, at the rate of live
hundred dollars a month. A most admirable de-
. vice to improve the morals of the Mexican people!
He had always thought that the Democratic party
h.-id been ever opposed to monopolies; but here
they were giving a monopoly to Mexican gam-
bling-shops, under pretence that it was to levy
contributions for the support of the army 1
Having but a minute left, he would not attempt
to puisne the subject further, but take occasion
some other time to do so.
Mr. RHETT next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee. jA full report of Mr. R. s
speech, revised by himself, will bo found in the
■ Appendix.]
Mr. R. havimr concluded—
Mr. GOGGIN obtained the floor;
Whereupon the committee rose and reported
i progress;
And the House adjourned.
