262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
allowed a clerk, the other committees would, in all
probability, also he eventually supplied with clerks.
Jr appeared to him Chat the necessity of the case j
was not such as to justify the appointment of this 1
clerk, and therefore he must oppose the resoiu- [
tion. 1
Mr. CAMERON thought that the Senator from ;
Delaware mast have forgotten that this was a new 1
committee, acting under the new arrangement for
the public printing, the entire supervision of which ■
devolved on them. Already there were greatcom- |
plaiots about the manner in which the work had ,
b^en executed. If the Senate thought proper to j
refuse the clerk, he paid that he would be obliged
to decline serving on the committee.
Mr. CLAYTON suggested that the resolution
might be allowed to lie over informally till an op- 1
portunity had been afforded for farther investiga-
tion of trie subject. If now driven to a vote, he
must vote against the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON said that he preferred a divi-
sion on the question now.
The question was then put, and on a division—
twenty voting m the aliirmative, noes not counted—
the resolution was adopted.
JESSE E. DOVr.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Dickinson on the 1
20th instant, and it was agreed to:
Rcso'ved, Tlist Jesse E Dow l>e admitted to n «.eat >n ;
the rcpoiter's gallery, from which he was excluded by an
order of the Senate of 16Ui March, 184G.
THE PUBLIC PRtKTIKG. - i
The Senate proceeded to consider the following i
resolution, submitted by Mr. Asiiley on the 19th
instant; which was modified by the mover so as to
read as follows:
Rou'rctfy That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire mi<>, and report to the Sennt", the itmimei in
wh cu the pm,tn:g of the Seuat" i;a> her: p. executed; whether
it ha-? fv.en done m coiifor.mtv witii the teuns- of the con-
trail-, cilher «;s to the qu<mt\ of the r>ip.*r <uid •-'v/Ai of the
jnge« fnnn-shet', nr the matim r m wh'ch the p>!nmu has
been done j also, that they inquire and repc.it whether the
document'- printed and <h*rrii> itc<! hv the printed to Con-
grc-> aic correctly j/iinted f.om the origin,d-> -sent to then
otfiew.
Mr. DICKINSON cskeu whether the law on
the subject of the public ni intmg cnukl be strength-
ened by the passage of any i evolution ' The law ■
required that the Committee on Printing should
perform the very duty which this resolution pie- 1
scribed, ana therefore it appealed to him that this
resolution was altogether unnecessary.
Mr. ASHLEY" remarked that he had received ;
an auonymous communication, pointing out up- !
wards of twenty mistakes in two pages of the j
document containing the President's message, j
Finding that the statement thus communicated !
to him was correct, he had felt it to be his duty to !
introduce the resolution. He did not, of course,
wish to deal at all unjustly or unkindly with the
contractors for the public printing, or indeed to
make any expos?* but only asked the committee to
inquire and report whether the work had been
properly executed. He hoped that the resolution
would be passi*:l.
Mr. CAMERON observed that he was not
present when the Senator fiom Arkansas rose,
but he would merely remark that the committee
had directed their attention to the subject to whi< h
that resolution refened. The committee had been
informed yesterdays by the contractor, that the
paper which had been used thus far was not of
the quality ordered by him; the parties with whom
he had made the contract for paper having failed
to fulfil their engagement. If the printer did not
amend in the course of the work, the committee
would introduce a proposition adapted to tiie case,
for the action of the Senate. They entertained
great hopes, hovvever, thai there would be an im-
provement m the execution of the work. He
would add, thar there should be allowances made
in this ease. The organization of so largo an
establishment, in which, he believed, no less than
one hundred and twenty persons were employed,
was an undertaking of considerable difficulty, and
it could haidly be expected that all the details
could be so completed at once as to ensure per-
fecfion in the work to be executed. As for linn- ■
self, he had not a very favorable opinion of the
new mode of executing the public printing, and
he had opposed rhe passage of the law authorizing
it to be done in this way. He was of opinion
that under the former system the woik would have ;
been done more economically, and in superior |
style; still it was proper that just allowances ,
should be made for the difficulties under which the ;
contractors labored, and that the best should be j
made of the new system. j
Mr. DICKINSON said that he had a very good i
opinion of the new mode of executing the public I
printing, and legarded the principle established by j
it as eminently just and proper. It had broken up \
the old corrupt system of monopoly, by which ;
large fortunes had been accumulated in a year or !
two out of the public purse. He behmed that it i
had thus far been eminently successful, though its
working1 was not entirely perfect. The Senator
from Arkansas had stated that he had received
complaints with regard to the execution of the
public printing, through an anonymous source.
jHe (Mr. D.) would not insinuate that business
competition had something to do with that com- ,
mutucation; but he would take the liberty of re- :
minding the Senator of the excellent suggestion
made by a member of the Irish Parliament, that |
eveiy anonymous author should be obliged to ;
subscribe his name to his work. As to typo- i
graphical errors, the documents printed under the
former svsfcm have not been exempt from them. :
If the new establishment, when once fully o^gan- !
i/ed, prove inadequate or inattentive, let it be dealt ;
with as severely as the bw requires. But he 1
hoped that at least, a fair trial would bo allowed ;
the new system; and he did not doubt tnat, under ;
the supervision of the committee charged with the ,
subject, a lair tiial would be given to it. j
Mr. NILES remarked, thai the joint committee I
appointed for the supervision of the public plant-
ing had no authority to pass the accounts of the |
contractors. It was the duty of the committee m
eaeh House to examine these accounts: und, as a ;
member of the Senate committee, he wished to ■
say, that unless the printing were executed sub- 1
stamiolly in conformity with the contracts—which :
it had not been thus far, as he had been informed— 1
the accounts of the contractors would not be parsed
by that committee. Formerly the printing had
been well executed—executed in good style, with
promptitude- that did not appear to be the case at
present. The whole subject, however, would
come under the supervision of the committee, !
whn=<e duty it was to audit the accounts of the
cont, actoi s.
Mr. ASHLEY said, he cerbin'y had not sup-
posed that his resolution would haveffiveu rise to ,
debate. The Senator from New York nad entirely '
misapprehended his remaik wth regard to the !
anonymous communication. He had not acted ;
on this communication; and it had only directed ;
his attention to the matter. On examination, he |
had found that pages 800 and 803 of the document
referred to were so marred by ^errors of the press
as to require translation into plain English in order
to be understood. It was discreditable to file such j
documents. The excuse which the contractors '
had offered relative to the quality of the paper .
they had used did not afford tuiy explanation of
these typographical errors. He did notknow any ;
of the parties who had contracted to do the work, :
and would not have moved in the matter, had not 1
ins attention been directed to it by the commum- >
cation to which he had referred, the alienations ■
in which he had ascertained to be correct. He j
found that not only in the quality of the paper, ,
but aiso in the size of the pa^e, there was a de-
parture from the terms of the contract. There -
was a diminution in the size of the pege to the 1
extent of ^e^en or eight ner cent. He hoped that I
the ievolution would he at once passed. ;
Mr. WE3TCOTT said that he believed he, had
reason to congratulate himself on the vote which ■
he gave when the proposition to have the public ,
printing executed by contract was first made. He
had protested against it then, and predicted that -
the very state of things now presented would oc-
cur early in the first session of Congress. But he i
was willing to lend his aid to any judicious move-
ment for separating the public printing from the !
public press, although opposed to the idea of i
huckstering it out to the lowest bidder, who would
execute it in a bungling manner, and delay it so
as to retard the public business. He was perfectly
satisfied that they never would have the public
prmnng properly executed until they had a pub-
lishing office under the control of Congress, sepa-
rated from the public press, and altogether free
from the inconvcniences of the paltry huckstering ,
system of giving it out by contract. He was
aware that tins system would incur the objection
that it would increase the patronage of Congress;
but he was prepared to show that it was the only
mode in which the public printing could be at once
economically and properly executed. With re-
gard to the present contractors, he did not blame
them. The documents annexed to the President's
message are this year exceedingly voluminous;
they were five times the size of those of former
years. It was utterly impossible for the contract-
ors to avoid delay in furnishing these documents.
If they had had a public printing office, they could
have had the work done at the end of the first
week of the session. But the contractors could
not have furnished it promptly without losing all
tiieir profits, and thiity or forty thousand dollars
besides. As it was, he believed they would lose
by their contract. He thought Congiess were as
much to blame as the contractors. It was quite
true that many errors of the press had occurred m
the documents: hut he would appeal to the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing—himself a
practical printer—whether these imperfections in
the work were not attributable to the circum-
stances under which it was executed. He did noi
see any necessity for the resolution. The con-
tractors themselves were much annoyed by the
difficulties m which they were placed, and Con-
gress certainly ought to treat them in a spirit of
liberality.
Mr. CAMERON remarked, that the Senator
from Arkansas had been appointed a member of
the Committee on Printing, but had not yet attend-
ed any of its meetings. The Committee would
have been very happy to haie had the opportunity
of availing themselves of his services. The reso-
lution, he repeated, could not do any good ; the
committee were already acting in the matter. He
thought it was reasonable that the contractors
should be allowed a few days to complete their
arrangements. It was true, the work had thus
far been imperfectly executed. But there were
two sides to the question •, as had been remarked,
the documents were this year very voluminous.
The President's message and accompanying docu-
ments amounted to seventeen hundred pages*
whilst hilheito they had not exceeded eight hun-
dred page^. Besides, there appeared to be a com-
bination m the District against the contractors.
Everybody connected with printing m the city/
stemed to have, in some decree, combined against
them. The contractors, therefore, had a right to
some sympathy: still he was for keeping them to
their contract, although he believed the price to be
too low. Common kindness required that thry
should deal liberally with the contractors, and a;
least give them the opportunity of making such
arrangements as would enable them to execute the
work hereafter more perfectly than it had been
done.
i\1r. ASHLEY explained that he had been
appointed on the committee without his knowl-
edge, and after the introduction of his resolution.
He still insisted on the passage of the resolu-
tion, which, he remarked, went further than the
la w.
Mr. TURNEY said that he was at a loss to un-
derstand the remarks which had been urged in
extenuation of the manner in which the public
printing had been executed. It was admitted on
all hands that the work had not been properly
executed, but it was alleged that the contractors
had been placed m circumstances of great difficulty
and embarrassment. "Well, certainly they had
been placed in that situation by their own act, and
he could not see with what propriety that could be
presented as an excuse for their tailuic to comply
with rhe terms of the contract. He hoped that the
lesolution would be adopted.
Mr. CASS suggested, that as the hour for taking
up rhe special order had already [Kissed, this reso-
lution should be passed over.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Walker, his Secretary,
announcing that he had approved and signed, on
the 26rh instant," An act couceming certain collec-
tion districts, and for other purposes; and " An act
to provide clothing for volunteers in the service ot
the United States."
