1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
and thirteen millions of dollars, in addition to a
million appropriated early in the session, to supply
the deficiency in the appropriations of the last ses-
sion of Congress for the expenses of the now cur-
rent fiscal year. The House would, therefore, see
the necessity of prompt action upon it, as seven
months of the year had already passed away.
The Committee of Ways and Means had been
prevented from reporting this bill at an earlier day
by circumstances not under its own control. It
will be recollected, that at the beginning of the ses-
sion a million of dollars was appropriated to meet
the immediate wants of the department until the
residue of the deficiency could be inquired into.
On looking into the estimates, it was found that
the Paymaster General had reported to the Secre-
tary of War, at the commencement of the session,
that he could not estimate for the deficiency in his
department till he received further returns from
Mexico. About four weeks ago, the Secretary of
War transmitted to the committee the Paymaster's
estimate of the deficiency in that branch of the ser-
vice, amounting to three million seven hundred
and seventy-one thousand dollars. It was laid be-
fore the committee the day after its receipt; but as
it was not accompanied by a detailed statement of
the items, the committee directed him to write to
the Secretary of War for such a statement, both
from the Paymaster and Quartermaster's Depart-
ments. He believed every diligence and effort had
been used by the department to comply with the
call of the committee at as early a day as practica-
ble, but it was not till within the present week that
the information had been received by the com-
mittee.
There was another bill, also, which required the
prompt attention of the House, and which he would
avail himself of this occasion to give notice of his
intention to call up at an early day. He had re-
ference to the loan bill. He had imagined that
the fortunate discovery of an error, which showed
there were in the treasury near seven millions of
means at its command more than was f-upposed to
exist there, had obviated the necessity of immediate
action on that bill. But two flays ago he had re-
ceived a letter from the acting Secretary of the
Treasury, stating that its immediate consideration
was highly necessary. It is known to the mem-
bers of the House that the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury has not yet been printed.
The. examination of the statements and tables ap-
pended to that report arc absolutely essential to a
correct, understanding of the state of the finances.
It was his intention to have accompanied the bill
with a written report, whiih could not be made
without the aid of that document. The reporting
of the bill had been delayed as long as ihe commit-
tee thought themselves justified in withholding it,
for the purpose of seeing the Secretary's report in
piint; but, as itwiw not printed, he refrained from
making a written lepoit, lor fear that, without the
aid of that document, he might fall into some great
mistake, which for a time might mislead the House
and the country. He himself had called several
times at the printing office to inquire about that re-
port; other members of the committee, he believed,
had done the same thing. It was not yet forth-
coming. He did not feel able or willing to enter
upon the discussion of that bill till he had had an
opportunity to read and thoroughly study the Sec-
retary's report. The request of the acting Secictary
of the Treasury^was, however, so urgent for imme-
diate action, that he should, on Wednesday ncKt,
move to take up that bill, and leave it to the House
to decide whether they would consider it before
they had had an opportunity to see that report.
He was directed by the committee to bring this
subject of the public printing to the notice of the
House.
The appropriation bills for the next fiscal year,
commencing on the 1st of July next, arc in the
course of preparation, and those not already pre-
sented will be reported as soon as practicable. It
will be recollected that it is but a short time since
the reports of the different departments which ac-
company thePresident'smessage have been printed
and laid on our tables. The reports of the differ-
ent bureaus to the heads of the departments give
the detailed operations of the Government, "and
show the necessity of such appropriations as are
discretionary. He had felt it to be his duty to
read these repot ts, and compare them jjpith the
estimates, before presenting the annual appropria-
tion bills, as that was the proper source to look to
for explanation respecting the estimates. There
is a rule of the House that requires the appiopria-
tion bills to be reported within thirty days after
the appointment of the Committee of Ways and
Means. He wished to say a word about that rule,
and the reason of its adoption. Formerly, the fiscal
year commenced with the calendar year on the 1st
of January. It followed, of course, that, if the
appropriations were not made by the 1st of Janu-
ary in each year, the operations of the Government
were carried on without any provision for payment.
Everything was carried on in anticipation of and
upon the faith that Congress would make the ap-
propriations: and thus it sometimes happened in
the long sesion that the year was almost half gone
before the appropriations were made to meet the
necessary expenditures of the Government. This
state of things every year occasioned much embar-
rassment to the Executive Departments, and was
attended with heavy losses to such of the public
creditors as could not wait for the tardy movements
of Congress. To remedy this evil, this rule of the
House was adopted. It was found to be an inef-
ficient remedy, because of the impossibility of
making the appropriations by the time the fiscal
year commenced. It was finally wholly obviated
by changing the commencement of the fiscal year
from the 1st of January to the 1st of July. So
that if the appropriations were now made, no part
of them would be wanted for more than three
months to come. This rule, however, was left to
stand among the rules of the House, though now
of little practical utility. He would endeavor to
see that the appropriations were all made in
time to meet the wants of the Government, and
that no detriment to the public, service should arise
from want of timely action of the House upon
them.
Mr. ASHMUN said, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had given notice, as
he understood, that ho would call up a very im-
portant bill on Wednesday next, on account of
the urgent request of the Treasury Department,
and that he would do this in advance of the print-
ing of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. A. rose that he might call the attention of the
House and of the country to this state of things.
Here was the House, in the ver^ last days of Jan-
uary, still without a copy of so important a docu-
ment as the great fiscal report from the Treasury
Department.
Here Mr. BOYD raised an inquiry in relation
to order, but the SPEAKER, ruled Mr. A. to be
in order.
Mr. ASHMUN said, gentlemen need not feel
sensitive; he was not going into any extended re-
marks. His object was to call the attention of the
House and of the public to what had been stated
as the cause of this unpieeedenfed delay, and to
put to any member of the Committee on 'Printing,
who happened to be present, the inquiry, when
they were to expect the copies of this report to be
laid on their tables? He saw a gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conger] in his seat, who belong-
ed to that committee. He would thank that gen-
tleman to answer, if he could, the inquiry he
had put.
Mr. CONGER said, that, as a member of the
Committee on Printing, he could only say that he
had had an interview with the public printer some
two or three days sincc; and that officer had then
informed him that the body of the report had been
taken back repeatedly, by order of the Secretary
of the Treasury, for alteration; and he gave that
as the reason for the delay which had occurred.
It was this interruption, coming from the depart-
ment itself, which had prevented an eailier deliv-
ery of the printed copies of the report; and he had
added, that if the manuscript should not again be
taken out of his hands, the copies would be ready
for deliveiy in two or three days. A part of it
was now in type. That was the only explanation
Mr. C. had to give in answer to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Massachusetts: that was the ex-
planation he had received from the public printer.
Mr. McXCAY would like to know of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Conger,] what changes
those were which he stated, on the authority of the
public printer, to have been made in the report?
Were they in the tabular statement?
Mr, CONGER. The committee were not in-
formed.
Mr. McKAY said, that having heard the rumors
which were circulating in the House that the tables
accompanying the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury had been withdrawn and altered, or
others substituted in lieu thereof, he had seen the
Register of the Treasury, whose business it was
to prepare those tabular statements, and had men-
tioned these rumors to him; and he now stated,
upon his authority—the authority of Mr. Graham,
an excellent and very honest man—that there was
not the slightest foundation in the world for the
rumor; that not a single table had been altered;
that the tables were there now as they were first
presented in the report.
He was not going into a commentary or criti-
cism upon the statements made by the honorable
chairman of th^ Committee of Ways and Means.
He was glad to learn from that gentleman that he
had determined to call up on Wednesday next the
bill giving the Government authority to borrow a
sum of money to meet the exigencies of the public
service.
With regard to the delay that had attended the
execution of the public printing, the whole House
must be aware that it was owing to causes which
were apparent to all. In the first place, the sys-
tem of printing had been changed. Formerly, the
printing had been done by printers appointed by
the House. Now, it was done by contract. He
had voted against that law himself. He presumed
his friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Asiimun] and
the honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means voted for it.
Mr. ASHMUN begged the gentleman's pardon.
He did not vote for it. Pie had always thought it
a " penny-wise and pound-foolish" operation.
Mr. McKAY, (continuing.) At any rate he
would cast no imputation on the printers. He
hoped they would be able to perform their con-
tiact: they said they would. The documents this
session were veiy voluminous; the President's
message and accompanying documents made a
document nearly twice as large this year as last
year. Owing to the existence of a state of war,
the reports of all our generals, Secretaries of War
and the Navy, and, in fact, of all our officers,
were much larger, and made a document of nearly
two thousand pages. Was not this an explana-
tion of the delay ?
But, in regard to the remark made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that the House would
be called on Monday next to act upon the bill re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means 
[A voice : "On Wednesday."]
No, (said Mr. McK.;) the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton,] if he understood him eoneclly,
gave notice that he would call up on Monday next
the bill making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies.
Mr. VINTON (Mr. McK. yielding) said he
had stated that, as soon as the bill which he had
this morning reported to supply deficiencies could
be printed, with the accompanying documents, he
would call it up.
Mr. McKAY (resuming) supposed it would be
printed, with the documents, by Monday.
In regard to the deficiency bill, the House (said
Mr. McK.) were already in possession of full in-
formation—of every item of information which
could have any bearing upon it. There was noth-
ing at all in the Secretary's report in reference to
these deficiencies, except his financial statement,
and that was published weeks ago, during the sec-
ond week of the session.
Mr. ASHMUN (interposing) said, with refer-
ence to the statement of the gentleman from North
Carolina about the tables connected with the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, he had this mo-
ment been informed by the public printer that the
Secretary of the Treasury had now, at this mo-
ment, in his possession these tables.
Mr. McKAY. Well, I am authorized by the
Register of the Treasury, Mr. Graham, to state
that the tables have undergone no change at all
sirrce they were sent in accompanying the Secre-
tary's report, when it was first laid on the table.
Mr. CONGER wished to make a further state-
ment on this subject, and (Mr. McK. yielding) he
said he (Mr. C'.) had not only been informed by
the printer, at this instant, of the same fact which
was communicated by him to the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, but that the proofs of
this document, which he understood was now
ready to be laid upon their tables, were now in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury for revi-
