1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
rank in the navy, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and propriety of causing
an appiopnatmn to be made for the putcha&e of the island
at the confluence of the St. Peter's and Mississippi river*,
agreeable to a contract entered into for that purpose by the
Secretary of War on the 12th day of March, 1839, in obedi-
ence to ajoint resolution of both Houses of Congress of the
13th of February, 1839.
Mr. SIMS moved the following resolution;
which was read, and under a special suspension,
agreed to:
Resolved. That the President of the United States be re-
quested (tf in his opinion not incompatible with the public
inteiest) to lay before this House the documents and corie-
spondencc not already published relating to the final adjust-
ment of the difficulties between Gieat Britain and the Uni-
ted States concerning duties on rough rice or paddy.
Mr; CLINGMAN moved the following resolu-
tion, which was read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bp directed to trans-
mit to this House copies of ail written communication-,,
suggestions, and plans of campaign submitted to the War
Department by MajorGcncml Scott in October and Novem-
ber, 1843; also, copies of allchatges prefened against Ma-
jor General Scott, upon which the President has ordered a
court of inquiry, and suspended him fiom his command;
together with copies of all communications received from
General Scott .since the capture of Vera Cruz.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to suspend the rules,
that, the resolution might be put upon its passage.
The yeas and nays being taken on the motion
to suspend, resulted: Yeas 95, nays 82.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended; and the resolution ac-
cordingly lies over.
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
Revived, Tliatthe Committee on Military Afiairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repi-aim? so mueh
of the law as requiied mounted volunteer- to turmsli their
own hoi-.es, and receive a d.ulv allowance for the use and
ri-K, add to provide that after Mich icpeal they shall he
mounted at the public expense, whenever mounted volun-
teers may be needed.
Rptolvcd, further, That, m ease the committee should
think it inexpedient to lepeal said law, tlioy will inquire
Whether public economy would not be promoted by sus-
pending it- opeiaiton duting the continuance of the present
war with Mexico.
On motion of Mr. SHEPPERD,
Re olvcd, Tli.it the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to Eliza-
beth Wiujjht, Of North Carolina; and tlmt the Secretary ol'
VVur communicate tu said committee the papers on file in
the pension bureau relating to her application.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inqmir and icpoit whether any funher legislation is re-
quired in relation to ehum* against the Government of the
United State-, and that tiicy report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. IiOITS moved the following resolution;
which was read, and lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the Tinted Stales he re-
rpiiwul to eomimuiiciiU to Hn^ llou-e (it not incompatible
with the public mfcre-tj und'-r uiiat law or ptoviMoti of the
Cnn-tiiution, or by what authority, the Seciefary ol the
i H ii-iiiy ol the United States lias, by his sanction and ap-
proval, e-t.ibh-hed a tanil'of duties in the port", of the Mex-
ican Henubhe; and that he also communicate to ilu< Ilou^e
by what legal, constitutional, or other authority, he has
undertaken to uppropimte the revenue thu.s denved to the
support, ol our army tn Mexico, without the sanction of the
iU1fl appropriating power of Congress, as estab-
lished by the Constitution ot the United States.
Mr. BO ITS offeied the following resolution,
and moved the previous question:
RcsoUc./, Th.it the Committee •>" the Expenditures in the
Tica-atiy Depiu tment be, and they are heiohy, instructed to
inquire into the piactteal operation of the law entitled "An
actio piovide for tlie better organization of the Treasury,
and tor the collection, safe-keeping, transfei. and disbuise-
meut oftiie punhe revenue." approved August 6, and
to ascertain whether its provisions have been Kt anytime,
or in any mannei, Molaied ; and if .-o, how, by whom, and
under what authority or instructions; and that they also
ascertain the amount of annual expenditures requiiedfor its
complete organization and opeiation; and that they ateo
impure into any other violation of duty 01 abuse of power
t iat may have occurred iri the Treasury Depai tment, and
repoit the same to this House; and that they have leave to
semi ior persons and papms.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
ouded, and, under its operation, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. MEADE offered the following resolution;
winch was read, and laid over under the rule:
Revolted, A* the settled opinion of thi* House, that it
would be inexpedient and unwise to annex the whole of
Mexico to tins Union ; and that the temtory lying noith of
the 1jih> proposed !>v Commissioner 'Prist to the Mexican
Oowiiiment i- M'llicient indemnity for the expenses already
incurred in the present war
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary mquiie
into the expediency of changing tiie times ot holding the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the western district of
Virginia, and of increasing the salary of the judge of that
district.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Virginia,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instiucted to inquire into the- expediency of making an
appropriation of land in the Oregon Territory to the officers
and men who explored that Territory in the years 1804,
and '6, or to theii heirs, where they are dea'd; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. PENDLETON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of allowing to John Lee,'hostler
to the House of Representatives, the same amount of extra
compensation as was allowed to the hostler to the Senate
and the messengers of the House for the last Congress, as
he has been accustomed to receive m common with said
persons.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Christiarisburg, in Montgomery
county, Virginia, to Newport, iri Giles county, ViJginia.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON,
Resolved > That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be mstiucted to innuire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Franklin Court-Tlouse, by Canada's
Gap, to Floyd Couit-House, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. BOCOCK,
Resolved, That leave be given to withdraw from the files
of the Pension Office the papers of Elizabeth Williamson, of
Elizabeth Simpson, of Saiah Victor, of Ann Hancock, and
ol Susan Ogle-by, and that they be severally referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions; al-o, that leave be
given to withdraw from the files of this House the papers
presented in the case of Charles Lewis.
On motion of Mr. BEALE,
Resolved, That the memorial ot the officers and crew of
the United States schooner Shark, and accompanving docu-
ments herewith presented, be. icferrcd to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; and tliatthe said memorial, omitting the sig-
natures., be piinted.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Rrsolrcd, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Ro.nN be instnicfed to inquire into and report to this House,
as far a^ practicable, how many (if any) postmasters or as-
sistant postmasteis arc engaged in the Venice of the depart-
ment who cannot read oi write, with the name-: or all such
per.-ous, the date of their appointment, and the office at
which they arc engaged.
BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
By Mr. HAMMONS : A bill supplementary to
an act entitled "An act supplementary to the act
for the relief of certain officers and soldiers of the
Revolution." Referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A bill for the pres-
ervation and repair of the harbor already begun at
the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois. Read
and referred.
Also, a bill authorizing a term of the United
States circuit court and district courts at Chicago,
Illinois. Read and referred.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois : A bill making an
appropi iation for the improvement of the Missis-
sippi river. Read and icfened.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: A bill to es-
tablish a judicial district in the western part ol* the
State of Arkansas. Read and referred.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: A bill to amend an
act confirming certain land claims in the State of
Michigan. Read and referred.
Also, a bill for the relief of Shadrach Gillet and
others. Read and referred.
Also, a joint resolution relating to errors and
defective returns in certain surveys, plats, and
field-notes. Read and referred.
By Mr. KAUFMAN : A joint resolution pro-
viding for the payment of the regiment of Texas
volunteers called into the United States service by
Colonel Curtis, the commanding officer at Camar-
go. Read and referred.
By Mr. PHELPS: A bill to pay to the State
of Missouri two per cent, upon the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands sold in the said State,
for the purpose of constructing a road through said
State.
Also, a bill granting to the State of Missouri
certain lands for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Osa^e river. Read and referred.
By Mr. CATHCART: A bill for the prosecu-
tion of the work upon the harbor at Michigan City,
in the State of Indiana. Read and referred.
By Mr. HENLEY-: A bill to extend the right
of suffrage in the District of Columbia. Read and
referred.
By Mr. SAWYER: A bill to reduce and gradu-
ate the price of the public lands to actual settlers,
and for other purposes. Read and referred.
By Mr. STANTON: A bill for the relief of the
heirs of Matthew Rea, a lieutenant in the revolu-
tionary war. Read and referred.
By Mr. COBB, of Georgia; A bill to regulate
and equalize the compensation^ districtattorneys
of the United States. Read and referred.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: A bill for dividing the
State of Georgia into two judicial districts, and or-
ganizing and establishing an additional district
court of the United States with circuit court pow-
ers and jurisdiction. Read and referred.
By Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: A bill,
creating the office of Assistant Secretary of State,
and for other purposes. Read and referred.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. TWEEDY: Of a bill to amend an act
entitled li An act granting certain public lands to
the Territory of Wisconsin, for the purpose of
opening a canal connecting the waters of Lake
Michigan with Rock river.'5
By Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama: Of a bill to
cede to the State of Alabama the public lands lying
within the State for the purpose of education.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: Of a bill to
amend an act entitled 44 An act granting certain
lands to the Territory of Iowa, to aid in the im-
provement of the navigation of the Des Moines
river, in said Territory," approved August 8,1846.
By Mr. SAWYER: Of a bill to remove the
United States land office from Upper Sandusky, in
the State of Ohio, to Defiance, in said State.
By Mr. DUNN : Of a bill granting to the State
of Indiana the refuse lands within her limits for
education and other purposes.
By Mr. McCLERNAND : Of a bill to create
the office of surveyor general of the public lands
in the Territory of Oregon, and to grant donation
rights to settlers therein, and for other purposes.
By Mr. PHELPS: Of a bill to revive the act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States," approved
January 18, 1837, and the acts approved October
14, 1837, and August 23, 1842, amendatory of the
same, and for other purposes; of a bill to establish
the western judicial district in the State of Mis-
souri; and of a bill for the relief of George W.
Kidd.
By Mr. HALL, of Missouri: Of a bill to grant
certain public lands to the State of Missouri, for
the purpose of aiding to construct a railroad from
the town of St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri,
to the town of Hannibal, in said State, and for
other purposes.
Also, a bill for the relief of the volunteers en-
gaged in the military service of the United States.
7Vlso, a bill for the establishment of certain post
routes in the State of Missouri.
By Mr. FARAN: Of a joint resolution direct-
ing the payment of certain volunteers and regulars
under limitations therein prescribed.
By Mr. TURNER: Of a bill appropriating a
portion of the public land for the improvement of
Rock river, in the State of Illinois.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: Of a bill to
grant alternate sections of the public lands in the
State of Mississippi, for the improvement of certain
rivers in that State.
By Mr. YEN ABLE: Of a bill to retrocede alt
the District of Columbia to the State of Maryland,
except the public buildings and grounds.
By Mr. CUMMINS: Of a bill granting pen-
sions and annuities to certain widows of officers
and soldiers of the revolutionary war.
Also, of a bill to amend an act entitled " An act
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force, and for other purposes," passed on the llt'h
day of February, 1847.
Also, of a bill granting pensions to the officers
and men who in 1804 volunteered, under Captain
Stephen Decatur, to recapture or destroy the brig
Philadelphia, then lying in the haibor ofTripoli.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred:
By Mr PUTNAM : The petition of inhabitants of Lu-
zeme, Pennsylvania, asking reduction of postage on news-
papers, and particularly on smaH papers designed foi juve-
nile leading. Alto, the petition of inhabitants of the county
of Orange/New York, lor the same purpose. Also, a like
petition of inhabitants of Litchfield, Connecticut. Also, the
petition of Eunice Cross-man. of Sheldon, "Sew Yoik, the
widow of a revolutionary officer, praying to be placed on
the pension roll.
By Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio : The petition of E. II. Field
and others, of Fiauklin county, Ohio, prajing for a reduc-
