THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF W-ASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1848.
New Series No. 18.
much the same, and as the war is conducted their
period of service will be much the same, yet the
difference between the officers of this description
of force is very material.
^ The volunteer officers not holding their commis-
sions from the United Suites, there is no opportu-
nity for promotion. They may go there and fight
for years, and though they perform the same duties
as are performed by the officers of the regular army
and achieve as gallant exploits, yet they can re-
ceive no advancement. Those who begin as captains
will be captains still, and those who command as
lieutenants will be lieutenants still.
There was a remark made by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina who last addressed
the Senate upon this subject, and who offered an
amendment to this bill, in which I cannot concur.
It seemed to be based upon the idea that the en-
gagement of volunteers or the enlistment of regular
troops could not be accomplished. He says*
te Why is it that the Executive, as we are informed, can-
not raise the number of troops which by law he has author-
ity to raise, for cariying on this war in the heart of Mexico?
Why is it? Does it arise from popular aversion against en-
tering into such a service as this? If it were a war for the
defence of our own soil, do you believe that five times that
number could not be called into requisition ? Sir, at the voice
of the Executive of the United State*, ten times that num-
ber would spring up, ready to defend the national honor and
the soil of the Republic. And I must here make another
remark. If all parties in the United Stales, were to concur
in the justice and piopriety of carrying on this wai, I would
answer for it that the President could not say that it was out
of his power to raise the number of tryops which the laws
of the country authorize hnn to raise. But, sir, the very
fact that he is unable to raise these troops by the means
which have been put in his power, is, f think, one of the
omens which a wise inler should repaid in administering
the trust—the sacred trust—that is committed to him."
Now, I do not understand the President as
taking any such ground. I have never understood
that there has been a single case in which a call
lias been made for volunteers in which that call
has not been fully and completely answered In
Kentucky, Tennessee, and, in fact, in all the
States, the last calls were not only responded to at
once, but more men were offered than could be re-
ceived.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg to interrupt the Senator
for a moment. He has not exactly stated my
proposition. In contending, as 1 did contend, that
if the additional troops called for were necessary,
they could be supplied in the manner proposed by
my amendment to the bill, I asked the question,
* why not raise them in this way? One answer was,
that tKe men would prefer entering a new organi-
zation. But my proposition was, that if addi-
tional troops werQ needed, they could be added to
the old regiments, instead of incurring the expense
of creating new ones.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not see, in the remarks
of the Senator, any distinction between the two
descriptions of forces. On the contrary, the ten
regiments authorized by the bill of last session
were filled up with extraordinary rapidity. I do
not know that there is any complaint in the re-
cruiting for the old regiments. Almost every
newspaper that was received from New Orleans
announced the arrival of fresh troops, to fill up the
reduced companies.
But while upon this subject, permit me to make
another remark, as an additional reason for the
passage of this bill. There is no doubt that recruit-
ing in the new regiments will be more rapid than
in the old regiments. And the reason is, that
when you appoint officers from civil life, they jgo
into the country where they are known, and, con-
sequently, the men the more readily undertake to
serve under them.
I do not know certainly how many of our troops
in Mexico were lost in battle and by disease, re-
spectively, but I suppose at least as many were
lost by the last as by the first. Many at any rate
fell by disease, and in consequence of the late pe-
riod in which they arrived at Vera Cruz.
If we then pass this bill at once, we can send
them off at an early period, so as to escape the dis-
eases of the climate, which have been heretofore
encountered, But if we continue to debate the bill
indefinitely, if we go on talking without acting-, we
18
shall not only do as was done last session, but the
evil will be much greater than last year; because
this is a very long session, and may be extended
indefinitely to the midst of summer; whereas, last
year, the delay could not extend beyond the fourth
of March. It was for reasons of this kind, as
stated by the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, that I thought it would be
far preferable to pass this bill without any unne-
cessary delay.
As the remarks which I shall make are in a
great degree in answer to arguments which have
been made in opposition to the bill, I must say
that I should not have spoken at all, if it had not
been for those arguments.
I now wisii to advert to another of the positions
assumed by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, and lest ,1 should be mistaken, I will
quote the language of the gentleman:
" But, sir, that is as far as I will go as an ultimatum of any
proposition of peace to that Government. I would insist,
in the first instance, in all measures of negotiation, that to
the Rio Giande we are bound, under the most solemn of
pledges, to protect the rights of Texas. But then the ques-
unn may be asked—and it is a proper question—how would
you establish any other line for separating the territories ot
the United States from those ofMoxieo? Will you fall back
upon the line which separates Oregon from Mp\!co? I
think not, sir. But, by way of making it as acceptable as
possible to Mexico, and with a sincere desiic to teiminato
this war, I would not hesitate, if it were to be done to-irior-
row, to -send the most illustrious embassy to Mexico, and to
propose to her teims of peace upon this ultimatum, with the
right, however, to demand from her to say what line she
should run by way of compensating us for the chums we
have against her, and I should think it no degradation."
Now, I have a very great objection to the first
proposition considered in this extract. I object
totally and peremptorily to sending any more am-
bassadors to Mexico. We have sent too many
already. The President was right at fiist, how-
ever, because our true policy is for peace, where it
can be honorably obtained. Yet, although the
President at the early stages of this war did make
them these oilers of peace, nothing has been done
towards the conclusion of a peace by them. Even
now, after they are completely overthrown, their
capital taken, and army destroyed, still terms of
peace are rejected.
Under these circumstances, we ought not to send
them another ambassador, high or low. We have
made propositions many times, and they would
not accept them—we have now conquered them—
they are in our power. Shall we, then, solicit
again until they consent to treat with us? If I
were to send an embassy at all, it should not be
with such an ultimatum as the honorable Senator
from South Carolina proposes. Why should we
now agree to take the Oregon boundary as the
extent of our title, giving them to understand that
we expect nothing more, and leaving to themselves
to propose a boundary for indemnity?
This would be giving them new life or encour-
agement. If the President could be so weak as to
present such a proposition, they would say at once
" there is some mystery in this sudden change,
some difficulty in the affairs of the American Gov-
ernment," which would encourage them to perse-
vere in hostilities, under the impression that we
would ultimately be compelled to give up our
conquests; and this would be a reasonable conclu-
sion from such a proposition.
I now come to some general remarks which I
wish to make upon the question of the war with
Mexico. And first, sir, 1 have to say that there
is one thing which has appeared to me very singu-
lar in this discussion on the part of gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber. The President m his
message has declared what he thinks as the right
course to be pursued ; and gentlemen of the Dem-
ocratic party generally, have concurred with the
views he lias taken; while those on the opposite
side object to the policy in the most "decided
manner. But they do not tell us what they would
do. It is very easy to find fault, but not so easy
to tell us what would be the right course to pursue.
The studied silence of our opponents on this
subject is the more surprising, because we had
indications, before the meeting of this session of
Congress, that the objects of the war ought to be
declared, and the President compelled to abide by
them. Mr. Clay, in his Lexington speech, said:
" I conclude, therefore, Mr. Presidentandfellow-citizens,
with entire confidence, that Congress has the right, either
at the beginning or during the prosecution of any war, to
decide the objects and purposes for winch it was proclaimed,
or for which it ought to be continued. And I think it is the
duty of Congress, by some deliberate mid authentic act, to
declaie for "what objects the present war shall be longer
prosecuted. I suppose the President would not hesitate to
regulate h;s conduetby the pronounced will of Congress, and
to employ the force and the diplomatic powei of the nation
to execute that will. But if the President should decline or
refuse to do so, and, in contempt of the supreme authority
ofCongiess, should persevere m waging the war for other
object-- than those proclaimed by Oongiews, then it would be
the imperative duty ot that body to vindicate its authority
by the most stringent, and effectual, and appropriate meas-
ures. And if, on the contrary, the enemy should refuse to
conclude a treaty containing stipulations securing the ob-
ject© designated by Congies>>, it would become the duty of
the whole Government to prosecute the war with all the
national energy, until those objects wefe atiained by a treaty
of peace. There can be no insuperable difficulty in Con-
gress making such an authoritative declaration. Let it re-
solve, simply, that the war shall, or shall not, be a war of
conquest; and, if a w;u of conquest, what is to be con-
queied. Should a lesolution p.ts-h di^ciciiimng the design of
conquest, peace would follow in less than sixty days, if the
President would conform to Ins constitutional duty."
This is frank and decided. I do not see any
reasonable objections to the course suggested.
I do not know what the President's opinions
are—I speak only for myself—but I would be very
glad, and I think the President would also be grat-
ified, if Congress would adopt such a course. Why
has not this course been adopted?
There has been another announcement of this
principle, and a very emphatic one, from another
quarter.
I read only this morning, this decidcd declara-
tion of opinion from a gentleman in another de-
partment of the General Government:
Washington, January 7, 1848.
"My dear Sir: To all human appealance, the termination
of this miserable war with Mexico is more iemote than
when the first blow was struck. In my judgment, it was
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally commenced by inarch-
ing our army into disputed territory in the possession of
Mexico. And I think that Congress, who unquestionably
have the power, should put an end to the war on just and
honorable principles.
Aftei agreeing upon the terms on which a treaty should
he made, they should call upon the Executive by resolution
to oflt'i a peace to Mexico upon that basis, and, during the
negotiation, hostilities >hould be suspended. If the Presi-
dent shall refuse to do thn, in the military appropriation
bill*: the ai.nv should be requited to take such positions as
shall e.inj out the views of Congic^s. These bills the Pres-
ident could not veto, and be would b-4 bound by their re-
ouiienioiib. This may be done bv the House.
"joiin Mclean."
This is perfectly frank and clear, and admits of
no doubt.
If gentlemen approve of this doctrine let them
subscribe to it boldly. There it is. I want a sim-
ple response—yes or no. Do you approve of it,
or do you not? I have, and the people have, a
right to demand from gentlemen on the other side,
what are their views?
I have no idea that there will be any peace until
the Presidential election is over; and is it to be
supposed that the people are going to vote in the
dark?
I do hope, then, that those gentlemen who differ
with us so much, and find so much fault, will pro-
pose a plan of their own, or, at all events, that they
will say on this question, yea or nay. Let them
sign the bond. Here it is in unequivocal terms.
I want to know whether they will propose to
withdraw the army, to give up, not only the in-
demnity of millions, which our citizens claim, but
say that all the blood and treasure which has been
spent in this war, shall be thrown away, or whether,
in the spirit of the suggestion made by the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, go to Mexico,
and fall on our knees, and entreat that she will
make peace on her own terms.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg the Senator will allow
me to say, that I never assumed any such propo-
sition-, and I do not think that my language, on
the occasion referred to, at all justifies such an in-
ference as has been drawn, l &ni quite at a loss
to know how the gentleman could have arrived at
such a conclusion. I certainly said that I would
allow Mexico the privilege of indicating a line,
