1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
Una, over the way, [Mr. Rhett.] He desired
here to say to that gentleman, and ail those friend's
of his who stood beside that gentleman jn times
that tried men's souls, that he meant not to dero-
gate in the slightest degree from the high stand
they took at that time, as men of honor and in-
tegrity; and of the proud head of that party, he
could with great truth say, that there was no man
for whose private virtue and excellence of charac-
ter he cherished a more unfeigned respect. At the
same time, he would say that he considered him
as having wholly mistaken his duty; but while he
acknowledged the high principles under which
they had all acted, he would like to know by
what right the gentleman from South Carolina
undertook to read lectures on political consistency
and fidelity to the Constitution to gentlemen on
that side of the House? Was his right derived
from the memorable proclamation by Andrew
Jackson, or from the bloody Force Bill, for which
his present political chief had voted? Did it come
from that " old hero," whom no man had once
denounced in stronger terms than the gentleman ?
While the gentleman was speaking, Mr. G. could
not help thinking of one "II. Barnwell Smith,"
who figured in the drama of nullification; and if
the gentleman were no longer Romeo, it could be
proved beyond dispute that he still belonged to
the House of Montague. Was it for that gentle-
man to say to the Whigs of that House, that nine
out of ten of them were the very men who pro-
longed the war? Mr. G. never had heard such a
charge brought by either side in a political contest
before—to brand a whole party, and that in time
of war, with giving aid and comfort to the enemies
of their country, and prolonging the very war they
continually denounced! Who commissioned that
gentleman to come here and read to the members
of tins House lectures on political morals and re-
gard for the Constitution?
Had that gentleman been himself such a devoted
friend to the Constitution, such an attached ad-
mirer and lover of this Union ? Let any one listen
tor a moment to the language he had used in the
South Carolina convention in March, 1833: " I
* cannot palter with conscience or play the hypo-
' crite : nor can Carolina, consistently with her
( honor or truth, dissemble as to her true situation.
4 I boldly declare it, (and I believe [ express the
* feelings of the freemen I represent,) under the
* Government as administered, I have no ardent at-
* tacfment to the Union op these States." And
yet that was the gentleman who stood up here
and denounced the whole Whig party as guilty
of prolonging this war! Whencc, Mr. G. would
again ask, had that gentleman his authority? Did
he get it from his own consistency, piudcnce,
loyalty to the Constitution, and love to this Union?
Hear him again: " No; for here is the bill of blood
' by which the little of the Constitution that was
4 left is scattered to the winds; and the sword and
' the purse of the Confederacy are placed in the
' hands of an insolent and brutal dictator." Were
the Whig party to be alarmed by the denunciations
which a gentleman hurled at them who had spoken
in this strain of vituperation of one of the best and
the purest men his own party contained? Hap-
pily that distinguished man had survived the hate
of his enemies, and his ashes now slept peacefully
beneath the shades of his own beloved Hermitage.
Mr. G. was not to be disturbed by missiles from
such a quarter; and he utterly denied, after such
a public course as that gentleman had pursued, his
right to come into that House and read gentlemen
lectures on political morals. Whom was it that
President Jackson sought to arrest in their mad
career over the Constitution and liberties of their
'country, as he understood them? In regard to
"whom did he use that memorable language in his
message to both Houses on January 16, 1833?
Speaking of the South Carolina ordinance, he
said: "If these measures cannot be defeated and
1 overcome by the power conferred by the Consti-
1 tution on the Federal Government, the Constitu-
4 tion must be considered as incompetent to its own
4 defence; the supremacy of the laws is at an end;
' and the rights and liberties of the citizens can no
* longer receive protection fiom the Government of
' the Union."
He trusted that the language of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] which Mr. G.
had read to the House would stand unobliterated
" to the last syllable of recorded time," as a proof
:hat the old hero of New Orleans, and the Consti-
tution of our glorious Union, and the great and
patriotic Whig party of 1848, had ail managed, by
some means, to survive the dread-inspiring anathe-
mas of the gentleman from South Carolina. That
gentleman had been too recently initiated into the
secrets of the Cabinet to learn his own lesson; and
yet he came to talk to members of that House
about the powers and prerogatives of the Presi-
dent, and based his entire speech on the doctrine
that the Executive had a right to withhold from
the people and the people's representatives all
knowledge of the ends and purposes for which he
had begun or was still prosecuting the existing
war. This was the gentleman, the privileged gen-
tleman, who, with one other member of that
House, had been allowed to inspect public official
papers which were withheld from the less favored
eyes of other Representatives. It mast be appa-
rent, that though the gentleman had not yet found
his way to the White House, and might not have
approached the presence of a political chief who
had given his vote for the odious force bill, he had
got as far at least as the State Department, and
had been allowed to examine records for which
the House had called in vain. The gentleman had
said, " So help him God, if he believed the Presi-
dent guilty of a violation of the Constitution, he
would vote to impeach him to-morrow." Could
not the gentleman see, even from his own case,
that a man might attempt the grossest violation of
the Constitution of his country, and yet not even
be arrested? Why had ho not impeached General
Jackson? There had been a Democratic majority
at the time in the House, yet they never voted an
impeachment.
At the last session, that gentleman had voted
with the Whigs against the insertion of the pre-
amble into the bill of supplies which declared that
this war existed by the act of Mexico. Yes; this
same gentleman who now read lectures to the
Whigs in support of the action of the President in
relation to this war, when it was the will of the
House to insert that declaration in the preamble
of the supply bill, had voted against it, in company
with the Whigs and with some of Mr. G.'s col-
leagues from Virginia. Of this he did not com-
plain: he wished to have no controversy with bis
colleagues about the vote they had then given; but
when the gentleman from South Carolina got up
here and charged the Whigs with" prolonging this
war, and yet had refused to say the war was begun
by Mexico, what were the inferences to be drawn
from his vote ? Somebody surely must have com-
menced the war; the gentleman refused to declare
that it was the Mexicans: then it must have been
somebody in the United States. It was not Con-
gress: who then was it? Who, in the United
States, had unnecessarily and unconstitutionally
began the war ?
The gentleman had stood shoulder to shoulder
with the Whigs in declaring that it was not begun
by Mexico; and yet, in five minutes after giving
that vote, had voted the supply bill with the pre-
amble in its front, thereby voting in direct and
open contradiction of his own speech. Now, when
a gentleman of this sort charged inconsistency on
the Whigs, it would perhaps be as well he should
look first at his own.
But Mr. G. had another fact for the gentleman
on the subject of impeaching the President. What
had a great Democratic Senator said when the
treaty for annexing Texas was pending before the
Senate? "They,'the President and his Secretary
' of State, made the war themselves, and made It
' unconstitutionally, perfidiously, clandestinely,
' and piratically. The secret orders to our navy
'and army were piratical; for they were without
4 law to waylay and attack a friendly Power with
( whom we have a treaty of amity; and as a mem-
' ber of a court-martial i would sentence to be shot
' any officer of the army or navy who should dare
$ to attack Mexican troops, or ships, or cities,
* under that order."
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, here said some-
thing to Mr. G. which, from the relative position
of the parties, was wholly lost to the reporter.
Mr. G. replied, that if the gentleman had waited
a moment, Mr. G. was coming to that point; he
should not conceal the fact. When gentlemen had
had a Democratic majority, and John Tyler was
the Presidentof the United States,if he violated the
Constitution, why had they not impeached him?
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Because we did
not think so.
Mr. G. said, he had not been aware before that
the gentleman from Michigan had been a member
of that Congress; the records of the House, he
believed, did not show it. Mr. G. was talking to
gentlemen who were then 'members of Congress,
and who might have impeached President Tyler.
Was the gentleman from Michigan one? If not,
he begged that gentleman would not take Mr. G.'s
remarks to himself.
But now Mr. G. must, for a little while, pay his
respects (all in a very friendly way) to his col-
league over the way from the Harper's Ferry dis-
trict, [Mr. Bedinger,]
Mr. G. should not attempt to follow any of that
gentleman's flights of fancy: oh ! no; the gentleman
was quite too poetical for him—he could not hope
to match him" in poetry; his muse never would
keep pace with the gentleman's, who, every one
knew, made her eagle flight among the clouds.
But descending into the humble area of debate in
that House, the gentleman had warbled for a mo-
ment even among the "crabs" and "crawfish'*
of the Whig party. The stoop was great. He
supposed the gentleman likened the Whigs to shell-
fish, because they were known to carry shields
wherewith to defend the Constitution. But if the
Whigs were a " crab-party," how was it with the
party of the gentleman? Was there no "crab"
movement on their side of the House? They came
into power with a holy horror of all banks—the
very name filled them with disgust and terror; but
no sooner were they snugly ensconced in power
and place, than forthwith they set up to build for
themselves one of the grandest Government banks
that the wit of man could contrive, and baptized it
the sub-treasury, the constitutional treasury, &c.
Was not that proceeding a little in the "crawfish"
order* Was not this " crabbing1' it somewhat?
Then they had a very pious hatred of bank raffs,
and preached to the people that gold and silver
were the only constitutional currency; but it so
happened that they found a plentiful scarcity of
the golden shiners, so they resorted to ah over-
flowing issue of treasury notes as a currency, good
enough for the people, while they reserved what
gold there was for those pure patriots who had
been rewarded with an office. ■ Another crab
movement. Then they proclaimed themselves
the irreconcilable, the deadly enemies of a pro-
tective tariff. But now they find it necessary to
resort to a tariff again to replenish their exhaust-
ed treasury. Very crab-like. They came here
asserting our clear and unquestionable right to
the "whole of Oregon," up to 54° 40', and they
vowed they would have it, all or none. But no
sooner did they sec the old British Lion rising up
from his lair and shaking the dew-drops from his
mane, than they crawfished back to 49°, a dis-
tance of four hundred miles; and there they stood
with their coats off, panting; but after a while
they thought it best, on the whole, to put their
coats on again, bid adieu to Old England, and turn
about and shake their fists at the South, and swear
that they would have all Mexico, Now, after all
this, one would really think that the poetic gentle-
man from the Ferry (who was so great an adept
in natural history) might have perceived that he
and his party were quite as worthy as the Whigs
of the title of " the crab and crawfish party."
Mr. G., however, would make use of no such
language—he applied no terms of that description
to gentlemen who happened to differ from him in
political sentiment.
Mr. G., having but little time, must hasten on,
and call the attention of the House to the instance
the gentleman had taken from the Administration
of the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts,
of a lefusal to communicate certain documents to
the House, as a justification of his leader in re-
fusing to comply with the call of the House for
the instructions to Mr. Slidell. But if the gentle-
man had crawfished back a little further in the
record, he would have found that President Adams
had communicated the very documents asked for
to the Senate, and that he referred the House to
that body, who might impart them or not, as they
should deem most for the public good. m~
stance quoted, therefore, did not sustain his case.
But the gentleman complained of the Whigs tor
giving encouragement to the Mexicans in holding
out against our arms, because their speeches were
read, as he said, at the head of the Mexican line
when drawn up on the field. Why, did the gen-
tleman think so iittle of his own poetical and elo-
