278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
quent speech as to suppose that the same mail
which carried the weak and dull speeches of the
WhK'S hail not earned his? And did he suppose
the Mexicans could not tell which had the most
weight? But were the Representatives of Ameri-
can freemen to be estopped from the liberty of
speech, lest what they uttered on that floor should
reach the Mexican camps? Mr. G. had supposed,
heretofore, that his colleague went for liberty of
speech and liberty of the press ; but it seemed that
the gentleman had lately endorsed the good old
Austrian doctrine of passive obedience and non-
resistance. Mr. G., for the gentleman's especial
benefit, would read him a scrap or two of Austrian
orthodoxy. Here it was, and in the foim of a
catechism too:
" Question. What must subjects abstain from, [besides
treason r]
"Jlnsucr. They must abstain from talking unreasonably
on the events of the war.
" Question. And why so?
viver. Recan^e, as they aio not aware of the real cir-
cumstances ofs-ueh event-5, they easily can deceive tae pop-
ulace with tiicM di-cour^e.
« Qve-'ti'jrt. What must citizens and country people do not
to be suspected ?
il JJns. cr. Tii3y must keep quietly at home, nnud their
own business, vvoik and pin v.[Laughter j
Was that what the gentleman would have us
do? Was that his doctrine for Whig Representa-
tives, that they should " not talk unreasonably of
the events of the war," that they should (l stay at ;
home, work and pray," while the gentleman and j
his party came here and denounced them, and com-
pared them to crabs?
One reason why Mr. G. wanted to see the in-
structions from the Government was, because he
desired to know whether the President had given
instructions which warranted the forcible inculca-
tion of the Roman Catholic faith and worship on
our troops ? Whether the observance of the cere-
monies of the Romish church was to be enforced,
by his oider, at the point of the bayonet, upon
Americans enlisting or volunteering; in the public
service? Upon that subject he wished to bring to
the notice of the committee one fact or two.
Mr. G. here read the following from the Pro-
testant Union of December 15, 1847, in which an
article was copied from the National American,
published in Philadelphia: '
"We \e<terda * had the pleasuie of conversing with Ser-
geant VWh-. of Captain Xi\!or% company of Philadelphia
Hanger*, l.iit-^y from Jniana, iie havmj awve-d at home <<n
Tue-day. Servant Wiliis eonihms the account,niiiierto
published in the gnn. or'the forckd k veiling of the Amer-
ican tioops to the Ctlhohc Host, byord^r oi CiJoiuI Child-,
Military Governor of Jalapa. Tne order? were i^ued to
the officer of the day, Colonel Robert', of the second ro&n-
mer.t Pennsylvania volunteers. Both iesulais and volun- i
teers, officers and men, wore compelled to obey the order :
at the peril of their lives. As the Host passed by, the men 1
were brought to present arms, then dropped to one knee, the j
bayonet facing to the around, the hut of thp tm^ket ieversed 1
under the ri«jht aim, wluie the left hand lifted the cap from |
the head and huiu: it upon the cock of the musket. The
men weie, dining the whole morning, dulled to tins cere-
moriy by tho ofiicor of thn guard. The men protected. The ;
officer of the eaaid replied, 'Mv orders are to dull you to i
the performance of this duty, it you return the penormance ■
of it, you know the coii&eipicnces.' Colonel Ilubetb kneeled '
down with iho men." j
Now, he wished to call attention to the fact, that >'
here, while our glorious Constitution— I1
Mr. HARALSON interrupted; but ]■
Mr. GOGG1N declined to yield, asking the gen- I;
tleman, as a matter of favor, to permit ium to 2:0 >
on. If he had made any allusion to the gentleman \
he would cheerfully give way.
He wished to call the attention of the House \
and the country to the fact, that here, for the first I
time, had the attempt been made, under the his- ■'
tory of our elorious Constitution, winch declares \
that the ficcdom of speech, the freedom ofthoua;lit, j!
the freedom of religion, should be preserved sacred jj
and inviolate* to the descendants of those patriot j|
ancestors of ours who fought and bled at Bunker tj
Hill, Yoiktown, Monmouth, and Trenton, who J
bequeathed this richest heritage of constitutional 1!
freedom to their descendants, that their sons who !i
were called out to fight the battle's of their country -j
in subsequent times were to have any particular ji
religion forced down their throats at the point of |>
the bayonet. He .seuu nothing against the Catho- j|
lie religion; he expressed 110 opinion upon that; li
but if the attempt iiad been made to compel the {;
army, or any portion of it, to receive the Protestant 'j
religion, he would have protested against it with i
ec^uul warmth. Why, what would the wives, the !|
sisters, the mothers—those whom we hold dearest
and above all others—think tuat their husbands, !)
j brothers, and sons, in addition to the hardships || tenant Fremont, and omitted entirely to mention
I they were called upon to undergo m fighting the ,j anything about Almonte, Rejon, and the host of
j battles of their country, should be called to bear ; generals who were permitted to return with Santa
j these indignities at the point of the bayonet? j! Anna, and who, when they landed at Vera Cruzr
But his colleague [Mr. Bedingeii] said, that i| were received, not amidst the roar of our cannon,
! Santa Anna was admitted into Mexico for the .' *
; sake of "getting up a row," (to use his own ;
I language.) Had it come to this, that the Admin- [
| istration of the Government, that the President of j
| the United States and his Cabinet had nothing '
j more to do than to carry on negotiations by which !
; the exiled President of Mexico, who was engaged J
i in the high amusement of c'ock-fighting at Cuba, j
■[ should be brought home and introduced into his
jj country for the sake of " getting up a row?" This, j1
I, he (Mr. G.) must say, with all due lespect to the !'
|' Piesiuent and hi& coadjutors, was miserably small
|j game fur one who occupied the Executive chair of .
|' this country. "To kick up a row," forsooth! ,1
t| And he did "kick up a row." Yes, Mr. Polk,
ij (if he might be permitted to follow his colleague jl
|I in h;s poetical flights,) after Santa Anna had got ')
into the country, after the battle of Buena Vista, ji
;; Cerro Gordo, and all the blood and carnage re- }i
! suiting, might be supposed to have closet musings i|
{ something like this: \\
| '*' Ah! lie 1* indeed a cantie chiel, !'
: And well in war can liaunr his banner; <\
j Thousands brave will rue the hour j|
: I save our foe his Santa Anna.*'
j And did his colleague endorse the suspension of
I General Scott? Was it the object now, on the eve ,j
; of a Presidential election, to arrest that proud, noble, j!
| gallant old hero, just about the time he was going |i
to conquer a peace, to bring him home, that the i!
! glory of that achievement might enure to another? ''
! Were the Administration about to bnnghim home, \
! following the course which they had pursued to- j
wards Santa Anna, to "kick up a row" in the j
Whig party? If gentlemen thought so, they mis- 1
took their man. General Scott was not the man :
I to be used for that purpose. No, (said Mr. G.,)he
r is a Virginian; but I claim him not as a Virginian
1 merely, but as an American, an American patriot j
; and an American general; as a citizen belonging,
like General Taylor, not to any section of the coun- '
■ try, but, like the gallant hero of Palo Alto, Buena
, Vista, and a hundred other fields, who was born '■
down in his district, as a gallant commander, a
noble Whig general. They weie Whigs, and the
Demociats found it very convenient to call on
Whig generals. He (General Tayloi ) was not the
man more than General Scott to bring about diffi-
culties m the Whig ranks. But he would ask
again if this could be the object in recalling the
gallant hero (Scott) just at this particular time? He ;
did not say it was. But, as the gentleman admit- !
ted that the President had thought proper to admit |'
1 Santa Anna into Mexico for the purpose of " get- j
j ting up a row"    i:
t Mr. BEDINGER interposed,and (Mr. G-.yield-
| ing) said he merely wished to state that he had ,
: not said that the object of the President in suffer- ■
I ing Santa Anna to pass our squadron atVeraCiuz '
was to "kick up a row." He had said that we '
had nothing to fear from Santa Anna, because, in
1 the words of the gentleman from Mississippi, (Mr.
1 Tot.ipkixs,) his capacity was about equal to the
; management of a cock-fight.
: Mr. GOGGIN, resuming, said he left the gen-
tleman and the country to distinguish between the
carnage of tlje battle-field and that of a cock-fight.
He referred to those bloody fields where American
skill and courage had coped, and coped success-
fully, though with fearful loss of life, with the
forces of Mexico, commanded and stimulated to
effort by Santa Anna, and asked if he were such a
man as his colleague supposed him to be?
His colleague had told them that the President
of the United States had communicated to the
House of Representatives all the instructions given
to Mr. Slidell compatible with the public interest ' Pai'tment, withheld from the public.
to be made known, and all the facts relative to the ' ^-e ^)Ut time, and must hasten on. As
admission of Santa Anna into Mexico. Now, j l"c gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLa.se] had
nothing had been given relative to the return of ! ^10U§ht proper the other day to introduce into this
Santa Anna, save that pass which was marked (^kate l^e conduct of General Taylor, and charge
" private and confidential." As if the object of j! *um w,t^ prolonging this war, let him (Mr. G.)
the President was to throw dust in the eyes of the i reac* what Geneial Taylor said a few days after
people, when this House called for information in *' t^le battle of Palo Alto. This was part of a letter
reference to the return of Santa Anna, " and all ^rom General Taylor to the Adjutant General of
but amidst the modest blushes of Commodore
Conner, who told us (although he had this pass
from the President in his pocket) that he did not
think it best to seem to know that Santa Anna was
on board, though he could have boarded the vessel
which contained his person.
Now, he wanted to call the attention of the
House and of the country to the remarkable dis-
closure made in the " Union" of the 13th April,
1346. Under its editorial head, that paper of that
date, referring to the Courier des Etats Unis,
said;
♦'According to th.it journal, the different sections of the
republican patty in ? ie\ico had,at the latent dato^ resolved
to unite agamH the common danger, and had taken meas-
ures to invite Santa Anna to return to Mexico, and .i^siujje
the position of chief of the republican party. ThPir ove-r-
tute had been favorabh received by the e.uled President."5
Here, then,was a proposition made from Mexico
"to invite Santa Anna to return," and "assume
the position of chief of the republican party."
He was called back, not by Mr. Polk alone, but
he united, it appeared, with the Mexicans in fur-
i ms'ning them this " aid and comfort" in the person
i! of Santa Anna.
;j Again, the "Union" of the 9th of April copied
t extracts fiom Havana, which say, under date of
;! February 20:
[' " The ex-Pi csident (Santa Anna) ha^ his emissaries going
i( backward and foiward continually between Havana and
1 Mexico, and his ez-Mirmtcrs, who- are here ulon^ v u'h hurt,
aie very sanguine ot his return to his native "land much
soonc-t than most people arc aware of."
i He also read an extract from the "Union" of
! 10th February, 1846, which said :
" The Santa Anna party is growing strongei every day in
VeraCruz It is confidently asserted, that if he were To
i make his appearance at any time, he would be supported by
: an immediate pronunciamento."
: Here, with these facts (continued Mr. G.)
staring the Administration in the face, and know-
ing that Santa Anna would be hailed as the deliv-
■ erer of his country, this order was given, never-
; theless, to Conner, not to molest Santa Anna, but
to "allow him to pass." Santa Anna accordingly
landed; and, as would be seen by the "Union"
of August 26, the officers of the garrison of Vera
Cruz declared in his favor, and expressed a pur-
pose " in nowise to change the character of the trcfr;"
and that " Santa Anna had the glory to establish
'the Republic; whatever may have been his er-
s rors, he was a firm supporter of public liberty
< and national honor. Fortius we proclaim him
4 leader of this great enterprise."
Then, as if alarmed when he (Santa Anna) had
: taken his stand—when he had issued his procla-
: mation, and declared his objects—the President
and his party being alarmed, as if a master-spirit
had been conjured up by them to lead our enemies,
these were the soft tones with which the "Union"
saluted us:
"It is impossible to conjecture what effect will bo pro-
duced on the MeMcan policy bj the arrival of Santa Anna.
Iii> icn-tatement m power seems not improbable. He is a
soldier by },roje,%Lm. Almonte seems to share his counsels,
and he, from ihe first, has fully cornmiitPd himself on the
ci'teMion of war for Texas. K * ■* It [the administration
of Mr. Polk] niibt negotiate sword in hand."
He read other extracts from the "Union" on this
subject, one of which, under date of September 18,
1846, declared that there was no foundation for the
rumors afloat respecting the pass said to be fur-
nished Santa Anna by the President of the United
States.
Now, (said Mr. G.,) there was some necessity
for calling for information in regard to these things
—for facts which the country had a right to know,
which might be locked up in the secrets of the de-
other persons" who might have been admitted into '
Mexico, the President, or the Secretary of State :
under his direction, communicated information in
regard to a little boy who came home with Lieu-
the army, at Washington:
'• Headquarters. Arwy of Occupation,
)
" City of Matamoro?, Mav 18, 1846. $
'•'Sir: I have the honor to repoit that my very limited
moans for crossing rivers prevented a complete pioaocuuoa
