280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
other side of the House, as the gentleman from
Louisiana very well knew.
Mr. MORSE required to be shown more than
denunciation; he desired to be shown some reso-
lution to satisfy him that they attempted to awaken
the attention of the country to it, if they had
deemed it so pregnant with evil. Perhaps the
President of the United States might have said,
with some propriety—
" Hadst thou but shook thy head or made a pause
When I spake darkly what i purposed,
Or turned an eye of doubt upon my face
As bid me tell my tale m express words,
Deep shame had struck me dumb, made me break off,
And those thy tears might have wrought fears in me.
But thou didst understand me by my signs,
And didst in signs again parley with sin ;
Yea, without stop, didst thou Jet thy heart consent."
C* The gentlemen opposite would not find a suffi-
cient excuse in alleging that their only sin was a
oin of omission. The President of the United
States was their agent—he was the Executive
power of this Government—sworn to execute the
laws and Constitution of this country; and if they
supposed at the moment that he had gone beyond
the letter of the law, why did they subsequently
confirm his acts? He need not tell gentlemen, for
they had many lawyers in their ranks, that an ap-
proval of the act of their agent made it their own,
with all its responsibilities. Gentlemen told the
House and the country that they voted under pro-
test—they assumed that they voted against the
preamble, which states that the war was brought
on by the act of Mexico, but they did vote for it
with that preamble. That was an incontrovertible
fact; and to use the language of an old distinguish-
ed leader of their party, beforg he would have
voted a deliberate and damnable lie, the bones of
Geneial Taylor and his army might have been left
to whiten the plains of Mexico. But did they de-
ny that they had now the majority in this House ?
"Would they, then, be deterred from voting sup-
plies? They could not succeed in making the
country believe in their sincerity by the utterance
of njere denunciation, and malignant attacks on the
Executive of the Union and on the minority in this
House. They could only satisfy the country of
their sincerity by efforts to stop this " unholy and
damnable*' war. He had often heard gentlemen
make speeches on one side, and vote on the other;
but he had never known men vote first and talk
after. The gentlemen opposite knew that they
intended to vote the supplies. Why, then, would
they endeavor to lessen the force of this Govern-
ment by assailing an important part of it—its
Chief Magistrate ? He would not repeat the accu-
sation that they were giving " aid and comfort to
the enemy." He permitted no man to question
his motives, and he questioned none. But could
it be denied that they permitted this war by not
opposing it? They had the power, and yet they
dared not stop this war. It was in vain to tell him
" you have a majority in the other House." They
could stop the war in ten days if they were sincere;
and with their power and expressed opinions he
Would do it. Their Committee of Ways and Means
could report a bill making a certain appropriation
and no more, which they could pass with the de-
claration that the war was unholy, unnecessary,
and unconstitutional, and Mr. Polk would not dare
to disobey. Unless they did this, could they expect
men to believe in their sincerity?
Now, while he did not think that this "fatal
order," which had been so often repeated that it
was familiar to the whole country, was really the
means of bringing on the war, yet he thought it
could be satisfactorily shown that that order was
made on the suggestion of General Taylor. He
thought the correspondence which had taken place
between the Secretary of War and General Tay-
lor showed that the Secretary of War, on all occa-
sions, deferred to the better judgment of General
Taylor, and every order that was given was given
to carry out the views suggested by him. But
there was another act for which the Chief Magis-
trate of this country was not responsible, which,
on the contrai y, was made by General Taylor, not
only on his own iesponsibjhty, but in defiance of
the suggestions of the Secretary of War. Gen-
eral Taylor cut off the supplies of the Mexicans
by blockading the Rio Grande, while the President
and the Secretary of War desired him to let the
navigation of the river be free. Yes, and the first
thing the Government knew of it was from a com-
munication written by General Taylor, in which
he said he had blockaded the Rio Grande and cut
off their supplies, which would either cause the
Mexicans to abandon their position or come over
and fight him. He did not say that General Tay-
lor desired to bring on a war, but he gave the order
to blockade the Rio Grande in defiance of the will
of the Executive, when he knew it would bring
on a war. General Taylor was positively in-
structed to do nothing; he was desired to be con-
ciliatory; he was simply told to take a position on
the -Rio Grande. But when General Taylor was
ordered to take such a position, was he told to
plant his batteries with his guns pointed to the
windows ofMatamoros? Were there not other
points which General Taylor could have chosen,
to secure our rights and prevent the Mexican army
crossing into the territory east of the river, with-
out selecting a position opposite Matamoros?
He now proposed to make a few observations
in relation to the future policy and conduct of this
Government to bring about what seemed to be a
desideratum, an honorable peace. He would say
to his friends opposite, let us know the course you
intend to pursue. If you are sincere in the views
you have expressed, I conjure you, in the name of j
humanity, to stop this war. He desired to hear j
how the host of unredressed wrongs and injuries ,
committed by the Mexicans could be wiped out? j
In any event, he appealed to the majority to relieve 1
them from the responsibility and terminate this :
war. Let them present an undivided front to the I
Mexicans. j
The Mexican people did not understand the po-j
sition of parlies m this country; but if they saw, j
by unanimity of action here, that this country was |
determined to prosecute the war vigorously, wheth- j
er Mr. Clay, or General Taylor, or any other man, j
were President, they would come to terms. For I
what were the gentlemen opposite continuing this j
war? They say they want no territory; they say ,
the war was unjust and unconstitutional: why, |
then, would they continue it ? Was it from a love 1
of blood and carnage? Honor enough they had '
had; for, from the time the first blow was struck |
on the Rio Grande until our troops had secure 1
possession of the city of Mexico, they had ob- :
tamed a series of victories that had never been i
equalled. If he could conscientiously think with '
the gentlemen for a moment, he should not hesi- |
tate as to what couise he should pursue. The •.
majority on the other side had the power to do it.
The war could not go on without their consent.
They said it would inoculate the body politic to
incorporate Mexico in this Union; why, then, did !
they not take steps to end all further hostilities, !
and settle on teims of peace? From the decisive ;
vote given the other day, when only forty voted j
to withdraw our troops and terminate the war, he ;
presumed that it was the intention of gentlemen to 1
prosecute the war, and to prosecute ^vigorously. ■
Why, then, should they get up domestic quarrels I
here? Why should they agitate questions which '
could not, in the natural course of things, arise for
years tocomc ? Why tell these people that, though
willing to conduct the war until an honorable peace
can be made, yet, fight as long as they might,
offer all the obstacles to a settlement of hostilities
that they might, we would not ask for one foot of
land, nor for any indemnity beyond three or four
millions of dollars? He would not say this was 1
giving "aid and comfort to the enemy," but he :
would ask gentlemen, without attributing to them
any improper motives, if the Mexicans would not |
thereby be induced to hold out, and to endeavor !
to protract the war? What had the Mexicans!
to lose? They carried on a guerrilla warfare, and !
he doubted if they could get another army. They 1
knew that diseases and the climate were infinitely
more fatal to our armies than their own soldiers.
But if the Whigs would unite with the Democrats,
and declare that they intend to carry on the war
vigorously, and that until peace was secured, Mex-
ico must pay the expenses, they would have'an !
interest in bringing about a peace. We have ac- '
quired New Mexico and California without such ;
difficulties; and if we went on and established !
territorial government m Mexico, with the decla- j
ration that if we did not keep the country abso- i
lutely we should hold it in trust, it would be the j
means of effecting that which they all professed to i
desire. But if the Mexicans found divisions in I
the councils of this country; if they found that a
large portion of the people of the United States !;
would be willing to abandon the advantages gained, !;
the evils would be greater than the loss of the
money expended.
He had stated, in the outset of his remarks, that
there was no resolution offered here calling for in-
formation in relation to the order for the movement
of our army. He had been furnished with a reso-
lution which was submitted on the 3d of February,
1846, by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mx.
Ashmun,] which lie would read :
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the House of Representatives
any information in his possession, not heretofore communi-
cated, which affects the relations existing bptween the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico; and particularly
\\ hether the army or navy, or any part of either, had been
ordered to move towards that Republic, and what occur
rences have come to the knowledge of the President to
require such a movement* Provided, The infoimation can,
in his opinion, be communicated without detriment to the
public mteie>t."
Now, this was only sufficient to show that it was
known on the 3d of February that the order had
been given. This shows that-they had reason to
know that fact. But in the month of March it
was made public; and if Mr. Garrett Davis offered
a resolution, it was never carried further.
Mr. ASHMUN said the political friends of the
gentleman from Louisiana refused to allow it to be
acted upon.
Mr. MORSE said the resolution, if offered,
would require a suspension of the rules, as he was
informed, and required one day's notice, unless
unanimous consent were given. That was object-
ed to 
[The hour allotted to Mr. M. here expired, and
also the time during which the debate should con-
tinue.]
The CHAIRMAN then stated that the question
was on the substitute of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] to the series of lesolu-
tions of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton-,]
but that the latter would be taken up first for amend-
ment seriatimy before the vote was taken on the
substitu te.
The Clerk then read severally the 1st, 2d, 3d,
and 4th resolutions, to which no amendment was
offered. They were as follows :
lsit. Resolved. That fo much of the annual message of
the Piesident of the United States to the two Houses of
Congress, at the present session, as lias reference to the re-
lations of the United Sidles with foreign nation'—to the
causes that brought on the war with Mexico—to the alleged
invasion by Mexico of the State of Texas—to the com-
mencement ol hostilities—to the efforts made by the Presi-
dent of the United States to obtain a peace—io the cession
by Mexico to the United States of a poition of her territory
as an indemnity f >r our claims on her—to a release of Mex-
ico from her liabilities to our citizens, and the assumption of
their payment by the United States; together with the re-
commendation that the provinces of New Mexico and the
Cahformas should be retained by the United States as an in-
demnity—that they should hereafter be considered constitu-
ent parts of our country, and the civil laws and jurisdiction
of the United States extended over them; and the jeeom-
mendation that the other Mexican provinces which have
been reduced to our possession by conquest should continue
to be held as a means of coercing Mexico to terms of peace,
and that adequate compensation should be fixed by Jaw for
such officers, both civil and military, as maybe employed to
conduct such government,—be refeired to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
2d. That so much of said message as recommends that
territoiiul government!, be established in New Mexico and
the California-*, and the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment in Oregon, be referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
3d. That so much of said me&sage as relates to the state
and condition of the army, to its increase, and to its opera-
tions in Mexico, together with the report of the Secretary
of War accompanying said message, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
4th. That so much of said message as relates to the estab-
lishment of tribunals to tr> and punish crimes, and exeru >e
jurisdiction m mil cases over Aineueari citizens m China,
and so much a% relates to the imposition and collection of
duties on impoits into the ports of Mexico by order of the
President of the United States, and the dMiur>enieiit of the
moneys so collected, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with insiiuctions to said committee to inquire
and report by what law or authority said duties are imposed
and said money?, disbursed.
The fifth resolution was read, as follows :
5th. That so much of said message a> i elates to the com-
mcrce, tonnage, and navigation of the country, and to the
influence which the operations of the "ub-tiea-'ury. the ex-
clusion of the receipt of bank papei in payment of dues to
the Government, and the tariff act of the 30th ol July, A.JD.
1846, have had, and will have, on the trade and currency of
the country, together u.\tk so much of the accompanying report
of the Secrefary of the Treasury as relates to these subjects, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. VINTON was understood to say, that as
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury had
been referred, this resolution required amendment.
He therefore moved to strike out the words " to-
( gether with so much of the accompanying report
