1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283'
quest, and only conquest. With this avowal by
the President of his intention virtually to destroy
the whole country and annihilate its Government
—having arrived at this point in the war, the ques-
tion presented itself, "What are we to do?
The war had thus far been conducted with this
disguised design; but he had now reached the point
•where this masquerade was necessary no longer.
We had in Mexico an army, with general officers
looking for viceroyalties and governorships. We
had politicians, too, looking for posts and places of
a civil kind; and we had a shipping interest whose
interests were largely involved in the transportation
of men and munitions of war. And, lastly, we had
a people infatuated by the delusion of military
glory, and carried away by the hurrah -of national
fame and conquest. When the great and govern-
ing passions of a people were once roused by the
desire and confident hope of obtaining, by force of
arms from others, that winch by their own indus-
try they never could hope to acquire, we had
reached a point where the statesman must pause
and inquire, what was to be done' Men were
gathered into large assemblies and told that it was
our duty and our destiny to go ahead from con-
quering to conquer, and whoever dared to resist
tne onward rush was straightway denounced as a
traitor. We had now got up to the point where
there was no longer any need for keeping up the
thin disguise. The chairman of the Military Com-
mittee in the Senate of the United States—a man
high in political station, in personal, confidential
intercourse with the President—announced in his
place that we have a right to go on and conquer
Mexico; that we have a right, if she does not cede
to us all we want, to take from her whatever we
want by force; and it was maintained openly that
this was a great Democratic principle. Could it
be expected of Mr. C. that he should seriously and
coolly undertake to do battle against a doctrine
sue!) as this-^a doctrine which would have dis-
graced a barbarous age six hundred years ago ?
Yes, the avowal had at length been made. Yet it
was but an honest and unmasked avowal of the real
principle on which the war had been conducted
from the beginning, though hitherto under some
weak disguise and various excuses, changing with
the changing circumstances of the drama. Now it
stood naked, withouta veil, in the open light of
day, and Mr. C. had heard no reproof of the prin-
ciple thus avowed.
Mr. C. really did not know, under such circum-
stances, where or how to begin. He called upon
all who had any respect to the memory of our
forefathers, who, in declaring the war of our Inde-
pendence, professed to have a decent respect to
the opinions of mankind, and called upon the God
of battles to help the right. But here Mr. C. called
upon all who loved right, and loved their country,
to denounce and renounce a train of measures so
monstrous. He called upon all who had any regard
for justice, or fear of God, who was its Jiving em-
bodiment, to join their efforts to wipe this foul stain
from the hitherto fair name of our country.
He would fain speak with coolness on every fit
subject of discussion in this House, but he could
not do it. The subject stirred too deeply within
him. The abhorrence, the indignation he felt ren-
dered coolness impossible.
Mr. McKAY here interposed to explain. The
gentleman from Vermont should not do injustice to
the member of another branch of Congress. The
ground taken by the individual to whom he had
referred was, that, when we had a just claim against
another nation, and she was unable to pay us in
money, we had a right, if she refused to pay us in
territory, to take what was necessary by force.
He had not stated the doctrine so broadly as the
gentleman represented.
Mr. COLLAMER, resuming, said that he had
no reference to the explanations which the gentle-
man had made afterwards. He was speaking to
the doctrines promulgated at the time, and not to
what he had afterwards said in the way of explain-
ing it away.
The CtlAIR here called Mr. C. to order,
reminding him that it was out of order to speak of
what was said in a coordinate branch of Con-
gress.
Mr. COLLAMER replied that what he had
been commenting upon had been promulgated in a
public journal, and put forth by the official report-
er of the Senate. However, there was nothing
peculiar in the declarations to which he referred;
the only thing which rendered it remarkable was
its being somewhat premature. Under the prin-
ciple avowed, the President had only to set up a
claim against any foreign nation, no matter whether
well or ill-founded, and then he could take as much
of their territory as he chose and was able to take.
He had only to raise a claim, and then raise an
army. The principle covered the whole. After
the promulgation of doctrine like this to our own
people and before the world, Mr. C. hoped there
would be no more petty piddling excuses about
sending troops here or there, no more nice in-
quiries into dates; the broad doctrine was openly
avowed, that whatever we claimed we had a right
by force to take.
I will endeavor rapidly to state some of the
principles which I hold on this subject, and which
go to show clearly, to demonstrate that the acqui-
ring of territory by force of arms is an ac£ of
dangerous tendency, and ought not to be counte-
nanced.
In the first place, by doing so we do violence to
the first principles of our Government. Our Gov-
ernment is based upon the principle that mankind
are competent to self-government; therefore, to go
to a people and compel them, at the point of the
bayonet, to come into our Government, is a total
subversion of the very fundamental principles of
our Government.
In the next place, we have pretended that we
are competent to our own Government—that man-
kind can govern their own passions. What does
this say to the world ? Why, that the republi-
cans of America cannot govern their own passions;
that they have ungovernable desires to take other
people's property; that they have been preying
upon a weaker neighbor, and are seriously prepar-
ing to swallow up her very existence as a nation.
We do not govern ourselves, our own passions, in
the view of the^world, if we adopt any such pro-
ceeding.
In the next place, however much may have been
said about destroying the nationality of Mexico,
we should destroy our own nationality by such an
act. We shall cease to be the people that we were;
we cease to be the Saxon race Americanized—the
people coming from a proud intelligent ancestry,
capable of reducing to successful practice a gov-
ernment within ourselves. We shall take in seven
or ei^ht millions of people in no way homogene-
ous, incapable of being reduced to common feel-
ings, common interests, common desires with
us.
Again, we are told we must go on with the war,
because we must have " indemnity." One single
word upon that. What do the Executive and
those people who talk about it mean to he under-
stood when they talk about "indemnity ?" Do they
expect we are to attain dolhus and cents to put into
the treasury, to replenish the outlays of millions
which we have incurred? Now, what is there in
Mexico from which we can obtain one single dol-
lar? Can we derive anything from any or all her
lands? I take it that nobody supposes we could
take away lands which are now in the hands of
individual proprietors. Through the whole of Mex-
ico there is not an acre fit for cultivation which is not
granted away or hypothecated, and which has not
been for a hundred years. 1 know that gentlemen
consider that this people are exceedingly hungry
for land. They say it runs in our race. I know
it did when we fought the Indians for land, and
drove them across the Ohio. When St. Clair was
defeated by the Indians, and when our men return-
ed to bury their dead, tl;ey found the Indians had
filled the mouths of all our dead men with earth!
Whatever may be the bait held out on this score,
there can be none obtained; and I verily believe, it j
appears very obvious, that a large part of those j
people who talk of u indemnity" know that there 1
is no land from which a dollar can be obtained. !
Therefore this story about getting "indemnity" j
is a delusion, a perfect and groundless delusion, ]
however hungry our people may be for land. j
But it is said we must stay and fight it out, be- 1
cause we cannot make peace. That pleais equally
false. Was there not, m the Trist treaty, an offer
made by the Mexicans for peace? If you would
stop this hungry hankering desire for conquest, you
could makepeacein thirty days. The onlydifficulty
was, then, that this Government insisted on the
whole of New Mexico as well as California. The
pretence, therefore, that you have got to go on, and
you have got so far that you can better go on than
£o back, is all a delusion and- falsehood. I do not
charge any man with lying about it, but it is a
perfectly unfounded assertion.
The next objection I have to the conquest of
Mexico is, that I consider, when the people are
baited on by the desire of conquest and deluded by
the idea of military glory, we are mortgaging our
own country for a debt of millions and hundreds
of millions. A yet undisclosed debt is to be incur-
red in this war of conquest, and what is to become
of it? It is to become a mortgage, a lien on all the
industry, all the results of industry, all the lands,
and all the property of this country, for a succes-
sion of generations to come.
My next objection is, if the laws of nations are
not to be utterly overridden and treated as mere
moonshine, as our Constitution is too often treated—
if any respect is to be had to the opinions of mankind,
and the laws of mankind—if wc conquer Mexico,
we must take all her debt with her. I do not un-
dertake to say it will ever be paid; I do not under-
take to say how rife repudiation will ever become;
but this I know, if the laws of nations are to be
regarded, every, dollar is to be paid. I cannot stop
to read authorities on this point; but I refer gentle-
men to Yattel, book 2, section 203; in which,after
treating of this subject at some length, he says:
"For a conqueror to refuse to pay the debts of the
4 country which he has subdued, would be robbing
< the creditor with whom he is not at war."
Do you not perceive, in all the orders given to
our commanding officers, they are required careful-
ly to avoid touching foreign property? Well, who
owns this debt against Mexico ? England, France,
and other nations besides ours—I do not know
how many uncounted millions. Therefore, when
you conquer the territory, you incur the debt; you
are to count up your own millions with the millions
which Mexico owes too. All this would have to
be paid if you do not utterly override the laws of
nations.
Another reason which is assigned why the army
should not come home is, that we should incur
national disgrace and national dishonor. I do not
profess to be quite as nice a judge of honor as
many men, not being very well versed in the pecu-
liar principles of what is called the code of honor.
I know something about the laws of common hon-
esty, and I take it that whatever is national honesty
is consistent with national honor. I once heard
a man remark, that he never knew a person appeal
to his honor but he had 'used up his honesty. I think
there is considerable foundation for the remark;
and my idea is, that whatever can be done with
honesty can be done with honor.
The question then is, Can we honestly come
home? " Oh ! but somebody will say something
about your running away." Is it possible thar,
after these repeated successful battles, anybody
will charge us with running away ? Is it nccessary
that, after you have your adversary down, you
should keep your foot on his neck and strip him,
and take your pay in his clothes? If that ishonoi*,
it belongs to some code with which I am not ac-
quainted. No, it is national honor and national
magnanimity to come home. Wehavedone enough
and more than enough.
But it is said it is our " destiny" to go. Why,
it seems to me, if such a thing is destined to be done,
it docs not require much aid from us. If I am des-
tined to have my neighboi's horse, am I therefore
destined to go and steal him? It seems to me, I
would let " destiny" work, and I should get him
honestly by-and-by. This plea of " manifest des-
tiny" was first avowed in this House in reference,
to the Oregon question by a gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Baker.] At that time it produced general
laughter; it was matter of general derision through
the House. Now it is adopted as one of the po-
pular issues of party ! It was our " destiny" to
go up to 54° 40'. Well, the President settled the
question upon a line some five degrees lower, and
did not the people acquiesce?
But it is said, in behalf of the conquest, that
thereby we should do good to the people of Mex-
ico 1 A doctrine of this kind was the doctrine of
the crusades; it is the very doctrine with which
Cortez disgraced the christianized world when he
overrun Mexico before. It is the plea which has
been at the foundation of every conquest and cru-
sade which has disgraced the world. It will not
do for a people to adopt the idea that their institu-
tionsare better than any body's else, and undertake
to force them upon others at the point of the bay-
