1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 2, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RHETT said that yesterday, unconscious
of offence to any one, he was absent from his seat,
preparing the speech he delivered last week for
the press, and therefore had not the opportunity
of correcting at the time they were made several
misconceptions and perversions (unintentional, no
doubt) of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.^Goo-
gin.] His first misstatement—that which in real-
ity is the cause of his heat and personalities—is as
follows:
" Was it for that gentleman to say to tlie Whigs of that
House that nine out often of them were the very men who
prolonged the war ? Mr. G. never had heard such a charge
brought by either side in a political contest before—to brand
a whole party, and that in tune of war, with giving aid and
comfort to the enemies of their country, and prolonging the
very war they continually denounced! Who commissioned
that gentleman to come here and read to the members of
this House lectures on political morals and regard for the
Constitution?1'
Now, (said Mr. R.,) I .said nothing- whatever
in my speech about the Whig: party "giving1 aid
and comfort to the enemies of their country." I
did not charge them with li prolonging the war."
What I said was this: that nine-tenths of them
(and this expression, he admitted, was entirely too
strong) would be very sorry to hear to-morrow
that a peace was concluded, and that they were
very willing that the war should continue until
the next Presidential election, although they de-
nounced it. And, sir, I assigned my reasons for
this opinion. They looked to the war as the
e;rand lever for lifting them to power in the next
Presidential campaign. He had not expressed
that opinion lightly; he had said so because he
believed it. Nor (lid this imply any charge of a
want of patriotism on their part. Why might not
the Whig party 
Here Mr. T. BUTLER KING called Mr.
Rhett to order. The gentleman had asked leave
to make a personal explanation; but, instead of
doing this, he was going into an elaborate statement
of reasons in vindication of a former speech, and
explaining why he had brought certain charges
on the Whig party.
The CHAIR replied to Mr. King, that it was
not competent for tne Chair to decide what a gen-
tleman might think necessary to a personal expla-
nation. The House had unanimously given per-
mission to the gentleman to explain, and the Chair
could not interfere.
Mr. KING thought that if gentlemen, when
allowed by the courtesy of the House to make
personal explanations, abused that courtcsy by
going into attacks on political opponents, they
ought to be stopped.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the gentleman
from South Carolina have leave to proceed.
Mr. T. B. KING. To proceed in order, not
out of order.
The CHAIR ruled that Mr. R. might proceed.
Mr. RHETT said he had no wish to be out of
order; he had been explaining that in making cer-
tain clmrgos on the Whig party, he had spoken
only what lie believed; but that he had by no means
intended to charge on his political opponents any
want of patriotism or fidelity to their own princi-
ples. And in saying this, it did not follow that he
put any " brand" on the Whig party. They may
conscientiously believe that the Mexican war, for
the next six months, was a far less evil than the
continued ascendency of the Democratic party.
Many, too, may be of opinion that the debt which
the war must create will be of greater benefit to the
country, from the protection it will afford to our
manufacturing interest, by the increased duty on
imports it will require, than the direct evils of the
war itself. But even had he asserted what the gen-
tleman charges he did, " that the Whig party was
in favor oi'prolonging the war," it would have been
nothing to be offended at; it would not have been
without justification. Here, where the supplies
must originate, the Whig party have a majority,
and can, therefore, by declaring their determina-
tion to refuse the supplies, stop the wdfc at once.
Congress has been in session two months,and they
have not done this. More than this, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, entirely under their con-
trol, has reported a loan bill of eighteen millions
of dollars to this House. If they will not sJ,op the
war when they can at any day, but, on the con-
trary, propose the supplies, is it an exceptionable
charge that they are willing it should continue or
be prolonged ?
Ihe next error of statement by the gentleman
from Virginia is as follows:
" That gentleman had been too recently initiated into the
secrets of the Cabinet to learn his own lesson; and yet he
came to talk to membeis of that House about the powers
and prerogatives of the President, and based his entire
speech on the doctrine that the Executive bad a right to
withhold from the people and the people's representatives
acknowledge of the ends and purposes for which he had
begun, or was still prosecuting, the existing war."
This basis of his entire speech, Mr. R. said, he
had unfortunately never heard of before. He
knew of no call upon the Executive to communi-
cate to this House " the ends and purposes for
which he had begun, or was still prosecuting, the
existing war." That point, therefore, had never,
to his knowledge, been made in the debate, or in
the House. There had been a call upon the Presi-
dent to communicate to this House the instructions
given by the President to Mr. Slideli in his mis-
sion to Mexico. To that point he had spoken,
and had contended that the President had a right
to withhold the information the House required;
but even this point was by no means the basis of
his speech. It formed but a part—one only of
many other false positions assumed in the debate
which he controverted.
The next error is no better than those lie had
already noticed:
"The gentleman had said, 'So help him God, if he be-
lieved the President guilty of a Violation of the Constitution,
he would vote to impeach ium to-monow.5 Could not the
gentleman see, even from his own rase, that a man might
attempt the groses-t violation of the Constitution of his coun-
try, and jet not even be ariested? Why bad foe not im-
peached General Jackson ? There had been a Democratic
majority at the time in the Ilou>e, yet they nevei voted an
impeachment."
The charge here is that my professions are not
honest, because, being in Congress, I did notcarry
them out with respect to General Jackson. With-
out saying anything with respect to General Jack-
son, who only earned out laws which Congress
had passed, it is enough to repel the charge of
inconsistency, for me to state that I was not a
member of Congress during any part of General
Jackson's administration.
The gentleman fromHVirginiafurther says:
" At the last session, that gentleman had voted with the
Whigs againsuhe insertion ot the preamble in the bill of
supplies which declared tbat thia war existed by the act of
Mexico. * * * When the gentleman from South Caro-
lina got up here and chaiged the Whigs with prolonging this
war, and yet had refused to hay the war wa^ begun by Mex-
ico, what vvete the inferences to be dtavvn from this vote?
vSomobody, surely, must have commenced the war; the gen-
tleman lefiifed to declare that it was the Mexican?- , then it
must have been somebody in the United States. It was not
Congress; who, then, was it? '
Sir, said Mr. R., I refused to vote that Mexico
" begun the war,9'' as I have refused here to vote
that the President " begun the war.99 Both of these
positions, I have argued, were erroneous; and a
large portion of my speech (to which the gentle-
man seems so carefully to have attended) was de-
voted to establish the proposition that Congress
alone, under the Constitution, can begin or declare
war, and that by the act of May, 1846, Congress
did declare and begin the war.
Again, the gentleman from Virginia says :
" The gentleman had stood shoulder to shoulder with the
Whigs m deelaung that it was not begun by Mexico; and
yet, in five minutes after giving that vote, had voted the sup-
ply bill with the preamble in its front, thereby voting in
direct and open contradiction of his own speech. Now,
when a gentleman of this sort charged inconsistency on the
Whig*, it would perhaps be as weil be should look fir t at
his own."
Mr. R. said that if he had been guilty of incon-
sistency, he shared it with the whole Whig party
in the last Congress, with but a very few excep-
tions. But, in truth, there was no inconsistency
at all. Everybody knows that a preamble is no
part of a law. He had voted against an incorrect
preamble; and, when he voted for the law, he
voted for all in it that constituted the law, which
did not include the preamble. So far as the law
was concerned, the preamble was nothing but a
little blacking on paper. He should always deem
it his duty to vote for any law he approved of, in
spite of any preambles.
The last matter he would noticc was not per-
sonal as regards his argument, but personal as
regards his conduct. The gentleman had quoted
from a speech delivered by him (Mr. R.) in the
South Carolina Convention which repealed the
ordinance of nullification:
" Had the gentleman been himself such a devoted friend
to the Constitution, such an attached admirer and lover of
this Union? Let any one listen for a moment to the lan-
guage he had used in the South Carolina Convention In
March, 1833: i I cannot palter with conscience or play the
t hypocrite ; nor can Carolina, consistently with her honor
i or truth, dissemble as to her true situation. I boldly de-
i clare it, (and I believe I express the feelingsof the freemen
i Irepresent,) under the Government as administered, I have
*no ardent attachment to the Union of these States.'
And yet that was the gentleman who stood up here and de-
nounced the whole Whig party as guilty of prolonging this
war! Whence, Mr. G. would again ask, had that gentleman
his authority ? Did he get it from his own consistency, pru-
dence, loyalty to the Constitution, and love to this Union?
Hear him again : 'No; for here is the hill of blood by
< which the little of the Constitution that wa3 left is scat-
' teied to the winds; and the sword and the purse of the
{Confederacy are placed m the hands of an insolent and
1 bmtal dictator.'
The gentleman seemed to regard this as a great
outrage against the Constitution and the Union, so
much so as to render any man who had been guilty
of it for ever after incapable of speaking about
either the Constitution or the Union. Sir, said Mr.
R., we, in South Carolina, as consicentiously be-
lieved, in that day, that we were upholding the
Constitution of the United States as those opposed
to us.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, here called
Mr. R. to order, and objected to his proceeding.
This was not a personal explanation; it was the
commencement of a discussion on the subject of
nullification.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman was speak-
ing under the unanimous permission of the House.
There was no question before the House, and
therefore the remarks of the gentleman could not
be objected to as irrelevant. The gentleman from
South Carolina had received unlimited permission
to say whatever he might,deem necessary to a per-
sonal explanation, with this only restriction, that
of avoiding personalities in debate. It seemed,
therefore, to the Chair, that as the gentleman was
invading no rule of the House, (all rules being sus-
pended,) it had no power to interpose to arrest the
gentleman's course of remark. He ruled the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to be in order.
Mr. ROCKWELL toojtan appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER required Mr. Rockwell to
reduce his appeal to writing; which he was pro-
ceeding to do, when—
Mr. RHETT said, thatif he had been right be-
fore, he certainly must be right now; for he had
just got to the real point, and he submitted whether
in such a state of things an appeal could lie ?
Mr. BURT said, he trusted the gentleman would
save the House the question by consenting to with-
diaw the appeal.
Mr. ROCKWELL said, he had no objection to
do so if the gentleman would confine himself, in
his further remarks, to what was strictly personal.
He thereupon withdrew the appeal.
Mr. RHETT then resumed. I was observing,
that so far from being violators of the Constitution,
on the contrary, after the proclamation of Presi-
dent Jackson, we considered ourselves as alone
carrying the ark of the Constitution. And I do
not tloubt, if the gentleman from Virginia had been
in a similar situation, he would have used lan-
guage at least as strong as that which he correctly
says I used towards the Union. As he has spoken
of the " immortal resolutions of 1798," I must pre-
sume he would have been with the Republicans of
Virginia in the eventful struggle by that great State
against the alien and sedition laws.
Mr. GOGGIN here interposed to explain, and
said, that he was not correctly represented in this
part of the report of his remarks. He had not
spoken of the resolutions of 1798, but of the great
Whig party of 1848.
Mr. RHETT. Well, sir, it will be no shame
to him to suppose that he would have been with
his native State in her resistance to that first great
aggression on the Constitution and the rights of
the States.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, here interposed. It
was important, he said, that the House should de-
cide what were and what were "not the rights of
members of the House when allowed to make per-
sonal explanations here. He would therefore raise
a point of order as to the gentleman 's further pro-
ceeding, and would reduce it to writing.
He did so, and his point of order was read at
the Clerk's table. It was, in substance, that the
