THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1848.
New Series No. 19..
dent had been as anxious as gentlemen now allege
to find some pretext on which he might so direct
the movement of our troop? as to involve the two
countries in war, here was the unqualified recom-
mendation of the commanding general of the army
in favor of the movement. But did he at this time
act upon the recommendation? No*, lie deliber-
ated upon it, and it was not until some time after-
wards that he actually issued the order, which
was recommended by General Taylor, and which
gentlemen now say was the cause of the war.
But in November 7, 1845—for we now come to
consider what the gentleman from Indiana said
was the retraxit of General Taylor—so far from
its being a retraxit, if the House would attend to
its reading, they would see that the President of
the United States acted literally upon its recom-
mendation. On November 7, General Taylor
•writes thus:
"The intellig<&ce from Mexico, however, tends to mod-
ify, in some degree, the views expressed in that communi-
cation. The position now occupied by the troops may,
perhaps, be the best, while negotiations are pending, oi at
any rate, until a disposition shall be manifested by Mexico
to protract them unreasonably."
In this, he modifies the political recommendation
which he made in his previous despatch, as to the
probable effect of the advance of the troops to the
Rio Grande upon the subject of negotiations; but
still urges on the Presidentof the United States,that
in either of two events—the failure to negotiate,
or the effort on the part of Mexico unnecessarily
to protract the negotiations—then this order ought
to be carried out. Was that a retraxit ? What
did the President do? I put it now to the candor
of the gentleman from Indiana, if he is willing to
abide by the recommendation of General Taylor?
Will he justify the President if he only made
the order under the exact state of circumstances in
which it was recommended to be made by General
Taylor? The very hypothesis on which General
Taylor recommended the removal of our troops,
viz: the failure to negotiate* had come to pass be-
fore the President gave the order. And not only
this, but the other hypothesis, viz: a disposition
was shown on the part of Mexico ** unreasonably
to protract negotiations." And still it is said that
the President of the United States, in issuing that
order, justified as he was by the state of things
which existed in the Republic of Mexico; justified
by the warlike attitude assumed by that ftepublie
towards the United States: justified by the prepara-
tions for war which that Government had made;
justified by the recommendation of our military
commander who was there on the spot, and who
was intrusted to a considerable extent with the
management of the difficulties existing between
the two Republics,—it is said that the President, in
issuing this order, justified by these considera-
tions, commenced an unnecessary and unconstitu-
tional war, for which the most bitter denunciations
are heaped upon him by gentlemen who, at the
same time, shout hosannahs to the general who,
writing from the scene of difficulty, perhaps had
more influence on the mind of the President in
issuing that order than any other man ! I know
not to what extent the President was influenced
by this recommendation, but I have no hesitation
in saying he ought to have been operated upon
by it.
These were the circumstances under which the
order for the advance of our troops from Corpus
Christi to the Rio Grande was issued.
I come now to consider another position, and
that has reference to the fact that the policy of the
President of the United States, in reference to the
defence of the western frontier of Texas', was
communicated to Congress by the President prior
to the issuing of the order. I say the policy indi-
cated by that order, and which that order was
intended to carry out, was communicated by the
President of the United States in his annual mes-
sage to Congress at the commencement of the ses-
sion, in the course of which that order was issued.
To show this, I will read a short extract or two
from the message of Mr. Polk in December, 1845.
"The jurisdiction of the United States, which at the for-
mation of the Federal Constitution was bounded by ihe St.
19
Mary's on the Atlantic, has passed the Capes ofFioiida,and
been peacefully extended to the DelNorte
Here is a declaration in the message of the Pres-
ident of what he considers th^g western boundary
of Texas, viz: the Rio del Norte.
Again, in the same message, he informs Con-
gress :
"Our army was ordered to take position in the country
between the "Nueces and the Del Norte, and to repel any in-
vasion of the Texan territory which might be attempted by
the Mexican foices. £)ui ^uadion in the Gulf was ordered
to cooperate with the army."
What was the Texan territory which the Presi-
dent told the country at that early day the army
was placed between the Nueces and the Rio del
Norte for the purpose of defending? It is imma-
terial how we may differ here about the line be-
tween the Nueces and the Del Norte. We are
inquiring now as to the policy of the President of
the United- States. What line did he inform you
was the line to defend—which the army was
placed between the Nueces and the Del Norte to
defend? In the extract first read, the President
informed Congress that, in his judgment, the west-
ern boundary of Texas was the Rio del Norte; he
then says, in the last extract, that our troops had
been ordered between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande for the purpose of protecting the territory
of Texas—that territory which, in his judgment,
extended to the Rio del Norte.
But the Secretary of War, in his annual report
accompanying this message of the President in
December, 1845, gives information of the same
thing. He says:
"The ready acceptance on the part of Texas of the terms
of annexation proffered by this Government excited the ill
will of the Government of Mexico. That Republic menaced
the immediate commencement of hostilities against the
United States, and set on foot, as it was said, extensive
pteparations to invade and subjugate Texas. Pursuant to
your directions, an army of occupation was assembled in
that State, and Brigadier General Taylor assigned to the
command of it. lie was instructed to repel Mexican aggres-
sions, and protect the country from Indian invasions; to
regard the Rio del Norte (V> ih western bouwlrtry, find to select
a position for kin forces with reference to this frontier; but to
leave unmolested Mexican settlements, and also military
posts, should there be any such posts on the east bank of
that river, which were, in the occupation of Mexican forces
previously ?o the period when Texas assented to the terms
of annexation."
Sir, there is the Communication made both by
the President of the United States and the Secre-
tary of War, at the commencement of the session
of Congress in 1845, showing us, clearly as lan-
guage can express, that the President considered
the Rio Grande as the western boundary of Texas,
and that an order had already been issued, and the
troops posted there, for the purpose of protecting
to the Rio del Norte. Was any movement made
in Congress about it? None; and yet the troops,
we were informed by the President, were in what
gentlemen claim to be disputed territory, between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and which march
is now claimed by gentlemen to have been the
commencement of the war.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lincoln,]
a few days ago, introduced a resolution inquiring
of the President as to the particular spot on which
American blood was spilt in the commencement of
this struggle. I ask him and his party to say
what particular spot of territory it was that the
army first placed their foot upon, that constituted
the commencement of this " unnecessary and un-
constitutional" war ? Where was it? If the Nu-
eces be the boundary, and if all between it and the
Rio del Norte be disputed territory or the territory
of Mexico, which cannot be touched by the troops
of the United States-without bringing on a war,
where was it that our troops commenced the war?
On what spot was it that they planted their foot-
steps, and thereby brought about this war? Is
not Corpus Christi the other side of the Nueces?
And was not the army of the United States at Cor-
pus Christi on the other side of the Nueces? You
afe stickling about the commencement of this war;
tell me how it was that you sat quietly, without
opening your mouths in complaint, and allowed the
army of the United States to plant themselves on
the western border of the Nueces, thus commencing
the war, as you now claim ? There were th« troops
at Corpus Coristi, on the western bank of the
Nueces*. If the marching of the army between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande by the President
was the commencement of the war, I want to know
how gentlemen arotodraw the distinction.between
Corpus Christi and any other point on the west
side of the river; for you 3ay the Nueces is the
boundary of Texas, and when our troops passed
that river that the war commenced ? I repeat,
gentlemen were notified of this thing, that long
before the troops commenced their march the order
had issued. But what were gentlemen on the
opposite side in this House, and m the other
branch of Congress, doing at that time? Look
at the position of affairs then: the step had been
taken which, it is now declaied by a solemn vote
of this House, was an unnecessary and unconsti-
tutional commencement of the war by the Presi-
dent; consider the horrors of war, aftd of one
brouglit on unnecessarily and unconstitutionally
by the President of the United States; look at the
tremendous consequences resulting from permitting
the President with impunity to commence and
carry on such a war; and yet gentlemen, who were
informed of this state of things, who saw the
counUy on the very verge of a calamitous, un-
necessary, and unconstitutional war, put forth no
effort to restrain the Executive. A distinguished
Senator from Delaware [Mr. J. M, Clayton*]
says he put the matter into the hands of a gentle-
man in this House. But did he not know that
the Democratic majority here was larger than in
the Senate, and, from the very organization of so
large a House, and the difference in its rules from
those of the Senate, a resolution of inquiry could
not be brought in with anything like the ease it
could be in the Senate, where, by the courtesy
of that body, it might be brought up almost any
morning? yet he sits still and contents himself with
merely handing over the subject to a member of
this House. ,
But I pass on, andcome now to tlie bill declaring
a state of war to exist between this Government
and the Republic of Mexico; and here I will de-
tain you but a single moment. JNow, "after this
order had been given, and the two countries in-
volved in hostilities or war—I care not which—I
call upon gentlemen on the opposite side to say if
the time had not arrived, in ease it iiad not before,
for them to arrest this profligate Administration,
which had thus unnecessarily and unconstitution-
allyinvolved us in war? If you believed the ad-
vance of the troops was unnecessary and uncon-
stitutional, ought you not, injustice to the Mexi-
cans, upon whose rights aggressions had thus been
made—in justice to the Constitution of our country,
which, as freemen and as statesmen, you should
venerate, to have interposed and endeavored to
save the country from the calamitous consequences
of that act? But, by referring to the proceedings
of Congress at that time, we find no effort was
made for the purpose of bringing our army back
from this unnecessary and unconstitutional war.
1 read from the proceedings in the House upon the
war bill:
"Mr. E. B. Holmes ofieied the following amendment,
which, by ajes 8, noes 122, was lejcctrd .
"Pioo'ded, That the provisions of this (the first) resolu-
tion do not, nor shall they be deemed to, apply to thai por-
tion of the country we*-t and south of the river Nueces,
except so far a^ to withdraw, and, if need be, to rescue our
army from the region of the Rio Grande."
There was an effort on the part of the gentle-
man from New York to save his country, to rescue
the Constitution, and avert from both nations the
horrors of a war thus unnecessarily and unconsti-
tutionally made by the President <5f the United
States, as gentlemen have since declared; but what
favor did it receive in this House? It was rejected
by ayes 8, noes 122. Where were then the friends
of this most remarkable declaration, which has
now been entered on the records of Congress?
Where were then those who looked upon the re-
moval of our troops from Corpus Christi to the
Rio Grande as the commencement of the war—as
the unnecessary and unconstitutional act ot the
President of the United States? They manifested
no disposition to stand by the gentleman fro:a
