1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
the extent it would go to this purpose, to which it
is pledged in the loan bill of the last session.
He believed we had reached a point in the pro-
secution of this war and in the finances of the
country which appealed to the patriotism of those
who brought this war upon the country—those
who stand by the Administration and defend it—
he believed we had reached a crisis which required
them to come forward now and test the partiality
of the'American people for this war by imposing
the necessary taxes to meet the interest and pro-
vide for the payment of the principal of the public
debt.
He here avowed himself to be in favor of the
plan of levying direct taxes if this war was to be
continued. He did not desire to continue this war
on credit, without any means being provided to
meet even the interest on the debt to be created.
He would ask if such a course would be honest?
^VVas it just? He was not willing to go on year
after year in the prosecution of a war to gratify the
■ambitious designs of our rulers, accumulating a
national debt for the next generation to pay, and
at the same time impose no burdens on ourselves
nor provide any means for its redemption. It was
neither just nor honest to do so. At the com-
mencement of this' Government, in the first report
made by the Secretary of the Treasury under the
administration of Washington, a recommendation
was made of this principle, which an attempt was
made to establish, that no loan should at any time
be obtained without at the same time providing the
means by which the debt should be paid. He
would read a short extract from that report:
" Incorporating, as a fundamental moan'm, in the system of
public credit of the United States, that the crcation of debt
should always be accompanied by the means of extinguish-
ment; thai this is the true secret for rendering public cicdit
immortal; and that it is difficult to conceive a -situation in
which there may not bean adherence to the imtxim."
It would need no prophet to foretell, if we con-
tinued this war in this manner one year longer,
that not only would the stocks of this Government
be hawked about Wall street seeking buyers at a
depi-eciation, but no buyers would be found. We
had heard a great deal said about the last war with
Great Britain, jnd this war has been compared
with that. Those who were opposed to this war
had been compared to those who were opposed to
that war; but there was a striking difference be-
tween the friends of the two wars. The friends
of the last war in Congress were willing to meet
the crisis like men. They were not opposed to
die imposition of burdens on their constituents to
meet the expenses of the war; and during the very
first year, §1,725,000 were raised by internal duties,
and three millions by direct taxation among the
States. This was the course then pursued. Why
do not the friends of this war, who tell us the war
is so popular with the people, make some such
provision to meet the expenses now incurred? The
first thing done by the friends of the late war was
to double the duties oil imports; whereas, since
this war was commenced, duties had been cut
down fifty per cent. Surety in this there was a
great difference. If there was necessity for meas-
ures of that kind at that time, it was doubly neces-
sary now. Why, the expenses of this war were
greatly, very greatly, beyond the expenses of the
fate war with Great Britain. Ho would refer to
the expenses of this Government for a period of
years, embracing the period of the late war with
Great Britains to show that he was correct in this
position. From the 31st December, 1811, to the
31st December, 1512, the expenses of this Gov-
ernment were #17,829,498 70. From the 31st
December, 1812, to the same day of 1813, the
expenses were #28,082,396 92. From the same
day of 1813 to 31st December, 1814, they were
§30,127,686 38. Thus, in three years, embracing
the whole period of the war with Great Britain,
the national expenses, including all the expenses
of the war, as well as the civil establishment,
were $76,039,582 20.
Now, what were the expenses contracted by this
war? The expenses of the Government, from
the 30th June, 1846, to the 30th June, 1847, were
#59,451,177 65. That was for a period but one
month after the war was begun. For the year
from the 30th June, 1847, to the 30th June, 1848,
the estimated expenses -were #58,615,660 07. And
theestimates forthe next year were #55,644,941 72.
The aggregate for these three years was #173,-
711,779 44, or an excess over the expenditures
during the late war of #97,672,197 44; more, in
fact, than double the expenses of the late war;
for the whole aggregate for that war, as he had
shown, was but #76,039,582 20. They all, ho.w^
ever, must know that these estimates were not
correct. It would be noticed that the Secretary of
the Treasury had estimated the expenses of this
less than the past year, and for the next less than
the present. The expenses of the first year of
the war were estimated to be greater than would
be required for subsequent years, when they had
every reason to believe they would be much higher.
If, however, the expenses should be only as high,
then the excess would be #102,213,958 95. But
did any gentleman there suppose the expenses
would be less this year than the last? Did not
every one know that the estimates for those years
were erroneous? Nay, they were absurd. Every
one must know that as the war progressed its ex-
penses would increase. They were already called
upon to raise thirty thousand more troops, and,
while calling upon them to do this, the Executive
told them that the war could be prosecuted for a
less sum than it was the past year. Did gentle-
men believe it? Would the people of this country,
would any man of ordinary intelligence believe it?
What had they done towards reducing the ex-
penses for the next year? Had they decreased
the pay of the soldier? Had they diminished the
soldiers'rations? Had they cut off any of the
perquisites which the army might claim ? Had
they done anything to lessen the expense of this
war? Nothing, absolutely nothing; and yet, ac-
cording to the reasoning of the Executive, we may
go on to raise new armies, and all the while the
expense shall be less than heretofore. The idea
was absurd.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Mc-
Kay,] who has served several years on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, a few days since told
us, that after the war was ended, the ordinary rev-
enues of the Government would be sufficient to
pay every expense of the Government, and the
interest of-the debt, without other taxation. But
was that opinion of the gentleman from North
Carolina correct?. Let us look for a moment at
the facts. The receipts for the year ending 30th
June, 1846, were #29,499,247 06. That amount
was raised thus: from customs, #26,712,667 87;
from public lands, #2,694,452 48; and miscella-
neous, #92,126 71: The expenses for the same
period—and they were for a peace establishment,
when a Democratic Administration was carrying
out its professions of reform—were #28,031,114 20,
being an excess of receipts over expenditures of
$1,418,132 86. If the revenue of the Government
exceeded the expenditures so small an amount
then, what must it he now? Did the gentleman
from North Carolina really believe we could bring
down our expenditures to our receipts' And how
long will it take to get rid of the army? The ad-
ditional expense of the military establishment
would be found to be immense. They all knew
that the army never would be brought down,
while he or any there lived, to the standard at
which it was before the war began. No man
could expect it. If, then, there was only so small
a surplus at the time of which he had spoken,
where were they to get the means to pay this six
millions of interest? From what sources was it to
be derived?- They could not get it from any
source.
But let them look at the next year. The entire
revenues for the year ending 30th June, 1847, were
^26,346,790 37. The expenditures for the same
period were #59,451,177 65. Of this amount,
#18,365,518 03 were the estimated expenses of the
war; and for pay to volunteers and militia the
sum was #1,368,709 40. There was, besides, for
the redemption .of the loan and treasury notes,
1 #2,402,817 65; making, in all, #22,137,045 08;
| leaving for other expenses #37,314,123 57—being
j an excess over the revenue of #10,967,333 20.
I How, then, could it be expected that this debt
could be paid out of the revenues of the Govern-
1 ment without other taxation ?
Mr. McKAY" inquired whence the gentleman
from Indiana obtained his statistics?
Mr. C. B. SMITH replied, that he took them
as he found them given m the Secretary's report.
Here, then, was an excess of expenditures over
revenue of nearly eleven millions of. dollars; and
i when they came to add to the ordinary expenses
i of the Government six millions for interest of the
' debt, he asked gentlemen where they would derive
the means to pay these demands ? The expenses
of the army would be increased, and it .could not
be expected that they could meet their engagements-
without additional taxation. They could not-ex-
pect to receive more than thirty millions, while the;
expenses of the Government after the war would'
not be less than thirty-five millions; and when they
added six millions as the interest on the public
debt, making forty-one millions of dollars.to be
provided for, what were they to do ? Yet this was
the kind of financiering which accompanied this
Mexican war at this remarkable epoch of our his-«
tory. We are going on with the prosecution of a
war on credit; we are creating a great national debt;
and soon we should see treasury notes and Gov-
ernment stocks sold in Wall street, the New York
money market, at less than par. He believed they
had not reached par since this session of Congress
began, with a tendency downwards all the time.
He believed it to be their duty to provide imme-
diate means, by direct taxation, to raise a fund with-
which they could be able to meet the debt, and not
suffer it to go on accumulating year after year with-
out making any provision for its redemption. But
he would say no more on that subject. There
were other matters on which he wished to say a
few words. •
He would be glad if some friend of this Admin-
istration, some advocate of this war, would inform
him with what object it was prosecuted. He
should be glad if the President or any of his friends
would point out clearly the line of operations which
it was intended to pursue. He had heard a great
deal said about this war being prosecuted vigor-
ously to obtain an honorable peace; and yesterday
one gentleman asked if they desired a dishonorable
peace. All certainly desired an honorable peace;
and when gentlemen told the House that they
would prosecute this war for the purpose of ob-
taining an honorable peace, he should be glad if
they would come out and define their meaning,
and let the House and the country know what they
meant by an " honorable peace."
But there was another phrase, which he believed
originated with the President; for, the first time
he-saw it was in a Presidential message, whence
it was soon caught up by the friends of the Admin-(
istration and became current It was this: that
this war was to bo prosecuted to obtain " indem-
nity for the past and security for the future." In-
demnity for the past!" Perhaps they could sill
understand what that means; but what meant the
cabalistic phrase, " security for the future ?" Was
security for the future to be found in the possession
of all Mexico? Were we to provide against a
breach of the peace by taking the whole country ?
Was it to be done by the establishment of a mili-
tary force there, to keep the people of Mexico in
subjection? He would like to know what was
really the meaning of these words.
Well, the President desired " indemnity for the
past and security for the future.'' He was very
desirous to obtain an " honorable peace." The
President told us in his late message, that he had
authorized Mr. Trist- to negotiate a peace. It ap-
peared that the President, in such negotiations,
desired to obtain New Mexico and California.
His language in his message of the 7th December
was this :
"The boundary of the Rio Grande, and the cession to the
United States of New Moyico and Upper California, consti-
tuted an ultimatum which our commissioner was under no
circumstances to yield."
And why did he want New Mexico and Cali-
fornia? Oh! there were the expenses of the war
and spoliations on our commerce, and we were to
have this territory as an indemnity. The Presi-
dent repudiated conquests; yet he told us that this
territory was worth more than the amount of our
claims, and, therefore, our commissioner was in-
structed to give a liberal equivalent. The follow-
ing were the terms in which he spoke on this
^ : tiie teri itorv to be acquii ed hy the boundary proposed.
mi ht be estimated to be of greater value than a fair equiv-
alent for our just demands, our commissioner wm autho-
rized to stipulate for the payment of s-uch additional pecu-
niary consideration ss was deemed reasonable.
What the amount of that equivalent was, the
President did not inform us; but from other
sources, it appeared that Mr. Trist offered twenty
millions of dollars. So it seemed the President
was not in favor of conquest; but lie did desire to
obtain a portion,of Mexican territory to which he
was not entitled, and they were called upon to
