1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ever lived to see that day, would soon witness the
end of this Government, and the ruin of that rich
inheritance left us by our revolutionary fathers.
The hour of one having now arrived, the Chair,
from amidst a host of competitors, assigned the
floor to—
Mr. VINTON, who said that he had risen under
the conviction that there was much of other import-
ant business which demanded jthe immediate at-
tention of the House, and with the purpose of
endeavoring to bring this debate to a conclusion.
But before he made the motion he intended, and of
which-he had given notice yesterday, he wished to
say a few words on a topic which had arisen with-
in a day or two, in the course of the discussion
which had now occupied the House for some time.
It had not been Mr. V.'s intention to take any part
in this debate; nor should he, had not the topic
been broached to which he'had just alluded; he
meant the project of direct taxation, contained in
the amendment which had been proposed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot.]
The resolutions on which the House were now
acting proposed a reference of the several subjects
contained in the message of the President to both
Houses of Congress; but the message said nothing
on the subject of direct taxation, and therefore it
was that Mr. V. did not wish to see any amend-
ment on that subject appended to the resolutions of
reference.
But he had other reasons for this unwillingness.
Thegentleman from North Carolina,over the way,
[Mr. McKay,] had said to the House on Saturday,
that unless this war was brought speedily to a
close, he should make an appeal directly to the
people to support it. He wished to ask, whether,
by this appeal, he meant the proposal of direct
taxes ?
Mr. McKAY spoke briefly in reply, but his
back was turned to the reporter, and not a word
he said was distinctly heard; it was conjectured
that he replied substantially in the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON, resuming. Well, sir, the ex-
pression u appeal to the purse of the people" was
language unknown to the Constitution, rhe gen-
tleman, he presumed, meant direct taxation. That
was becoming, it seemed, a very popular doctrine
of late in the ranks of the Democracy. They had
heard it broached at the last Congress by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr, Rhett,] and he
was sorry to hear it now advocated by his friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Smith.] Mr. V. had risen to
say that* he never should vote to lay a direct tax
so long as any other means remained by which
the revenues of the country could be replenished;
and becausc that idea seemed to have met with
some acceptance in the House, and was now, as
he understood, endorsed to some extent by the
able and eloquent gentleman from Indiana, Mr. S.
felt it right and obligatory that something should
be said now, before the people should be led astray
upon the subject.
When this war had been commenced, the coun-
try had a revenue system which, did it exist at
present, would have brought into the treasury 1
many millions more than were now to be found
there. The Executive made the war, and thereby
necessarily increased to a great extent the public
expenditure. The war was declared in May; and
what had happened immediately after? In July
the party in power established (he sub-treasury,
and by so doing cut itself oft' from all aid derived
from our banking institutions, and from the use of
the ordinary currency of the country. That was
the first step taken by those in power after com-
mencing a war. What next ? While the national
expenses were constantly increasing, they abolished
the existing tariff of duties, and substituted another
in its place, by which at least one-third of the ac-
cruing revenue was stricken off at a single blow.
Now, there existed in the country two opposing
parties on the subject of taxation and of trade: the
free-trade party and the protection party. The
doctrines of the free-trade party ended necessarily
in direct taxation. Thither they tended, and there
they ended, of necessity. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] was a free-trade man,
and so far his introduction of an amendment in
favor of direct taxation was all quite consistent*
Mr. V. was not a free-trade man; and he never
would agree to impose a direct tax while a system
of indirect taxation would answer the purposes of
Government. But how would this system of direct
taxes operate in practice? Suppose Congress should
impose a direct tax: had gentlemen considered how
it would work? The example of direct taxation
in the last war, which had been quoted in defence
of the scheme now, was no precedent for him.
The war tax of the last war was a tax of neces-
sity; and if the same necessity existed now, Mr. V
would resort to it again, with whatever reluctance.
In our last war we were situated very much, as to
reveuue from abroad, as Mexico was now; all our
ports were occupied or blockaded by the vessels of
the enemy, and the revenue from imports was of
course cut off entirely. In that state of affairs we
had nothing to resort to but internal taxes to sup-
port the war. But was that our condition now?
Were we thrown upon the same necessity in this
war? Every one knew we were not; on the con-
trary, Mr. V. believed it would be perfectly easy,
by a due ad justment of our revenue system, to ob-
tain an income of forty millions; and he agreed
with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith]
that all that would be wanted.
But here he would say to the Opposition, that
they had only" to stand still and wait the progress
of time and of events, and these would accomplish
all for us that we could desire; these would do
more for us than we could do for ourselves. We
had already arrived at that point when not only
war revenues were needed, but a largely greater
income would be permanently needed than was
now realized from the present reduced tariff. The
great issue would have to be presented—it must be,
of necessity—whether we would go into a system
of direct taxation, or whether we would review
our entire revenue system; and while, on the one
hand, we provided to meet the necessities of the
Government, we should, on the other, do some-
thing to protect the labor of the country. For him-
self, he was in favor of bestowing some attention
on the wants of the people, while he. was making
provision to supply the wants of their Govern-
ment.
These were the two great systems which were
submitted to the consideration of the people and of
their Representatives. The Administration would
be compelled to recommend the one or the other.
The thing was inevitable; there was no escape from
it. Mr. V. was for no opiates, no anodynes, no
small doses. He was not for a tax on tea and cof-
fee; he Was for going much further and much
deeper. He was for looking into the condition of
our iron interest, our cotton and our woollen man-
ufactures. These great interests of the country
were in imminent danger from the revulsion which
had taken jMace, especially the iron interest. He
went for the whole protective system, or for none.
When the Administration should have recom-
mended the one or the other alternative, Mr. V.
would be prepared to consider and to net upon it.
If they gave up a tariff, we must necessarily have
direct taxation. Congress would then have to
choose between protecting the people by a tariff of
duties that would supply the wants of Govern-
ment, while it covered the interests of our own
labor, and grinding them by a system of direct tax-
ation. This (said Mr. v.) is their system; the
other is ours.
Have gentlemen considered how a direct tax
would operate on the different parts of the coun-
try ? Do they remember that property of the same
kind and of the same -value would be taxed at dif-
ferent rates in different States? This difference
results from that provision of the Constitution
which directs that direct taxes shall be apportion-
ed among the States according to their population.
To show how it would operate, take, for example,
the proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodiiead,] and let us see how
his tax of five millions would be raised. Ohio has
one-tenth part of the population of the Union; she
would therefore be assessed with five hundred thou-
sand dollars, which would be paid by a direct as-
sessment on the property of the people of that State.
But has Ohio one-tenth part of the property of the
Union, or anything like it? Indiana having on
this floor the same number of Representatives with
Massachusetts, the two States would pay an equal
share of these five millions. It would be compar-
atively a light burden on Massachusetts, and a
grievous one on Indiana. The tax is increased
upon the property of a State, not in proportion to
its wealth, but to its poverty. From those who
have much, little is taken; but from those who have
little, nothing of that little is left. This provision
of the Constitution must have had its origin in an
idea entertained by its framers that the legislation
of Congress would be vastly more local and ex-
clusive in its benefits than experience jhfts shown
to be the case. It is the price which the Consti-
tution imposes for the supposed local advantage
that would be derived by a State by having a rep-
resentation here. Our experience is all the other
way. While the gentleman from~Indiana [Mr.
Smith] was speaking, I endeavored to recall to my
recollection any one measure of any great moment
in which, during almost twenty years that I have
been here, I gave a vote different from what I would
have given if I had been a member from Massa-
chusetts or Louisiana instead of Ohio, without
being able to remember a single one. The great
commercial and trading interests of the country
are so interwoven together, and so identified; the
interior and the seaboard are so bound together,
that a true representation of one is a representation
of the other. Beyond the advancement of those
great and general interests, which promote the good
of all, what benefit is conferred on the interior?
None whatever. And it is for this reason, aside
from the oppressive nature of the tax itself, that
this mode of raising revenue should be resorted to
only when all others fail. The estimated expend-
itures of the Government, for the present year, ex-
ceed sixty-two millions of dollars. What would
be the effect of such a tax on Ohio ?
Ohio already raises for the purpose of meeting
her own public debt, and carrying on her own
government, one million and a quarter of dollars
per annum by direct taxation. Add six millions,
her share of what will be necessary to carry you
through one year of this war, and the direct taxes
assessed on the people of that State, will be equal
not merely to all her gold and silver, but to all her
bank paper besides—will be equal to the whole
circulation of the State. Now, I am going into
no such taxation as that. I do not, by my action,
give any countenance to any such thing, here or
elsewhere. I wish it to be distinctly understood,
that I countenance no such thing.
The agricultural States of the West and South,
the agricultural States everywhere, cannot stand
this description of taxation. It is nowhere but in
the great commercial and manufacturing districts
of this country, and where there is a great accu-
mulation of personal property, that the thing can
be borne for a day. There is not a single southern
or western State that can live for a day under such
a system; and I am not disposed for a moment to
countenance the idea that we are to resort to that
system of taxation on account of this war in which
we arc involved. As I said when I rose, we have
nothing to do but to bide our time; by the progiess
of events, they who are in power would be com-
pelled to come to us and ask that that protection
and those revenues he restored which they volun-
tarily took away. That is my doctrine. When
they repent and come back,—when the prodigal
returns, we will receive him kindly. I will wait
for that.
In conclusion, Mr. V. remarked, that he had
yesterday given notice that he would move the pre-
vious question on this debate. He had not then
intended to have said a word, and it was only in
consequence of this particular topic which had
sprung up, that he had been induced to say any-
thing now. He did not wish to engage in the
general debate at all, and, for the purpose of ter-
minating this discussion, so that they might get
to other business, and at the same time, by refer-
ring this message, that it might come under the
consideration of the committees, he moved the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and was announced
to be first on the amendment of Mr. Cobb, pro-
posing to add, in the eighth resolution, after the
word "personal," the words " and other;" so as
to provide for the taxing of "personal and other
property."
Mr. STEPHENS inquired, in case the amend-
ment of his colleague [Mr. Cobb] were voted down,
whether it would not then be in order to call for a
division, so as to vote separately on the original
resolutions?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Cobb, it was rejected.
The 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th resolu-
tions, as reported by the Committee of the Whole,
were then read and concurred in by the House,
