300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
He asked what foreign Governments would say
or do, when they find that we held Mexico by
rjo-ht of conquest, and then cut her up into prov-
inces? Would they interfere? Our whole country
would rise at once to resist any foreign inter-
ference. But this would not prevent the moral
injury which would result to us from our policy.
He looked at the possibility of a union of the
great European Powers, which might be leagued
against us, and the mischiefs which might be in-
flicted on us by such united hostility. "While
protesting against foreign interference in our re-
publican hemisphere, we are taking away all merit
from our motives by taking and plundering a sister
Republic.
He looked at the extending range of Executive
patronage since the system of proscription^ was
commenced. Let us take possession of Mexico,
and we shall have twenty-six Territories to cre-
ate, twenty-six governors, as many secretaries,
judges, district attorneys, directors of mints, &c,,
will have to be appointed; and we must have a
Governor-General in Mexico. John Bull need no
longer swell out .• wc shall have a Governor-Gen-
eral, we shall have our six-and-twenty governors;
and although our India will not extend as far as the
sun rises and sets, we may stretch it to the Frozen
Ocean. And what a presentation day there will be
at the White House when all these officers attend
to kiss hands and take leave, on their departure for
their distant posts! The forms of our Republic no
doubt would still be preserved; but, as it was in
Rome, the forms may survive after the spirit of
republicanism shall have passed away.
Your enlarged army, your military marine,
will be sources of a constantly growing expendi-
ture.
And this was called destiny. He called it po-
litical death.
He proceeded to glance at the new Democratic
principles which had come into fashion. They who
are its disciples are not over modest. They claim
the discovery of steam-engines for railroads and
the ocean. They may as well claim the lightning
from the Deity as the result of progressive De-
mocracy. The tendency of this spirit he called
on Senators to pause and contemplate. . Let them
look at the danger which it threatens to our insti-
tutions.
He dwelt on the historical and natural events
which rendered Mexico a country captivating to
the young and ardent, especially since a classic
light had been shed over it by the genius of Pres-
cott. Even although he had passed the ardent
period of youth, his bosom warmed with the vivid
pictures which memory sketched. He had no
doubt all these matters would be presented through
the country the next autumn to lure and captivate
the people.
In spite of all that opposition could bring against
the cause of the existing policy, he saw the dan-
ger which threatened the country from the determi-
nation evinced by the President and his party to
occupy and annex the Mexican territory. He
did not believe that the President, at the com-
mencement of the war, intended this extensive
conquest.
He went on to institute a comparison between
our war with Mexico and that of Cortez, between
which he recognized some points of similarity.
Both were characterized by the same eagerness for
plunder, and the same covetousness for conquest
and territory.
He expatiated on the tendency of party influ-
ences to debase the moral and intellectual'quali-
ties. He had admired the high and philosophic
views which had emanated from the honorable
Senator from Michigan, before he entered the po-
litical arena. The effect of the precepts and opin-
ions of that Senator in forming the characters of the
youth of our country ought not to be underrated,
and it was not to be doubted that some of the po-
litical sentiments which had fallen from him in the
course of this discussion would be productive of
evil.
He concluded with reiterating his opinion that
the policy of the Administration was not to make
a treaty with the existing authorities in Mexico,
because they were unable to give a satisfactory
guarantee for that security for the future which
our Government had expressed its purpose to re-
quire.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Frjday, Februai*y 4, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. SIMS rose to a privileged question. He
observed that his vote was erroneously recorded
on the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Wilmot] to the eighth resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio, {Mr. Vinton,]
referring the President's message, by which the
Committee of Ways and Means was directed to
institute an inquiry as to the propriety of impos-
ing direct taxes. It seems that his vote was re-
corded in the negative; whereas, when the roll
was called, for satisfactory reasons to himself—
not as a party man, not as an Administration or an
anti-Administration man—he had thought proper
to vote in the affirmative. He hoped the Journal
would be collected.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of taking up the
loan bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole House on the private calendar.
Mr. WILMOT rose to make a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. GAYLE was understood to desire permis-
sion to introduce a bill of which he had heretofore
given notice.
Mr. BRODHEAD objected.
The SPEAKER said the motion of the gentle-
man from Connecticut would be first in order, pri-
vate bills being the regular order for this day.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He perccived from the "Union" of this
morning, that his name was omitted in the list of
yeas and nays. [" I object," from several voices.]
He desiied to give a reason why he made the in-
quiry. He-voted in the affirmative 
Objections were made.
Mr. WILMOT inquired if it would be in order
for him to ask the unanimous consent of the House
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER replied it would not, while the
motion to go into committee was pending. '
Mr. WILMOT hoped the gentleman fiom Con-
necticut would withdraw his motion, to enable him
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. ROCKWELL assented.
Mr. VINTON yielded to a like appeal.
Mr. WILMOT then desired permission of the 1
House to make an explanation. Objected to.
Mr. BEALE rose to a privileged question. He
said that in the vote of yesterday, by which the
last of the series of resolutions referring the PresU
dent's message was adopted, he perceived that his
name was omitted. He voted m the affirmative
on that question.
The SPEAKER said the Journal would be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. VINTON then renewed his motion, that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL renewed his mo-
tion that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the private calendar.
The SPEAKER said, that as the regular order |
of business for this day was the consideration of 1
bills on the private calender, the motion of the gen- i
tieman from Connecticut [Mr. Rockwell] would :
be first in order. ]
And the question being taken on that motion, |
it was decided in the affirmative. ' j
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr, Boyd, of Kentucky, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of such
bills as were not objected to.
The following bills were read, objected to, and
laid aside:
An act for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones;
A bill directing the mode of settling* the claims
of Charles G. Ridgley;
A bill ftfr the relief of David Myerle;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Gideon;
A bill for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain & Co.
A bill for the relief of J.-Throckmorton;
A bill for the relief of William Hogan, adminis-
trator of Michael Hogan, deceased:
A bill for the relief of the securities of Elijah J.
Weed, late quartermaster of marines, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Scott;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Regnal, alias Nick Hilliary;
A bill for the relief of James McAvoy;
A bill for the relief of Charles Benns;
A bill for the relief of John W. Hockett;
A bill for the relief of-William Ralston;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Tompkins;
A bill for the relief of James Glynn and others;
A joint resolution for the relief of J. Melville
Gillis and others;
A bill for the relief of Charles Reeder, Walter
R. Johnson, and Thomas P. Jones;
A bill for settling the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives of Richard W. Meade, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Benjamin Hodges;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Cornelius Manning; and
A bill for the relief of John Mitchell.
The following bills were read and ordered to be
reported to the House:
A bill for the relief of William Culver;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Robinson;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Clapper;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Harriet Barney;
A bill for the relief of John Anderson, of Mis-
souri;
A iiill for the relief Joseph C. Doxey;
A bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
John Snyder, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Amzy Judd;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Mathew Stew-
art ; %
A bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindley Ward;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Anne W. Angus;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Mays;
A bill for the relief of James H Conley;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Young;
A bill for the relief of Silas Waterman.
The bill for the relief of Amelia Brereton was
amended by inserting before the words " Amelia
Brereton" the words "legal representatives of,"
so as to make it read, 4< to the legal representatives
of Amelia Brereton," &c.; and it was then ordered
to be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of Barclay & Livingston,
and Smith, Th$rgar, & Co., was amended by
striking out the words " and interest thereon from
time of •payment;" and was then ordered to be
reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of the legal heirs and rep-
resentatives of Nathaniel Cox, deceased, formerly
navy agent at New Orleans, was ordered to be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation that
| it be recommitted to the Committee of Claims.
! The committee then rose, and the bills for the
relief of William Culver; of Daniel Robinson; of
Elizabeth Clapper; of Mrs. Harriet Barney; of
John Anderson, of Missouri; of Joseph C. Doxey;
of S. Morris Wain; of the legal representatives of
John Snyder, deceased; of Amzy Judd; of the
heirs of Mathew Stewart; of Joseph and Lindley
Ward; of Mrs. Anne W. Angus; of Elizabeth
Mays; of James H. Conley; of Jesse Young; and
jj of Silas Waterman—were reported to the House
i| without amendment, and weie severally taken up,
j read, and ordered to be engrossed- and were sub-
i; sequently engrossed, read a third time, passed,
|| and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
j; The bills for the relief of Amelia Brereton, and
for the relief of Barclay & Livingston, and Smith,
Thurgar, & Co., which were repoited to the House
with amendments, were taken up, the amendments
were concurred in, and the bills ordered to be en-
grossed; and were engrossed, read a third time,
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
! The bill for the relief of the legal heirs and rep-
; resentatives of Nathaniel Cox, deceased, formerly
"a" u-! r°r re*l.e*" Anthony Walton Bayard; ii navy agent at New Orleans, which was reported to
A bill for the relief of Calvin Ethmons; j the House with the recommendation that it be re-
A bill for the relief of Henry M. Shreve; j, committed to the Committee of Claims, was taken
A bill to extend John J. Adams's patent for flat- H up, the report of the Committee of the Whole con-
tening cylinder window glass; j Cuned in, and the bill accordingly was recommit-
A bill for the relief of E. G. Smith; h ted to the Committee of Claims.
