1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
The following bills from the Senate, lying on
the Speaker's table, were taken up, read a first and
second time, and appropriately referred:
■ A bill for the relief of Richard Bloss and others;
An act to further extend the patent of Jethro
Wood;
An act to pay.James Crutchett two thousand
dollars for lighting the Capitol and Capitol grounds.
On motion of Mr. HAMMONS,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions be directed
to deliver the papers of Daniel H. Warren on his application
for a pension to any member of the Committee on Invalid or
Revolutionary Pensions, such member giving his receipt for
the same.
THE UNITED STATES MINT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Ptesident, communicating the annual
report of the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
showing the operation of the mint and branch
mints for the year 1847.
The letter of the Director of the Mint shows,
that during the past year the coinage was—
At Philadel phia: In gold   .... $13,209,030
silver  990,450
copper  61,837
 $14,348,367
Tho number of pieces coined 11,545,378.
The depo&its amounted to: In gold $13,670,896
silver 962,781
14,633,677
At New Orleans: In gold  $6,085,000
silver  1,384,000
The number of pieces coined 3,659,500.
The deposits amounted to: In gold .$6,252,228
silver 1,487,278
$7,469,000
7,739,506
At Charlotte, N. C.s It amounted to  $478,8^0
Number of pieces in half eagles... .84.15]
quarter eagles 23,266
The deposits (in gold) amounted to  344,045
At Dahlonega, Goorei.i, it amounted to  $361,485
Number of pieces in half eagles.. ..64,405
quarter eagles 15,784
The deposits (in gold) amounted to  352,366
At the several mints: In gold $20,221,385
bilver  2,374,450
copper  61,827
The deposits amounted to: In gold..$20,619,544^
silver. 2,450,059
$22,657,662
23,069,603
The message and accompanyingdocuments were
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
LETTER FROM GENERAL TAYLOR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
communicating the following documents from the
War Department, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of the 31st ultimo:
War Department, )
Washington, February 3, 1848. )
To the President of the United. States:
Sir: Jn compliance with your directions to be furnished
with « a copy of General Taylor's answef to the letter, dated
January 27, 1847, which was addressed to General Taylor
by the Hon. William L.Marcy, Secretary of War," 1 have
the honor to submit herewith a copy of the letter referred to.
The letter fiom this department ot the 27tli of Januaiy, 1847,
was laid before Congress, puiMiant to a call at the Inst ses-
sion. The answer to ir, now submitted, was not then written,
and did not roach thjy department until more than a month
and a half after the resolution calling for the correspondence
with General Taylor \va« answered, and Congress had ad-
journed. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY.
Headquarters, Army of Occupation, i
Nucva, March 3, 1847. $
Sir: I have had the honot to receive your communication
of January 27th, enclosing a newspaper slip, and expressing
the regret of the department that the letter copied m that
slip, arid which was addressed by myself to Majoi-General
Games, should have been published.
Although your letter does not convey the direct censure of
the department oi of the President, yet, when it is taken m
connection wiih the revival ot a paragraph m the regulations
of lfi2~>, touchmgthe publication of private letters concerning
operations in the field, [ am not permitted to doubt that 1
have become the subject ot Executive disapprobation. To
any expression of it, coming with the authority of the Presi-
dent, I am hound by mj duty, and by my respect for his high
office, patiently to submit; but, lest my silence should be
construed into a tacit admission of the grounds and conclu-
sions sot forth in your communication, I deem it a duty
which f owe to myself to submit a few remarks in reply. I
shall he pardoned for speaking plainly.
In the lir-«t place, the published letter bears upon its face
the most conclusive evidence that it was intended only for
private peiusai, and not at all for publication. It was pub-
lished without mv knowledge, and contiary to my wishes.
Surely, I need not say that T ain not in the habit of writing
for the newspapers. The letter was a familiar one, written
to an old military friend, with whom I hav* for many y«ara t
interchanged opinion* on professional subjects. That he
should think proper, under any circumstances, to publish it,
could not have been foreseen by me.
In the absence ot proof that the publication was made
with my authority or knowledge, I may be permitted to say,
that the quotation m your letter of the six hundred and fifti-
eth paiagraph of the superseded regulations of 182.5, in which
the terms " mischievous5'and "disgraceful"are employed
to characterize certain letters or reports, conveys, though
not openly, a measure of rebuke, winch, to say the least, is
rather harsh, and which many may think not vvarianted by
the premises. Again: I have caretully examined the letter
in question, and I do not admit that itris obnoxious to the
objections urged in your communication. I see nothing m
it which, under the same circumstances, I would not wnte
again. To suppose that it will give the enemy valuable
information, touching our past or prospective line of opera-
tions, is to know very little of the Mexican sources of in-
formation, or of their extraordinary sagacity and facilities in
keeping constantly apprized ot our movements.
As to my particular views m regard to the geneial policy
to be pursued towards Mexico, i perceive by the public
journals that they are shared by many distinguished states-
men, and also in part by a conspicuous othcer of the navy,
the publication of whose opinions is not pcihaps obs-tructcd
by any regulations of his department. It is difficult, then,
to imagine that the diffusion of mine can render any pecu-
liar aid to the enemy, or specially disincline Inm " to enter
into negotiations for peace "
In conclusion, I would say that it has given me gieat pain
to be brougtit into tin. position in which I now find myself
with regard to the Departmentof Wai and the Government.
It has not been of my own seeking. To the extent of my
ability, and the means placed at my disposal, I have sought
faithfully to serve the country, by carrying out the wishes
and instructions of the Executive. But it cannot be con-
cealed. that since the capitulation of Monterey, the confi-
dence ot the department, and I too much fear of the Presi-
dent, has been gradually vvithdiawn, and my consideiation
and usefulness correspondingly diminished. The apparent
determination of the department to place me in an attitude
antagotustical to the Government has an apt illustration in
the well-known fable of /Esop. But I ask no favor, and I
sin ink from no responsibility. While mtiusted with the
command in this quarter, I shall continue to devote all my
energies lo the public good, looking for my rtward to the
consciousness of pure motives and the final verdict of im-
partial history.
I ain, sir, very lespeetfully, 3 our obedient servant,
Z. TAYLOR,
Maj. Gen. U. S. */2., commanding.
Hon. W. L. Marcy,
Secretary of War, Washington.
The message and accompanying letter were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARROW moved that ten thousand extra
copies of the message and accompanying letter be
printed for the use of the House.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved that
fifteen thousand extra copies be printed for the use
of the House.
The motions to print extra copies lie over under
the rule.
The House then adjourned to Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 4, 1848.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, jn compliance with a resolution submitted by
Mr. Dayton, calling for the minutes and other
papers in the arbitration case on the subject of the
Pea Patch Island.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from Orville B.
Dibble and George C. Bates, praying the grant of
a right of way over a portion of the public lands
for the construction of a canal round the Falls of
St. Mary's river, Michigan; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition from citizens
of Arkansas, asking the removal of the raft on Red
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from
citizens of Adams county, Pennsylvania, praying
the adoption of measures to bring the war with
Mexico to a speedy termination; which was laid
on the tabic.
Mr. RUSK presented the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he required to
procuie bundled copies of the map of Mexico, 5,000
copies of the map of the Valley of Mexiew and of the seat of
war, published by J. Distunief, X Y , not to exceed the cost
of one dollar each, and ten cents each for the others.
GENERAL ORDERS.
A hill making an appropriation for removing ob-
structions in the Savannah river was taken up,
read a second time, considered as in Committee of
the "Whole, and was then engrossed, read a third
time, and passed.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Hoggatt was
taken up, read a second time, considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and was* then engrossed
and read a third time, and j
PRE-EMPTION BILL.
A bill to establish a permanent general preemp-
tion system in favor o? actual settlers on the public
lands, was taken up, and read a second time, afid
considered as in Committee of the "Whole.
No amendment being offered, the bill was about
to be reported to the Senate, when— <
Mr. PHELPS suggested the propriety of sus-
pending the reading of the bill. It was evident,/
from what had been read, that it proposed to intro-
duce an entirely new system in the policy of the
Government relative to the public lands, and it
would, unquestionably, excite discussion. It was
hardly expedient to enter into its consideration
now. He moved that it be passed over infor-
mally.
Mr. ASHLEY did not object to the suggestion,
if the b 11 could be taken up at an early period. It
was true, that it proposed changes in th§ public-
land policy, and these changes were called for in
justice to the settlers in the new States. He was
willing it should be deferred, if taken up at an early
period. It was substantmliy'the same bill which
was before the Senate at the last session, and was
then partially discussed. He would not press it
now, if the gentleman would name an early day
for its consideration.
Mr. BREESE suggested Monday week.
Mr. ASHLEY then moved that the bill be made
the special order for Monday week.
Mr. BADGER remarked, that another bill al-
ready had been set down as the special order for
that day.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Ordered, Thatsaid bill be postponed to, and made the spe-
cial order for, Monday, the 21st February, instant.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The Senate then proceeded to consider a bill
amending an act entitled "An act granting half-
pay to widows or orphans where the husbands
and fathers have died of wounds received in the
military service of the United States, in cases-of
deceased officers and soldiers of the militia and
volunteers," passed July 4, 1836.
The bill having been read a second time, and
being under consideration as in Committee of the .
Whole-
Mr. NILES said he was apprehensive that this
bill had not received its proper investigation. He
expressed the opinion that the pension system
required revision, and asked whether the bill con-
templated to give half-pay for life, or for the term
of five years? He would also like to know
whether it embraced in its provisions the widows
and orphans of volunteers, as that force belonged
to the Federal Government, and not to the States
from whencc they had volunteered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, stated that the
bill had been reported by the Committee on Pen-
sions, and was recommended in the message of the
President. All must recollect the petitions pre-
sented by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix,]
and his eloquent and forcible remarks made on that
occasion, and which petitions wsre referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. The Committee
on Pensions thought it would wait until the Mili-
tary Committee had acted; but, on consultation
with several of its members, it was supposed that
a bill would come more appropriately from the
Committee on Pensions, and hence this bill had
been reported.
Mr. DIX explained, that the petitioners con-
templated two measures—one giving half-pay for
life, and the other for five years. The present
bill, he believed, adopted the pension for five
years, and did not go further.
Mr. NILES inquired if the bill made any dis-
tinction between persons who' died in service or
were killed in battle.
Mr. DIX thought there was no distinction in
the bill, though he had not examined it very care-
fully. The wives and children of those who died
in service in Mexico were made recipients of the
bounty of the Government. . •
Mr. NILES did not wish to oppose this bill,
but he thought it had better-be postponed for the
present; which suggestion was adopted.
THE TE,N-IIEGIMENT BILL.
" The Senate thep resumed the consideration of
the bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force; when—
