1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
he would do so, and her church debt too; as our
income would increase with the increase of our
population. He then dwelt at some length on
the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee, rela-
tive to the increased patronage which the acquisi-
tion of Mexico would throw into the hands of
the Eresident. IJe stated that the President had
grown weary of patronage, and'would rejoice if
the power was not vested in him. He concluded
with reasserting that the President had no objec-
tion to make a peace with any authority as stable
as the present Government of Mexico.
Mr. HUNTER obtained the floor.
Mr. FOOTE then rose, and said: I wish to pro-
pound two questions to the Senator from Tennes-
see, which I have reduced to writing.
A Senator. "Order."
Mr. FOOTE. It will not occupy more than a
few moments. I was not in my seat yesterday,
being confined to my room by indisposition, and
had not then an opportunity of putting these inter-
rogatories to the Senator. The Senator from Ten-
nessee, the day before yesterday, quite unexpect-
edly, propounded certain questions, which, he said,
he confidently expected would be answered by me,
as he regarded me as a hold and independent man,
who would not shrink from the responsibility of
answering questions of that nature. His questions
were answered; and knowing him to be a man of
at least equal boldness, I can have no hesitation in
saying that I anticipate equal promptitude, on his,
part, in replying to the questions I am now about
to propound. I will further premise, that I put
these inquiries in a spirit of courtesy, and witn a
strong desire of obtaining an expression of the
Senator's views. I desire, then, to inquire of the
Senator, first, whether, when he addressed the
Senate, he had any knowledge or information, of
a reliable character, that a treaty, or anything
equivalent thereto, had been agreed on in Mexico;
and if so, whether by authorized agents of the
Government, or by unauthorized persons; and, if
by unauthorized persons, is the Senator from Ten-
nessee aware of any connection or correspondence
between these agents, or unauthorized persons,
and any person or persons in the United States ?
Mr. BELL. I see that the Senator means it in
a mild spirit, but certainly it is claiming a great
right, on his part, to catechise me in this form.
Mr. FOOTE. If he does not wish 
Mr. BELL. I say that I only deny the right of
any Senator to ask me such a question, implying
a breach of confidence on the part of agents of the
Government, and which might, by possibility, in-
volve myself.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not intend that.
Mr. BELL. Oh! I believe the Senator means
nothing at all improper. I did hear the rumors
that there was a projet of a treaty presented by the
commissioners to Mr. Trist, and afterwards to
General Scott, and that it had been forwarded to
Washington. Upon further inquiry, I did not
find any authority whatever for the rumor. I may
add, that I have had no communication with any
agent of the Government, whether in America or
in Mexico.
Mr. FOOTE. The question does not implicate
the Senator.
Mr. BELL. I have had no such information,
and am rather disposed to believe that there has
been no foundation for the rumors to which allu-
sion has been made. From some announcements,
(semi-official,) it would seem that there had been
something in them; but I see it denied in the re-
cognized organ of the Administration, and must
suppose that that statement is tiue. If both the
Senators had attended closely to %my remarks,
they would have seen that the tenor of my argu-
ment was, that the Administration must seek
something more than territory, as affording " se-
curity for the future," and that it mattered not,
so far as my argument was concerned, whether
they claim the Californias and New Mexico, or a
still further extension of territory on the same
border.
Mr. BENTON. I wish, sir, to make a motion,
necessary to the organizatioVi of the Senate. We
have elected a President pro tempore, in the ab-
sence of tire Vice President, and have not yet
given notice of it to the President. Pie does not
know how things are here. I ask the indulgence
of the Senate, then, in order to submit a resolu-
tion directing the Secretary to notify the President
of what we have done.
It was then—
Ordered, That the Secretary wait on the President of the
United States, and notify him thill the Senate, in the absence
of the Vice President, have chosen the Hon. David R.
Atchison President of the Senate pro tempore; and that he
make a similar communication to the House of Representa-
tives. * ,
Mr. FOOTE again rose to address the Chair.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise, sir 
Mr. FOOTE. I will not occupy the attention
of the Senate long. Give me a fair chance. I was
sick yesterday.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise to order.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator be unwilling to
allow me 
Mr. MANGUM. I am not at all unwilling to
allow,any Senator the full exercise of his privi-
leges. But I now make a point of order. What
I suggest is in the spirit of which I am sure the
gentleman will himself approve. This kind of cat-
echising gentlemen in this body 
Mr. FOOTE. Who commenced it?
Mr. MANGUM 1 regard not only as a de-
parture from the order, but as calculated to impair
the dignity of our course of procedure. Let me
assure the honorable Senator from Mississippi that
I make this point of order in all respect and kind-
ness to himself, and strictly in a desire to adhere
to the uniform usages of the body as I understand
them. It will be readily perceived that great dis-
order mustensue if such a practice were permitted.
If Senators are to rise up in this way, on any oc-
casion, out of the course of debate, and put inter-
rogatories on isolated points, calling now on the
Senator from Michigan, and now on the Senator
from South Carolina, and so on, I submit to the
Senator himself whether such a course of proce-
dure would not be disorderly, and ought to be
avoided on all hands?
Mr. BELL. It seems to be alleged that I com-
menced the system of interrogation. 1 hope that
the Senator from North Carolina will allow the
Senator from Mississippi to proceed.
Mr. FOOTE. In my own vindication I must
say that really I am not very familiar with the
rules of order; I am told, however, that the Sena-
tor from North Carolina is entirely mistaken. At
any rate it is not for me to vindicate the Senator
from Tennessee, whose magnanimity has just now-
induced him to acknowledge that he is himself re-
sponsible for all that has occurred. His questions
were propounded to me in the confident expecta-
tion that I would answer, and I did answer; and,
therefore, it would have been much more season-
able had the Senator from North Carolina pre-
sented his views of order on the day before yester-
day. My next question is: Would the Senator
from Tennessee agree to a treaty with Mexico,
without full indemnity for past wrongs received at
the hands of her Government, and security from
future aggressions—and also what amount of in-
demnity and what kind of security he would de-
mand ?
Mr. BELL. I can assure the Senator that I
would weigh well any treaty that might be pre-
sented to this body, and try to do so impartially.
But I hold that greater calamities might befall this
country than the acceptance of a treaty which ditl
not give even full indemnity. I should regard the
success of the policy which I have attempted to
show in the course of my argument was now in
progress, and which I still believed to be pursued,
notwithstanding the denial of the gentleman who
has addressed the Senate to-day, as a greater evil
than that. I would endeavor to weigh the evils,-
when the issue comes up between taking the Rio
Grande, to which we claim title, and the conquest
of the whole of the country, and the holding of it
either in the shape of States or as dependant prov-
inces; with my present impressions of the evil of
such a policy, I would prefer the former to the lat-
ter alternative.
Mr. FOOTE. What boundary ?
Mr. BELL. If the Senator desires to learn all
my individual opinions, I shall be very happy to
communicate them. I should be quite willing to
take the Rio Grande as the boundary; but the
Senator is not, therefore, to say, that I preferred
not to take any indemnity.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not say so.
Mr. BELL. I distinctly stated that I was not
opposed to exacting such indemnity from Mexico
as would not be oppressive or ruinous to her. I
did not go against all indemnity, and I-trust I was
so understood. The honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi was not here yesterday, and therefore it
is probable that he wishes to know my individual
opinions on those points: they are not worth much,
it is true; but such as they are, I gave them, with-
out disguise, and I had hoped, with sufficient
explicitness to indicate what I should do in any
particular exigency that might arise.
The Senate then adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 7, 1848.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. STEPHENS asked the general consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish this
House with copies of all letters received at the War Office
fiom General Taylor from the 1st to the 92d of February,
1847, inclusive, which have not heretofore been made pub-
lic, and so far as the same may not be prejudicial to the
public interests.
The reception of the resolution being objected
to—
Mr. STEPHENS moved to suspend the rules.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended.
The resolution was then received and agreed to.
THANKS TO GENERAL SCOTT, ETC.
Mr. HUNT asked the general consent of the
House to introduce the following joint resolutions,
of which previous notice had been given:
JOINT RESOLUTION'S expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Winfield Scott and the troops
under his command, for their distinguished gallantry and
good eondnet in tin* campaign of 1847.
Resolved unanimously biithc Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United Stales of America in Congress assem-
bfed, That the thanks of Congress he, ami tliey are hereby,
presented to Winfield Scott, Major General commanding in
chief the army in Mexico, and through him to the officers
and men ot the reeular and volunteer corps under him, for
their unifoim gallantry and good conduct, conspicuously
displayed at the siege and captuie of the city of Vera Cruz
and Castle ot San Juan de TJlua, March 29,1847; and in the
successive battles of Coiro Gordo, April 18th; Coutrerds,
San Antonio, and Churubuscn, August 19th and 20th; and
for the victories achieved in front of the city of Mexico,
September 8th, 11th, 12th, and 13th; and the capture of the
metiopolis, September 14th, 1847; in which the Mexican
troops, greatly superior in numbers, and with every advan-
tage of position, were in every conflict^signally defeated by
the American arms.
2 Resolved, That the President of the United States be.
and he is hereby, requested to cause to be struck a gola
medal; with devices emblematical of the series of brilliant
victories achieved by the army, and presented to Major
General Winfield Scott, as a testimony of the high sense
entertained by Congress of his valor, s-kill, and judicious
conduct in the memorable campiign of 1847.
3. Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to cau c the foregoing resolutions to be commu-
nicated to Major General Scott in such terms as he may
deem host calculated to give effect to the objects thereof.
Mr. SAWYER objecting—
Mr. HUNT moved to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to introduce, the joint resolution.
The rules being suspended, the resolutions were
received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. HUNT rose and said he had no desire to
occupy the time of the House with a discussion of
these resolutions. He could not doubt but the
House was now prepared to come to a vote on the
subject. He believed the resolutions expressed
the universal sentiment of the American people in
relation to those brilliant achievements to which
they refer.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if debate
was in order on these resolutions.
The SPEAKER replied that debate was in or-
der.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if the resolutions
would not go over if any one desired to debate
them.
The SPEAKER replied that they would not, as
this was not resolution day.
Mr. HUNT then resumed. He said he had no
desire to discuss the general merits of these reso-
lutions. He would, however, say a single word.
It would be perceived that the resolutions con-
tained no mention, by name, of those subordinate
officers who bore so conspicuous a part in achiev-
ing those glorious victories by our arms. His
reason was, that it would be more appropriate
and fitting that these resolutions should be drawn
in the usual form, and confined to the general
commanding in chief. He hoped, however, that
some gentleman would take an early occasion to
submit a resolution expressive of the thanks of
Congress and the country to all the subordinate
officers, which would receive his best support.
He now moved the previous question.
