304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
Mr. TOMPKINS hoped the gentleman from
New York would withdraw his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON made a like request. His
object was to obtain the opportunity to offer an
amendment to the resolutions, which he believed
would meet the approbation of the gentleman from
New York and of the House. He wished to
introduce an amendment to give the thanks of
Congress to General Taylor for his distinguished
services to the country at the battle of Buena
Vista.
Mr. HUNT said he could not consent to with-
draw his motion*, but if the gentleman from Illi-
nois would afterwards submit his amendment as
an independent proposition, it should have his
(Mr. H.'s) best support.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired to offer an
amendment, which, perhaps, the gentleman from
New York would accept.
The SPEAKER said no amendment could be
received but by unanimous consent.
Objections were made; and the question being
put on the demand for the previous question, it
was sustained.
The main question was then put, and the reso-
lutions were ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HUNT hoped they would have their third
reading at this time.
Mr. HENLEY moved a reconsideration of the
v^fce by which the resolutions were ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, his object being to
offer an amendment. He did not wish to take up
the time of the House, but he wished to make the
resolutions perfect by an amendment which he
was of opinion would meet the approbation of all
sides of the House. He wished to submit it as
an addition to the first resolution, which enu-
merates the achievements of our army, in these
words:
"All of which triumphs and achievements are honorable
to our national character, and give additional brilliancy and
lustre to the American name."
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, hoped gentlemen
on the other side of the House would consent to
have the resolutions amended so as embrace all of
the major and brigadier generals who were in
those battles. If tiiey would look to the proceed-
ings of Congress on preceding similar occasions,
they would find, if he (Mr. H.) recollected cor-
rectly, that medals had been presented to all offi-
cers, as far down as brigadier generals. He ,
desired to conform to that practice on this occa- ;
sion, and include byname all of the major and !
brigadier generals-, and if gentlemen would agree
to it, he would propose to insert the names of
Major Generals Q,uitman and Pillow, and Briga-
dier Generals Worth, Twiggs, Smith, Shields, and
Pierce. This, he believed, included all, and he
hoped no one would object to it.
Mr. HASKELL inquired if the gentleman from
Alabama had intentionally omitted the name of
Major General Patterson ?
J>/Xr. HOUSTON said, certainly not; his inten-
tion had been to include all, and, in the hurry of
preparing the amendment, he and those around
him had casually omitted the name of that distin-
guished officer. He would vote the resolutions,
whether his amendment prevailed or not, with
very great pleasure, and he believed all on his side
of the House would do so likewise. He had no
wish to delay or defeat the thajiks; the officers
named, all of them, Major General Scott as well
as the others, were eminently entitled to them,
and he hoped gentlemen over the way would con-
sent to the amendment he now proposed. Gen-
tlemen must remember—they could not have for-
gotten—that this was the course pursued at the
last Congress, when thanks were voted to General
Taylor. His recollection was, that on that occa-
sion, we included by name the officers who were
With him at Monterey, to the grade of brigadier
generals. The same custom should he observed
now. To vary from it might be improperly con-
strued: to leave out those names without cause,
without a reason, and in direct conflict with the
usages of Congress, would be, in his opinion, im-
proper and unfair to those very distinguished and
patriotic officers.
Mr. BOTTS moved the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now put.
Mr. HENLEY called for the yeas and nays on
j the motion to reconsider, and they were ordered,
! and resulted thus: Yeas 86, nays 113.
So the motion to reconsider was negatived.
The question then recurred on the third reading.
Mr. HARALSON rose and said, he had voted
for the reconsideration, not in a spirit of opposi-
tion to these resolutions, but with a view to amend
them so as to include those distinguished generals
who had taken so conspicuous a part in those glo-
rious conflicts. He had no other object now than
to call for the yeas and nays on the final passage
of the resolutions.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNT expressed his opinion that a reso-
lution to accomplish the object of the gentleman
I from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] would meet with
j general approbation in this House. He nowmov-
i ed the previous question on the third reading.
| Mr. C. J- INGERSOLL moved to recommit
! with a view to amend the resolutions.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman's motion
was not now in order.
The House then seconded the demand for the
previous question, and the main question was or-
dered to be now put.
The roll was then called, and—
Mr. HASKELL rose when his name was called
and desired to explain, that while voting with great
pleasure for these resolutions, he did not wish to
be understood as voting for himself. Having been
an officer on the occasions referred to, he was
placed in a delicate position; but with this expla-
nation he gladly gave his vote in the affirmative.
The question on the passage of the resolution
was decided in the affirmative: Yeas 197, nay 1.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOTTS asked the general consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales be re-
quested to communicate to this House whether any commu-
nication has been received Irom Mexico containing propo-
sitions from the Mexican authorities or commissioner for a
treaty of peace; and if so, that he communicate the same,
if it can b  done without detriment to the public interests.
Objection being made—
Mr. BOTTS moved a suspension of the rules.
The question on suspending the rules was de-
cided m the affirmative, and the resolution was re-
ceived and agreed to.
THANKS TO GENERAL TAYLOR, ETC.
Mr. STEPHENS, the rules having been sus-
pended for the purpose, introduced the following
joint resolutions:
Resolved & / the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Scales of America in Congress assembled^ That the
thanks of Congress aie due, and they are hereby tendered,
to Major General Zachary Taylor, and, through him, to the
officers and soldiers of the regular army and of the volun-
teeis under his command,/or their indomitable valor, skill,
and good conduct, conspicuously displayed on the twenty-
second and twenty-third days of February last, in the battle
of Buena Vista, m defeating a Mexican army of more than
four times their number, consisting of chosen troops, under
their favorite commander. General SantaAnna, and thereby
obtaining a victory over the enoiny which, for its signal and
brilliant character, is unsurpassed in the military annals of
the world.
Resolved^ That the President of the United States be re-
I que-ted to cause to be struck a gold medal, with devices
emblematical of ttii> splendid achievement, and presented
to Major General Zachary Tavlor, as a testimony ot the high
sense enteitained by Congress of his judicious and distin-
guished conduct on"that memoiabie occasion,
Resolicd, That the President of the ('mted States be re-
quested to cause the foi e<>oin<r resolution-* to be communi-
cated to Major General Tayloi in such terms as he may deem
best calculated to give effect to the object thereof.
The resolutions were read a first and second time.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the previous question
on their engrossment and third reading, which was
seconded; and, under its operation, the resolutions
were ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and, being engrossed, they were accordingly read,
a third Ume and passed: Yeas 181, nay 1.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.,
Mr. WILMOT rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER said it would be in order only
by the general consent of the House.
No objection being made—
Mr. WILMOT was proceeding with his re-
marks; when—
Mr. ROOT rose and objected.
The objection, coming too late, was not re-
ceived.
Mr. WILMOT (continuing) said he trusted that
gentlemen would find that he was net disposed in
any degree to abuse 'the courtesy or trespass far
upon the indulgence which had been extended to
him. It was the first time, since he had been a
member of this House, that he had asked to have
extended to him any indulgence of this character,
and he should not now have made the request had
it not been for the very extraordinary and peculiar
character of an article which appeared in the
" Union" of the 3d instant under its editorialliead.
As that is the second attack (said Mr. W.) which
has been made upon me, within the last few days,
in the editorial columns of that paper, the " vener-
able" editor who presides over it might think I
was wanting in personal respect unless I noticed
them. It is not, sir, I assure you, because I feel
the slightest degree of inconvenience or pain under
the lash which he chooses to apply to me. I feel
entirely confident that any efforts which that gen-
tleman may make to injure me before my constit-
uents will be idle and abortive. My principles
were known to them before I left my home; they
were always freely promulgated; and when I
choose to avow them on this floor, I claim the
right to do so, and I am entirely indifferent what
course the editor of the Union" may see fit to
take with reference to it. I will read the article to
which I refer:
"Mr. D. Wilmot, of Pennsylvania, is not content with the
notoriety he has gained by his proviso. We must have the
Wilraot proviso No. 2. lie has proposed a scheme of direct
taxation—to fall, we presume, heavily on the slaves of the
South. Fortunately, tins day it was rejected in the House,
several of the Whigs voting again-t it.
" The Administiation does not ask such idle schemes and
such mischievous allies. If this Representative from Penn-
sylvania is not conlentwith consulting wiser counsellors,
he had better set up a school of Ins own, and call it the
Wilmot School. If he means, jiowever, to cooperate with
the Republican partv,weadvisehim to consult and act with
tliem. The Administration has laid down its platform.
Pursue its measures of finance, let them he honestly carried
out, and we shall require no direct tax ; but we will obtain
what money we require on moderate terms."
This, sir, it appears to me, is an article of the
most extraordinary tone and character. In the
first place, it denounces this " scheme" (as it is
pleased to call it) of direct taxation as a " second
proviso," as " another firebrand" thrown into the
Republican ranks. We have heard for the last
year—nay, more, ever since the introduction of
the proviso which I had the honor to introduce to
exclude slavery from any territory to be acquired—
through the columns of that paper, that it was a
firebrand thrown into the ranks of the Democratic
party, which is likely to divide, and perhaps event-
ually to result in the defeat of that party. This
has been the constant clamor of the "Union."
We now hear, from the same source, that this is
" Proviso No. 2." A proposition which, as a Rep-
resentative of the people, standing on my rights
as a member of this House—which, on my respon-
sibility to my people, and to God under the oath
I have taken here—I have proposed, for the pur-
pose of drawing from the capital and wealth of the
country some fair proportion of the expenses and
burdens of this Government, is denounced as a
•firebrand by this pretended organ of the Adminis-
tration—pretended organ, I say; God forbid that I
should accuse, it of speaking the sentiments of the
Administration! I do not believe that any article
of this character can procure the endorsement of
the President or any prudent member of his Cab-
inet.
This a " mischievous proposition" which I in-
troduced ! 44 A firebrand!" says Mr. Ritchie. A
" second proviso! A second attempt to invade the
principles of the Republican party! A second at-
tempt to strike at that " peculiar" institution which
this " venerable'' editor seems always to have in
view, and at which he seems to see some blow
struck in almost every movement that may be made
here! Why, if a proposition is before Congress
for the introduction of new territory into this
Union, Mr. Ritchie sees nothing in it above and
beyond the extension of slavery ! If a proposition
is introduced here for the purpose of raising money
for the support of this Government m time of war,
and for the payment of Us debt, Mr. Ritchie, this
far-seeing editor, sees nothing in that proposition
but an effort to impose a tax upon a peculiar spe-
cies of property. His vision is altogether unable
to extend any further; and he seems to think that
gentlemen are actuated by no other motives or ob-
jects, in whatever movement they may make here.
I had no particular allusion to this species of prop-
erty. If there had been no such property I should,
have made the same proposition; 1 did not propose
to exempt it; I do nol know why a few thousand
