THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
New Series
FEBRUARY 9,1848.
WEDNESDAY
30tii Congress, 1st Session.
capitalists of the South, who hold a certain species j
of property, should be exempt from taxation; bat j
my object was to call upon, the capital generally in ■
all sections of the country—North and South, East j
and West—wherever found, to bear its just pro-
portion of the burdens of the Government. This
was my object; to this object my amendment was
directed, and to this only. And this is a "here-
sy" in the Republican creed 1 A new doctrine in ij
the Democratic party, is it? Mr. Ritchie declares !j
it to be a heresy; that, it must be kicked out of
doors; and " fortunately," he tells us, " it was; •;
several of the Whigs voting against it." Mr. \\
Ritchie, then, was fortunate in having some allies; :!
it was fortunate for him that some few Whigs came !;
to his aid and voted down this "mischievous" '!
principle, which he charges me with Attempting to ij
interpolate into the creed of the Democratic party, ij
Why, the language employed in this article, like !!
everything he says about me, is calculated and in- j|
tended to mislead public opinion, and to place me Ij
in a false position before the country and my con- jj
stituents; to represent me as acting with the great |j
body of the Whig party in support of a proposi- >[
Hon which goes to overthrow the principles of the
Democratic party, and that there was here and
th'ere a Whig who voted with the Democratic
party, and thus defeated this " mischievous"
measure. An examination of the vote shows that
seventy-two Whigs voted against the proposition!
This is " several'* of them, with a vengeance! j;
"Several" to come up and sustain Mr. Ritchie's ;!
views in this matter! Let the old man beware;!]
let him look to the company he is in ! While he |;
denounces me as a " mischievous ally" of the Ad- >
ministration, such an one as he did not want, he {;
has taken into his bosom and confidence seventy-
two " allies" from the Opposition party! So it
would seem he denounces my proposition; they
vote against it: Thomas Ritchie and they act
together upon it!
Thtfre is another fact to which I wish to call the
attention of the House. The honorable gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Vinton,] that respectable and
able gentleman, one of the seventy-two Whig allies
of Mr. Ritchie, is not content with giving a silent
vote, but gives his reasons for the course which
the " Union" so highly approves, and for pursu-
ing the opposite of which it sees fit to visit me
with so strong denunciations. When the prop-
osition which 1 moved came before the House, the
gentleman [Mr. Vinton] is reported as saying:
" TJit'ie existed m the eountiy two opposing partition
tho Kuhjrot ol taxation and of tMile • fltu Fiee-uade p:u t) and
the Protective party. The doctrines of the Free tiade paity
ended necessarily in direct taxation. Thuhet thev tended,
and theie they ended of necessity. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania was a free-trade man, and so tar his introdue-
.tion of an amendment in favor of dneet taxation was all
quite consistent. Mr. Vinion was not a free-trade man; j
nnd he never would n«ziec to impose a direct tax while a i
system ot indirect taxation would answer the purposes of j
Government.1'
I differ with the gentleman from Ohio that the j
doctrincs of fiee trade necessarily end in direct i
taxation to the extent which he lays down. The;
true free trade doctrine is, that the ordinary ex- 1
penses of the Government in time of peace should i
be borne by an equitable system of duties on ini- j
ports, but that all extraordinary demands upon ,
the treasury should be met by direct taxation. The !
doctrine of the protectionists is, that no revenues |
shall be raised by direct taxes so long as the wants I
of the Government can possibly be met by loans j
or by indirect taxes. v t
Now, I would like to know what becomes of i
the free-trade principle, if you commence increas- \
<fng duties to meet extraordinary demands on the
treasury, like the present, and to avoid inouriing i
a national debt, or to pay it off when contracted ? ,
Increase the duties in this way, and you have a j
protective tariff: you fall into the hands of the pro- :
tectionists inevitably; and that is what the gentle- -
man from Ohio and the whole Whig party seek; :
what they are endeavoring to accomplish by resist- S
ing direct taxation—by resisting tlus appeal to the j
great principles of the Republican party. They j
are seeking to force us back again upon the ground !
20
of protection, to bring upon us a high protective
tariff; and Mr. Ritchie ought to know it, and does
know it; and I charge him with cooperating with
these high-tariff men—with abandoning the doc-
trines of free trade. He is willing that a debt of
one or two hundred millions should be accumu-
lated, thus making it absolutely necessary that the
principle of a low tariff should be abandoned and
a high protective tariff resorted to, because there
is no other way of meeting these extraordinary
expenditures except by direct taxation, which he
so loudly condemns. If you have brought your
tariff down, in time of peace, to the lowest point
demanded by an economical administration of the
Government, how are you to meet extraordinary
expenditures except by an increase of the tariff, or
a resort to direct taxes ? If the tariff be increased,
do you not come upon the grounds of the protec-
tionists ? To avoid this, is the policy of the Re-
publican party. The only alternative is a resort tu
direct taxation; and for bringing forward a propo-
sition based on this principle I am denounced.
Within a few days I have been assailed from
the same pource, charged with hnvmg abandoned
the doctrines of the free-trade party. I have
never abandoned them; I have held them from my
youth. I adhere to (hem still, lie charged me
with deserting the tariff of 1846, and with labor-
ing to defeat it m the last stages of its passage.
This is not true, and I ran bring " Father Ritchie"
himself to prove it. I never gave a vote the in-
tention or the effect of which was to defeat the
bill. My votes will be found consistent with each
other and with the sentiments declared in my
speech on that subject. Within the same hour in
which I gave the vote ofnon-concurrence with the
amendment of the Sennte, I voted twice against
laying the bill on the table. But suppose it to be
true that I did abandon the principles of free trade,
did I not come forward on the 1st of February
with a proposition founded upon those principles,
providing for raising by direct taxes revenue to
meet the extraordinary expenditures incident to
the war, and for the payment within a reasonable
time of the debt necessarily incurred in its prose-
cution? No sooner was this done than I am de-
nounced as a " mischievous ally." This is the
consistency of Mr. Ritchie !
Again : ho advises me " to consult wiser coun-
sellors." If by this he means to imply that in
moving in this measure I have consulted with the
opponents of this Administration, I pronounce the
insinuation false. I consulted witJi no man; I
ttfok counsel of my own judgment, and acted as I
thought duty to my constituents required. If, on
the other hand, I am to understand it as an invi-
tation to take counsel of him, I respectfully decline.
I would regaid it as unsafe. I think he has ar-
rived at that period of life when his judgment, if
he ever had any, is unbalanced andunhinged. He
has reached that period of old age known as second
childhood, more feeble and more helpless than the
fust. I trust I will be able to show before I sit
down that his deviations from party principles and
policy have been so wanton and so flagrant, that
it would be unsafe for atiy Democrat to rely upon
his counsels or follow his advice.
But the most extraordinary and significant part
of the article is that in which he infoims me that
the " platform is laid down" on which I am to
stand. Nov/ I appeal to every gentleman, can
language more grossly insolent be employed to-
wards a member of this House? It is substantially
this: The platform is laid down; if you choose to
stand upon it, well; but if you dare to depart from
it, I hold in my hand a lash with which to pursue
von. 1 am commanded to walk between two par-
allel lines, and if perchance I step over, the anath-
emas of this man are fulminated upon my head;
this man who professes to be the organ of the great
Republican party of the Union, and who has done
more to weaken and divide that party, by his nar-
row and sectional views, and by his denunciations
of sound and unwavering Democrats, than any
other one hundred men. If the Republican party
should be defeated, if its banner trails in the dust,
this Mr. T. Ritchie will not for the first time be
responsible for its overthrow by his assaults and
denunciations of men who have stood with fidelity
and entire consistency on the platform of the Re-
publican party. Without arrogating to myself
any particular merit, I claim to have stood there
myself, and I defy him and those who use him to
point out any act or vote of mine as a Representa-
tive upon this floor that conflicts in the least de-
gree with the principles of the party to which I
belong. Even if he chooses to penetrate my dis-
trict and inquire into my political conduct and his-
tory, I defy him to bring against me the first act
of party unfaithfulness.
This is a most novel, a most extraordinary
charge preferred against me. I venture to say
that you may search the records of the public
prints of every party organ that has existed since
the establishment of the Government without find-
ing its parallel. The principle here laid down is,
that the Representative has no right to think or act
for himself; that he has no right to consult the
feelings or wishes of the constituency he repre-
sents, but that his highest duties are discharged
when he follows blindly the path marked out for
him by others—when he stands like a block upon
(lie platform laid down for him. I have always
understood that by the Constitution all revenue
measures must originate in this'House. Mr.
Ritchie, it seems, interprets the Constitution dif-
ferently. "The platform is laid down;" "the
measures of finance are marked out;" and it is our
duty to pursue them under the pains and penalties
of excommunication. Who authorized " Father
Ritchie" to send in here his measures of finance?
or who gave him the right to demand of us im-
plicit obedience to the recommendations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, or to hurl upon us de-
nunciations ?
Sir, what were the objccts and purposes of my
amendment, honestly and fairly considered?^ I
have already stated that it was to reach the capital
and wealth of the country. I am one of those who
believe that a great public debt is a great calamity;
one of the most paralyzing and unmitigated curses
that can be inflicted upon labor; one of the most
effectual means of binding down and keeping
down tho honest laborers of the land. Such have
been its consequences in every Government, and if
the same policy be pursued by us, such will be its
results here. So believing, I am anxious to pro-
videfor the extinguishment of thP debt at an early
day; and this, too, from the pockets of those who
are best able to bear it. We are in the midst of a
war—a war that must be prosecuted. In its prose-
cution a large debt has already been incurred, and
if continued, it must be greatly increase®. I hold
that it is our duty that we should at this time pro-
vide means for its early extinguishment. We
have no right to inflict upon posterity those bur-
dens which properly belong to ourselves, and
which we are abundantly able to bear. What
right have we to cast upon our children the curse
of an onerous public debt? I hold that provision
should be made for its early payment, at least
within the life of the generation that creates it.
This is my doctrine; and it is for entertaining such
principles thnt 1 am denounced.
The able gentleman from North Carolina, chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
last Congress, [Mr. McKay,] when my proposi-
tion was introduced, made a speech in favor of
resorting to direct taxation, if the present war is
not speedily brought to a close. He^of course,
comes in for a share of the denunciations of the
" Union.1' I differ from that gentleman in this :
he would resort to this mode of raising revenue
only in the event of a prolonged continuance of
the war. I would advocate its adoption if the war
were to cease to-day. I look as well to the pay-
ment of the public debt as to the raising of money
to supply the immediate wants of the treasury.
If, after the extinguishment of the public debt,
there should be a surplus of revenue beyond the
ordinary wants of the Government, I would dimin-
ish the duties, and thus relieve the people from a
portion of the burdens of taxation. Such, I un-
dertake to say, are the doctrines of the free-trade
