306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
party; and to such results my proposition was
directed. Every man knows that the great bur-
dens of Government rest uptm the laboring, toiling
masses; and because they bear the load in silence,
because they have no pensioned presses to utter
their grievances or to assail their rulers, therefore
you would load them down until their very backs
were broken. My proposition was to reach the
capital of the country—to tax stocks, money at
interest, and personal property. I could not go
into details as to the particular kinds of personal
property on which I would have this tax imposed.
This was the appropriate duty of the committee.
Could I have gone into details, I should have desig-
nated as the objects of taxation, gold and silver
plate, pleasure carriages, watches and jewelry of
all kinds, and household furniture exceeding in
value a given amount.
These, sir, were some of the luxuries and ex-
travagances of the rich thai I particularly had m
view. I have already said that I did not intend
to exempt the capital of thc'South; and therefore
the peculiar property m which the money of the
planter is principally invested would have been
embraced. I desired to exempt the humble la-
borer of the country from any portion of this tax.
I believe that if the whole five millions proposed
to be raised by my amendment were drawn from '
the large capitalists and more wealthy classes, still
the largest proportion of the burdens of Govern-
ment would fall upon the laboring classes.
I have said I regard Mr. Ritchie as an unsafe ,
counsellor-, I would not dare to follow his advice, 1
even if I were disposed to seek it. In order to
show how unsafe and how dangerous it would be ;
to be guided by his counsels, I will read some of 1
his violent attacks upon General Jackson, and
also give the opinion which General Jackson en- !
tertained of him. I read extracts taken from the i
Richmond Enquirer at the time when General
Jackson's name was before the country as a can-
didate of the Republican party:
"We cannot consent to lend a hand toward the election !
of such a man as Andiew Jackson.'' |
We. won hi deprecate his election a& a curse upon oui j
country." j
" One who, m any great criws, would convert the whole '
countiy into one great camp, and would reduce almo-t
even thing: under maitial law."
" Compare him with Adams and Crawfoid, and how in-
ferior must he be.'J
'•'We can commend General Jackson** mode>fy m reti-
ring-from the Senate and the hrneh, where he di.-cover.-d
the superior qualifications ot other people. Can we !-ay as
much for his modesty, when lie now a.-pirmg to the high-
est office in this nation
lie i-* too little of a ftatesman, too ra^h} too violent in 1
liis temper, his mea.-ures too much inclined to arbitrary 1
government, to obtain the humble suppoit of the editoi of '
thispaper." j
'•'What kind of a President would this great civilian ,
make? A gentleman who cannot interpret the plain ox- :
predion of one law, and yet would be called upon to admin- i
ister all the laws of the land! One whose idea* are so !
purely military that he would transmute a Ttaitor into a s,pv, i
or would pimissh treason, not lr> the civic couru, but by*a '
court martian1' " |
These were the opinions entertained by Mr. !
Ritchie of General Jackson. Do you think, sir, I
that he would be a safe adviser for a Democrat j
who has drawn largely from the opinions of that '
great man in the formation of las political creed? !
who looks upon his veto messages as a text-book .
to guide the republican in the path of safety? I 1
shall not eaii upon him for his advice, but most
respectfully decline to follow any he mav offer.
But Geneuil jackson placed un record his esti- >
mate of Mr. Ritchie's character. I read from the
the letter* of Judge Brackenridge: j
"I have often hc:>rd bn.i (Jack-on) use t>.e-e emphatic '
wmd.- ; i- the .wat^t .-eoipuhej m ' \nd '
in one of these letter* he iws the following ldi.auaoe' which
de~-erve-j io b.; engraved in letter*? oi hra-^'; "* = '
"<Jseeth.it t am attacked in Couin.v* j,j C\;oke, Whit- '
• ma1:, and ' v jliiain-, aided bv that infamous pre.-^,the Rk h~
' piond IjU IfriK ii a cotrupt pr.-st- a- the Richmond ■
Ihi.juitei weie to approbate ipy cn-id'vt. I shnuld'ihink'thut
c m s-oimc u.i';uar;ied moment 1 hal comnu'tc I .s'wj
1 moi-ai impropriety.s
We all know with whatapprehension, nay, with :
wnai  eai Greneial Jackson, m Ins last moments t
con^mpiafed the displacement of jjis old friends'
Blair raid Hives, and the removal of T. Ritchie'to '
the seat of Government as the editor of the or an
of the Republican party. He predicted that divis-
ion in the party and disaster would follow. He '
remonstrated, he did all that a dying patriot could
do to save us from such a calamity, to pieserve '
the integrity and harmony of the Republican ranks. ■
out the faithful and tried servants of the party,
(Blair and I^ives,) who had stood by us in our hour
of peril, who had safely carried us through the most
trying and eventful struggle in the annals of party
warfare, were thrust aside. What were the rea-
sons assigned for this ? Did any one ever question
their integrity as partisans or as men ? Then-
ability and energy were never doubted; but it was
said that they had assailed so roughly many Dem-
ocrats as to make them obnoxious to a considera-
ble portion of the party. True, they did assail with
vigor, and justly, too, many professed and pre-
tended Democrats. Tt was at a time when treason
was rife in our ranks; when the Bank of the United
1 States had openly entered the political arena, and
I was buying up, like cattle in the market, presses
■ and the people's Representatives. And yet, Blair
t and Rives, during the whole twelve years of Jack-
j son's and "Van Buren's administrations, never de-
| nounced half as many members of the paity as
has this querulous and waspish old man. They
; denounced for good cause; lie, without reason or
just foundation. Take the members of the last
i Congress, and of the one hundred and forty Demo-
| crats of which it was composed, there cannot be
found twenty whose skirts are free from the direct
j or indirect censures of this reviler of General
1 Jackvson. Those who sustained appropriations for
internal improvements—embracing a large share of
the Democratic representation jn Congress—have
been duly read out of the party, unchurched from
its communion, and set over to the Whigs. In
the 44 Union5'* of December 1G, 1847, all such are
censured a's cooperating with the Wings "to op-
pose the war, to compel the Administration to
withdraw the army, to embarrass the Republican
party, and elevate the Whig candidate to the Presi-
dency. M
JSText came those who in the late Congress op-
posed a tax upon tea and coffee. All will remem-
: ber the severity with which the anathemas of the
; " Union" were poured out upon the heads of this
! class of sinners. At one time, there was no re-
demption or salvation for those who opposed the
principles of free trade; and last, but in due season,
are heard the thunders of this organ against those
who support this policy, and honestly seek to
carry it out by a resoit to direct taxation to meet
the heavy expenditures of a foreign war.
But the editor of the Union has other and deeper
sins to answer for than any 1 have yet charged
upon him. He labored to destroy the administra-
tion of Mr. Van Buren in the crisis of its fate. Pie
opposed that greatest and most wholesome of all
measures that engaged the attention and enlisted
the support of the Republican party of modern
times, the Independent Treasury, recommended
by Mr. Van Buren, whose Administration reflects
the highest honor on the Democratic party, and
will constitute a bright page in the history of the
Republic. I read again from the Richmond En-
quirer :
" This scheme [the Independent Treasury ] is wickod, be-
cause it can only he vaid to be a wanttrn expeiiment to dis-
credit the pie-ent State hanks, and would e.-sentiaiiy aid 1
Mr. B'ddle and hie bank in hteakmg them down.*' * :
"Tift it once act footnold, and all the }P«t.*aints of the '
Constitution will he hioKen down, with the liberties of Use i
people." :
'•The institution and (Mibh^liment of >ub treasuries at all
the necesiAij arid commercial pomf- m the c'nireil r:tat.j> '
would co-x the (ioveiumem >e\eial milhona or doling.
Strong hou^, with vaults, client-, bat*:, bolts, and b;e!:^. 1
would he uecr-s-aij, with a rcua.l, i corps ot watchmen and 1
an additional set ol officer*. To blind the punhc. the scheme !
might bh commenced with very le.v new oiheus, hut the\
would "joon he inciea^r d to any nai.ihei actually iiece--<.iry.J'' i
'• Po«- ihe benefit of 1Ar Gouge"- a'Lnm.M.i "we will s-up- .
po>e all the Stale hank- put down, their cjunters iepeal:-d, 1
and. H you plea-e, fne I'anvy t'/iv*ht doetrnx's earned out
a-i..ra- iia ad o,-ah^ (L-ire; nil giant- Jo i.h.dr. annulled-
debts, conha'-t-, credit, and Miver.* d ; tao.-v '
and our obligations to moialitv ai.d ahn -2 at* <:; r.;:J '
everyilnn^ we want to be puichased (<r -afri5:eed f,v rl'e
actual pa\m-itor pdd and v^-;, . :i,-ci Ul w.iat v.-mid v e '
be imp.ovi'd-"'
'•We c.o foi the sound Slate hauK'—^I o>,e w)<.e}i wiA
answer ffio pui(>o*'^ of the Guveifi;r,et.t. ih >-e ivhich Aie :
honest in then wishes and 70«\ImjMn Iheic r-i-niN to '
specie pajment—in jirefeienee to t:ie Ti--a ,nry -y-t"in."
" -v '• lia\e ohj -'Cted to the tfuh-trea^ur.- 1 m. so < ail°d
that, ia the place, it will enlaigL Uie j.ucuS-.ie >&• '
already too (-r:at lor a repi.bhc ; 'econd.v. i!«a? It eon-
tr.butes to endan?ei lie ol tke /vJtll twfa; and, ,
| urc.lv, that U ^ Cfileelated to produce two cuireiicies a
hi trnne lor the people and a better one for tlicCo\-ni-
nient. '
" VVe opposed the Sub-trea.mry system, so denominated,
m we maintain the same §iound m lfcoT,'?
Where will you find more gross and outrageous
assaults upon this measure, shoukl you searcli the \
most violent Whig papers of the tiriiG? This is ii
the man who shortly after was upon his knees, a
. suppliant for mercy, imploring forgiveness for
himself and his fellow-traitors, Rives and Tall-
madge, and begging to be received once more into
the party. This is the man who now denounces
and reads Democrats out of the party by the score.
Then, he was anxious to be taken in upon any
; terms, even on trial; now, he has grown so arro-
i gant and presuming as to erect a platform on-which
. all must stand.
: These attacks upon me, after all, have not conic
, so unexpectedly. I anticipated them before I left
, iiome; and in a public meeting of my constituents,
told them I was a marked man by this old dotard;
that if it were in the power of his press to destroy
my standing, he would do it. But I bid him de-
fiance. My people know me, and are beginning-
pretty well to uudeistand him, and (hoae who use
him. I could easily save myself from these assaults,
if I were as vacillating as lie ha.* bcc-n. There
would be no difficulty between Mr. Ritchie and
; myself if one day I would support a gieat meas-
ure on principle, and the next day turn round and
| oppose it. I would be secure from mtsiepresenta-
i tion and abuse if I would submit my neck to the
• yoke, and wear the collar of a certain aspirant for
: the Presidency, in whose interest the Union" is
| enlisted, and for whose elevation it is laboring. If
, I would make myself an instrument in his hands,
; (which God forbid !) I have no doubt but there
would be an abundance of giace and mercy for me.
The Abraham's bosom of "Father Ritchie'5 is
' wide enough and warm enough for all sorts of sin-
I ners except myself. Those who opposed the tariff
—I do not wish to be understood as censuring
them—have been received back into the fold of the
party; those who opposed the Administration on
! the question of improvements of rivers and har-
; bors, although excommunicated, have received
: absolution; for even the flagrant sin of opposition
; to the tax on tea and coffee, i think there has beerr
! forgiveness; and I verily believe that I, although
the greatest of sinners, might be forgiven even for
the proviso, if I would enlist under the banner
of a certain aspirant for the Presidency. I have
formed my deliberate opinions and estimates of
this man, and I declare I prefer any other man
named by the Republican party as a candidate for
the Presidency—either Cass, Dallas, or Wood-
bury, nay, even Mr. Calhoun himself; he is a bold,
frank man, who meets all questions fairly, ne\er
evading or dodging the issues they involve.
Sir, simultaneously, on the 25th of December,
the " rjmon," in this city, and the " Pennsyl-
vanian," a paper published one hundred and fifty
miles distant, came out with articles abusive and
denunciatory of myself. The editor of the latter
pd£er was in this city at the Hme, and from the
similarity of the charges preferred against me,
I have no doubt that the attacks were arranged
and preconcerted. My prostration was determined
upon, because it was believed that my opposition
to this Presidential aspirant was uncompromising
and unyielding. Again: the article which I have
been noticing, which appeared in the " Union" of
the 3d instant, was also, as I am informed, accom-
panied by a snn.Sar attack m the Pennsylvania^ "
of the same date, and they are both the leading
organs of Hie scheming, ambitious candidate, The
one in Philadelphia is known to be devoted en-
tirely to his mtriestj edited by his protege, who is
m the receipt of §1,500 of the public patronage.
The singular coincidence of these attacks, both in
time, character, and circumstance, leaves no doubt
upon my mind as to the source from which they
come, or the reasons that prompt them. That as-
pirant may send papers ond documents into my
county, to men oi' whose names '.c has never
heard, except they have been furnished, maiked
" with tho kind respects o> ." Vet he will
find the Democracy of <hat eountv firm in their
attachment to their princinles, and hke a wall to
those who opp*'so them. Talk of him a> u candi-
date for the Presidency ! With him as their can-*
didatc they would meet with a mnst overwhelming
and most disystious defe.it. plo the candidate of
the Republ ic;ut j:::;rty—the revjitn' ofMiuliaon ! the
opponent of the vv','"r ' I; is idle; and his friends
beuin to see it and know it.
The true reasons for this assault upon me arc,
first, my adherence to the proviso; and, next, my
unwillingness to favor the pretensions of Ibis marl.
1 have no candidate, no particular favorite; but 1 pi e-
fer either of the Democrats who have been named
