1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
to this man. I have a right to these preferences, to
enjoy them, and to express them. I doubt not
that for so doing a portion of the press of my State
will assail and denounce me. But I intend to pre-
serve all such, and doubt not but the ear-mark
will be found upon them, and that upon inquiry it
will be discovered that they are in the receipt of
patronage from him, or obtained through his in-
fluence. I believe, but for the large patronage
employed, that the Democracy of Pennsylvania
would have declared its preference for some other
man for the Presidency. Here, sir, men are de-
nounced, proscribed, read out of the party, for no
other offence than demanding that the free soil of
the country shall be preserved for freemen,"^.nd for
proposing to tax the wealth of the country, and
make it contribute us due share towards the ex-
penses of the war and the payment of" the public
■debt. How was it, sir, in Pennsylvania, when the
integrity of the Democratic party was struck down,
ks candidate for United States Senator defeated,
by a combination of Whigs, Natives, and a few
unsound Democrats; when chicanery triumphed
■over party usages, and prostrated as pure, as noble,
and as talented a man as breathes the air of our
mountain hills—how was it then? Were there ;
any denunciations for those who had brought
about this defeat and overthrow of our party?
How was it when the Democracy of Pennsylva-
nia appealed to those in high places here to stand
by and sustain the party thus stricken down, to
vindicate its usages? Then,sir,this man, whose
eyes are directed to the White House, could take
refuge behind his official position, and declare he
thought it improper for him to interfere in the af-
fairs of a sovereign State. With all his nice sense
of propriety in this respect, will either he or Ins
friends inform the public whether he did not write
to Maine, with a view to influence the Governor
to appoint a particular individual Senator in the
place of Mr. Fairfield ? lie can interfere in the
affairs of a State, even of a county or township,
when it suits his own purposes and advances his
own interests. Pending an election of delegates
to a county convention, he can send, or cause to
be sent, papers marked with his " kind respects,"
for the purpose of controlling that convention, and
securing the election of delegates favoiable to him-
self for the Presidency. Hut when the great Re-
publican party of Pennsylvania call upon him to
stand by us usages, sustain its integrity and its
chamcter, then he can take refuge behind his
office; then he Iftus even a squeamish sense of the
proprieties of his position. This man the candi-
date of the Republican party ' We are not driven
to such an extremity, ile may carry fin- dele-
gates from Pennsylvania in flic national convent
(ton, but they will be of no service in securing a
nomination. If of the ri^lit material, they might
be of value m the trading and trafficking which too
frequently characterizes such bodies. He num-
bers in the ranks of his supporters many of the
best and soundest Republicans of that State, but
there is scarcely a trading, trafficking, unprin-
cipled politician within its borders who is not
enlisted under his banner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said that a good
many would like to know to whom the gentleman
from Pennsylvania referred by name.
Mr, WILMOT. 1 have no doubt hut that every
gentleman present knows the individual to whom
1 have reference. Hut f am not in the habit of
speaking in the daik. 1 refei to the Secretary of
Sfnte; and 1 verily believe that one if not the main
cause for these assaults upon me is to be found in
my opposition to him. I repeat, no one who
maintains his independence and his manhood, who
refuses to enlist as a partisan m his cause, can ever
find favor, much less friendship, at his hands.
Why did George W. Woodward's head full in the
Senate Chamber5 
Mi. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
BROWN, of Pennsylvania, interposed to make
explanations.
Mr. WILMOT yielded the floor,
Mr. O. BROWN interposed here to make an
explanation: and Mr. W. yielding the floor, he
asked his colleague if he [Mr. Wilmot] was not
at Haritsburg immediately previous to the time
Mr. Woodward was first named ns a candidate
for the United States Senate, ond if he did not
come there as the avowed friend of Mr. Wood-
ward; but when there, believing there was a
chance for his own nomination, turn against Mr.
Woodward, and did all he could to defeat his
nomination ? He (Mr. B.) was there at the time,
and knew that his [Mr. Wilmot's] particular and
bosom friends did all they could against Mr.
Woodward, and that it was understood he himself
did the same. He (Mr. B.) wrote to Mr. Wood-
ward at the time. At the same time Mr, B. knew
many of Mr. Buchanan's friends were then the
strong supporters of Mr. Woodward. For him-
self, Mr. B. said, he was not the partisan fiienu
of Mr. Buchanan for the Presidency, or of any
other man; but he thought- it was not very chival-
rous, to say the least, to get up on a question of
personal privilege to assail a citizen of his own
State, when there was no chance of a reply. #
[There were loud cnes of order. Mr. Bbown,
who spoke under some excitement, was frequently
interrupted, and much confusion prevailed through
the House.]
The SPEAKER interposed, and remarked that
the gentleman fioin Pennsylvania [Mr. Brown]
was not in order.
Mr. BROWN still retained possession of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will take his seat.
Mr. BROWN. I have done, sir.
Mr. WILMOT then resumed, and said it seem-
ed his remarks had roused his colleague.
Mr. BROWN. Only to put right a matter of
fact, sir.'
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, desired to
say a word.
Mr. WILMOT refused to yield the floor. He
said he desired to set himself right in relation to
the remarks of the gentleman from Philadelphia,
[Mr. Biiown.] He said he was not responsible for
the action of others. In the second place, he was
not opposed to the election of Mr. "Woodward.
And, thirdly, he had no idea or expectation of
being clectcd Senator of the United States from
the State of Pennsylvania; none at all. He was
in favor of George W. Woodward. When Mr.
Cameron was elccted lie was not in Hamsburg,
and he had no more idea of being elected Senator
than any other gentleman in his country.
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
BROWN and Mr. WILMOT in an under tone.
When he could be again heard, Mr. Wilmot was
explaining that he had been nominated with some
hundred others; that he had been spoken of by
some friends; but that he had not five friends there,
and how, then, could ho have had any chance of
an election? Be solemnly declared that George
W. Woodward wa  his first rhoicc. As to the
friend alluded to, he took him into a room and told
' him that his declarations respecting Mr. Wood-
' waid were not pleasing to him, (Mr. W.^
' Mr. BROWN desired the gentleman to yield the
' door that lie might explain.
I Mr. WILMOT icfused to yield the floor; the
I gentleman had consumed too much of his time bc-
> fore. He wished distinctly to say that the gentle-
! man from Philadelphia labored under a wrong
1 impression. That he was opposed to Mr. Wood-
j ward was not true. The gentleman from Phila-
1 delphia had no record to show that he was. Mr.
' Woodward was his friend. He desired to sec Mr.
Woodward in the United States Senate more than
any other man, both on account of his personal
relations with him and his eminent talents. And,
in relation to the judgeship, he said that his friends
believed that Mr. Woodward had been struck
down with the consent of the Secretary of State.
[Mr. Brown made some observations from his
seat. ] The gentleman said it was not a fact: but he
said the friends of Air. Woodward believed it. If
it were not so he wished to do no injustice; but
Mr. Woodward's friends so believed. If it were
not so they were wrong, and not he who reported
what they believed, lie (Mr. W.) could not
prove it on the Secretary of State, as facts weie
pro\ed m courts of justice : but he again declared
that Mr. Wood ward's friends so believed; and
this ho knew, that Dir. Buchanan did not. come
out and vindicate the paity. That he did know.
It might be asked whet all this had to do with a
personal explanation? To which he would reply,
that he was showing his constituents why he was
assailed here and m Philadelphia. It was not
because he had betrayed the cause of labor or the
interests of the people; it was because he would
not submit to walk the plank Mr. Ritchie had
laid down, or attached himself to the car of a par-
ticular aspirant to the Presidency. That was the
reason. But why should he be'so assailed? 'He
appealed to his whole conduct to show that he
advocated the general principles of the party-. He,
had supported all the great questions by acting
uniformly with the Administration. He had sus- .
tained all the great party measures with no more
difference on other points than had characterized
some other gentlemen. But because he differed
as to the way to raise money to carry on the war;
because he was opposed to taxffrg labor by the
imposition of a duty on tea and coffee, desiring
rather to tax jewelry and other property, he was
to be driven out of the party. That was the rea-
son, that was the pretence for it. As well might
some Western members be accused of deserting
the Administration because they had not agreed
with the Administration on every point. He was
with the Administration on the questions of war
and the acquisition of territory; but because he
desired it to be free territory, Was that a reason
why he should be denounced? When had it be-
come a doctrine of the Democratic party that they
must be in favor of extending slavery over free
soil? He had not abandoned the cause intrusted
to him; he had not been unfaithful to the cause of
the laboring man; but he was not willing to stand
on the platform that Mr, Ritchie might lay down in
ail things; and, further, he chose to act on his own
preferences for a candidate for the Presidency.
Here the SPEAKER announced the expiration
of the gentleman's hour.
Mr. BRODHEAD then desired to make a brief
explanation.
Mr. ROOT objected.
Mi-. C. J. ING'fERSOLL said if the gentleman
persisted in his objection, ho should move a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. ROOT still objected, observing that the ex-
planation could be reserved for another day.
Mr. THOMPSON desired to make an explana-
tion now, ifhis colleague did not.
Mr. C. .f. INGERSOLL said he did, too.
Mr. BOTTS moved a suspension of the rules to
give the gentlemen from Pennsylvania an oppor-
tunity to be heard; which was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, then rose
and said that the few remarks he should submit
would be offered moreunder feelings of regret than
in a spirit of anger towards his colleague. Pie
must say, however, in the outset, that he was
much indebted to the House for its indulgence in
giving him an opportunity now to reply to the re-
ntal kg of the gentleman who had just addressed
them. It seemed to him that it nearly always
happened in every community that some spirit of
malignity superinduced some poisons, if they could
not rise to the eminence others occupied, to en-
deavor to pull such persons down to the level of
themselves. No man perhaps in this Union stood
hi'.'dier than James Buchanan, and it would be well
for his colleague if, when he shall have arrived at
Mr. Buchanan's age, he shall have earned for him-
self such a reputation for honor and talent as the
Secretary of State. His colleague had remarked
that Mr. Buchanan was the rcvilcr of Mr. Madi-
son, and an opposer of the war of 1812. An op-
poser of the war! And where was his colleague
at that time? In his cradle, and yet he presumed
to assail Mr. Buchanan, who, if inquired for,
would be found to he a volunteer in the army at
that time. Mr. Buchanan an opposer of the last
war! Seek for him and he would be found in the
lines at Baltimore. He an opposer of the last war I
Why, he was its anient suppoiler both in the Le-
gislature and on the stump. He had been assail-
ed respecting some old speech attributed to him—
that old speech had been a standing slander—but
Mr. Buchanan made, no other speech than for the
prosecution of the war. The version given of Mr.
Buchanan's speech was untrue.
But, further, his colleague had alluded to affairs
at home, in regard to the nomination of a Mr.
Woodward. Now, he had lived as long m Penn-
sylvania as his friend—he would call him so still,
though he lidd foifeitedall claims to the title by
his attack on one of their most prominent citizens
—and he never heard of the appearance or Mr.
Buchanan at that election between Mr. Woodward
and Mr. Cameron. , .
Mr. WILMOT made some observation in his
seat which was not audible at the reporter s desk.
Mr THOMPSON would ask what Mr. Buchan-
an pould have done to "stand by his party "as
the gentleman desired he should have done, lne
