1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
B.tion of the said floui, the said bonds m y be cancelled
■under snob regulations as Congress may proscribe.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of Henry D. Huff and
sixty-four others, citizens of Wisconsin and Illinois, pray-
ing for the establishment of a postdate from Soufhpoit,
Wisconsin, to Richmond, Illinois, via Pleasant Prairie,
Knoxon's Corner, Libertv, and English Prairie.
By Mr. T. BUTLER KING: The petition of the pilots
and others of the town of St. Mary's, Georgia, asking that
the light-house on Amelia Island may be removed to a more
«iuribie position.
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania; The petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for the passage of a law
providing for the free distribution of the public lauds amois^
the non landholders of the, United States.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan : Thy petition from the in-
habitants of Eaton and Ingham counties, for a mail route
from Marshall, Michigan, to the capital of the State, via
Eaton Rapid-'.
By Mr. WM. THOMPSON, of fowa: Sundry peU ions
from various parts of the State of Iowa, in addition to for-
mer petitions of the same purport, praying tor the establish-
ment of a post route from Alexandria, Missouri, via Bloom-
field, Pnncoton? ICnoxvitle, and other intermediate points,
to Fort De* Monies, in the State of Iowa.
By Mr. ROBERT d MIT II : The petition of JesseGordon,
a revolutionary soldier, in the ninety-third year ot his age,
pravingan increase of pension.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Billing (). Plimp-
ton, Rinse I Bordon, and others, citizens of Trumbull county,
Ohio,pra>ii}gtheieduction of postage one-half on ail papers
containing not moie than five hundred square inches. Also,
the petition of Hnaia Giddinss, and otheis, citizens of
Portage county, Ohio, praying the reduction of postage one-
tialf on all papers containing not more than five hundred
square niche-*.
By Mr. WE VTWOHTH; A petition for a mail route from
Littlefort, via Wentvvorth, Angola, Antioch, Fmeltsh Piairie.
iiJivm's Mills, Solon, Kiefmiond, Alden, Bigfoot Piauie,
(Wisconsin,) HuitonN Corneis, (Illinois,) Wilmot and
Mauley's Piairie. to Rcloit, in Wisconsin. Also, the peti-
tion of Ch.ules Gardner, for n grant of land to improve the
navigation of the Iroquois and Kankakee rivers.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois : The petition of John Springer,
•and a large number of other citizens of Madison comity,
Illinois, praung a reduction of postage on juvenile news-
papers of small dimensions. Also, the petition of T. Harri-
son, and 111 other citizens of St. Clair county, niinoi-, for
the same object. Also, the petition of John Hamilton, of
Alton, IlhnoH, pra.wng remuneration for moneys paid by
linn for the United'States Government duiiug the late war
with Gieat Butain.
By Mr HOLM I0S, of New York: The petition of Epii-
raim Finch and other.ijn behalf of Thomas Muer, loi money
expended while in the service of the United Statwa duyng
the last war with Great Britain.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The petition of Lmvry Wilham^an
Indian countryman, and entitled to all tin: privileges of a
•Cherokee Indian under the provisions of a treaty between
the United States and the Cherokee nation oflndians, con-
cluded in 183.1, piayiug that Congress may provide for the
payment of one-half of the value of his improvement, a* as-
sessed by the vulumz agents appointed in accordance with
the provisions of said treaty, and which have been withheld
from him illegally.
By Mr. FUttEDLEY: The resolutions and proceedings
of a public meeting held in the fifth Congressional district of
Pennsylvania, relative to the wai with Mexico.
By Mi. DICKEY: The petition of S. T Trimble and 10U
other citizen* of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying lot
an altrration in the rates ol postage new established bylaw.
Also, (he petition of Talbot Town-end and oth< i eiii/,ens
of Beaver countv, IViiiimIvama. pravm«r that the pubhe
Jands-.li.dl bt' laid outin latum and snail lots lor the fiee n e
of such citizens (not poj>< ed o( othei lands) as will oc-
cupy Iheni, allowing the settler the light fo dispose <>f his
poa.sessinns to any one not possessed ol oilier laml. Also,
the petition of William J. Alexander and 100 other citizens
of Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying for a icdue-
tion of the rates of postage, and also for a reduction of post-
age in iavor of Juvenile newspapers
By Mr. TURNBlt: The petition of John Dexter and HU
others, praung for a mail route fmm Peru, in the State of
Illinois, to Lee, Centre, and Daysville. Also, the petition ot
John Rose and 89 others ptaying lor a mail route from La
Salle, in the State of Illinois, to Roekford, in the >amo
State. ANo, Die petition and memoiia! of citizens of the.
Slate of Illinois, praying tor an act to grant the right of pie-
emption to the Gieat Western raihoad, in the Stale of Illi-
nois, to the public lauds through which said lailroad may
pass.
By Mr. INGE: The petition of 32 citizens of Fayette
county, in the State of Alabama, praying an increase of the
revolutionary pension of David Black.
By Mi. HOUSTON, of Delaware: A memorial, signed
by numetous citizens in various ports of the United Stales
praying for an appropriation for the eonsirucuon of an ici;
harbor at Delaware citv, on the Delaware river.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Henry *>■ Evans and
48t> otlv-r citizen® of Missouri, praying a giant to the State
of Missouri of each alternate section of land held by the
United States for five miles on eacli side of a proposed rail-
road fiom the city of Lexington, via St. Louis, to Ohio city,
■at the mouth of the Oluo river; the t-aid land, or the pro-
ceeds theieo', to be applied in aid ot the construction of
said road, and not otherwise; and where said lands have
been purchased or preoccupied bv settlers on preemption
rights, that the State be permitted to select an equivalent
quantity from continuous lands along said road. Also, the
petition of ifudtn Pearson and 87 otheis, praying Congress [
to provide lor draining the swamp or submerged lands m
southeastern Missouri. Also, the petition of M. Underwood
and ot> others, praving the establishment of a post route
from Fredenckiowu. in Madison county, Mtssoun, to
Lound's post ufliee, Wayne county, same State, via Devatt
Bollinger's.
By Mr. EDWARDS: The memorial and papers of the
heirs of lsiael Cryder, for claims- against the United States
for provisions purchased foi the army during the Revolution.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 7,1848,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, accom-
panied by a map of the examination of New
Mexico made by Lieutenant J. W. Abert; which
was read.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of ministers
and laymen of the Unitarian denomination of
Christians, praying the adoption of measures for
the reestablishment of peace between the United
States and the Republic of.Mexieo; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. •
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Obed
Hussey, praying an extension of his patent for a
reaping machine"; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Wynn, praying to be allowed the right
of preemption to certain lands in the State of
Arkansas; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
lle.soh.edy That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquiie into the expediency of establishing a post
route ftom Allien* to Kington, Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following* resolution, which was considered by
unanimous eonscnt and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Po>tmast.'r General be instructed to re-
port to the Senate theeuiNoxof the repeated recent failures of
the mail to and from New Oilcans; and what legislation, if
anv, is necessary to prevent the recurrence of such failures, as
well as to prevent the losses sustained by the public in con-
sequence of the conveyance of intelligence in advance pf
the United Stales mul, by the express mail established by
individual*.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved^ That the President of the United Stateb be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if m the possession
of the Dopaitment of State, a copy of the insti actions of the
ministerial council of the Republic of Mexico to the com-
missioners appointed to negotiate with Mr. Tri*t, dated at
Mexico on oi about the 24th day of August, 1847; together
with the proposals or project, if any, submitted by the Mex-
ican commissioners as the b« U of a treaty, prior to the
counter-project submitted by them on the 6th of September,
1847, and already communicated to the Senate; and al>o
the proceedings, if am, winch were had in relation to said
pioposmW fir^t submitted ;sn laras thesame may be commu-
nicated conM*tcn!ly with the public interest
REPORTS FROM COM MITTE K S.
Mr. BRICKSIil, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to giant to
the State of Illinois a rurht of way through the
public lands, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill to establish
the territorial government of Oregon, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a resolution for the relief of Betsey
Mcintosh; which was read the first and second
times bv unanimous consent.
The Senate proceeded to consider said resolu-
tion, as in Committee of the Whole; and no amend-
ment being made, it was reported to the Senate,
ordered to he engrossed and read a third time.
The said resolution was lead a third time, by
| unanimous consent, and passed,
j MESSAGK 1'BOil THE HOUSE.
| A message was received from the House of
! Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk,
I announcing that the House of Representatives
j have passed bills of the following titles:
; An act for the relief of William Culver ;
] An act for the relief of Daniel Robinson;
i An act for the relief of Elizabeth Clapper, of
i MusKingum county, in the State of Ohio ;
An act for the relief of Harriet Barney ;
An act for the relief of John Anderson;
An act for the relief of Joseph C. Doxey •,
An act for the relief of S. Morris Wain;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Amelia Brereton ;
An act for the relief of the legal heirs of John
Snyder, deceased *,
An act for the relief of Barclay & Livingston,,
and Smith, Thurgar, & Co.;
An act for the relief of A-mzy Judd*
An act for the relief of the heirs of Matthew
Stewart;
An act for the relief of Joseph and Lindley
Ward •,
An act for the relief of Mrs* Anne W. Angus;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Mays ;
An act for the relief of Jame^H. Conley;
An act for the relief of Jesse Young;
An act for the relief of Silas Waterman. *
In which they request the concurrence of the
Senate.
The said bills were read a first and second time,
by unanimous consent, and referred as follows:
Tiie bills for the relief of William Culver; of'
Daniel Robinson; of John Anderson; of Joseph C,
Doxey; of S. Morris Wain; of the legal represent-
atives of Amelia Brereton; of the legal heirs of
John Snyder, deceased; and of the heirs of Mat-
thew Stewart; were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The bills for the relief of Elizabeth Clapper; of
Harriet Barney; of Jesse Young; and of Silas
Waterman; were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Anne W. An-
gus; of Elizabeth Mays; and of James H. Con-
ley; were referred to the Committee oii"Na\al
A flairs. . .
The bill for the relief of Barclay & Livingston,
Smith, Thurgar & Co., was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The bill for the relief of Amzy Judd was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindley
Ward was referred to the Committee on Indian
A flairs.
PROMOTION OF CADETS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following1
resolution, submitted by Mr. Benton on the 2d
instant, and it was agreed to:
Resolve*!, That the President be requested to cau^e the
Senate to be informed of the order or law by virtue of
which the following woids in relation to the promotion of
cadets have been inserted in the Auny Register ot the Uni-
ted States, pase 45, for the year 1847:
Cadets acting as supernumerary officers in the army, in
virtue of their brevet*, will be successively promoted to
vacancies of the lowest grade which may first happen m the
particular arm to which they may have been attached,
according to the order of rank established at the Military
Academy."
MAP OF MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
i resolution, submitted by Mr. Rusk on the 4th in-
j stant:
Hcsvlvai. That the Seeretnrv of the Senate be required to
• procure- hundred copies of the map ol Mexico, five
1 thousand copies of tne map ot tne Valley of Mexico and of
the neat of war, published by J Di^turnell. of New York,
nor to excecd in co^t one dollar each for the map of Mexico,
and ten cents loi the others.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was ordered that
it be referred to the Committee on the Library.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were then severally consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and were subse-
quently read a third time by unanimous consent
and passed:
A bill in addition to ail act for the relief of Wal-
ter Loomis and Abel Gay, approved July 2, 1836.
A bill for the relief of Edward Bolon.
A bill confirming former sales, by the State of
Illinois, of the Ohio Saline Reservations, and au-
thorizing the sale of the residue of such reserva-
tions.
HALF-PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
amending the.act entitled "An act granting half-
pay to widows or orphans where their husbands
and fathers have died of wounds received in the
military service of the United States, in cases of
deceased officers and soldiers of the militia ana
volunteers," passed July 4, 1836.
The question being on ordering the bill to Be
engrossed and read a third time
Mr. NILES offered the following amendment,
which was agreed to: . ...
Add tn tlie eml of the bill," who were m the aimy of the
United States on the first day of March 1846, or at aav sub-
sequent pf nod during the present war between the United
States and Mexico."
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and
