1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
this time with the existing Government. The
Mexicans would wish to reclaim this territory by
negotiation.
Mr. DAVIS explained, that the line which the
Senator had indicated, was marked by greater ad-
vantages than had been described. It was not a
defensive line, but a military line, which could be
held as the basis of military operations.
Mr. HUNTER resumed, by reference to the
remarks of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Dix,] concerning the danger of the interference of
European Powers, if we withdraw our troops to
this or any other line. He did not think that able
Senator had, on this point, sustained his position,
and he gave the reasons which induced him to dis-
sent from the conclusions of that distinguished
gentleman. He did not think the inducements to
foreign interference would be increased by such
withdrawal. He thought, too, that, as to the rel-
ative power of the priesthood, the longer the war
continues the less likely are we to reduce it. Make
peace now, and we leave this power where we found
it. If we continue the war, we promote the views
of the friends of a monarchy; unless it is proposed
that we shall build up a republic there, and main-
tain it by the sword. To tins he could never
agree. He denied that to withdraw to a line
would in any way tarnish our national reputation.
Our object in retreating would be, because we
would not indict unnecessary misery and affliction
on the country. Our army has done enough for
the glory of the country—enough for "fame! May
these also survive and long live in the affections
of their country! Our army has done enough fur
military glory. There can bo no danger in re-
treating behind a given line.
It had been thrown out that the people would bo
willing: to take a more limited boundary, but he did
not believe this was exactly so.
He then went into a brief and brilliant view of
the destiny which our country is destined to pur-
sue, of the aspirations.which should fill every
patriotic breast, (of which any synopsis which
could be given would utterly fail to give a coiyect
idea.) In the cultivation of the aspirations of our
name and fame, it bccame us to decide whether
we should pursue a peaceful path, or plunge deeper
into war. His conclusion was, that our interests,
both as regards our character in the eyes of the
world, and the perpetuity of our free institutions,
pointed to a course of moderation. It was by
pursuing such a course that we should most speed-
ily and most effectually reach that high moral and
political destiny which Providcnce seems to have
assigned to us.
Mr. MILLER then obtained the door, and,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time, the doors were re-opencd, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 8, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
Mr. IHIODHEAD rose and asked permission
to offer a resolution having relation to the funeral
expenses of his late colleague, Mr. Hornbeck,
whiHi was in the usual form, and therefore would
neither elicit debate nor objection.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rciobctl, That tiie Clerk of tins 1 Ioum- a<cor!;nu ihc usual
amount ot tuo expense of burial ot ;i deceased meniboi of,
tlus Ilou^e at the Coti^re^ioiml burvinjr ground, nc.tr tins j
oiU; ami such amount, when ascertained, the Cleik shall !
report to the Commitleo an Account-, who shall examine ;
the-ante ; and, it' appro\ ed by Kiut committee, the Clerk -
bh.tll thereupon pay the amount so reported to feaid commit- I
t"e to Mr.-,. Honibeck, widow of the late honorable John j
W. IIorxkpck, deceased, late a memburof this House from
the st'itf ot Pennsylvania; and that the Speaker pay to (ho
said Mrs. Hornbeek the balance of the daily pay and mile- j
«uje due to her late husband on the day of hus death, to wit,
on the IGth day of January, 18.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, desired to know
if there were any precedents for such a resolu-
tion.
Mi. BRODHEAD replied that the resolution '
had been prepared by the Clerk of the House in
accordance with the precedents on the Journal.
Mr. ATKINSON desired to make an inquiry. .
If he understood the resolution, it directed the :
Clerk of this House to ascertain the usual and 1
necessary expenses of the burial of members who i
die in this city, and, having ascertained them, to I
pay that amount to the widow of Mr. Hornbeck,
deceased. Now, he must say he regretted that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had introduced
a proposition of that sort, and, if he stood alone,
he would vote against it; and if the question was
to be taken, he hoped it would be taken by yeas
and nays. He knew it required some moral
courage to stand up in this Hall and oppose propo-
sitions of this kind; but there were rights and there
were wrongs, and he would have his arm cut off"
before he would nut his hand into the public treas-
ury and do that which the Constitution did not
allow them to do. It was bad enough, God knows,
to bury individuals who die here at the public
expense; but to make a donation to a widow of a
member of Congress, was what he had hoped
never to hear broached by a member of the Con-
gress of the United States. Fie must be pardoned
in saying that if he stood alone he should desire
to have his vote recorded in the negative on this
resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD replied, notwithstanding all
that had been said by the gentleman from Virginia,
if this resolution should be adopted, there would
be no more taken from the treasury of the United
States than if his colleague, Mr. Hornbeck, had
lived to the time of the election of his. successor.
Mr. Hornbeck, it must be recollected, had sus-
tained all the expenses of the campaign, and, hav-
ing been elected, he came here and took his seat.
His health, however, compelled him to return to
his home and to his family, where he sought the
care and consolation of his wife in his dying hour.
Inquiry had been made from him as to whether his
resolution was in the usual form. He answered
that it was.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had misunderstood his
inquiry. He did not inquire whether the resolu-
tion was in the usual form, but whether there were
any precedents for such a resolution; for really he
had no recollection of any. As to the form of the
resolution he had no other concern than that which
had relation to its becoming a precedent,
Mr. BRODHEAD. The gentleman from Ala-
bama inquired if there were any precedents for
this resolution; in reply, he would say that there
were, for the Clerk had framed this resolution pre-
cisely according to previous resolutions on the Jour-
nal. He would add that this resolution was entirely
proper, and the amount of money which he pro-
posed to appropriate by it ought to be paid. He
was very willing that the yeas and nays should be
taken upon it,
Mr. ATKINSON desired to ask a question.
Ho, desired lo know to what time the pay of the
gentleman's colleague wa^ to be calculated5
Mr. BltODI IIOAl) replied that it was calculated
up to the time of his death, and no more.
Mr. ATcCLHUNAND, for the purpose of ex-
amining into tins matter, and ascertaining if there
wore ony precedents, suggested that the resolution
should be referred to the Committee on Accounts.
If there were precedents, let the Committee on
Accounts report that fact to the House, and let not
the House cstablishfiew precedents without exam-
ination. He moved the reference of the resolution
to the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope it will not be refer-
red.
The motion to refer was* decided in the affirma-
tive—7!) voting in the affirmative, and 63 in the
negative.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, by leave, pre-
sented certain resolutions of the General Assembly
of Kentucky on the subject of newspaper postage.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. ST. JOHN, by leave, presented certain res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of New
York, on the subject of slavery in any territory
hereafter to be acquired by this Government.
Laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported^ a bill to establish the collection
district of Wareham, inthe State of Alassachusetts;
a bill for the relief of Elisha H. Willis; and a bill
to authonze the issue of a register to the barque
YVilhamet; which bills were severally read and
committed.
Mr. GRINNELL also reported a bill to change
the location of certain light-houses and buoys.
The bill was read a first and second-time.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved that
the bill be now put on its passage, and made a,few
remarks, strenuously urging the immediate pas-
sage of the bill.
After some further debate by Messrs. FICK-
LIN, GRINNELL, and SIMS—
Mr. FICKLIN moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
which motion was disagreed to. '
The bill was then read a third time and i
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the "vote
by which the bill to authorize the issue of a regis-
ter to the barque Wilhamet had been committed.
The motion to reconsider being agreed to, the
bill was read a third time, passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill for the improvement of certain har-
bors in the Territory of Wisconsin; and a bill
authorizing an additional number of inspectors in
the district of New Orleans; which bills were sev-
erally read and committed.
Mr. SIMPSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to license yachts, and for other purposes.
Read and committed. ' *
Air. COLLAMER, from the Committer on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the Senate bill to
provide for the compensation of Samuel Leech for
services in the investigation of suspended sales in
the Mineral Point district, Wisconsin, reported
the same with an amendment. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. C. also reported a bill in explanation of an
act entitled "An act to appropriate the proceeds of
the public lands and to grant preemption rights."
Read and committed.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Wm. W.
Gitt. Laid on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made a report on the reso-
lution of the House of the 17th instant relative to
the terms upon which the Postmaster General can
be released from the contract made by him during
the past year for the transportation of the great
southern mail from Baltimore down the bay. -Laid
on the table.
Also, from the same committee, a bill to amend
the act to provide for the transportation of the
mail between the United States and foreign coun-
tries, and for other purposes. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
John P. Skinner and the legal representatives of
Isaac Gre ?n. Read and committed.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled "An act in
amendment of the acts respecting the judicial sys-
terft of the United States."
Mr. A. said he had been directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The question was put on ordering the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill, and it was
agreed to.
The bill was then engrossed, read a third time,
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. ASHMUN also made an adverse report
upon the petition of Hannah Avery. Laid on the
table.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee oil the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred the House bill
to amend an act entitled "An act extending the
junsdiction of the district courts to certain cases
upon the lakes and navigable waters connecting
the same," approved February 26, 1845, reported
the same back to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. The bill was laid on the
table.
Air. LUMPKIN, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the House bill to divide
the State of Georgia into two judicial districts, and
organizing and establishing an additional district
court of the United States with circuit court pow-
ers and jurisdiction, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. L. moved that the bill now be put upon its
passage.
The question was put on ordering the engross-
ment and third reading, and it was agreed to.
