312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
The bill was then engrossed, read a third time, jj
and passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
rcnc6.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of "William McKenzie, late a seaman
on board the United States ship Vincennes. Read
and committed.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to amend
the charter of the Provident Association of Clerks
in thecity of Washington; which was read and com- j
mitted. )
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com- I
mittee of Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill j
for the relief of the grandchildren of Major Gen- j
eral Baron de Kalb. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. KING, Mr. Robert L. Rose, i
a member of the Committee on Revolutionary ;
Claims, who had been called home by illness m j
his family, was excused from fuither service on ]
said committee.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Revolu- [
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the i
legal representatives of Lieutenant Francis Ware.
Read and committed. _ !
« Also, an adverse report upon the petition of !
Isaac Porter. Laid on the table. '
Mr. BRADY, from the Committee on Piivate '
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James j
B. Davenport. Read and committed. .
Mr. RUMSEY, from the same committee, re- ;
ported a bill for the relief of Frederick Durrire, and ■
a bill for the relief of Elisha Thomasson. Read i
and committed. j
Mr. HARMANSON,from the same committee, ;
reported a bill for the relief of James B. Sexton; '
a bill to confirm Elizabeth Burriss, her heirs and j
assigns, in their title to a tract of land*, and a bill ;
for the relief of the heirs and widow of Francis j
Gramillion; which bills were severally read and i
committed. I
Mr. WICK, from the same committee, reported \
a bill for the relief of William Triplett; a bill for
the relief of Simon Rodriguez; a bill for the relief,
of Marcus Fulton Johnson; and a bill supple- j
mentary to an act approved the 6th day of July, ,
1842, entitled '*An act confirming certain land i
claims in Louisiana;" which bills were severally j
read and committed. 1
Also, an adverse leport upon the petition of j
Jacob Reer. Laid on the table. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the same |
committee, madeadverse reports upon the petitions ;
of James Swan and Adino Goodenough. Laid !
on the table. #
Mr. TOMPKINS, from the same committee, |
made an adverse report on the petition of Henry j
Reeks. Laid on the table. i
SENATE 13 ILLS.
Senate bills of the following titles were taken
up, read, and appropriately leferred, viz:
An act to allow further time for satisfying claims
for bounty lands for military services in the late
war with Great Britain, and for other purposes;
An act making an appropriation for lemoving
obstructions in the Savannah river;
An act for the relief of Peter Capella, adminis-
trator of Andrew Capella* deceased, and for the
relief of John Capo, and for the relief of Elijah
Petty and Hannah Petty, his wife, heirs of John
Beardon, deceased;
An act for the relief of Charles L. Dell;
An act for the relief of Richard S. Coxe;"
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Hoggatt;
An act amending the act entitled "An act grant-
ing half-pay to widows or orphans, where their
husbands and fathers have died of wounds received
in the military service of the United States, in
cases of deceased officers and soldiers of the mili-
tia and volunteers," passed July 4, 1836;
An act in addition to "An act for the relief of
Walter Loomis and Abel Gay,'' approved July 2,
1836;
An act for the relief of Edward Rolon;
An act confirming former sales by the State of
Illinois of the Ohio saline reservations, and autho-
rizing the sa'e of the residue of such reservations;
An act to enable and authorize the accounting
officers of the treasury to audit and settle the
accounts of certain acting officers therein men-
tioned;
An act to extend the provisions of the existing
pension laws to enlisted men of the ordnance corps !j
of the United States army; ^
An act to provide additional examiners in the
Patent Office, and for other purposes. h
Mr. FARRELLY stated that it was very import- ji
ant that this bill should pass immediately. The |;
business of the office was very much in arrear.
One of the examiners was now engaged upon a
case which was presented in May last; the other
on a case brought forward in June, some six or p
seven months ago. There were now over seven j!
: hundred applications pending for this year, being
an increase of about live hundred over last year;
and it was exceedingly important, both m justice ,
to inventors and with reference to the public in-!,
terests, that there should be such a force employed ;
j as that applications for patents might be passed {,
' upon without unreasonable delay. |j
' Mr. HENLEY urged immediate action upon ]'
the bill as indispensably necessary to give a speedy j,
examination to applications for patents. There
was now a deficiency in the number of examiners, \\
and the work was six months' behind, thus obli- 1:
ging meritorious inventors, who went there with ;i
money in hand, to wait an unieasonable time for i|
their inventions to be passed upon. Competent,!
j examiners must be men of science, and command- jj
i ed larger salaries in other places than they were ^
i paid in the Patent Office. The proposed increase
j of salary was necessary, and involved no expendi- -
! ture of money from the treasuty, as it came from |!
i the Patent Office fund. Gentlemen would be no :
better informed of the subjce.t three months hence; j!
and he hoped the bill would now be passed, as was ||
required by the policy of the Government in the jj
encouragement of the useful arts. ij
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, insisted on the !i
propriety of the reference to a committee, to give
opportunity for a full examination of its general j
merits, and especially of its details. He ques- \<
tioned the fact whether a patent fund was really j1
j on hand. There might be nominally; but had the
j large annual appropriations by Congress for print- h
1 nig" the Patent Office report, and other expenses j
! connected with the office, been deducted from the ,
■ revenues of the office, it would be found to be !'
! largely in debt. But if there was actually such a >1
; fund, it constituted no reason for paying- unreason- ■:
! able salaries. He was willing to pay fair ones. :
j He deprecated the practice that had grown up of ,
I passing bills without reference. He concluded by
modifying his motion so as to refer to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. VINTON said, unless this debate could be I
brought to a close, he should move the previous
question. |
Mr. HENLEY said he was willing to acquiesce
in the reference. |
After a few words from'Mr. BOWLIN, the bill j
was referred accordingly.
RGXJGH RICE AND PADDY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage fiom the President of the United States, in j
answer to a resolution of the House of January
31st, (ultimo,) communicating a report fiom the
, Secretary of State, and the "documents and cor-
;! respondence, not already published, relating to the
j! final adjustment of the difficulties between Great |
i | Britain and the United States concerning rough rice '
,j and paddy."
jj THE LOAN BILL THE FINANCES. ,
*On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re- j
j! solved itself into Committee of the Whole, on the '
ij state of the Union, (Mr. Botts, of Virginia,in the !
: chair.)
i Mr. VINTON moved that the committee pro-
;i ceed to the consideration of the bill to authorize a
\\ loan not to exceed the sum of eighteen million five
i: hundred thousand dollars.
Ij This motion was agreed to; and the bill having
ii been read—
ji Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the words !
: $38,500,000 and substitute therefor the sum of;
§16.000,000.
\\ Mr. VINTON said: At the commencement of
! the last session of Congress, when it was the duty 1
' j of the Executive to recommend, and of Congress j
;; to provide, for the wants of the present fiscal year, ■
i; the President of the United States, in his annual
•' message, and the Secretary of the Treasury, in .
j' his annual report, both stated, that if the war with '
Mexico should be continued till the first of July, ;
w A. D. 1848, a loan of twenty-three millions of dol- i
lars was all that would be wanted to carry the
Government forward to that date, and leave a sui-
plus of four millions in the treasury. Both these
functionaries recommended the loan. It was grant-
ed by Congress, and the money obtained. But,
notwithstanding this provision for the Govern-
ment, the Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
report to Congress on the state of the finances,
made at the commencement of the present session,
had informed us that a further loan of eighteen
and a half millions of dollars would be required to
meet the expenses of the Government tor the
same year. The bill now before us was reported
for that sum, in pursuance to this statement of the
Secretary and the recommendation of the Presi-
dent in his annual message. Shortly after the
bill was reported, perhaps on the some day, a let-
ter was addressed to the Speaker of the House by
the acting Secretary of the Treasury, giving in-
formation to the House of the fortunate discovery
of an error in the financial statement presented at
the commencement of the session, which disclosed
the gratifying fact that there were in the treasury,
subject to its command, near seven millions of dol-
lars more than had been stated in the prior report;
in consequence of which, the House was informed
that the loan could be reduced from eighteen and a
half to twelve millions of dollars.
A few days since, however, another letter was
transmitted to the House by the sarcn officer, con-
veying the unpleasant intelligence that when the
last letter was addressed to the House it was not
known at the Treasury Department that the Sec-
retary of War had called upon the Committee of
Ways and Means for an appropriation of near four
millions of dollars, to supply certain deficiencies in
that branch of the public service for the current
fiscal year, which would render a loan of sixteen
millions necessary to meet the wants of the Gov-
ernment. Presuming the errors to be all correct-
ed, and the omissions supplied which the Treasury
desires to provide for, he had now submitted the
motion to reduce the loan to sixteen millions in
accordance to the Executive recommendation. He
had made this motion, because the Secretary of the
Treasury does not ask for more, and not from a
belief of his own that this sum will suffice to carry
the Government to the 1st of July, when a new
fiscal year commences. On the contrary,, he feared,
and indeed he might say it was his opinion, that
instead of sixteen, from twenty to twenty-five mil-
lions would be wanted to carry us safely on to the
end of this year. And if the war shall continue
through the next fiscal year, for which the esti-
mates now lie before us, a further loan will be
necessary of not less than from thirty-five to thirty-
eight millions, even if Congress should refuse to
add to the army any part of the thirty thousand
! regulars and volunteers recommended by thePres-
| ident. He was aware there was a very wide dif-
I ference between this sum and twenty and a half
: millions, which the Secretary and the President of
, the United States have told us is all- that will be
needed for the next year—great and oppressive
upon the country as even that enormous sum must
be admitted to be. He knew this opinion plight
appear to be very bold and visionary in him, when
; put forth in opposition to that of the highest offi-
cers of the nation, and to proceed from some party
bias which had warped and blinded his better judg-
1 ment. But he felt that he had some right to ques-
' tion their accuracy, when it was recollected that
last year both of those functionaries, at the cor-
responding period of the year, expressed a stiong
and undoubting opinion that a loan of twenty-
. three millions would provide for all the wants of
; the Government for the now present year, and
1 leave a surplus of four millions in the treasury on
j the 1st of July next; and that they now mfoim us
i that an additional loan of sixteen millions is re-
quired to carry us to the 1st of July, and leave a
: surplus of only three millions in the treasury at
that time instead of four. From which fact it fol-
: lows, that at the last session, when it was our duty
1 to provide for the wants of the present year, in-
stead of providing for them now, the Executive,
looking to a surplus of four millions at the end of
the year, should then have recommended a loan of
forty millions instead of twenty-three. If at the
last session any member of the Opposition had
ventured the opinion that forty millions were
wanted, he would hardly have escaped the impu-
, tation of a desire to impair the public credit, and m
' that way t( give aid and comfort" to Mexico.
