314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
trade policy, and come back again to the piotcc- !
tion of the home labor of the country, as the only ;i
sure fountain of public prosperity and of abund- ^
ant supply of revenue. He had another reason \\
which weighed strongly with him for giving the u
lands in pledge. For near a quarter of a century jj
unceasing efforts had been made in both branches \\
of Congress to break down the public land system jj
and squander the lands, by reducing the price so : :
low that they would no longer be regarded as 1
worthy the care of Congress and the expense of j
managing them. He thought this pledge, with ^
all those who held that public pledges should be i
maintained inviolate, would be a bar to any future J
legislation that should impair its value. And yet,
in the face of all this, both the President of the •
United States, in his annual message to Co.ngress,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual .
report, utterly regardless of this pledge and of the J
express duty enjoined upon the Secretary, corne :
back to the attack upon this land fund with
renewed vigor, and exhaust all then* energy with ;
rio little sophis ry of argument to induce Congress J
to reduce the price of the lands. And for what, do
you think: Not as the means of paying off the i
debt for which they are mortgaged, but as the
means by aid of which they expect to raise the '
loan now asked for. And that there may be no ,
pretext on this subject for a repetition of the argu-
ment, wfcich only a few days since was urged on
this floor,* that d powerless minority in the last
Congress had acquiesced in Executive usurpations
because it made no movement to arrest them, he
would now give notice, that at the end of this
quarter he would move a resolution to inquire if ,
the injunctions of that law had been obeyed. i
Others of different opinions from his own were
in favor of giving this pledge, since it would put
an end to the policy of distributing the proceeds
of the lands among the States. Now, it is not a
little remarkable that the Secretary assumes that
this pledge lias interposed an insupetable bar
against distribution, while at the same time he
utterly disregards it in ah other respects. Had it
not been for this notice of it by the Secretary, he
should have presumed that both he and the Presi-
dent had inadvertently recommended a policy sub-
versive of the express injunctions of the law. No
matter if all the results could be realized which the
President and Secretary seem to imagine would
follow from a reduction of the price of the public ,
lands, still not a dollar of it could be lawfully used
in aid of the loan now under consideration, nor in
aid of the other expenses of the Government, any .
further than so much of the moneys from the sales ;
of lands as will pay the accruing interest on the i
twenty-three million loan would to that extent
diminish the current expenses of the Government. !
The interest on the part of that loan now drawing i
interest, and on the whole of it for next year, will
amount to two and a half millions for thi3 year
and the next. In addition to that, eighteen hundred
thousand dollars have been received prior to the
fhst of January, which is not under pledge; ma-
king together four millions three hundred thou-
sand dollars as the whole amount that can be used
this year and next from the sales of the lands in
aid of the general charges on the treasury, let the
sales amount to what they may; while the esti-
mated receipts for the two years are six and a half
millions; making, therefore, an over-estimate, m
any event, of more than two millions from this
branch of the public revenue. But if he had time
to do it, he thought he could demonstrate to the sat-
isfaction of the" House that it was hardly possible
to pievent the Mexican bounty land warrant* from
absorbing for several years to come nearly all the
proceeds of the sales, as little else will be paid for
lands while they are outstanding, and remain at
their present reduced price, being in the market
worth but little more than half the Government
price of the quantity of land which they will buy.
If this unfortunate result should be realized, then
nearly the whole amount of the Secretary's esti-
mate for the lands would have to bs deducted
fiom the means of the treasury, and the interest
of even the twenty-three million loan provided for
otherwise. And here he would dismiss the sub-
ject of the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, and bestow some attention on those of the
Secretary of War, whiui are much wider of the
mark.
He had already shown, that in the estimates
presented last year for the expenses of the then
current year, between the over-estimates and under-
estimates of the two Secretaries, the treasury was
worse off at the end of the year than they had cal-
culated by more than nine millions of dollars; and
that, in his estimates for the now current year, the
Secretary of the Treasury had evidently fallen
again into the same error; and that, in forming an
opinion as" to the extent of the wants of the Gov-
ernment for this year over the loan now asked for,
we must add to it the amount of the Secretary's
over-estimate of receipts for the year, amounting
in all probability to at least five or more millions
of dollars, which would bring the loan wanted
from sixteen up to twenty-one millions. To this
, must be added whatever may be the under-esti-
. piates of the Secretary of War, At the last ses-
sion of Congress, when the regular estimates were
; presented for the present fiscal year, which com-
; menced on the 1st of July, 1847, the whole ex-
! penditures for the year, in all branches of the
' public scrvice, were estimated at $45,781,784 51.
! "VVe have gone through one month over half of the
year, and the estimates already sent in for the year
amount to $62,783,660 07, composed of the fol-
1 lowing items: Estimated expenditures for the
! current year, as set down in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the current year, the
; sum of $58,615,660 07; between the 9th of Decern- !
ber, the date of that report, and the date of the j
acting Secretary's letter to Congress of the 19th of i
January, in which he informed the House that the j
■ loan could be reduced to twelve millions, the Sec- ;
' retary of War had sent in to the Committee of
Ways and Means further estimates to the amount
of $3,303,000, and on the 3d instant the Secretary
of War sent in to the Committee of Ways and
1 Means a further estimate for a deficiency in the
; Quartermaster's Department of $36*0.000; making
altogether the before-mentioned sum of ^62,783,-
! 660 07, as the estimated expenditures of the year
1 which began on the 1st of July last, instead of the
■ sum of $45,781,784 51, as originally estimated at
1 the beginning of the last session of Congress. Of
this last sum, the Secretary of War estimated for
, the army proper, volunteers, and ordnance depart-
,, ment, the sum of ^23,978,929 25; while the esti-
' mated deficiencies sent in at the present session by
! the Secretary of War, for the army pioper, vdun-
| teers. and ordnance, amount to the additional sum
; of ^14,033.439 74 If we bear in mind that the
mere excess over the estimates for this branch of
the public service for a single year is equal to the
whole annual expense fexcept the payments made
on account of the public debt) of the entire Gov-
ernment under the administration of the younger
Adams, we may well be startled at this disclo-
, sure of what is now going on. But it is said, by
; way of excuse for this, that a larger force has been
called into the servicc than was anticipated when
!; the estimates were originally made for the year.
H Undoubtedly a larger force has been called out
!: than was provided for in those estimates; but is
that an excuse for the omission ? The true ques-
tion is, ought not these troops to have been esti-
mated for; and, if so, why was it omitted ' Has
the Administration since undertaken any great
military expedition or movement not then begun
or decided upon ? Were not our troops then in
New Mexico and California? Was not General
Taylor as fur advanced into Mexico as at this day?
Was not the invasion of Mexico through Vera
Cruz then decided upon? and had not the Com-
mander-in-chief then gone from this city to organ-
ize and take command of the expedition 3 Had
not both the Commander-in-chief and General
Taylor, when called upon officially, given it as
their opinion that to accomplish all that was de-
cided upon would require a larger force than has
even yet been called into the sen ice?
But, waiving these inquiries, have the whole
amount of the deficiencies for this year been even
yet presented to Congress? He was afraid not.
It appears that the Quartermaster General, on the
4th of November, estimated the deficiency in his
branch of the servicc as follows: For arrearages m
the Quartermaster's Department proper, seven mil-
lions five hundred thousand dollars; and for cloth-
ing, camp and garrison equipage, nine hundred and
sixty thousand dollars—making m all an estimated
average of eight millions four hundred and sixty
thousand dollars. "In submitting this estimate to
the Secretary of War, and along with it his esti-
mate for the next fiscal year, amounting for that
year to $19,291,200, the Quartermaster General
remarks that " these estimates are based upon the
'supposition that there will be from fifty to fifty-
'five thousand men in the pay of the Government
4 to be provided for, to keep thirty-five thousand
i effective men in the field; and that force is far too
' small for any valuable purpose. The force esti-
' mated for will every man of them be required."
The Secretary of War, notwithstanding, returned
these estimates to the Quartermaster General for
revision and reduction. And on the 15th of No-
vember, the Quartermaster General again handed
in these estimates, having cut down the estimate
for arrearages in the Quartermaster's Department
proper from seven millions five hundred thousand
dollars to five, millions, and the estimate of arrear-
age for clothing, camp and garrison equipage, from
nine hundred and sixty thousand to six hundred
thousand dollars—making: a reduction in the last
item of three hundred and sixty thousand dollars,
and in the former of two millions five hundred thou-
sand dollars, being m both a reduction of two mil-
lions eight hundred and sixty thousand dollars be-
low his first estimate. At the same time, he reduced
the estimate for the Quailenuaster's Department
for the next fiscal year from nineteen millions two
hundred and ninety-one thousand two hundred dol-
lars, as first estimated, to fourteen millions two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars—being a reduc-
tion on next year's original estimate of five mil-
lions forty-one thousand two hundred dollars; and
a reduction in the original estimate for the arrear-
ages of this and for the service of next year of
seven millions nine hundred and one thousand
two hundred dollars. In submitting these reduc-
tions, the Quartermaster General writes to the
Secretary of War that his first estimates " were
i made out from data derived from the expeiience
' of the last year," and he also says, il Whether
' those reductions be judicious time must deter-
4 mine. I would not have ventured to make them
' but for the fact that two sessions of Congress
' ' will have terminated before the expiration of
: ' the fiscal year for which the estimates now sub-
I ' rnitted have been made." Now this looks di-
i reetly to large deficiencies again next year, which
' will go to swell the loan that will then be re-
| quired. By direction of the Committee of Ways
i and Means he (Mr. V.) addressed a letter to the
1 Secretary of War to know why the original esti-
mates were cut down, and to ask him for a copy
; of those estimates with the Quai termaster Gener-
al's letter to him accompanying them. On the
24th of January, the Secretary of War furnished
' the committee with a copy of the original estimates,
and a copy of the Quartermaster General's letter.
The Secretary also transmitted to the committee a
report to him from the Quartermaster General of
the 18th of January last, to whom the Secretary
had referred the committee's letter of inquiry. In
that report, the Quartermaster General says to the
Secretary st that the estimate for the service of the
{ year was reduced in consequence of the informa-
i tion which you communicated to me a  to the pol-
{ icy intended to be adhered to by the Executive,
i 'and from having ascertained, between the 4th and
: ' 25th of November, that the expenses of supporting
f the troops in the interior of Mexico were not so
! { great as I had estimated them.'' He concludes
: this report in a manner so guarded as to show that
i he had no confidence in being able to carry Qut
' thesereductions. He says, in conclusion, "should
! ' there be no heavy losses of property, and m ex-
: £ traordinary operations undertaken during the year,
| ' and the troops be not increased, 1 think the sums
I 4 asked for will be sufficient; but the most ri^id
! ' economy will be required to make them do.*' It
! is very improbable that none of these contingen-
cies will occur in the course of the next eighteen
' months, if the war continue; and it is almost cer-
tain that all of them will happen. We may there-
fore put it down  s settled that these reductions
will all be called for. And m proof of it, on the
i; 3d of the present month, only ten days after his
!, letter to the Committee of Ways and Means, the
Ij Secretary of War writes to the committee that a
J, contingency had happened which made it neces-
j, sary to have an additional ^360.000 for the Cloth-
1; mg Department, which brings back the arrearage
for clothing from the reduced sum of six hundred
thousand to nine hundred and sixty thousand dol-
! lars, at which the Quartermaster General had ori-
'! ginally estimated it.
j' If we would make safe provision for the present
'■ fiscal year, we shall restore the two millions eight
