816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8.
such bills, without raising this primary question >}
of constitutional power. These reasons may be ■
found, in part, in the circumstances which we find t!
our country placed at this time; in the past legis- j;
la five course pursued by Congress towards certain j i
cities; and in the injustice towards many millions \
of people, of which these bills would be the occa- j
sion, should they be passed into laws. j
And, first, let us look at the circumstances by ;
which we are surrounded. j
The Secretary of the Treasury officially informs |
us that the estimated receipts into the treasury j
during the coming year may be stated at §35,100,- j
000. Gentlemen upon the other side of the Hall j
think this estimate a large one—so do I; but still i
it is the official one, and it was made out with j
great care, and after a very deliberate survey of >
the sources of revenue. The Secretary also tells j
us that our expenses during this year will be i
$15,730,000 greater than our income; and during j
the next year, our expenses will be $20,500,000 j
greater than our income. i
The present fiscal year ends on the 30th of June (
next; and on that day, notwithstanding the large
loan* made during the past few months, the defi- ;
cicncy in the treasury will, it is estimated by the ■
Secretary, be $15,730,000. Many gentlemen, it i
may not be improper to remark, estimate the defi- j
ciency a^a far larger sum. ;
Money to that large amount must be obtained ;
by Congress, and placed in the treasury prior to
the 30th of June, to prevent the national credit ;
from being dishonored. How shall this large sum i
be obtained? By borrowing, or by taxation, or by ;
a resort to both means? j
Borrowing creates a debt, to be paid off from i
the avails of subsequent taxation. It is a draft j
upon the future for the benefit of the present; and, |
if resorted to with an intent to shift the burdens
legitimately belonging to the present generation
upon the-shoulders of a succeeding one, it is an
unwarranted draft upon the treasury of a descrip-
tion by no means reputable. Present necessity
often prompts governments to an acceptance of
bankers5 " days of grace," but does not justify an
avoidance of the debt. A just debt may not, with
honor, he denied, or avoided; but provision for |
its liquidation must be provided by him who ob- |
tains the just and the full consideiation. But, '
besides that, it is honest for us to pay our own ;
debts, instead of bequeathing them as an unwel- j
come legacy to our children. The creation and
issuance of large amounts of evidences of national i
indebtedness must inevitably affect the values of 1
similar paper-credits put forth by the severalStates, s
and by cities, corporations, and individuals. The ;
amounts thus issued, and thus in danger of being j
injured, by our uttering paper to enter into compe- j
tition for the money of the capitalists, are very
large and very important. The bonds of the States !
call for, it is supposed, near $180,000,000; the
bonds of cities, of counties, and of villages, rep-
resent at least an equal sum; the bonds of railroads
and canals, of turnpikes and bridges, probably
equal $200,000,000; and the bonds and other evi-
dences of debt (other than those circulating as
money) uttered by the banks, by manufacturing,
mercantile, mechanical, and other legal corpoia- ;
tions, probably exceed the last-named sum. The i
amount of bonds, notes, and other evidences of;
debt, issued by private individuals throughout ;
our widely-extended country, of coursc cannot I
be known. It is difficult to form a rational con- I
jecture as to the amount. We only know that |
the gross sum must, from the adventurous char- '
acter of our people, be prodigious. I have seen the \
assessed value of the real and personal property of ;
the United States stated at four thousand millions of \
dollars. If thisstatementiscoirect, (and I know not 1
what, ifany, reliance is to beplacedupon it,) thureal
value of the real and personal property owned by
the individuals composing our nation is three times
greater, at the least; for we all know how low prop-
erty is estimated, and how large a proportion es-
capes assessment altogether. It is also stated that
the daily payments at the counters of banks,
insurance and trust companies, and brokers, in
the city of New-York, equal about $4,000,000.
Reasoning from these items, it would seem safe to
assume that the various evidences of debt, in all
forms, uttered by individuals, will amount to one
thousand millions of dollars. This, including !
those issued by the nation, States, cities, counties, j
"villages, i*ailroads, canals, banks, other corpora- <
tions, and individuals, would form an aggregate of
evidences of indebtedness of two thousand mil-
lions of dollars, to represent twelve thousand mil-
lions of dollars of property. With such an amount
of obligations to be affected by our action here for
good or for evil, can we be too cautious in our
financial movements ? If, by unnecessarily throw-
ing large loans into the money market, and ab-
stracting therefrom, at high rates, and at short no-
tice, large sums, we produce a stringent action,
that increases the rates of interest, lessens the
worth of produce and of real estate, and of paper
based upon them, and occasions the sale of evi-
dences of debt in general at losing rates, are we
not justly, and in verity, responsible to our fellow-
countrymen for this depreciation of their proper-
ty? But it may be said, increased taxation will
also distress individuals and corporations, and
lessen the values of their property. This is fully
admitted. It will certainly do so. Perhaps no
i more curious inquiry could be started than what
I would be the amount of the increased value of the
j various properties possessed by the people of Eng-
land, if every species of taxation were totally ab-
\ rogated. Taxation is not only an evil, but it is a
' great and a constantly increasing evil in this coun-
( try. But is it not better to pay at least a part of
i the extra expenses we are now incurring, by call-
. ing upon all of the people to contribute their pro
1 rata share than to create a national debt of a cum-
; brous character? and especially if that debt has
; to be created suddenly, and at the risk of disturb-
] ing the business relations, and of lessening the
value of the property of the whole country?
i We are m the midst of a war, from which I am
j convinced the Representatives of the American
i people will never consent to be ingloriously extri-
| cated. We have offered peace to Mexico so often,
j that they have come to the conclusion that peace
i would be the greatest boon they have it in their
| power to bestow upon us. Now, unfortunately,
, they are not in a hvmor to gratify us; our gallant
|[armies having inspired them with more respect
! than love, more admiration than gratitude. What,
| then, remains for us to do, consistent alike with
i the honor of our country, and the domestic inter-
{ ests of our people? Is it not, clearly, to vote
j appropriations, which, if judiciously applied, will
' be most likely to ensure us that peace which Mex-
i ico would fain withhold? And in obtaining the
means to meet such suitable appropriations, ought
; we not to draw as small a share fiom the money
market, and as large a share from the property of
| the country, by taxes equally diffused, (and thus
I create as small a national debt,) aw a due regard to
; the interests and the wishes of the people seem to
: demand? Neither side of this Hall advocates an
i inglorious withdrawal of our forces from Mexico—
| neither side advocates the accumulation of a large
j debt. Gentlemen of the Opposition—if I correctly
understand their position—are willing to raise a
larger revenue, and thus lessen the amount of debt
which will otherwise be rolled up, if we will adopt
their methods of increasing the taxes. Such being
the state of things, I do not despair of seeing some
measure adopted that will enable the Adnnnistra-
j tion to push this war vigorously forward to an
j early and a glorious conclusion, by means so
! wisely obtained as to leave the commerce and
business of our beloved country nearly unaffected
[ by the demands for such large sums of money.
! For these noble ends I esteem it our duty diligently
I to labor: and, for one, I shall, with a single eye,
; so labor as long as a single effort, however humble,
; may in any degree bid fair to be useful.
; Under these circumstances, when thus engaged
1 in a foreign war which calls for money in sums so
j large as not only to threaten to entail upon us a per-
j manent national debt, but to visit us with present
. financial calamities, by reason of the difficulty of
■ sparing from business circles such large sums of
1 money, it is gravely proposed—and bills to that
| effect have already been introduced, under the ira-
| posing auspices of one of the most important stand-
! ing committees of this House—to revive, formally
! to renew, a system of internal improvements by
] the General Government! A Congressional system,
j I ought to say; for it is now well known that the
^ executive branch of the Government will in no way
I sanction it; and if it obtains, it can do so only by
! a two thirds vote. It must, therefore, be wholly
i and exclusively a Congressional scheme or sys-
i tern.
I To this plan of adopting a system of internal
improvements upon the sole authority of Con-
gress, without an express constitutional right to
do so, and in time of war—at a time when there
is an actual deficiency in the treasury of fifteen and
a half millions of dollars, and a prospective defi-
ciency of twenty millions more—ata time when
we have just relaxed our commercial system, and
entered into a freer and more vigorous competition
with our commercial and manufacturing rivals—
and at a time when the monetary circles of Eng-
land are tottering and shaken to their centres, and
when our own are seriously threatened—I say, toa
system thus proposed, and at such a timey I hope I
need only oppose the manifest interests of our
country. No plan could more seriously compro-
mise them; for it proposes to precipitate upon an
exhausted treasury a closely-bound bundle of local
interests, and to force the treasury upon an already
overburdened money maiket, in order to gratify
those insatiable local interests. Of the five thou-
sand towns and villages situated upon navigable
waters, probably not forty can be gratified with an
appropriation to improve their harbors, under the
wildest scheme that two-thirds of the members of
Congress can be persuaded to pass during this ses-
sion. And shall the whole of the business and
commercial interests of this great nation be placed
in jeopardy, that forty out of the thousands of
towns and villages in this country shall be enabled
to boast of having obtained appropriations from
Congress; and that, too, ata time when the nation
is at war, a debt rapidly accumulating, and the
treasury overtaxed by more than $15,000,000 ?
Sir, constitutional arguments need not be raised;
for the interests of the people of every State seem to
be endangered even by the mere introduction of such
bills into Congress, under circumstances calculated
to induce a belief that they may be enacted into
laws. It is not difficult for the most ordinary busi-
ness man to see, that if large sums of money are
to be withdrawn from business, to carry on a gen-
eral system of internal improvements, as well as
to wage a war with Mexico, general financial em-
barrassment must inevitably ensue. The money
market cannot supply such extraordinary demands
upon it, without producing derangements of the
most extraordinary character. In the commercial
distress that would ensue in consequence of enor-
mous appropriations, who will say that persons
holding evidences of debt would not be damaged
more than one per cent.? And yet one per cent,
upon two thousand millions of dollars is no less a
sum than twenty millions! Surely, we cannot too
seriously consider, and may not lightly regard, the
magnitude of the injury which even so slight a de-
pression in the value of property produces. When
considered with reference to all of the interests of
this great country, what excuse, what apology can
be devised for voting to enter upon sucn a system,
under circumstances so remarkable? Can any
one charge that I over-estimate the importance and
value of the pecuniary interests of the people of
this country? Let such candidly compare these
interests with the rival ones m England. We learn,
from the December number of Blackwood, (1847,)
that "the value of the personal property in Eng-
land was—
In 1815 ^1,200,000,000
In 384]  2,000,000,000
In 1847, about   2,400,000,000"
Or (in 1847) about the round sum of twelve thou-
sand millions of dollars, ($12,000,000,000.) The
value of real and of mixed property is not stated,
but " the net rental of England alone was—
In 1815 =£51,898,423
In 1841  62,540,030
In 1847  65,000,000"
Or (in 1847) about ^325,000,000 per annum. The
annual taxes for aseries of yew s have been m Eng-
land as high as ^335,000,000, and at this tune
amount to two hundred and fifty millions of dol-
lars per annum ! When we look at the agricul-
tural and mechanical productions of the United
States, at its manufactures and its commerce, and
compare them with those of England, it is easy to
be seen that, in stating the entire value of all prop-
erty in this country at twelve thousand millions of
dollars, (the estimated value of only the personal
property of England,) I have all the warrants of
analogy and of calculable probabilities in supposing
that my estimate js far below the reality.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is confidently asseued
that the late commcrcial panic in England has,
within a few months, depreciated real and personal
