THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY.OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1848.
New Series........No. 21.
charge made against them of improperly throwing
obstacles in the way of the prosecution of the war.
He asserted that the sense of the country—of Con-
gress—of members of the Senate, on both sides of
the Chamber, was against the prosecution of the
war for the purpose of conquest. On the other hand,
if the President would carry on the war for the
object originally declared—the speedy termination
of the contest—there would be no opposition. But
the war has gone on, step by step, until the Gov-
ernment is chained to it, and the. original object
is lost sight of. We are now told, that we are to
throw ourselves into the hands of a blind destiny,
which is to conduct us whither it may.
He would show that this bill was not necessary
for the relief of the army; that it was not neces-
sary to carry out the object for which it was com-
menced—the prosecution of the war for the obtain-
ment of a speedy peace; that to authorize this
new supply of troops, would be to enter on a new
war; and that the tendency of all was, the entire
annihilation of Mexico.
Even a war unconstitutionally commenced by
the President had its claims on Congress. It may
be a war of the President's malting, but it was
productive of injury to the country, and therefore
called for the action of Congress. He went on to
show that the passage of this bill was not neces-
sary for the relief of our army. The number of
our troops in Mexico at this time, he held to be
sufficient to hold all the strong places in the coun-
try. And beyond ^this, the President possessed
an unexecuted authority to raise twenty thousand
men. Yet while he held this authority, this bill
was introduced and urged in the Senate with un-
usual peitmacity, without allowing time for proper
deliberation. All the glorious victories in the war
had been won by numbers bearing no proportion
to the strength of the enemy. Yet an immense
territory had been traversed, every strong fortress
subdued, opposing armies conquered, and popu-
lous cities occupied by an army not exceeding fif-
teen thousand men. And we are now told that to
hold our conquests, an addition of forty thousand
or fifty thousand men is necessary. Mexico has
been lacerated, pierced in every limb, and stricken
in heart; and now we talk of a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war. This resembled the courage of
Falstaff; it was sending our troops to come in, not
at, hut after the dentil.
Ho quoted from the President's message to show
how completely our arms had triumphed at every
step during the war.
't'he force asked is not necessary to obtain all or
any of the objects avowed by the President for
the prosecution of the war—to repel invasion, to
avenge the blood of our citizens, and to restore
peace. We had succeeded in driving back Mex-
ico in a manner whidi will prevent her from
again invading us. We had sufficiently avenged
the American blood shed, in the victories we have
obtained. The overthrow of Paredes had been
accomplished. Indemnity for the past the Presi-
dent had already obtained; for he had stated that
the cession of California and New Mexico would
be deemed sufficient not only for indemnity, but to
warrant the payment of fifteen millions from our
treasury. We have obtained the territory speci-
fied, and hold it, never to he given up, us we
have already established a territorial government
there. The President may say he desires Mexico
to acknowledge our right to this territory by a
treaty of peace. To this it may be answered, that
we have it already, and it is never to be given
up; and if it is demanded that we pay fifteen
millions for a peace to establish our title, he was
not willing to go into a war for any sucli ob-
ject.
What is the security for the future that we ask?
Is it to keep the peace? Is it that Mexico will not
permit any foreign interference? What security
can she give against such a contingency?—unless,
indeed, it be, what has been darkly foreshadowed,
that we take possession of the whole of Mexico.
A giant, sciatched by a pin in the hands of a
child, might as well demand that the child be
bound over to keep the peace, as a security against
21
its recurrence. Every object had-been obtained,
except conquering a peace.
It has been usually considered that when all the
legal objects of a war have been accomplished,
peace follows as a matter of course. We have
obtained the objects for which the war was com-
menced, and to prosecute the war any longer is to
commence a new war. In this case, war becomes
the master of peace. Mexico is powerless, and
we ourselves can alone make peace.
What is the plan of the President to conquer
peace? He has told us that we have hitherto be-
haved with liberality towards Mexico, but that
she has misunderstood us, and we must now
change our policy, strike at her vitals, and make
her feel the miseries of war—in other words, strike
at her social fabric, seize private property, go from
town to town—as the chairman of the Military
Committee said, from Steeple to steeple.
Mr. CASS. Never—never. I never used such
language.
Mr. MILLER. I must have misunderstood.
Mr. M. then read from the President's message,
to show the reasons assigned by him for changing
the character of the war. In the attempt to regen-
erate Mexico by enforcing taxation and inflicting
misery on her, suppose we fail in obtaining indem-
nity. Then the President tells us we must take
indemnity in our own hands: we must place our
foot on the ruins of a sister Republic, and seize
whatever comes within our ^rasp.
As to the annihilation of all Mcxico, this object
had been avowed by some. Monstrous as was
the idea of swallowing ail Mexico, it had been
thought of by the President.
Mr. CASS explained, that he had never advo-
cated the annihilation of all Mexico. He had said
that if we were to obtain Mexico by absorption
through the pores, or by swallowing through the
throat—deglutition—it would not destroy us. He
admitted it would be injurious; but if the obsti-
nacy of the Mexican people should lead to that
result, he had enough confidence in the intelligence
of the American people to be assured it would not
destroy us.
Mr. MILLER resumed, by pointing out the
hold which the idea of annexation was taking of
the public mind, and the danger of giving counte-
nance to it here. It had been asserted by another
Senator that we had a divine right to take posses-
sion of Mexico; and he had appealed to the Is-
raelites' taking possession of Canaan. The cases
were not parallel. The Israelites went from a
land of bondage to the homes of their fathers.
We go from a land of freedom to one of bond~
age."
He would not vote n dollar or a man for the
conquest of Mexico, the tendency of which would
be to break down 'all free institutions. To give
these troops would be to begin a new war with a
new object. We could not hereafter plead our
ignorance of the objects for which they are asked,
after the avowals which have been made; and we
could no longerremonstrate against the prosecution
of the war on these grounds. It was duo to us that
we should make known the objects of the war.
Our fathers did this at the commencement of the
war of the Revolution, and we ought to follow
their example. Instead of this, we have adopted
a series of catch words, which are to stand in the
place of a declaration of war. Let the people be
enlightened as to the true objects of the war, and
then let them say if they will expend their blood
and treasure in the pursuit of them.
Whatever intentions honorable Senators on the
other side may have, the tendency of the war is to
the annihilation of Mexico. This war has now
become a war of conquest. Our power pervades
all the territory, and controls all the movements
and institutions of the Mexicans. The Govern-
ment is dead—the subject is before us-j-not to
invoke the upright steel of the soldier, but a sub-
ject for dissection. Let the army stand back,
and let the President come forward and commence
his dissection. There is no reason for apprehen-
sion. The corpse cannot hurt you. Take any limb
you may desire, as New Mexico and California
have been already cut off. The war, if continued,
must end in the conquest of all Mexico. The
chairman of the Military Committee says he is
opposed to this result; so says the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations; so says the
President; yet such is the inevitable tendency of
the prolongation of the war.
Peace, too, he maintained, was in our power.
But it appeared we could not agree among our-
selves as to what we should ask. One desires all
Mexico, one will take but a part, and one will
have no territory at all. More troops are not
necessary to make peace, and to give more would
be to sanction the continuance of the war for the
purpose of conquering all Mexico. As to foreign
interference, he saw no danger of such a result,
unless by our own course we provoke it.
The President avowed his intention to strike
the vitals of Mexico. He did not intend the heart,
the country; but it is now clear that he means the
mines. We are to send our forces into the bowels
of the earth to dig out the sordid ore. It is a task
which will not commend itself to our veterans.
Well may Q.uitman and Shields and the gallant
chieftain Taylor desire leave of absence from such
duty. We want no generals and colonels to con-
vert into tax collectors. There are no castles to
be subdued but that which every man has over his
own head. There are no more battles to be won.
If to this source we mean to look for our indem-
nity, let it be collected by other hands. It would
be more manly to say at once, that we desire to
prosecute the war for the conquest of all Mexico
than to carry on a disguised warfare.
Mr. JEFFERSON \DAVIS explained, tha\ he
never could have been supposed to say that our
gallant soldiers ought to be employed in working
the mines. He made some further observations
concerning the moderation which marked what
had been called progressive Democracy, to show-
that the fathers of our country had more grasping
views than the present Administration.
Mr. MILLER said it would appear thalf this
reference was made to justify the annexation of all
Mexico.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS hoped not. He
was opposed to the annexation of all Mexico. He
referred to letters from the Rio Grande, which
spoke of danger which threatened our troops in
! thai quarter.
1 Mi, MILLER asked the Senator if he believed
theio wa.s any danger ?
Mr. DAVIS said there might be; and lie thought
there was.
Mr. MILLER said that the President, in that
case, was to blame, as he had power to call out
12,000 troops more than he had m the service,
Mr. DAVIS. That is only to fill up regiments.
He cannot get the recruits.
Mr. MIIiLER said, that in every view of the
subject, an honorable and a speedy peace was now
in our power. We had vindicated every national
right. We have no right to exact from Mexico
what she has no power to give. We said we de-
sired California and New Mexico; if she is willing
to give us that territory, will it be said, that after
the unbroken scries of victories we hav£won, it
would be a dishonorable conclusion of the war to
accept such a peace ? He denied that any disgrace
could result from the exercise of clemency by the
conquerors.
What prevents peace ? Nothing but this cry of
"manifest destiny"—the spread of the Anglo-
Saxon race—the glory of extending our territory
from sea to sea. It is probable that the Anglo-
Saxon race will eventually people all this conti-
nent; but he would discourage the outcry which
in the midst of a war would hurry us on to the
immolation of a sister Republic. He denied that
public opinion was hurrying on these results. He
adverted to the delusive no'tions which had been
circulated to win the ear of the people. It was a
temptation, in the form of the Spirit of evil, ^vhich
whispered " All these, if you will worship the god
Conquest, I will give you !"
He stated, in his conclusion, that moderation in
ourcouncils and our course would be more glorious
