322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
than any laurels which we may win in a prolonga-
tion of the war.
Mr. UNDERWOOD obtained the floor, and
signified his intention to address the Senate upon
the bill to-morrow; but subsequently yielded it to
Mr. NILES, with an informal understanding that
he should be allowed to follow the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. CASS intimated his intention of proposing
to-morrow, and he hoped it would be agreed to,
that the Senate hold evening sessions until the ter-
mination of the debate upon the ten-regiment bill.
Mr. BERRIEN said, he hoped the sugge'stion
of the honorable Senator would not be received
with favor by the Senate. They were engaged in
the discussion of a question of deep interest, as
they believed, to the community. The honorable
Senators on the other side of the Chamber had ;
been heard patiently; they had discussed the sub- '
ject at their leisure. Senators on this side desired !
a like privilege, and they had a right to expect that
no urgency on the part of honorable Senators on 1
the other side would be allowed to deprive them
of that privilege. He was content to sit day after 1
day, and listen to the remarks of Senators, and to
limit his own to a single day; but he prayed not j
to be forced into evening sittings at this period of
the session.
Mr. CASS said he did not intend to press the
question to-day. In regard to what was said by
the honorable Senator from Georgia, he would say
that it was as disagreeable to him as it could be to j
any Senator, to press a proposition of this kind; ;
but there was, in this case, an absolute necessity 1
for speedy action upon the bill. He was desirous I
of submitting some remarks himself, and he was 1
unwilling to inflict any restraint upon other Sena- |
tors, which he would not submit to himself. j
MEXICAN NEGOTIATIONS. j
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, the vote by <
which the resolution submitted by him on yester- ;
day was this day agreed to, was reconsidered.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the res- j
olution— |
Mr. SEVIER moved to amend by inserting be- i
tween the word ii submitted" and the word so," j
the following:
"Ami also anv correspondence which m.ty have taken l!
place between .Mr. T r i -1 and General Scott, or 01 tiler ol !>
those gentlemen, with tne Government ol the United States !1
upon the subject of the proposed treaty or negotiation be- ;
tiveen the United ridV-, and 3feAKO, at the t.ine 01' tile ar- 1
rival of Mr Tr:-t m :-k (,r subsequently, or upon tile i
subject ot the propo-ui 5 made to Mr. Tnst ny tile eoinims-
sioners of Mexico." |
The amendment was agreed to, and the rtysolu- '
Uon, as amended, was then agreed to. !j
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 9, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill to pro-
mote the filling up of vacancies in the volunteer
corps now in the service of the United States, re-
ported the same without amendment. Read and
committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been inferred Senate bill to provide additional
quarters near New Orleans for United States sol-
diers and volunteers returning from or goin°- to the
seat of war in Mexico, reported the same Slchout
amendment.
Mr. BOTTS moved that the bill be now nut
upon its passage. 1
The question was put, and agreed to; and the
bill was then read a third time, passed, and returned
to the Senate.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
A flairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Antonio Pacheco. Read Sid
committed.
v. t^fc fr°m same committee, in
behalf of the minority, made a report adverse to
the petition of the legal representatives of Antonio
Pacheco. Laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DICKEY moved that five thousand extra
sopiss of the majority and minority reports on the ,
petition of the legal representatives of Antonio
Pacheco be printed' for the use of the House.
Mr. BOYD, from the same committee, to which !
was referred the bill to amend an act entitled "An j
act to raise, for a limited time, an additional milita-
ry force, and for other purposes,"approved Febru- I
ary II, 1847, reported the same back to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. BOYD moved that it be laid on the table.
Agreed to.
i Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
I Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the reliefof Purser 1
j Joseph Bryan. Read and committed,
j Mr. CABELL, from the same committee, re- :
I ported a bill for the reliefof John W. Simonton
I and others. Read and committed.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, report-
i ed a bill for the relief of the widow and heirs-at-
law of Silas Duncan, deceased, late of the United
States navy; and a joint resolution for the relief 1
> of William Speiden, purser United States navy; i
: which were lead and committed.
i Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Teiritoiies, repoited a bill to establish the ter- !
ritorial government of Oregon. Read, committed, 1
and made the special outer for Monday, the 14th 1
o f March.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the '
petitions of Lucy Johnson, John Young, Samuel i
Pool, Caroline W. Cone, John Murcheson, Anna !
Hamilton, and Charlotte McCain. Laid on the
table.
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE, from the same j
committee, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Samuel Gregory. Laid on the table. I
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, made ,
adverse reports on the petitions of the heirs of j
Prudent la Jeunesse, Jacob Olmger, and Bathsheba
McDaniel. Laid on the table. I
Mr. CUMMINS, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Sarah
May, widow of John May, and of Francis G. de j
Liessielm. Laid on the table
Mr. HAMMONS, from the same committee, •
made adveise repoits on the petitions of Phcebe !
Brown, Mehitabel Marble, Plnneas Raymond,
and Hugh W\ Dobbin. Laid on the table.
Mr, FULTOjS, from the Committee on Invalid !
Pensions, reported bills for the relief of William !
Blake, for the relief of Jonathan Pitzwater, and |
for the relief of Mrs. Sarah Hildreth ; which bills j
were read and committed.
Mr. W lLliA , from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Pool; a bill
for the relief of Aaron Tucker; and a bill for the I
relief of Samuel Cony; which bills were read and i
committed. * i
Mr. "V ENABLE, from the same committee, 1
reported a bill for theielief of the heirs of William i
Evans. Read and committed. '•
Mr. LCKERT, from the same committee, re- i
ported a bill for the relief of W. P. Brady. Read
and committed.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Hervey
Jones. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse
report on the petition of John Morrison. Laid on
the table.
Mr. SMITII, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, made a report to accom-
pany House bill diiecting the mode of settling the
claims of Chailes G. Ridgely. Laid on the table.
Mr. FARRLLLY, from the Committee on
Patents, made an adverse report on the petition of
Stephen Bowerman. Laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, to which was referred Senate
bills to authorize the settlement of the accounts of-
Joseph Nourse, deceased, a biil in addition to an
act for the relief of Walter Loomis and Abel
Gay, approved July 2, 1836, and a bill for the
relief of Edward Bolan, reported the same sever-
ally back to the House without amendment. R.ead
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
providing for the punishment of false swearin°- in
certain cases. Read and committed. °
Also, from the. same committee, an adverse
report on the petition of Lewis Roberts. Laid on
the table. ,
Mr. CROV/ELL, from the same committee, ■
reported a bill for the relief of William T. Hol-
land. Read and committed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of William Stocks,
of Alabama, and James Monroe. Laid on the
table.
Mr. WILMOT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mary B. Renner,
widow of Daniel Renner, and a bill for the relief
of Noah A. Phelps; which bills were read and
committed.
j Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
j made an adverse report on the petition of John
I Martin. Laid on the table.
| Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, reported
j a bill for the relief of Peter Shaffer, and a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Colonel
Francis Vigo; which bills were read and com-
j mitted.
j Mr. D., by leave, presented a joint resolution of
i the Legislature of the State of Indiana, in relation
I to the claim of the heirs of Colonel Francis Vigo,
late a citizen of Knox county, Indiana. Laid on
j the table.
i Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
; Foreign Affairs, made an- adverse report on the
I petition of Horace Sprague. Laid on the table,
j Mr. BOWLIN, by leave, introduced a bill to
! amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the
1 better security of passengers on board of vessels
i propelled in whole or in part by steam," approved
i July 9,1836, and a bill to ascertain and fix the fees
] taxable in favor of the attorney of theUnited States
! for Missouri, for services rendered m the circuit
! court of the United States for the district of Mis-
; souri; which bills were read and referred.
| Mr. HAMPTON, by leave, presented a joint
| resolution of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, rela-
I tive to cheap postage. Referred to the Committee
; on the Post Office and Post Roads.
j THE LOAN BILL.
! On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, the House
' resolved itself into Committee of the Whole oil
1 the state of the Union, (Mr. Botts, of Virginia, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to authorize a loan not to exceed the sum
of $18,500,000.
Mr. FISHER, who was entitled to the floor
from last evening, addressed the committee. There
was a bill now before the committee (he said) au-
thorizing the President of the United States to
borrow some eighteen millions five hundred thou-
sand dollars. It became them all to inquire what
is the cause of this difficulty, and of the Govern-
ment being involved to the extent that renders it
necessary to as,k for a loan of that amount? It
was necessary for the people to know what in-
duced this state of things—whether we are really
just, and whether we have come into our present
condition in an honorable and fair manner, llis
colleague [Mr. Vinton] the other day had shown
clearly that it was the object of the Administration
to conceal all the measuies it contemplated from
the citizens of the United States—to conceal the
real situation and condition of public affairs from
the people, who have the right to know. He [Mr.
V.] had shown clearly that the Administration
over-estimated m the one case,and under-estimated
in the other—over-estimated the income of the
Government, andunder-estimated its expenditures;
and by that means had fallen short by the sum now
asked to defray the expenditures of the present
fiscal year. He must say here in his place (and
he desired to speak candidly on this subject) that
it had been the policy of this Administration, from
the commencement of this war to the nresent time,
to keep the people in ignorance of the true causes
of this war, and of the real condition of this coun-
try as affected by the war.
It certainly was a fact that the present war could
not be justified upon any sound principles of rea-
son or justice; the course we had pursued could
not be justified by a statement of facts or fair
argument: consequently, the President, in his mes-
sages, was driven to the necessity of making state-
ments that were utterly untrue. His advocates,
also, who were diiven to the necessity either of
abandoning the Piesident or supporting him in his
false position—who could not support the course
of the Administration by truth and matter of fact,
were obliged to do it (if it was done at all) by
making statements which were entirely untrue, for
which there was no foundation, and by using argu-
