828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
make a speech upon it, showing its importance and
expediency.
Mr. ATCHISON thought that the bill was in-
deed one of great importance, and that that consid- !
eration furnished an additional reason why a day j
should be fixed for the discussion of it. He thought i
that it proposed a new principle  I
Mr. SEVIER begged his friend from Missouri !
to allow him to make an explanation. It was true
that one of the sections of the bill provided that the
court within its jurisdiction thus created, extend-
ing into the Indian country, should have cognizance
of civil and criminal cases also. It was the object
of the amendment to restrict the jurisdiction of the
court within the limit of the Indian tribes, to such
cases as were made cognizable by our courts by
the intercourse law of 1832, and the modification of
that act in 1834, and the cases specified m the In-
dian treaties.
Mr. ATCHISON was not yet satisfied with re-
spect to the propriety of the object contemplated in
the bill. He therefore insisted on his motion to
make the bill the special order for Monday two
weeks.
Mr. WESTCOTT suggested that the bill should
be recommitted with the amendment. He was op-
army had added greatly to the honor and glory,
and he would add, to the strength of the country.
They kad been obtained without burdening us
thus far, except where the evil has fallen with a
crushing weight on the bleeding hearts of families
made desolate. We talk of exacting the expenses
of the war from Mexico. How arc we to ascer-
tain the expenses? Shall we go to the Register's
office to ascertain the expenses—the value of the
lives already sacrificed—of a Butler, a Ringgold,
a Ridgely, a Ransom, &c ? Shall we go there for
an estimate of the cost which must be incurred by
a further continuance of the war ?
He expressed his regret that all this amount of
sacrifice had been incurred without the obtainment
of any of the objects for which the war was com-
menced. The obstacle must be sought for partly
in the character of the Mexicans themselves, and
partly in the tone of public sentiment here. He
adverted to the distractions which lacerated Mex-
ico, which seemed to render it impracticable for
her Government to act. Prejudices had been ex-
cited against us, and the Mexicans believe that we
are prosecuting the war not for the purpose of
conquering peace, but for conquest and subjuga-
, t, tion. This was attributable to the course which
posed to this alteration of bills in the Senate. Let , has been taken by many of both parties. On one
1 f K A flA n I. I  « A t 1 . n T. _         . il -   1 1 ' . 1 11 ^ . 1 .
it be sent back to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SEVIER read the section of the bill which
he proposed to amend, and made some additional
explanation of the object of the amendment.
The bill was then postponed to, and made the
special order of the day for, Monday, the 28th
instant, and the amendment was ordered to be
printed.
PRIVATE BILL.
side it had been alleged that the war was unconsti-
tutional in its commencement, and it is now assert-
ed, that otir talk in favor of peace is insincere and
hypocritical. But it will not do for the friends of
the Administration to make this aground of attack.
It ought to have been foreseen and calculated on
that an opposition would have to be encountered,
and that this would form one of the obstacles to
be met. But he put to Senators who had opposed
The bill for the relief of William Marvin, in ii the war, whether ihey had not carried their oppo-
confirming the title to ajract of land m Florida, h sisition too far?
~ Should Senators on the other side come into
granted by the Spanish Government to Bernardo
Segui, on the 20th December, 1815, was read a
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House have passed bills of the
following titles:
An act to divide the State of Georgia into two
judicial districts, and organizing and establishing
an add'ttonal district court of the United States,
with circuit court powers and jurisdiction;
An act to amend an act entitled "An act in
power, as he apprehended they would, had they
not by their own course rendered it difficult for
themselves to make peace with Mexico, if it should
be devolved on them to put an end to the war? He
wished to relieve them from that embarrassing i
position, by settling the difficulty for them before- I
hand. •
He then took a view of the course taken by some '
who aie members of the Democratic party, m dis- I
cussing whether the absorption of the whole of '
Mexico would have any injurious effect on our '
own institutions. He deprecated this course of j
amendment of the acts respecting the judicial ^": ■ f ,He regretted the reference to manifest
tem of the United States;" " J ' i' deStmy' aml !° °ur Anglo-Saxon Mood, as ,f we
An act to authorize the issuin.
were to tread in the steps of our savage ancestors
j of that race, and spread barbarous ravage round
j us. These ideas were hostile to peace. "
; The Senator from Tennessee assumed that our
! Government did not desire peace, and argued from
j that assumption that such was the sentiment of the
j whole party in this country which sustains the
j Administration. He thought that this was assum-
1 ing too much concerning the President and those
| who brought him into power, although he must
: admit there was some ground for it. He regretted
that the Senator from Tennessee, who once be-
; longed to that party, and whose talents added great
j strength to it, should ever have left it, as his talents
j might have prevented the party from taking a
| wrong course. But if that Senator had gone to
the worship of idols, and turned his back on the
a right to select his own
j course.
! He did not think that the attainment of peace
; was more difficult now than it had been, or that
j there was less disposition on the part of the Prcsi-
! dent and his friends to seek it. He referred to the
; state of parties at the period of our difficulty with
, France, and the conciliatory tone of one p-irt.y—
and that the party now in opposition—which tend-
 0 of a register to
the barque Wilhamet;
An act to change the location of certain light-
houses and buoys;
In which they request the concurrence of the
Senate.
They have also passed the bill of the Senate en-
titled "An act to provide additional quarters near
to New Orleans for United States soldiers and vol-
unteers returned from, or going to, the seat of war
in Mexico."
THE TEX-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. NILES addressed the Senate, and said, this
question, m this crisis of the war—he might say, j true church, he had
this crisis of our country—was one of such crave
importance, that he must be excused for makin°-
some remarks at length on the subject, however
impatient Senators may be to bring the debate to
a conclusion. He regarded it as a question of most
grave importance. He felt himself the more bound
to discuss the subject, because, so far as voting for
thinu^6 hpR•!ec' Plat state ' """ i'any uuw in upposmori—wnicn tena
hilitv whtl', flln 1, 1 / t,portion of the resP°nsi- : ed so essentially to the settlement of the question.
He Wt ? L 1" , *? 6?8 meas,ures- . ;i While he separated Thomas Jefferson from his
J. , ! ? .e, $ °". 0 s've suggestions friends on this occasion, he asserted that there was
in the latter a dangerous proneness to violent meas-
ures. His policy in endeavoring to avoid the last
extremity, by resorting to every step short of it, ;
raised up a clamorous outcry against him. He
then read a number of extracts which he had made
from the opinions and maxims of some of the great
men who had been regarded as the fathers of the '
two parties. ;
He then went into a view of the policy—the
as to the best mode of extricating ourselves from
the novel and perilous position in which we now
stand in relation to Mexico. The war had not
scathed our borders—our citizens had not been
burdened; but how king this exemption should
continue was uncertain. He believed that the
time must come when we shall be required to take
the burden of taxation on ourselves instead of
casting it on posterity. The war is beginnin
to be felt in the commercial and financial classes" i! only practical policy—to be pursued in regard to
and it must soon and heavilv fall on thR industrial !• Mexico.^ Whatever difference may exist as to
the origin and progress of the war, he thought ■
: must soon and heavily fall on the industrial
pursuits of the country. The achievements of our
that hitherto we stand well. He called on gentle-
men on both sides to cast aside the filthy garments
of party, and come to the rescue of their common
country from the perils which threaten her. He
briefly commented on all the various planB which
had been suggested. The proposition of a military
line to the Sierra Madre, he would not look at in
a military view, in leference to the conduct of a
campaign. But he reminded Senators that this
line embraced two-thirds of all the Mexican terri-
tory, and to adopt it would be tantamount to an
entire dismemberment of Mexico. • He was equally
opposed to the plan of a permanent occupation of
what we now occupy. He desired to bring- the
war to a close. He thought this may be done.
The war had accomplished its mission, and was
now at an end. Although Mexico is in a state of
distraction, she is not now in a state of war. The
question is, whether we shall adopt a policy of
military occupation, which is the same as the sub-
jugation of all Mexico, or whether the Senate
should take it in hand. He would retain for h
time the posts which we now occupy, until another
attempt has been made to negotiate a peace. He
would vote for this bill, because he desired that
the final effort should be an effective' one. The
last news from Mexico, although it indicates a
disposition for peace, gives evidence, at the same
time, that the general hatred against us is as set-
tled and active as it has been at any time. It is
incumbent on us to make one more effort while
our power is displayed in Mexico. A treaty, he
admitted, might be of little more value than the
parchment; yet it was the most desirable method.
The Senate, as part of the executive, bad a right
to give its opinion on the subject. The present
moment he regarded as particularly auspicious for
such an effort.
Shall we leave the offer to come from Mexico,
or shall we take the matter into our own hands?
It would be no excuse for us, if we do not act, to
say that such was the feeling m Mexico that it was
impossible for us to make a peace. It becomes us
to act, and it is demanded of us by the honor and
interests of our country. He would have Texas
up to the Rio Grande, and indemnity for the claims
of our citizens. "We haveTexas up to that bound-
ary, and we have in our possession ample indem-
nity, in New Mexico and California. We are told
that we must, hold on to this, and it is intended we
shall do so. We are then to continue the war until
we compel Mexico to acknowledge our right to
hold it. He could not see any dishonor which could
be sustained by withdrawing our troops from the
military occupation of the country, now that we
have all, and more than the indemnity we require.
This would efnd hostilities, if it did not end war,
and there could not be much more war if there
were no hostilities. In Isew Mexico, the citizens
of which had some of the old Spanish blood in
their veins, there is great hatred against us, which
is kept alive by our prosecution of the war. He
thought the withdrawal of our troops, and merely
occupying the territory held for indemnity, would
enable us to reduce our troops to fifteen thousand
men, and he would be ready so to reduce it to-
morrow, if his plan should be adopted.
The President's view was similar to that now
suggested—the o'nly difference between them was
a question of time.
There could be no longer any war with a real
force in Mexico. They talk of raising twenty
thousand men, but he believed such a force would
only be found to exist on paper. The only war
we could now wage would be a war on the peo-
ple. It did not become our country to war with
non-combatants. He would not make war on the
women, of whom one of our citizens says, they
are rosy-cheeked and beautiful, and had he not
been a married man. he would have annexed him-
self to a Mexican. We ought not to make war on
the people. He referred to the fatal step taken by
Napoleon in making war with Spain, it was the
first step to his fall. He asked the chairman of
the Military Committee if he desired to make an In-
dia in Mexico, and to send some Warren Hastings
there, whose financial abilities would be only sec-
ond to his rapacity. The necessary result of this
policy must be the annihilation of the nationality
of Mexi co. .
He then went briefly into the question of an-
nexation, and denounced those who advocated it.
Our country was not the territory we occupy; that
belongs to Him who created it, and who has
