1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
placed us on it. But our country is our people,
with their free institutions, and moral greatness^
and system of education, and religious feeling.
It is of these we ought to be proud. To annex
Mexico would produce violent death. Our polit-
ical system derives all its strength from the State
governments; and could we pretend that out of
Mexico we could create States fit for the purposes
of self-government? The idea was preposterous.
He reminded his friend, the Senator from Arkan-
sas, that the Indians in Mexico were citizens, and
could not be treated as we treated our own Indians.
There would be no way but to follow the example
of Old Spain, and send a viceroy, and this we
could not do.
What law could we establish there? Should
it be Spanish law ? or must we translate our own
laws? The same evils would be perpetrated as
were perpetrated in India. The British sent out
there judges, without making any laws; and when
a second Jefferies was sent there, and introduced
the English law, the oppression became greater
than before they had any law. And what, could
we do with our laws in Mexico? Had they etfer
heard of habeas corpus or hail prise? They would
consider the introduction of our law among them
as an intoleiable oppression. He alluded to the
advantages, in point of civilization, which barba-
rous nations had obtained from amalgamation
with enlightened nations which they had subdued.
But he had never heard of any benefits which had
resulted to civilized nations from overrunning an
ignorant nation.
He asked if we were expected to sustain a mili-
tary force in Mexico, with all the expense and
all the consequences, for the purpose of preventing
the interference of European nations—of keeping
out a monarchy? lie thought it probable that a
monarchy was the best system for Mexico, most
suited to her habits and interests; and we ought
not to take steps to prevent her Government from
taking that form. It would be a different question
if England were to attempt to colonize her.
He was sorry that the President had introduced
such a phrase in his message, the phrase " indem-
nity for the past and security for the future." It
had a bad birth. It was the phrase adopted by
Pitt when he plunged Great Britain in the war
with France and all continental Europe. And look
at the result, and the only result—the'enormous
national debt, rising above eight hundred millions
sterling, and the oppressive burdens it imposed on
every laborer and artisan throughout the kingdom
of Great Britain.
It seemed that Destiny had decreed that we
should overrun the whole of Mexico. His friend
from New York [Mr. Dickinson] had submitted a
resolution which added "all contiguous territory."
This phrase was broad enough for anything. It
might embrace Panama and onwards to Cape
Horn; and but for the ocean barrier, might take in
the Sandwich Islands, tie was opposed to this.
In separate families, these countries were checks
on each other; and force should never be employed
to disturb thiswise arrangement. Our dominion
cannot be extended by forcc. Would we endeavor
to satisfy a petty ambition by an exertion of mere
physical force? Joel Barlow describes a free gov-
ernment as a substitution of moral for physical
power.
Mr. N. said that he should regard the anni-
hilation of the nationality of Mexico as a great
evil, pregnant with injury to our own institutions.
Instead of strengthening us, it would make us
weaker, as it would destroy the harmonious work-
ing of our system. He had but a short time to be
here, and he felt it to be hia duty to warn the Sen-
ate of the dangers which might be produced by
the adoption of an unwise policy in the manage-
ment of the crisis in which we are now placed.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 10, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, by leave, intro-
duced a hill to create the office of surveyor of the
public lands for the Territory of Oregon, and to
dispose of said public lands, and for other pur-
poses. Read and referred.
Mr. PHELPS, by leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of George W Kidd, and a bill to revive the
act entitled " An act to provide foV the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States," approved
January 18, 1837, and the acts approved October
14, 1842, amendatory of the same; which bills
were read and referred.
On motion of Mr. DONNELLrby leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether any, and, if any, what alteration
or extension of the act of the 29tli September, 1789, entitled
"An act to regulate process in tlie courts of the United
States," i«? necessary, in order to adapt the practice and
proceedings in ihe couits of the United States to the existing
practice arid proceedings in tlie courts of the several States
m which the courts of the United States maybe respectively
held.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, by-
leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriciy of inakms appiopuationa toi
the improvement of the harbor of Havre de Grace, Mary-
land, and that they report by biH or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill regulating
the appointment of clerks in the executive depart-
ments and foV other purposes, which had been
made the special order for this day, was postponed
until this day week.
PEACE MEMORIAL FROM THE QUAKERS.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, by leave, pre-
sented the memorial of the Representatives of the
Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends for New
England, praying for the speedy termination of the
war with Mexico, and moved its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that it be
printed.
The motion was divided, and the memorial was
referred to the Committee on Foiei^n Affairs.
The question recurring on the motion to print—
Mr. KING addressed the House as follows: I
had supposed that a memorial so important, coming
from a people so respectable, would be printed
without a question. This memorial comes from
nine thousand persons residing in six sovereign
States of this Union, persons who, for sobriety,
general intelligence, and private worth, compare
favorably with any other class of citizens; men
warmly attached to the countiy and its free insti-
tutions. They are men who emphatically mind
their own business, who maintain their own poor,
pay taxes for general purposes, and educate their
own children; they are not found a burden on the
community, in almshouses, jails, or penitentiaries:
they "renaerto Cajsar the things that are Ca?sar's,"
ana ask peacefully to enjoy the rights of con-
science and to obey its dictates.
The Friends of New England who present this
memorial,like the other followers of Penn through-
out the Union, have no party or political organi-
zation; they never vox; Congress with petitions
about banks, or tariffs, or land distribution, or sub-
treasuries; it is only on great moral and religious
questions that they come here; it is only when
conscience prompts that their voice is heard in this
Hull, and that solemn voice must not now be sup-
pressed.
The expense of printing this memorial will not
exceed three or four dollars; we every day print
papers of very little impoitance, and some of even
doubtful character. Within the last five minutes
you have ordered the printing of a bill which pro-
vides for paying for horses lost or killed in the
military service of the United States. This was
deemed worth priming; but a memorial so decent,
so respectful, from the Society of Friends, who
consider themselves bound to do to others as they
would that others should do to them—the memorial
of the Friends of nil New England, who feel a ne-
cessity laid on them to bear their testimony faith-
fully against all wars and fightings—a testimony
which their predecessors in religious profession
have uniformly borne through good report and evil
report, and, in former times, through much cruel
suffering, both bodily and mental—must not be
printed on account of establishing a bad precedent.
On the table before you lies a petition, printed in
the Senate, of the officers of the United States army
in Mexico, praying for the passage of a law ma-
king provision for old and disabled officeis. It may
be right, then, to provide for disabled officers; but
it is not right to agitate the question of bringing to
a speedy close the war which makes such provi-
sion necessary. The progress of the war must
not be questioned, though forty battles have
achieved enough for glory; though the blood of
more than twenty-seven thousand slain and wound-
ed Americans,'citizens of the sister republics, has
| drenched the Mexican soil; though scores of thou-
j sands of widows, and orphans,"fend.friends are
mourning for their loved'and lost friends. It may
' be right to vote men and money for the further-
prosecution of this war of invasion, but the refusal
to print this memorial must be considered as the
expression of a determination not to give the ques-
tion of a speedy termination of the war a respect-
ful and decent consideration.
Mr. K. said he hoped he should not be obliged
to ask for the yeas and nays, but that the House
j would permit this memorial from a class of the
people so numerous and worthy, and on a subject
which involves the character, the prosperity, and
the lasting honor and tiue glory of the nation, to
be printed. He hoped that, however much mem-
bers might be suspccted of a want of conscientious-
ness there, they would not manifest a wanton
recklessness and disrespect for a class of men who
abhor all war and fighting; who cherish the belief
that the peacemakers are the children of God, and
whose lives and conduct exemplify and prove tlie
truth of their professions.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, was opposed to the
printing of this document, without reference to its
contents or to the character and respectability of
the memorialists. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was aware that opposition had ever been
made to the printing of any memorial of individual
citizens, however respectable. The utmost extent
to which the House had gone, with some few ex-
ceptions, was to print the memorials and resolu-
tions of our State Legislatures. It was unjust,
invidious, to draw distinctions between citizens of
different portions of the country. If they printed
the memorial of the Friends, they ought to print
the memorials of any other citizens of this countiy
who respectfully petitioned this House for action
on any subject.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. King]
said that these memorialists were good citizens;
that they maintained their own poor, educated
their own children, paid their own taxes, and
obeyed the laws. Every word of this, however
true in regard to them, (and he had no doubt of it,)
was equally true in regard to the citizens he had
the honor to represent; and yet the citizens of the
State of Georgia had on more than one occasion
passed resolutions at their primary meetings, and
nad signed petitions, which, when presented to this
House, were refused to be printed. And not only
so, but the fact was equally true in regard to the
constituents of every gentleman on .this floor. Yet
they did not expend the public money in piinting
these memorials, so unnecessary and uncalled for.
Once open the door, and it would be necessary to
• print all the petitions which were presented, (to
! which he, Mr. C., presumed not a single gentle-
man on this floor would consent,) or discrimina-
tions, invidious discriminations, must be made
between the citizens of the country.
He knew not the character of the memorial; he
had not examined it. He did not object to its
printing on account of its coming from the Society
of Friends; his objections rose on the principle he
had laid down. He trusted the House would not
depart from a custom founded in justice and pro-
priety—that was, to refuse to print memorials
whenever presented, unless they came from the
State Legislatures, or unless there was some pecu-
liar cause for their printing. To this rule, he
knew there had been some exceptions, but he
trusted they would not be repeated. He moved
I to lay the motion to print on the table.
| Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, asked the yeas
' and nays on the motion.
I Mr. HENLEY said he did not like to be obliged
■ to vote upon a question of this sort until 
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Indiana that the motion to lay on the table was
not debatable.
i Mr. HENLEY appealed to the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to withdraw it, to give him
; the opportunity to make some remarks.
I Mr. COBB, in compliance with the request,
| withdiew the motion.
I Mr. HENLEY asked for the reading of the me-
I morial before he proceeded; and it was read, as
! follows:
! To the Senate and Hovse of Representatives of the
; United States of America in Congress assembled:
! The memorial of the Representatives ot the Yearly Meet-
! ing of the Society of Friends for New England, respectfully
i showeth: J . , ,
i That your memorialists regard with deep regret and sor-
