1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
388
from Mexico and sign a peace, giving all we were
willing to ask and she to give?
Mr. M. said that he had thus briefly assigned
some of the reasons against the acquisition of new
territory; and he thought that it was possible, by
a union of good men throughout the country, to
avert this dismemberment of Mexico. Let them
insist on a peacc that should be short of any dis-
memberment of Mexican territory; let them refuse
to sustain any longer a war for conquest; and say
that they were ready to settle upon the terms offer-
ed at the commencement of the struggle.
There was another consideration Which ought to
have commanding weight with all who loved their
country. The moment we should acquire any
new territory at the South, the flames of the old
Missouri question would break forth anew, and
burn more fiercely tihan before. The very moment
such a treaty came into the Senate, the northern
States would at once say that there must be a re-
striction against the admission of slavery. The
South would rise up and say, we never will con-
sent to any such restriction; it is an outrage on our
rights. And thus the new provinces would only
be a thing to quarrel over, but never to enjoy.
Mr, M. said he had admired the firmness of
southern gentlemen on the Oregon question; that
inflexible firmness saved us from a war with
England, which seemed otherwise inevitable. It
compelled the Administration to settle a very
difficult and embarrassing question in a manner
which was now shown to be wise and satisfactory
to all.
It was contended that the passage of the supply
bill, in May, 1846, was a committal of nil who
voted for it to the support of the war. This, to
say the least, was not very ingenuous. The first
bill, as reported, contained no declaration of war,
nor any assertion that war existed by the act of
Mexico; that declaration was foisted in by an
amendment when but two hours of debate remain-
ed, and no Whig was suffered to get the floor to
oppose it; and the bill finally passed under the
previous question.
Nothing at that time was known of the vic-
tories of Taylor at Palo Alto or Resaca; every-
body supposed our army to be in a most perilous
predicament, and that, if not reinforced, it must
ultimately be cut off. War doubtless existed; and
it was our dufy to rescue the little band of brave
men who were in such peril. Could they refuse
this, although the preamble was forced upon them
by an inflexible majority? Most of them thought
not. They saw the snare which had been prepared
for them; they were forced either to seem to sanc-
tion the war, or to encounter popular indignation
by refusing supplies; and they resorted to the only
mode left them of foiling the base stratagem of
their opponents. XVrhaps they Tiad been in error;
perhaps they should have known better the valor
of our noble little army; but, if they erred then,
it would be doubly an error now, after the open
avowal which had been made of the iniquitous
object for which the war was carried on.
There were particular reasons against granting
the new regiments asked by the Executive. The
report from the War Department stated that the
regiments already in Mexico were not filled. The
President should first fill these ranks before he
asked for new ones. But the policy was too ob-
vious to be hid. New regiments opened doors for
new patronage. Loaves and fishes were thus put ;
at the disposal of the Pie3idcnt wherewith to re- !
ward partisans. And if these regiments should be j
raised, did anyone expect that the command of j
them would be given to men of military experience ?
If you wanted to know who were to get the epau-
lettes, only look at the hungry expectants who were
flocking up like cormorants and whooping like
empty-bellied wolves at the heels of power. He
knew there were some most honorable exceptions;
but look at the mass of them who now elbowed
you on the avenues to the War Office. Whisker-
ed coxcombs, microscopic Orlandos, bustling man-
akins, fellows whose very eye seemed to cry out,
" Fee-fau-fum, I smell the blood of a Mexican,
alive or dead, I will have some." [Loud laugh-
ter.] Mr. M. was almost ready to cry with the
prince in the play—
" Mine eyes are out,
With the fierce looks of all these bloody men."
He referred to the gross injustice that had been
done to the bravest officers of the regular army.
Not only had they been treated with studied neg-
lect, but a strenuous effort was made to deprive
them of the credit they had so dearly earned, and
to ascribe to the mere animal courage of volunteers
what was due to the skill and science of the edu-
cated gentlemen of the army. He did not deny
the valor and patriotism of the volunteers. Ameri-
cans had often proved their possession of these
virtues on many a hard-fought field, when annex-
ing Mexico was never heard of.. But what ex-
cited the loud commendations of intelligent military
men of other nations, was the skillful strategical
movements, the scientific combinations, and judi-
cious ordering of the field, which had guided the
valor of the army to such illustrious victories.
This was owing to the military education enjoyed
by the leading officers. But this was decried; and
an effort would, he doubted not, yet be renewed to
prostrate the military school, and make the com-
mands in our army mere rewards of partisan ser-
vices; and the road to military preferment would
be found in political subserviency and a staunch
adherence to party mandates.
Mr. M. was referring to the studied absence of
Executive commendation of the merits of those
who had effected the noblest exploits of valor and
skill, when his hour expired, and he resumed his
seat.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said: I am aware,
Mr. Chairman, that I am to speak under many
disadvantages. The committee have manifestly
grown weary of this discussion; and nothing less
than such a speech as that with which we have
been entertained by the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Maksii] will now interest them. The speech
was beautiful in its conception, and chaste in its
delivery; and though, to my mind, illogical in its
deductions, and erroneous in its conclusions, it
arrested the profound attention of the committee.
If I had selected my own position, I should not
have chosen to follow such a speech, it not being
my purpose to reply to it. The difficulty in ob-
taining the floor has imposed on me the necessity
of speaking when I am permitted, and not when £
desired to do so.
The opinions of my constituents constitute a
part of the grand aggregate of public sentiment in
regard to the Mexican war; and both they and
their representative have a reasonable anxiety
that these opinions may be included when the
general account current with public opinion,comes
to be made up on this subject.
We believe the war to nave been just and con-
stitutional in its commencement; that it has been
vigorously prosecuted thus far, for wise and proper
ends; and that it should be so prosecuted, until
we have the amplest reparation for past wrongs,
and the fullest security that our rights as a nation
are to be respected in future. To this end, we
aie prepaied to vote such number of troops, and
such additional sums of money as, m the judgment
of the commander-in-chief, may be necessary to
attain these objects.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Marsh] has
said that the annexation of Texas was the cause
of the war, and I agree with him. War, he says,
was not the necessary result of annexation, and
again I agree with him. It was no just cause of
complaint with Mexico, that we annexed Texas to
the United States. This, to my mind, is clear; and
yet, if we had not had annexation, we should have
had no war. Mexico may have destroyed our
property, murdered our people, insulted our flag,
and violated her treaty stipulations, as she had
done for many long years, and such is our love of
peace, that we would have borne it all with pa-
tience, and waited for reparation on the tedious
process of negotiation with a nation proverbial for
being slow in making treaties, and swift to violate
them after they are made. But when Mexico came
upon our soil, in all the panoply of war, burning
our houses, plundering and murdering our people
before our face, threatening desolation to the coun-
try, and menacing our little army with a total
overthrow, we be?an at last to think of war. The
old leaven of 1776 began to work—the spirit of
1812, which had been dormant for more than thirty
years, awoke from its slumbers; still we only
thought of war. Mexico threatened, but we looked
j.for peace. Point Isabel had been set on fire, Cross
I was murdered, Thornton and his command were
I captured and borne off in triumph, and yet we had
| no war. A Mexican army threatened to attack
General Taylor in his camp, and yet war lingered
' in the lap of peace. At length, a Mexican general,
at the head of a Mexican army, boldly threw him-
self across the path of our force's, and hurling
defiance in their teeth, disputed their march at the
mouth of the cannon. Two bloody conflicts (in
both of which, Mexico, true to her national in-
stincts, fired the first gun, and made the first retreat)
were the consequences. And after all this, we are
told that toe commenced the war.
The President, it is said, commenced the war
by ordering the army into Mexico, ahd by his
subsequent " unnecessary and unconstitutional"
orders to General Taylor to advance and take a
position on the Rio Grande. Let us examine
these orders, their dates, their contents, and the
circumstances under which they were issued—not'
as partisans, intent on gaining advantage for the
one or the other party, but as patriots, as the rep-
resentatives of a free people, who love justice as
much as they love their country. But before we
do this, let us examine into the history of that
Texas, the annexation of which produced the war,
to the end that we may fully appreciate the justice
of the complaint urged with so much vehemence
and ill blood by Mexico against it. Having ad-
mitted that the annexation (however unjustly
made so) was the cause of the war, I should
fail in doing justice to the President, improperly
charged as lie is, by a vote of this House, with
bringing the country into a state of war " unneces-
sarily and unconstitutionally," if 1 did not note
the precise agency which he had in the transac-
tion. As a private citizen he gave his opinion in
favor of it, as did hundreds of thousands all over
the Union. I shall not pause to inquire how far
his views may have influenced his countrymen, or
to what extent an expression of them influenced
his fellow-citizens, in calling him from private life
to preside over the destinies of this great nation.
The conviction has taken deep root in the public
mind, that the expression of opinions adverse to
those of Mr. Polk defeated the nomination to the
Presidency of one distinguished man before a
convention of his party, and the election of another
by the people. From all of which, I have concluded
that Mr. Polk did not lead, but followed public
sentiment on this subject. The sin of the Presi-
dent is not (if I am right in this) that he led, but
that he followed, his countrymen into a false,posi-
tion, if false it was. The responsibility rests,
therefore,.where I hope responsibility in this coun-
try may always rest oft all questions of vital in-
terest, with the people—the people who demanded
annexation—the people who never did and never
will shirk the responsibility of their own act—the
people who will, if permitted, fight out this war to
a speedy and honorable issue—the people who
will supply all the means, both in men and money,
j aml'in the end, in defiance of opposition here or
i elsewhere, demand and obtain just and honorable
terms of Mexico. They will settle their accounts
in their own way, not only with Mexico, but with
their representatives here, meting out justice to
whom it is due.
Annexation, T have said, was no just cause of
war. [n this I but concur in opinion with the elo-
quent gentleman who preceded me. I am glad,
too, to find myself sustained in this by another of
New England's sons—a man to whom I know
many thousands of his countrymen look for coun-
sel, and on whose accents they hang as upon the
words of inspiration—a man who not only speaks
but thinks for a large number of people, who do
their thinking, as princes sometimes do their woo-
ing, by proxy. Mr. Webster is reported to have
said, in a late speech on this subject: " And I
* go further: I say that, in my judgment, after
! ' the events of 1836 and the battle of San Jacinto,
I ' Mexico had no reason to regard Texas as one of
i ' her provinces. She had no power in Texas; but
' it was entirely at the disposition of those who
' lived in it. They made a Government for them-
' selves. This country acknowledged that Gov-
' ernment, foreign States acknowledged that Gov-
' ernment; and I think, in fairness and honesty,
s we must admit, that in 1840, '41, *42, and '43,
' Texas was an independent State among the
'States of the earth. I do not admit, therefore,
{ that it was any just ground of complaint on the
' part of Mexico that the United States annexed
* Texas to themselves."
Let us now, Mr. Chairman, look to the record,
and see how far it justifies these conclusions.
What was Texas at the period of annexation ? A
sovereign and independent republic. History so
