834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
records her. The nations of the earth had so ac-
knowledged her. She won her independence, as
we won ours, on the battle-field. She maintained
it, as we maintained ours, by the energy, the valor,
the indomitable courage, of her people. We ac-
knowledged her independence, as other nations
had acknowledged ours—as we and others had ac-
knowledged the independence of Mexico herself.
We did not consult Spain when we acknowledged
the independence of Mexico; nor did we think it
necessary to consult Mexico when Texas asked
to be recognized as independent of her lawless
tyranny.
Texas, thus independent, asked admission into
our Union. She presented the sublime spectacle of
an independent republic, asking to blot out her
separate nationality, and to merge her political
existence into that of a sister republic; that the
flag of this Union, with the addition of another
star, might be permitted to float over the people
and the territory of two nations united into one.
The politicians raised their voices against it, but
the people said it should be done, and it was done—
Vox populi.
What Texas was it that was thus annexed to
the United States ? It was that country which we
had acquired from France in 1803—which we
ceded to Spain in 1819—which never did belong of
right to Mexico—which Houston and his brave
compatriots wrested from tyranny and misrule on
• the plains of San Jacinto, and over which they
extended, and continued for eight years to main-
tain, both civil and military jurisdiction. It was
the country lying between the Sabine and the Rio
Grande; and we have the concurrent testimony of
living witnesses, who have come down to us from
another generation, that history is right. Mr.
Clay and John Gtuincy Adams are these wit-
nesses.
It is now said, that Mexico, in fixing the bound-
ary between the departments of Texas and Tam-
aulipas blotted out the old landmarks as recog-
nized in the treaties of 1803 and 1819, and appointed
the Nueces as the dividing line. This may be so,
or it may not. I have tolerable evidence that it is
not. I neither admit nor deny the truth of the
assertion; therefore content myself with saying,
that without stronger evidence than I have yet
seen, I must adhere to a conviction long enter-
tamed, that the Nueces never was the boundary
between Texas and Tamaulipas by any law of
Mexico, properly so considered. Dut this is wholly
immaterial. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stefhe.ys] took the correct view of this subject,
and I am happy to have his concurrence on one
point, and to commend his views to his pp.rty.
Texas, says the gentleman, extended as far west
as the people of that country established and
maintained their authority, and this I shall demon-
strate was to the Rio Grande. The first Texan
Congress that assembled after the battle of San
Jacinto defined the western boundary by the Rio
Grande. When we and other nations acknowl
ed°ed her independence, this was her boundary, as
defined by herself; we acknowledged her jurisdic-
tion over the whole country without restriction or
limitation. Texas laid off counties in the country
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and these
counties were represented when, as a State, she
asked admission into ihe Union. She declares all
her laws, not inconsistent with the annexation
resolutions nor with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to be still in force. Now, was there
anything either in our Constitution or in the reso-
lutions of annexation not perfectly consistent with
this law defining the western boundary of Texas
by the Rio Grande? Nothing, sir. The question
of boundary, by the resolutions, was to be finally
settled, so far as the United States and Mexico
were concerned, by negotiation; and until our Gov-
ernment, by virtue of the power thus reserved
over the question, concluded this negotiation, the
laws of Texas, by the terms of the compact,
remained in force. But further than this, Texas,
by her constitution as a State of this Union, de-
fines the counties of Bexar and San Patricio,
as in senatorial districts. These counties lie, in
whole or in part, between the Rio Grande and
the Nueces. The United States admitted her as a
member of the Confederacy, knowing that she
had fixed her western boundary at the Rio Grande,
and approved her constitution defining the sena-
torial districts I have just mentioned. Not a court
for the transaction of business was held in that
country, save under Texan laws. Texas, then,
established and maintained her civil jurisdiction
over the country. In a military point of view,
how did she stand? Whenever Mexico, by her
predatory invaders, crossed the Rio Grande, she
commenced killing and destroying, showing that
she was among enemies. Surely she would not
thus prey upon her own people; and Texas, when
she drove out the invaders, always pursued them
to the Rio Grande; and she drove them out as
often as they came in. Thus, I think, her mili-
tary authority over the country is made complete.
When the United States admitted Texas into the
Union, it was with a full knowledge that she had
defined her western boundary by the Rio Grande;
that she had maintained that boundary by her
civil and military authority. We acccpted her
constitution, establishing, as it did, a senatorial
district west of the Nueces, and extending to the
Rio Grande. We did more than this, in declaring
Corpus Christi a port for the collection of duties.
We established a post office there, and another at
Point Isabel; we established post routes in the
country. Thus, in every form in which the ques-
tion may be viewed, whether in regard to the
legislation of Texas, or of our own Congress, the
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande
has been recognized as within the limits of Texas.
Congress, in times of peace, has never assumed
the right to collect duties, and to establish post
offices and post roads in Mexico; and by this very
act of legislation, we have proclaimed to the Presi-
dent and to the world, that the jurisdiction of the
United States has been extended to all the country
between these two rivers. Under these circum-
stances, what was the President's manifest duty?
To abandon a country, thus recognized as within
the rightful limits of a member of the Union, and
therefore under the eegis of national protection?—
to give it up to Mexican rapacity, suffer our
custom-house to be burnt, our post offices destroy-
ed, our mail-carriers killed or taken prisoners?—the
houses of our citizens destroyed, and themselves
and families butchered or driven from the country?
Had he done this, his present revilers would, with
justice, have heaped mountains of abuse on him.
The whole country would have risen up against
him, and he would indeed have been buried so
deep beneath the curses of his countrymcn, " that
the arm of resurrection never would have reached
him!"
What, again let me ask, was the President's
manifest duty ? To settle the question of boundary
by negotiation, as the annexation resolutions had
provided; and, unul this was done, to hold peace-
able possession of all the territory within the right-
ful limits of Texas, and, if needs be, to repel any
hostile invasion of it from Mexico or elsewhere.
For a more perfect understanding of the Presi-
dent's course, let us consider the temper in which
Mexico received an intimation Chat Texas was
about to be annexed. As early as 1843, (when
Mr. Webster thinks Mexico had no just claim
on Texas,) her Minister of Foreign Affairs thus
writes to Mr. Thompson, our minister resident in
Mexico:
The Mexican Government will consider equivalent to a
declaration of war against the Mexican Republic the pa-sage
of an art for the jucorpoiation of Texa-> with the United
States; the certainty of the laet being •siifficienUbr the proc-
lamation oJ uar, leaving it to the civilised world to determine
with regard to the ju.-tiee ot the eauseot'the Mexican nation
in a struggle winch it lias been fo far from piovoking.-"
Mexico continued to threaten, and our people
became more resolute on the question of annex-
ation—very properly determining to do what they
had a right to do in "defiance of Mexican threats or
Mexican arms. When the voice of the people
had triumphed over the voice of the politicians, and
when, in obedience to the popular mandate, the
annexation resolutions passed both Houses of Con-
gress, what course did Mexico pursue r Her min-
ister resident here, addressed to Mr. Calhoun, then
Secretary of State of the United States, a formal
protest against this consummation of the will of
our people. From this protest I submit an ex-
tract. After assigning what he is pleased to term
reasons against the annexation, General Almonte
proceeds:
" For these reasons, the undersigned, in compliance with
Ins instructions, finds himself required to protect—as he
doe.-v in fact prote.-t—in the most solemn manner, in the
name of hi^ Government, against tiie law passed on the 28th
of the last month by the general Congress of the United
States, and approved on the first of the presentmonth by the
President of these States, whereby the piovince i>f Texas,
an integrant portion of the Mexican territory, in agreed and
admitted [se consiente y admite] into the American Union.
The undersigned, moreover, protest*, in the name of hid
Government," that the said law can in nowise invalidate the
rights on which Mexico relies to recovei the above-men-
tioned province of Texas, of which she now sees herself
unjustly despoiled; and that she will maintain and uphold
those rights at all times, by every means which may be In
her power."
Now, sir, what have we here? The Mexican
protest against the annexation of Texas—" The
province of Texas, an integral portion of the Mexican
territoryThe bold Mexican scorns to speak of
a divided province or territories in dispute. He
had heard of the " fifty-four-forties," and he be-
came in spirit one of them. He went for the whole
or none. And what was the threat distinctly put
forth in the minister's protest? That Mexico will
uphold her right to Texas at all times, and by every
means iclrich may be in her power. What means are
here alluded to? She had threatened war if Texas
was annexed. The people of the United States
spurned the threat; and after the annexation is
consummated, Mexico says she will use all the
means in her power "to recover the province of
which she sees herself unjustly despoiled." These
means were armies, equipped for action—they
could be nothing elgc. After this petulant ex-
hibition of the Mexican minister, he received his
passports at his own request, and left the country;
and what followed? Every gale that swept from
the south bore upon its winsrs some note of prep-
aration in Mexico toimadeTexas. Herembattled
hosts were congregating from her hills and her
valleys. At every step she uttered war, and not a
breath escaped her that did not carry with it the
taint of her deep and damning hate of our country
and our laws. Look at all this, and answer me, if
the President would not have been grossly derelict
in his duty if he had not been warned ? Would he
not have betrayed the confidence of a generous
people if he had not prepared to meet this ap-
proaching crisis? Nor was the .President left to-
his own conjectures and the warnings which Mex-
ico had given from time to time of her hostile in-
tentions. The Texan Secretary of State appealed
to the United States, through her minister, (Mr.
Donelson,) for protection to his country against
Mexican vengeance,—a modest appeal, sent up by
a young sister not yet in the full bloom of woman-
hood, to be protected against the infernal lusts of
an infuriated monster. Plow should such an ap-
peal have been answered? How was it answered?
By sending our eagles to hover around and protect
the youngState. And who shall say it was wrong h
Where are the men that dare stand up before the
American people, and tell them, that after Texas
was annexed by their order, the President ou^ht
to have given her over to the merciless spoliations
of Mexico? Th^re they sit, sir, on the opposite
side of this Hall; the men who, in full view of
all the facts, have soiled the Journals of this House
with a charge that the President involved us in an
"unnecessary and unconstitutional war"—a war
commenced, as Mexico herself declared, "toie-
cover the province of Texas, of which she saw
herself unjustly despoiled."
Gentlemen, when closely pressed, admit that the
army might rightfully have been sent to Corpus
Christi. How dare they deny it? Congress had
declared it an American port for the collection of
duties, and had otherwise legislated in regard to
it. And where, sir, is Corpus Christi? West
of the Nueces, by a parallel line, several miles,
and in that very territory which gentlemen now
claim as disputed territory. Ameiican Senators
and Representatives have set up for Mexico a
boundary which she never did j until prompted to
it by them, set up for herself. They claim the
Nueces as her boundary, and we for our own coun-
try claim the Rio Grande. Now, you admit that
our armies might rightfully cross the boundary
claimed by you for Mexico, and yet you say that
they could not, " lawfully and constitutionally,"
penetrate as far west as our boundary. Will some
gentleman oblige me by pointing out an inter-
mediate stopping point—some place at which our
army might halt without a violation of the rights
of Mexico or our own " Constitution." Unul
this is done, I must indulge the opinion, that by the
same right that they crossed the line .claimed for
Mexico, they could advance to the boundary
claimed for the United States. There was no in-
termediate stopping point.
Gentlemen claim that the territory between tho
