336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
moros, on a mission of peace; and during the inter-
view, Point Isabel was set on fire. This, says
General Taylor, 44 I considered a decided evidence
of hostility, and was not willing to be trifled with
. any longer." Oar army advanced to a point op-
posite Matamoros, from which General Taylor
wrote, on the 29th of March, that the Mexicans
■were decidedly hostile; and urged, for the first
time, a reinforcement of his command. I beg to
remark on this despatch, that it was addressed to
the Adjutant General at Washington, and called
on him for recruits, when the official documents
show that the General had authority, from the23d
of August, 1845, to make requisitions on the Gov-
ernors of Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi,
Tennessee, and Kentucky, " for such number and
description of troops as he might deem necessary." j!
And I risk nothing in saying, that these States j'
were ready at all times to have responded to such ji
a requisition. Nor can I forbear, in justice to all
parties, to mention, that General Taylor wrote to II
the same officer, on the 16th of February, 1846, ij
ridiculing the idea of a large Mexican force at- |i
tempting to arrest his march, or to invade Texas; U
and says all these accounts are exaggerated: u I jj
* do not believe that our advance to the banks of jj
4 the Rio Grande will be resisted. The army, how- i-
* ever, will go fully prepared for a state of hos- ,
4 tilities, should they be unfortunately provoked
1 by the Mexicans." In justice, too, I must call
attention to the letter of Secretary Marcy, dated :
March 2, directing him to give assurances to Mex- 'i
ico that "it is our settled determination, in every i,
'possible event, to protect private property, to 'j
4 respect personal rights, and to abstain from all j|
* interference in religious matters." This General j|
Taylor did. He was, by the same despatch, re- 'h
minded, "that in case of hostilities, his advance i
4 to the Rio Grande would remove him to a great-
4 er distance from the region from which auxiliary
4 forces could be drawn;" and told u promptly and
4 efficiently to use the authority with which he was
4 clothed—to call |,o his aid such auxiliary forces
'as he might need." Now, I ask,in the name of ii
justice and common honesty, what propriety is j:
there in charging the Administration with sending j
General Taylor to the Rio Grande without sufli- j
cient force5 He says, " the army will go fully pre- I;
pared for a state of hostilities;" but "I do not 1
think our march to the Rio Grande will be op-
posed." The Government tells him to " draw any j
number of auxiliary troops of the description you
may need from the southwestern States; and as '
you are removing to a greater distance from your ;
auxiliaries, be on your guard—prepared to sustain I.
yourself against any assault." |j
I have but one other reference to make to these j>
despatches, and that to the letter of GeneralTaylor, ||
in which he notes for the first time the state of j!
preparation on both sides. Says the General, l!
44 The Mexicans still retain a hostile attitude, and jl
'have thrown up some works evidently intended ij
4 to prevent us from crossing the river. On our V
' side, a battery of four 18-pounders will be "com- ij
'pleted, and the guns placed in battery to-day. jl
4 These guns bear directly upon the public square j;
4 in Matamoros. Their object cannot be mis- i
'taken by the enemy." !;
It has been falsely charged that these guns were :
planted by order of the Government. So far from | •
it, General Taylor was directed to maintain the 'j
defensive, to respect private property, to protect '
personal rights, and to abstain from all interference ■!
with religion. He writes to his Government ex- i:
ultingly, 44 we have planted our battery, it beais
'directly upon the public square in Matamoros, :<
4 (u%d ivilhin good range for demolishing the toion. ■;
4 The object cannt be mistaken by the enemy.'" I do i!
not blame General Taylor for this. Hedidright. ij
No American General would have done otherwise. ^
Grewerd] Taylor is entitled to all the credit for I,
planting that battery. I know he does not thank
^ any man for pretending to shield him from the >
odium of the act. ji
Now, Mr. Chairman, where was this despatch !■
dated? Opposite M.-namoros, in Mexico? No,'
sir. In Tamaulipas? No, sir; but opposite Mata- '•
moms, Texas. General Taylor set out for the ji
frontiers of Texas, and he did not go beyond. He j;
was no Israelitish general leading an army through ij
an unknown wilderness. He knew the country in ::
which he pitched his tent, and he called it Texas.
He so continued to call it m his subsequent de- ''
spatches. i
What, sir, were some of the most thrilling events
connected with the earliest history of this war?
Point Isabel set on fire, and the brave old General,
as he witnesses the conflagration, declares, I will
be trifled with no longer. He plants his guns bear-
ing on Matamoros, and 44 within good range to de-
molish the town," and exultingly say's, 44 their
object cannot be mistaken." The heroic Cross is
murdered in cold blood, and Thorrton and his
command taken prisoners. The affairs at Palo
Alto and Resaca occur; and what, sir, was the effect
produced on the public mind at home by the an-
nouncement of these events? By one common
impulse, the whole nation rose in arms; a feeling
as wide-spread and universal as it was patriotic
and just, took possession of every mind; the elec-
tric spark that lit the fires of genuine patriotism on
the hearts of the people to the remotest nooks and
dells of the far west, and all around to the shores
of the sea, touched the political, calculating heart
of Congress, and by a vote more prompt and more
unanimous than was ever before known, war was
solemnly declared "to exist by the act of Mexi-
co." Within the last few days, this House has
declared, by a strict party vote, that u the war
exists by the unnecessary and unconstitutional act
of the President." Against this foul charge I have
combated, with what success, I leave the commit-
tee to decide. But what 44 has brought this change
o'er the spirit of your dreams?" Ah! fatal act;
fatal to the best interests of these States, fatal to
truth and justice, the bastard offspring of a disap-
pointed patriot. But I will not indulge my thoughts
on this subject. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Ashmun,] who introduced this resolu-
tion, took his party by surprise, and placed them
in a position from which there is no retreat. You
have crossed the Rubicon; your votes are on rec-
ord, and they will rise up like spectres against you
in all after time. Wc accept the issue you have
presented, and go into the next Presidential con-
test on it; for, disguise it as you may, the Presi-
dency is the grand centre around which all this
machinery revolves. The bank had gone down,
free trade had become popular, the independent
treasury was firmly planted; m short, Whigery
had been sent to graze, like Ncbuchadnezzar, and
Democracy had been taken into the bosom of the
people, and your friend and ally [Mr. AsHMutf]
struck upon this grand conception; it v/as the bat-
tery with which the defunct bodies of banks,
tariffs, distribution, et id omne genus, were to be
galvanized into a renewed existence. Verily,
whom the gods would destroy, they first make
mad. Go on; take sides against your country;
sympathize with Mexico; refuse, if you daret to
vote supplies to carry on this war; strengthen the
issue you have already presented; make the breach
wider and wider between us, and when the people
decide the contest, they will exalt the men who
stand by the stars apd stripes, and consign to a
merited ignominy every man who dares outrage
their sense of patriotism by 44 giving aid and com-
fort to the enemy."
How is it proposed to raise money to carry on
this war? The President and Secretary of the
Treasury propose a loan, an issue of treasury notes,
and a duty on tea and coffee. The gentlemen from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] and Indiana, [Mr.
Smith,] and other gentlemen, take fire at this prop-
osition to tax-tea and coffee, and pour out their
piteous lamentations over the distresses of the
poor man. When, sir, did these gentlemen first
learn to sympathize with the poor man ? Was it at a
time when they were taxing cotton cloth, leather,
iron, coal, and salt? Was it, sir, when they were
levying protective duties on these articles, all of
which enter into the poor man's consumption?
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Marsh] poms ,
out the fulness of his sympathetic heart over the
poor man's tax on tea and coffee, und then he be- ]
wails the downfall of protection. You, sir, sympa- j
thize with the poor man's tax! you, who would j
tax all the necessaries of life to give protection to ;
some overgrown manufacturer! Strange and in- ;
comprehensible logic, that we must tax the poor 1
man's hat, his shoes, his shirt, his plough, his i
axe—everything, in short, which he consumes,
for the benefit of the manufacturer ! but your '
sympathetic hearts will not allow you to tax his tea !
and coffee to support your Government m time of '
war. You would send him shoeless, hatless. and !
shirtless, to cultivate his ground without imple-
ments, unless hp pays tribute to the manufacturer:
only give him tea that is not taxed, and you are
satisfied. You would lay his diseased body on a
pallet that is taxed; give him taxed medicine
from a spoon that is taxed; ydu give him un-
taxed tea in a cup that is taxed; he dies, and
you tax his winding sheet, and consign him to a
grave that is dug with a spade that is taxed, and
then insult his memory by saying that you gave
him untaxed tea. Why, sir, if I thus outraged
the poor man's common sense during life, insulted
him in his last moments, and whined a hypocritical
sympathy over his tomb when dead, I should ex-
pect his ghost to rise up in judgment against me.
Other gentlemen may do as they please—for me
and my people, we go for our country. We write
on our banner, " millions for defence, but not one
cent for tribute." Tax our property, tax our sup-
plies, ay, tax our tea and coffce, tax us millions
on millions, for the defencc of our country's flag
and our country's honor, and we will pay if; but
if you ask us to pay one cent of tribute to your
lordly manufacturers, we rise up m rebellion
against you. Take our property for the defence
of our national honor, but do not plunder us to
make a rich man more rich.
Gentlemen affect great alarm at the thought of
S direct taxation. The gentleman from Georgia
! [Mr. Stephens] seemed peculiarly nervous on
I this subject. He lashed himself into a passion,
I as other gentlemen have done, declared emphati-
! cally that he never would levy direct taxes on his
j constituents to carry on this " unnecessary and
unconstitutional war." I beg gentlemen to quiet
their nerves; nobody has asked them to vote for
direct taxes; and whenever the President, or Secre-
! tary of the Treasury, or the Committee on Ways
i and Means, ask for such a tax, as necessary and
proper, it will be time enough to discuss it.
I shall omit much of what 1 intended to say, re-
serving for another occasion my views on the
question of indemnity and future security, and
upon the disposition which Congress may make
of newly-aequiied teriitory. These and their kin-
dred subjects will, I hope, more properly engage
our attention at a later period of the session. The
Government needs money, and we delay it in need-
less discussion.
I will vote for a loan, I will vote for treasury
notes, and for a tax on tea and coffee; I will vote
for men, regulars and volunteers; in short, sir, I
will vote for anything and everything that may be
needed to prosecute this war to such a conclusion as
the Government can accept without dishonor. My
constituents will sustain me in this. They are
patriots: they go for their own country, and against
Mexico; and they expect of their Representative
fealty to their views. Their motto has ever been,
44 Our country — may she be always right; but
right or wrong, our country."
Mr. DUER next obtained the floor, but gave
way at the request of
Mr. RUMSfiY, who moved that the committee
rise.
The CHAIRMAN put the question, and pro-
nounced it determined in the affirmative.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, inquired if there
was a quorum voting.
It appeared that there was not, and a conversa-
tion arose as to the duty of calling the roll and
reporting the absentees.
The CHAIRMAN said the 126th rule was im-
perative:
" Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House, nnds
itself without a quorum, the chunman >)uh cau>e the loli
of the Homo to be calicd, and thereupon tiic commute
shall rise, and the chairman shall repoit the names of tiin
absentees to the House, winch shall he eiueied on the Jour-
nal."
Mr. ASHMUN contended that less than a quo-
rum could rise, as less than a quorum of the House
could adjourn. The rule only i elated to the trans-
action of business in Committee.
[Cries of " Call the roll."]
The CHAIRMAN took a different view of^the
1 rule, and directed the Cleik to call the io!l, apd it
j was called aceoidtngly.
1 The roll having been called, but the result not
j announced—
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, desired to have his
1 name recorded.
j The CHAIRMAN inquired if the gentleman
: from Tennessee was present when his name was
1 called ?
'■ Mr. JONES replied that he was here now.
