1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
The motion to print was then referred' to the
Committee on Printing. *
Mr. YJJLEE expressed a wish to take up the
resolutions submitted by him as a substitute for
the resolutions laid on the table by the Senator
from New York [Mr. Dickinson.] He had in-
tended" to postpone the remarks which he proposed
to make on these resolutions until the close of the
discussion on the ten-regiment bill; but as there
was no time fixed for the termination of that de-
bate, he would ask the indulgence of the Senate
to permit him to give his views on the subject now,
before the expiration of the morning hour.
After some conference with the Senators round
him, Mr. Y. said he would forego his intention at
this time, as the morning hour had nearly expired;
but he hoped the Senate would allow him the privi-
lege on Monday morning.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Afl'uus bo in-
structed Xo inquire into the expediency of irmking an appro-
priation for the contraction of fortifications at Proctor's
Landing, on Lake lioryne, in the State ol Louisiana.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill providing for the obtaining
of testimony in relation to claims for losses in the
iate war in Florida; which was read a first time,
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judifciary, reported a bill for giving effect to cer-
tain treaty stipulations between this and foreign
governments, for the apprehension and delivering
up of certain offenders; which was read a first
tim£.
Mr. DAYTON then gave notice that he should,
«t an early day, ask for the action of the Senate
on this bill.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John Cald-
well.
Mr. CASS, from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the joint resolutions from the
House, giving the thanks of the country to Major
General Scott, and the officers of the army untler
his command; and, also, to Major General Tay-
lor, and the officers serving under his command.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to consider these resolutions as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and they were reported for
a third reading; and the question being on their
passage—
Mr. HALE said, I have no disposition to tres-
pass on the attention of the Senate, but I cannot suf-
fer the question to be taken without expressing the
grounds of my opposition to the passage of this
resolution. Induing so I have no object in view
except to manifest consistent opposition to the war
in alf its phases—in all its aspects—and 111 what-
ever way it can be presented. I feel constrained
to record my vote against the passage of this reso-
lution, because I cannot, by any possibility, by
any sophistry, separate in my mind a vote of
thanks to those officers for the agency which they
have had in the war, from an approval of the war
in which they aro engaged. I do not propose, at
this time, to repeat to the Senate my convictions
as to the character of this war, because I have
already sufficiently expressed those convictions.
I desire only to vindicate the propriety of the
course which I propose to take upon this occasion.
. Let ine invite the attention of the Senate to a pro-
ceeding parallel to this which occurred in the Brit-
ish Parliament, on a proposition to thank the
officers engaged in the American war for the ser-
vices which they had rendered to the mother coun-
try against the people of the colonies. By refer-
ence to the " British Annual Register," we find,
that on the 27th of November, 1781 , a motion was
made in the House of Commons that the thanks
of the House should be given to Sir Henry Clin-
ton, Knight of the Bath, for the important services
rendered by him and troops under his command,
in the reduction of Charleston; and that the thanks
of that House should also be given to Earl Corn-
walljs, for the signal and meritorious services he
had done to his country, by the most glorious
victory obtained by him over the American rebels
at Camden:
" Mr. Wilkes declared, that ho thought it his duty to op-
pose the motion, as originally introduced, respecting only
Lord Cornwalhs, and all the subsequent amendments, be-
cause, in his idea, every part of it conveyed an approbation
of the American war—a war unfounded in principle, and
fatal m its consequences to this country. He had condemned
it, he said, at the beginning, and had regularly opposed its
progress in every stage, both in and out of Parliament. The
eminent and very important services to his Majesty and this
country, mentioned in the motion, he entirely disappioved,
and consequently should withhold his thanks and gratitude,
where he did not think them wanted, in a war of glaring
injustice and wretched policy.""
On this motion, Mr. Fox addressed the House;
and I beg to read a short extract from the report
of the debate:
" He allowed the merits of the officers now in question,
hut he made a distinction between thanks and praise. He
might admire their valor, bur he could not separate the in-
tention from the action; they were united in his mind;
there they lormed one whole; and he would not attempt to
divide them. He would not vote the thanks of the House
to any admiral, while the navy of England was in such bad
hands."
It seems to me that that is the only consistent
course of action for those who disapprove of this
war, in all its stages and aspccts, and in every pos-
sible way in which it can be presented. I hold
that that is the only consistent ground for those
who maintain that this war has been wrong in its
beginning, wronsj in its prosecution, wrong in the
objects to which it looks, and wrong in the means
by which it is hoped to attain those objects. En-
tertaining such a view of duty on this"occasion, 1
cannot give thanks to anybody for any agency in
this war, except such agency as tends to bring it
to an immediate termination. Any judicious ef-
forts, here or elsewhere, to bring this war to a
close—to a speedy and honorable close—will com-
mand my earnest and most cordial thanks; but I
have no thanks to offer those who have been cm-
ployed in the prosecution of a war which I believe
to be thus uiijust from its commencement. Nor
can I accede to another proposition which I have
heard maintained with a good deal of energy here
and elsewhere—that an officer of the army or navy
has no discretion—that he is a mere machine of
the Administration—that it is to say, u go," and he
goeth, "come," and he cometh, without attaching
to himself any share of moral responsibility for
the character of the transaction in which he is en-
gaged. I do not believe in any such doctrine. I
ao not believe that offipers of the army or navy are
such machines, and that by receiving commissions
in either service they divest themselves of all re-
sponsibility for the character of the transactions in
which they may be engaged in pursuance of the
orders which they receive. There is one bright
page in the history of the English army, which I
think might, with great propriety, be commended
to the thoughtful consideration of every gentleman
who thus represents the officers of the army as irre-
sponsible machines. It is found in the history of
the Earl of Effingham, a distinguished officer of
the British army, and a member of the House of
Peers. H« was the colonel of a regiment in the
British scrvice, when he leeeived oiders to join
the army, about to embark for America, and light
the rebels at Charleston and Camden. His con-
duct on that occasion was worthy of all commend-
ation; and would to God that we had had some one
who, inheriting a portion of his spirit when the
order of this Administration was issued, directing
the advance of the troops to the Rio Grande,
would have followed so illustrious an example!
The story is briefly told in the "Annual Register"
for the year 177G, and witlTthe indulgence of the
Senate I will read it:
"TbeKnrl of Effingham, whose military genius had led
him, when a youth, into the auny, and had since prompted
him to ripen theory into experience wherever real service
w.in to be found, bvactingasavohmtper m the war between
the Russians and Turks, had, since Ins return, as a peer in
Parliament, uniformly opposed the whole system of meas-
ures puisued against the Americans, and finding, at Itngth,
that the regiment in which ho served was intended foi the
Anieiiean service, thought it inconsistent With hns ehaiac-
ter, and unbecoming of ins dignity, to enforce measures with
his sword, winch he had so utterly condemned in his legisla-
tive capacity. lie accordantly wiotoaletterof re-ijrnation to
the Secretary at War, in which, having declared the cheer-
fulness with which he would sacrifice life and fortune in
Mippoit of the safety, honoi, and dignity, of Jus Majesty's
crown and person, he observed, that the same piineiples
which had inspired hiin with these unalterable sentiments
of duty and affection to the King, would not suffer lmn to be
instrumental tn depriving anypait ofhis people of those lib-
erties which form the bc&t'sectmty for their fidelity and
obedience to his Government. He expressed the deepest
regiet and gieate^t mortification at being obliged to quit a
protes^ion which had been that of his anee.-tois for many
ages, to the. study and practice of which from childhood Jus
past life had been applied, and his future intentionally dedi-
cated ; and that as he waived the advantage which the cus-
tom of the service entitled him to, the right of selling what
he had bought, he intieated, that he might be allowed to
retain his rank in the aimy, that whenever the envy or
ambition of foreign powers should require it, he might be
enabled to serve his Majesty and his country in that way m
whieh, of all others, he thought himself best calculated to
do it with efffect."
That was the course taken by that distinguished
officer of the British army when he received orders
from the Crown to embark on a service which di(l
not commend itself to his moral sentiments. If
there could have been found within the ranks of the
American army, an officer entertaining stieh exv
alted ideas of duty and dignity as that—who did
not merge the man in the officer, ami who could
have told the Administration that he respected his
own convictions of truth and duty, and could not
yield obedience to an arbitrary mandate, I would
have thanked him, and thanked God that he had
given us such a man. But I can record no vote
of thanks to any of the officers of this army, hav-
ing been engaged in a contest which every feeling
of my heart, and every dictate of my judgment
condemns. The resolution speaks of glory. That
glory I look upon as our shame! We have won
no glory in this war which I desire to share, for
it has been acquired in a cause which I believe has
not been sustained by justice, and there can be no
glory without justice.' There can be glitter and
there can be glare, butno glory separate from truth,
righteousness, and justice; and believing that the
whole of this transaction, from beginning to-end;
instead of adding anything-to our national glory,
has detracted from it—that instead of clothing our
national character with just renown, it has ren-
dered our name a shame and a reproach to the
friends of free principles wherever the history of
our doings in Mexico are known—I must, as one
humble individual, withhold now and forever any
vote of thanks or approbation to those who have
been instrumental in carrying on that war.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I differ very much on
this subject from the gentleman who has just taken
his seat; and the remarks which he has made give
me an opportunity of placing myself right before
the Senate and elsewhere. I believe, as he does,
that this war was improperly and unconstitution-
ally commenced. But does it follow, because I
entertain that opinion, that the officers and soldiers
engaged under the direction of the Government
are not entitled to the thanks of the country for
the performance of their duty? Upon what ground
has the gentleman before me placed it? He gave
an instance of an English officer, who, soonerthan
draw the sword in execution of the orders of his
Government, resigned his post. Does that apply
to the soldiers who enlist during the war, or for
five years? Can they resign ? No. Their hands
are tied. They are compelled to obey the orders
of their officers; and would the gentleman erect a
different standard of honor for the soldier in the
ranks and the officer who commands? The British
officer to whom he alluded might have had an es-
tate to which to retire; the circumstances in which
he was placed may have enabled him to take the
course which he did; but not so in regard to the
officers of our army. I ask, then, if the position of
the gentleman involves anything more than this:
that the officers and soldiers of the army are to
obey orders according as they may conceive them
to comport with moral principles or not? If that
is to be the rule, what is to be the condition of the
government of the army ? It amounts to a disso-
lution of that government at oncc. My position
as a legislator is one thing. I act upon principle;
I attempt to give such a diiection to public affairs
as, in my judgment, right principle demands. But
as a citizen, I am bound to yield obedience to the
law. After the legislature has acted, it is the duty
of the citizen to comply with the legislative pre-
scriptions. I have always repudiated the idea of
an inferior tribunal, executive or legislative, setting
itself up to expound the law, and act just as it
understands the requirements of the case, as being
entirely opposed to republican principles, and the
good order of society. I think, that if this Legis-
lature should express its determination to conquer
the whole of Mexico, the citizens would be bound
to submit. As a legislator, I would feel it to be
my duty to oppose to the* very utmost such. a
determination. But if it were once so decided,
constitutionally or unconstitutionally, there would
then be nothing left but submission. It would be
my duty to submit in that case. How is it with
the army? The army is bound to execute the
orders of the Government; and if it execute them
in the gallant style which has characterized the
operations of our troops in Mexico, it is entitled
to the thanks of every man whose heart beats with
