1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
gia and others had been, that they had not reflected
that the word " war," like many other words in
the English language,-and in other languages, was
capable of more than one signification. It denoted
certain relations which might exist between two
countries without actual hostilities; and it denoted
(as used in common parlance) actual contest, ac-
tual hostilities. Now, if things after annexation
was' consummated had remained in statu quo; if
no change, after that, had taken place in the rela-
tions between this country and Mexico, he said
the President was not justified in ordering an inva-
ding army into the territory of Mexico. Why ?
Because,, though in one sense the measure of an-
nexation was war, yet it was not intended to be
by Congress, and was not in fact a declaration of
war by this Government. It assumed the quarrel
which Mexico had with Texas, if Mexico chose
to prosecute that quarrel. We had no quarrel
with her; she had given us no offence growing out
of that measure of annexation. We assumed the
quarrel, if she elected that the quarrel, then termi-
nated, should continue. And even then, if there
had been no change in our relations with Mexico,
the President was not justifiable in sending an
invading army into her territory.
The act of Congress did not give the President
such power; it did not necessarily continue the
quarrel. ButMexico made her election; she chose
that there should be peace. And if the state of
things previously did not justify the President in
commencing the war, clearly after Mexico elected
peace, after she consented to receive a commis-
sioner from the United States to settle the question
of boundary, the President had no power of this
description.
He said, then, that these positions were both
true and consistent, and he was not disposed to
yield the one or the other.
But the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett,] in Ins argument upon that subject, held,
as he (Mr. D.) understood—and if he was wrong
he wished to be corrected—that inasmuch as, by
the Constitution of the United States, Congress
alone could declare war, therefore it was impossi-
ble for the President of the United States to com-
mence a war. He might order an invading army
into another country; that would be hostility, the
gentleman held, but not war, because Congress
'alone could declare war. For this argument, if
he had understood it aright, he should perhaps be
obliged to the gentleman. He thought it might be
used upon other questions which would come up
by anil by. He believed the gentleman from
South Carolina denied the power of Congress to
improve rivers and harbors and to erect piers.
They had, or had had, where he lived, a pier now
only preserved from ruin by the voluntary con-
tributions of the inhabitants. Now, suppose Con-
gress were to vote tippioprintions for the repair of
that pier, or for the construction of another else-
where: the gentleman from South Carolina, hold-
ing that ft was unconstitutional to vote for the
erection of piers, would, by parity of reasoning,
deny that, when erected, they were piers, but
would hold them to be merely collections of stones
and mortar. The gentleman argued that whatever
was done unconstitutionally was as if it had not
been done at all; and therefore he must admit that
in voting such appropriations no unconstitutional
act was committed. This was the reasoning by
which he now defended the Piesidcnt against the
chatge of commencing the war. Did the gentle-
man take the distinction between " war" (which
he held could only be commenced by Congress)
and hostilities, and mean to admit that the Presi-
dent had commcnced hostilities? If so, it was a
mere question of words, which he (Mr. D.) was
willing to yield, and say that this was an unconsti-
tutional act of hostilities commenced by the Presi-
dent of the United States.
He did not wish to detain the committee long,
when they had so often been on the banks of the
Rio Grande. [A laugh.] Who commenced this
war? was a question which lay in a nutshell. Its
answer depended on a simple fact. The Mexican
and American armies met on or near the banks of
the Rio Grande; there the first battle was fought.
Now, which of these armies was the invading
army? Upon whose soil was the first battle fought?
If upon American soil, then the Mexicans were
the invaders; but if upon Mexican soil, the Amer-
icans were the invaders; and the President having
ordered the invasion, the war was "unnecessarily
and unconstitutionally commenced by the Presi-
dent of the United States." Now, upon this ques-
tion of fact, upon this question of position, turned
the decision of the question, who commenced the
war? But even admitting that Texas, and we
through Texas, had just title to the Rio Grande,
yet, if the western bank of the Rio Grande was at
that time in actual possession of the Mexicans,
this question .of boundary being a controverted
question, it was an unjustifiable act of the Presi-
dent. Now, there was no want of witnesses here.
Throwing aside others, here were two thousand
men in the army under General Taylor who could
testify from their own knowledge on the subject.
Permit him to read the testimony of one of these
witnesses. He wished to make out a prima facie
case merely; and he asked gentlemen, if they
could, to contradict this testimony by a particle of
testimony on the other side. Here was an extract
of a letter written at that time (and published
shortly after in this country) by one of the officers
under General Taylor, and who was an eye-wit-
ness of the scenes of which he writes. He says:
" Our situation here is an extraorduiary one: light in the
enemy's country, actually occupying thcii corn and cotton
fields, the people of the Voil leaving thejr homes, and we,
with a small handful of men, marching with colors flying
and drums beating light under the very guns of one of then
principal cities, displaying the star-spangled banner, as if in
defiance, under their very noses, and they, with an army
twice oui size, sit-quietiy down, and make not the least re-
sistance, not the first eflbit to drive the invaders off. There
is no parallel to it."
Now, if what the President of the United States
and his friends here said was actually tryp, this
state of facts was entirely reversed. It was Amer-
icans who were dwelling in the houses there, cul-
tivating their corn and cotton fields; it was the
Mexican invading army that drove them from their
houses and fields, and the army of General Taylor
went not to drive them away, but to protect the
American inhabitants there. But where was the
witness who testified to this state of things ? Was
there one, from the commanding general down to
the meanest camp follower, who undertook to show
that that was the state of facts, which must be
shown to establish the position that war was com-
menced by the act of Mexico? But he should be
told—as he had heard such things before, both
here and elsewhere—that, however this might be,
he ought nevertheless to maintain (contrary to his
clear convictions of truth) that the Mexicans were
the invading army, and that the American army
under General Taylor went forward to the left bank
of the Rio Grande to protect the American inhab-
itants there; that to do this, was to take the side of
his country; und, in a state of war, men ought to
take the side of their country. Yes, in war and in
peace, every man ought to take the side of his
country; but, in order to determine what was the
side of his country, he must determine what was
the true interest and glory of his country. Is James
Iv.. Polk my country? Then I confess (said Mr.
D.) I am no patriot. Is it patriotism to falsify
facts?—to lie? In monarchical governments,
there were men who surround the throne and
fill the royal ear with falsehood and flattery, who
live by these arts, and who call themselves loyal.
So, too, in republican governments, there were
men who surround their high functionaries; and
they, too, live in this way, and ctdl themselves
patriots. But he liked better the honest man, who
tells the king or his rulers the truth, though at the
risk of disfavor and disgrace; and he had rather
act this honest part himself, even at the risk of
being stigmatized as a "Mexican Whig."
Now, something as to the motives with which
this war was commenced and prosecuted by the
President of the United States, and by those par-
tisans who sustained him. He thought he could
discover a two-fold purpose: a domestic purpose,
and a foreign purpose—an object to be accom-
plished at home, and an object to be accomplished
abroad. He believed, and he therefore charged,
that the President of the United States had com-
menced and was prosecuting this war in a base and
partisan spirit, and for base and partisan purposes;
and he thought the facts from which he deduced
this conclusion amply sustained it, and were, in
themselves, clear and indisputable. Let him no-
tice here an inconsistency in gentlemen on the other
side. They are constantly saying to us, (said Mr.
P-i) "Why, you should unite with us in support-
ing this war; the country should present a united
front; you must not enter into discussions about
the origin of this War, the motives with which it is
prosecuted, because these discussions,, reaching
Mexico, convey the idea that the country di-
vided, and cause her to persist in her<obsfcinat«
resistance." The country is in war, (say they;)"
therefore, we must vote all the men and money
the President requires; we must not inquire whether
he has violated the Constitution; we must not in-
quire, being engaged in an attempt to deprive the
Mexicans of their liberties, whether our own are
in danger! *
If gentlemen were sincere, if they really held '
these Mexican Indians in such fear as to think it
unsafe to discuss the war, why was it that from
the beginning they had done as they now did;—all
they could do to force the Whigs into opposition
to the war? And why did they not indirectly,
leaving it a matter of inference, instead of directly,
say that there was in the country a party that
sympathized with the Mexicans, that wished the
Mexicans success ? Do we hear any Whigs in
this Hall or elsewhere, did any Whig journals
use any such language? No; it proceeded entirely
from gentlemen on the other side. We (said Mr.
D.) may not utter the most solemn truths for fear
Mexico may misunderstand them! You may give
utterance to the grossest slanders, which do all
this mischief (if any is done) which you profess
so much to deprecate. It was not Whig truth, but
Democratic falsehood, that gave "aid and com-
fort" to the Mexicans. Suppose a Whig made a
speech which was indiscreet, if they pleased, he
asked gentlemen on the other side why did they
select particular passages, print them in italics and
capitals, distort them from the context, interpolate
words never used, and found upon the whole a
commentary as different as possible fiom any idea
in the mind of the author? He would tell them:
it was because they wished to injure the Whigs-
here at home by exciting popular prejudices,
while they cared not what the effect might be
abroad. He said, if any opinion existed in Mexico
that there is a Mexican party in this country, the
President and his supporters, and not the Whigs,
were responsible. Look at the very beginning
of this war. The army of General Taylor was .
thought to be in danger; instant supplies were
thought to be necessary to save them from destruc-
tion; these supplies might have been voted almost
unanimously; there might per chance have been
a solitary no, but it would have been almost
entirely unanimous. Then why did you not take
that unanimous vote of Congress when you might
have had it? Why did you deliberately determine
that upon this question there should be a division?
Why insist on pressing into this bill appropriating
for supplies a preamble which I do not say you
believed false, but which you knew the Whigs
believed to be false? Was it necessary to have
this objectionable preamble in order to obtain the
supplies? You had ample notice on the other side
what the Whigs thought. On a distinct vote be-
ing taken on this preamble, every Whig in this
House, with perhaps two or three exceptions,
voted to strike out this preamble; and with that
notice gentlemen insisted on keeping the preamble
in the bill. Now, if there was any other hypothe-
sis by which this act could be explained—if gen-
tlemen, who deemed union so necessary, could
tell him why they deliberately resolved that there
should be division and separation on this ques-
tion—if there was any other hypothesis by which
it could be explained, he would like to hear it.
Mr. BOYD, interposing for a word of explana-
tion, (andMr. D. yielding,) said; if the gentleman
would lefer to the record, he would find eighteen
of his political friends voting for the preamble de-
claring that Mexico made the war.
Mr. DUER (resuming) said he had seen the
yeas and nays as published at the time—whether
j correctly or not, he could not tell—in which but
: four Whigs voted to sustain the preamble. I may
be mistaken 
Mr. PENDLETON (in his seat.) You are
right. . . .
Mr. DUER The gentleman from Virginia says
I am right: but the exact number is immaterial.
Now, it was said, that the Whigs had voted that
this war existed by the act of Mexico, and it was
thought to convict them of gross inconsistency in
voting at this session that the President of the
United States commenced the war. That decla-
ration was false, grossly false, although he found it
in the message of the President of the United
