1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
negotiations were broken off on a point of honor,
because they would not sell us New Mexico, an
inhabited portion of their Republic—because they
could not barter away their countrymen who lived
there.
The President wanted peace. How much piece ?
How much of Mexico was embraced in it? Was
it one-half or two-thirds ? The instructions to Mr.
Trist were to take something like two-thirds. We
were to recover indemnity; recover not only the
debts, but the costs, and these were rapidly accu-
mulating; and Mr. D. urged that these would soon
absorb the whole of Mexico, and destroy her na-
tionality, which seemed to be just what the Presi-
dent desired, who nevertheless told us, if this
should happen, it would happen contrary to his
most strenuous desire, and as the sole consequence
of the obstinacy of Mexico, in a war of invasion
commenced and prosecuted by her! These were
among those "Democratic truths" on which rest-
ed the u column" which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McCi.ernand] described, and which
he so appropriately, Mr. D. thought, consccrated
to James K. Polk. This was patriotism—going
on conquering- and to conquer! As patriots and
republicans, we must go on! Away with this
wretched cant! If you wish this plunder, this
dismemberment of a sister Republic, let us stand
forth like other conquerors, anu plainly declare our
purposes and desires. Let us, like Alexander,
who boldly avowed that he went for glory and
conquest, dcclare our objects. Away with this
mawkish morality! with this desecration of reli-
gion! with this cant about u manifest destiny," a
divine mission, a warrant from the Most High, to
civilize, christianize, and democratize our sister
republic at the mouth of the cannon !—sentiments
which had found their way from dinner-table
speeches and club harangues to the mouths of
grave Senators, and even, as he had heard, to the
pulpit itself, but which seemed to him fit only to
be preached by a Friar Tuck to a band of robbers!
I turn from James IC. Polk, the disjienser of the
spoils^ to Washington, to find what patriotism is.
There I find the virtues dwelling together; there I
find patriotism surrounded, hallowed, and adorned
by truth, justice, and humanity. Who, for the
whole of Oregon or of Mexico, would have the
fair fame of the " Father of his Country" sullied
with a single falsehood, with a single instance of
rapacity or injustice? No; let his image rise to
men's memories, to the most distant time, pure us
the marble in which his form is sculptured within
these enclosures—serene, sublime ; bearing the
sword, but a sword that was drawn for liberty,
not for conquest—a sword that was never stained
but wilh the blood of an invader. Such I would
have the fair fame of my country; such has been
that fame: and I would not sell that fame for all
the trophies of all the conquerors that have ever
devastated the earth; not for all the gold and silver
which (Joitez and Pizarro wmled through blood to
obtain; not though the mountains of Mexico were
compact of solid gold!
Mr. V). proceeded to notice the remarks of Mr.
Mouse, of Louisiana, and said that the Whigs
had not, as charsred, declared the war to be " un-
just and unconstitutional," but they had voted that
it was " unnecessarily and unconstitutionally com-
menced by the President of the United States."
No one doubled that after it was authorized by
Congress, it had become constitutional.
The hammer here fell arthc houi expiicd.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, next obtained the
floor. Passing by the financial questions which
were involved in the bill immediately before the
committee, and which might more properly be de-
ferred till general measures to meet the expenses
of the ensuing year were under consideration, he
said he should direct Ins attention to another sub-
ject which had occupied so much of the considera-
tion of the committee.
Among the gifts of nature, perhaps few were
more brilliant and none more dangerous or delu-
sive for a public speaker, when the pursuit of truth
was desired, than a vivid imagination. Ungiftcd
in this respect, he should not attempt to rival or
answer the flights of imagination of the very imagi-
native gentleman who had just preceded him. He
should not attempt to repel the course of the attacks
struck by that gentleman at the motives of the
President—attacks which rested solely on the as-
sertions of the speaker that he " believed" that the
President, although his motives were right, had
mistaken theproper course; nor to repel the charges
finally made of vices of intention, notwithstanding
the gentleman's previous admission to the con-
trary.
He left all that argument to consider the policy
of our Government in reference to the war now
waging with Mexico—a policy distinctly and ex-
plicitly avowed. It was true that the act of Con-
gress by which war was declared to exist between
this country and Mexico did not specifically assert
the objects for which that war should be waged.
The conduct of Mexico had made such a declara-
tion unnecessary upon this occasion, had it ordi-
narily been customary and proper; but the omission
to make such a declaration by Congress of the ob-
jects of the war was neither unprecedented nor im-
proper. A hostile blow struck by Mexico; the
invasion of what was admitted to be our own ter-
ritory; what General Taylor in command upon
that frontier, what this House in granting means
to repel invasion, acknowledged to be our own
soil; what by establishment of post routes and
other acts Congress had acknowledged and assert-
ed to be our boundary—Mexico making this in-
vasion, striking the hostile blow—no manifesto
was required of the objects of the war. It was a
war brought on by the act of Mexico.
But, had a proclamation of the causes been re-
quired, the Executive was the proper department
of the Government under our system to make this
manifesto, chargcd as he was with all our foreign
relations, and thus possessed necessarily of the
entire information on which such a pioclamation or
manifesto could be truthfully issued. And should
Congress attempt to issue any proclamation or
manifesto of the causes of the war, it must be based
entirely upon the information furnished with refer-
ence to those causes by the Executive. But a
proclamation of this sort was made by the Execu-
tive, exactly as was done in 1812, when war was
undertaken and declared to exist between this
country and Great Britain.
The President sent in his message in the month
of May, 184G, in which he referred Congress to
the injuries heretofore existing, and the catalogue
of ills which we had experienced at the hands of
Mexico, and then he set forth the objects of the
the war. In response to that message, enumera-
ting and unequivocally declaring the causes and
the objects of the war, Congress declared that the
war did exist, and it granted supplies for the pros-
ecution of the war, for the objects and purposes
which the President had stated. But that was not
oil. At the next session of Congress, the Presi-
dent, in his annual message, communicated to both
branches of Congress all the circumstances relating
to our position towards Mexico, and asked for the
necessary means to prosecutc the war vigorously
for the attainment of those objects which he had
enumerated. The means were granted. The war,
therefore, has been not only commenced, and the
policy undertaken as indicated by the Executive,
but it has been undertaken with the entire sanction
of every department of this Government which
may be constitutionally intrusted with the matter.
When, therefore, he asserted that our policy was
distinctly and unequivocally made known, he
meant it was the policy of the Government, and
not of any part of this Government. That policy,
as often explained in this House, was briefly, in-
demnity for the past and security for the future;
and it had not been misunderstood either by this
House or by the people of this country. Indem-
nity for the past constituted a pi imary objcct of
the war. The recognition of a boundary between
the two republics, too, was one of the first objects
of the war—the recognition of the Rio Grande as
that boundary, and a peace which failed to secure
that object could not do other than bring disgrace
on our arms.
Mr. S. read an extract from the President's
I message of May, 184G, setting forth that war ex-
| isted by the act of Mexico, and that we were
!j called upon to defend the rights and honor of the
jj country. He also read a passage from the same
|j message, which he said very explicitly avowed the
,i objects of the war in which the country was in-
volved,and then continued. With this declaration
I on the part of the President, and in response to
the call of the President, Congress recognized the
war for those avowed objects. They were, first,
the establishment of a boundary on the Rio Grande,
excluding -the interference or claim of Mexico to
that portion of the State of Texas. That was the
first object of the war. Another object, which was
also unequivocally avowed by the President and
sanctioned by Congress, was the payment for in-
juries which our citizens have sustained by the acts
of Mexico. These were the two primary objects
of the war, and, as a necessary consequence, there
was another attached to these objects, which was
explicitly announced to Congress; it wa?, that the
war would be prosecuted to secure the expenses*
of the war. This was a proposition that consisted
with all the rules of national intercourse, and all
the text writers on international law. If a nation
were driven into a war in defence of its just rights,
and thus involved in heavy expense, it was neces-
sarily, on a restoration of peace, entitled to those
expenses, and hence this claim was founded in.
reason as well as international law. When, how-
ever, peace came, this was one of those claims
which might be insisted on rigorously or settled
liberally.
These, then, were the objects of the war; but
connected with all wars there were necessarily re-
sults which did not at first constitute the objects of
the war, but which might necessarily be looked
upon as results growing from them. One of these
was punishment for the aggressions made on the
country. This was connected, too, with the other
branch of the general ground assumed, viz: secu-
rity for the future. It was the duty of a belliger-
ent forced into a war to punish the aggressor. It
was the practice of every country to punish ag-
gressors, to save themselves from future aggres-
sions. This had been accomplished in part by
the victories which we have achieved over Mexico.
But there was another mode of punishing, and that
was, by throwing on her the expenses of the war
during it<* progress, and compelling her to pay
them. Another was, to wrest from her provinces
which, under other circumstances, we would not*
demand. This might be done to secure to us our
rights, and also for our security in reference to for-
eign nations and Indian tribes on the frontier. We
have a right to insist on the establishment of such
territorial limits—looking at the conduct of Mexi-
co—as will subserve our interests and safety for
the future. But when peace shall come—when a
treaty shall be negotiated,—we may in this respect
act with magnanimity, a/? becomes a great nation
towards a weaker one. We may relinquish some
of our rights in regard to the feelings of the weaker
belligerent, when we negotiate a peace; but while
the war was being waged, there was neither time
nor place for magnanimity. Magnanimity was a
virtue to be exercised only on the return of peace
between belligerents. Magnanimity in war was
to enforce rigorously the rules of war. A relaxa-
tion of those rules was cruelty, inasmuch us it en-
dangered a greater effusion of blood and outlay of
the treasure of both nations.
This, then, was the policy of our Government,
not simply of the Executive, but of the entire
Government; a policy to which the Government
has given its sanction, and to which the country-
is pledged. And we cannot recede from that poli-
cy. That the war has not been waged for con-
quest, the President has at all times told us. In
the responses of Congress to the messages of the
President, that feeling has predominated, and it has
| influenced the country in reference to the termina-
tion of the war. But war should not be eternal;
and every declaration of war implies the entire
subjugation of one of the belligerents. Unless this
were so, there would be no disposition to enter
into treaty stipulations to put a period to the war.
If, then, Mexico shall still refuse to putapeuod
to the war, in spite of all the efforts of our Govern-
ment to bring it to a close, and to establish amica-
ble relations between the two republics, was it not
obviously the dictate of humanity, as well as the .
right of this country, that the war should be vig-
orously prosecuted, that Mexico may be forced to
abandon the war, and that its horrors may be mit-
igated? This was obviously just; otherwise war
would be eternal. He repeated, then, that in every
war the final subjugation of one belligerent was
necessary, if she refused to listen to overtures of
peace on reasonable terms. This result was not
desired by the President nor by the American
people; and when peace shall come, then will come
the time for the exercise of magnanimity. If it
shall not come, we shall be obliged to subjugate
that country in self-defence. But, if subjugated,
it did not follow that we were to hold that country
permanently. That was not the purpose of this
