350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
Mr. YULEE here begged to inform the Senator
that he did not propose to interfere at all with the
discussion of the ten-regiment bill.
Mr. FOOTE replied that he had distinctly stated,
if the Senator from Florida did not interfere with
the discussion of the bill, he would not object to
allowing him to present his views on his resolu-
tions; but if the Senator encroached in the slightest
decree—no more even than a second of time—on
that bill, he felt bound to oppose the taking up of
his resolutions.
Mr. YULEE said that he expected that he
would get through with what he had to say before
the expiration of the morning houf*, ana would
have done so if he had not been interrupted by the
Sen'ator from Mississippi.
Mr. FOOTE regretted that the Senator from
Florida had mot been so explicit when he first an-
nounced his desire that his resolutions should be
taken up.
Mr. CAMERON observed, that he thought it
would save time to allow the Senator from Florida
to proceed with his remarks. He understood that
the Senator would not occupy a longer period than
the half hour which yet remained of the time allot-
ted to morning business. The Senator would not,
if that was the case, interfere in the slightest degree
with the speedy action of the Senate on the ten-
regiment bill, a measure which was vitally im-
portant to the interests of the country, and on the
progress of which a speedy peace very much de-
pended.
Mr. HANNEGAN suggested that the Senator
might be allowed to proceed, with the understand-
ing that at one o'clock he should give way to the
special ovder.
Mr. BADGER begged to detain the Senate only
a moment, for the purpose of setting himself right in
regard to an observation which he made, and to
which the Senator from Mississippi had attempted
to give a construction which was not altogether
correct. He did not suppose that the Senator from
Florida ought to be indulged in making his speech,
on the ground of4' courtesy •" but he thought that,
in the circumstances of the case, the Senate had
so committed itself, that it was perhaps an act of
justice to allow that gentleman to express his
views on the resolutions offered as a substitute for
those of the Senator from New York, who had
been indulged in an opportunity of presenting his
own at length. There was, therefore, no ground
for the charge of inconsistency in the remark which
he had made, that although at the time he feared
that the extension of that indulgence to the Senator
from New York might lead to inconvenience in
the interruption of the public business, yet it seem-
ed to be proper to grant a similar favor to the Sen-
ator from Florida. It was better, he thought, to
submit to the inconvenience, than deny to the Sen-
ator from Florida the opportunity of presenting
his views, as nearly contemporaneous as possible
with those of the Senator who took a different view
of the subject.
Mr. FOOTE had only to say that he regarded
justice to the country as more important than jus-
tice to individuals.
The question was then taken on the motion to
take up the resolutions submitted by the Senator
fiom New York, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The resolutions submitted by the Senator from
New York (Mr. Dickinson) were then read as
follows:
Resolved, Tliat true policy requires the Government of
the United States to strengthen its political and commer-
cial leUiUons upon this continent by the annexation of^ueh
contiguous tei ritoiy as may conduce to that end and can be
justly obtained ; and that neither m such acquisition, nor m
the territorial oigamzation thereof, can any condition he
oorimtutioMuIl.v impo.-ed or institutions l>u provided lor or
e^fiblnhed iucoiir-i-tent with the nght of the people theieuf
to form a free sovereign State, witn the power and privileges
of riie ordinal members of the Confederacy.
Hesolred, That Jt) organizing a territoual government for
tenitorv belonging to the United States, the principles of
self-government upon which our federative s\stem ro.-ts
will b-> he-it promoted, the tiue spirit and meaning of the
ConMitufion he observed, and the Corifedeiaey sttengthened,
by leaving ah questions concerning the domestic policy
therein to the Jegislatuies chosen by the people thereof.
As a substitute for these resolutions, the Senator
from Florida submitted the following, which were
also read:
Rcso!),e<l, That the tmritoiy belonging to or winch may
he acquned by the United Sntes i<3 the common property of
the Union, and the sovereignty over the same vest:? in the
people ofthe several States comprising tiie Union.
Resolved further, That the Fedeidi Government lias no
delegated authority, nor the territorial community any infier- |
ent right, to exercise any legislative power within the said
territories, by which the equal light of all the citizens of the
United States to acquire and enjoy any part of the common
property may be impaired or embarrassed.
Mr. YULEE then addressed the Senate in ex-
planation and support of his resolutions, but, with-
out concluding his remarks, gave way to the spe-
cial order.
THANKS TO GENERAL SCOTT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Winfield Scott, and the
troops under his command, for their distinguished
gallantry and good conduct in the campaign of
1847.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force.
Mr. BREESE addressed the Senate in support
of the bill. He said he never rose in this Senate
to explain and defend any measure without great
embarrassment. He felt this particularly on this
occasion. He desired that for the opinions he was
about to express, he alone should be held respon-
sible, as they were confined to himself, and not
adopted on the suggestion of any one, rr~
He refer-
red to the efforts made in the State of Illinois to
raise the men required from hei, and expressed his
confidence that the same success would crown the
exertions which would be called for by the passage
of this bill. It would be gloomy news m that
State if the war were now to be abandoned. He
reminded the Senate of his remarks at a former
period, when he pledged himself for the zealous
support which that State would give to the war.
At that very moment the volunteers of Illinois
were winning laurels at the glorious battle of Buena
Vista.
He had hoped, from the unanimity which pre-
vailed among the people in favor of the war, that
this bill would have been suffered to pass without
calling forth the attacks which had been made
against the Administration. He knew that the peo-
ple were not to be operated on by mere declama-
tion—by mere assertions, without proof, that the
war is unconstitutional. He referred to the act of
May, 1846, declaring that war existed—and noth-
ing more was done in the commencement of the
war of 1812. It was the proper, the constitutional
mode, of changing our state from peace to war; and
if it was not unconstitutional in 1812, it is not so
now. Mexico was the invading party. General
Almonte had declared that his government would
not give up Texas, but would maintain her claim
to that territory at all hazards. He referred to
one of his speeches in 1844, and cited it as evidence
of his present opinions. He had then shown that
Texas never was a portion of Mexico, after her
declaration of independence, if the State of Maine
chose to secede from our CJnion, and establish a mon-
archy, and should the rest of the States oppose it,
would they have any right to force Maine to their
views? Just so it was with Texas; she had the
right to take her own course, in despite of the op-
position of Mexico. Texas declared her bound-
aries in 1836, and her independence had been
subsequently acknowledged by the most powerful
nations of Europe. Suppose, after the acknowl-
edgment of the independence ofTexas, the United
States or any other Power, had entered into an alli-
ance with her, offensive and defensive, and had
conquered the territory up to the boundary now
claimed, would not her right to that territory be
conceded?
He considered that in sending a minister to
Mexico authorized to enter into negotiations for
the adjustment of all questions m controversy be-
tween us, the United States had done all which
was required by the laws and practices of nations;
and that Mexico, by her refusal to accede to that
proposition, and her rejection of our minister, had
justly provoked the war. The war was not merely
popular, but had commenced rather by the action
of the people than by the acts of the President.
He adverted again to the war of 1812, not to
charge on the Government of that day that it had
been unjustly commenced, but for the purpose of
showing the attacks which were made upon it, on
the ground of its injustice, by certain ministers in
the New England States, from whose sermons he
read extracts, and also quotations from the Boston
Sentinel, the New Hampshire Gazette, and other
papers. Attempts were then made to prevent the
loaning of money to the Government, and he very
much feared that similar efforts were made now,
when the Government is in want of a loan. After
referring to the Federal papers of 1812, he com-
pared the language which they used with that
which was to be found in many of the leading
Whig papers of the present day—the Ohio State
Journal, the New Hampshire Statesman, the Na-
tional Intelligencer, and other papers. The fate
which befell those who promulgated these opinions
in 1812 was, that they lost the public confidence,
and could not now show themselves beyond their
own States; and this ought to be a warning to
those who now'advocate the same principles. He
referred to the opinion expressed by a judge of the
Supreme Court, (Judge McLean,) which he de-
nounced as marked with a peculiar impropriety as
coming from a member of the Supreme Court.
We had been coerced into the war by the con-
duct of Mexico, and the march to the Rio Grande
had nothing to do with its commencement.
We are in the war, and ought to prosecute it
until the objects for which it has been waged have
been accomplished. In 1846, he had witnessed a
more patriotic coursc on the part of Senators on
the other side. They were then united in favor of
the war.
Mr. MANGUM explained, that at the time of
the passage of the bill of May, 1S46, he had en-
tertained no doubt of our right to cross the Rio
Grande, in case of necessity, and even to pene-
trate into the heart of the Mexican territory; but
he had always been opposed to a war of conquest,
Mr. BREESE quoted a portion of the speech
of the Senator from North Carolina, to show that
that Senator was then willing to vote any number
of men necessary to prosecute the war vigorously,
while now they are unwilling to vote an addition
to our army of ten regiments.
It had been said that it was in the power of the
Government to make peace at any moment.
Mr. NILES said his language was, not that the
Government had power to make peace, but to stop
hostilities.
Mr. BREESE. To stop hostilities would of
necessity secure a peace. He then adverted to the
propositions made by Mexico, and asked if any
Senator on the other side would have consented, to
dismember Texas of any portion of her territory.
Senators say the war is unjust. If so, they are
bound to make compensation to Mexico for all
the injury we have done to her.
The President had originally informed us of his
desire to prosecute the war for the purpose of ob-
taining a peace. Now he tells us, that having been
prevented so long, we must look for some indemnity.
Mr. B. said he had his own views on the subject of
the chamcier and extentof the claims of our citizens
to indemnity. He admitted that war is not our
policy, and our history would prove that we had
never been guilty of any aggressive acts. Peace
is our true policy, and it is our duty to preserve
it. But Mexico, in this case, was the aggressor.
He desired peace, but he did not estimate the evils
of war to be so terrible as some have done. He
glanced at the cause of this war, 'to show that,
while it had been waged against the leaders, it had
produced no outrages on the people. He referred
to the proclamation prepared in Washington, and
sent to General Taylor, promising protection to
the people, in consequence of which they received
our troops joyfully. In case of peace, what is to
become of those persons who have been seduced
into allegiance to this country? It becomes our
duty to build up a government which will be able
to give protection when our troopsare withdrawn.
As to the withdrawal of our troops behind any
given line, its effect would be to render the war
interminable. The leading generals in Mexico
would never acquiesce in the constitution of 1834,
but would wage constant war, as soon as our army
should have ictired behind a line, fie declared he
would not give his consent to any treaty in which
the withdrawal of our troops was made a stipula-
tion. A majority of two-thirds of the Senate could
not be obtamed^in favor of such a treaty.
There is a party in Mexico inveterately opposed
