S52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15.
States, who voted against this preamble, and who
addressed the committee on yesterday evening for
one hour without saying a word on this point.
Mr. SIMS wished an opportunity to explain.
Mr. CROZIER signified his willingness to yield,
and wished to ask the gentleman a question. He
was very desirous to hear why Democrats voted
against the preamble.
Mr. SIMS said he voted against it, not because
lie disbelieved one word which was said in it, but
because he thought it was an improper mode of
doing business. ' He was for separating the mes-
sage—for referring so much of it as related to a
declaration of war to the Comrmittee on Foreign
Affairs, and let them propose a simple declaration
of war; and so much as related to raising troops
and munitions of war, to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. But, when both were put together,
he had no hesitation in voting for the bill.
Mr. CROZIER (resuming) was very happy to
hear the explanation of the gentleman, and, if fur-
nished in an authentic form, would be very happy
to put it in his speech. The gentleman from South
Carolina stated that he voted against the preamble
on a mere technicality, on the bill appropriating
fifty thousand men and ten millions of dollars for
the " vigorous prosecution'* of the war; the gen-
tleman was willing to vote the preamble out of the
bill, and on a mere technicality! The gentleman
took the same ground as his honorable colleague,
who addressed the committee some days since,
[Mr. Rhett.]
He would be glad to hear from other gentlemen
of the Democratic party who voted against the pre-
amble an explanation of their votes. He should
like to hear from the gentleman from Virginia (un-
derstood to refer to Mr. Bedinger) on this subject,
who was not in his seat now. That gentleman
addressed the House several days since for an
hour, but he likewise never said a word about his
vote against that preamble !
Now, so far as Mr. C. was concerned, the rea-
son was plain for his vote against the preamble.
He was opposed to it. He did not believe that
what it contained was true, and therefore he voted
against it. in this vote against it before the coun-
try he satisfied his conscience. Posterity would
know, everybody now knew, why the Whigs voted
against the preamble. They believed the declara-
tion contained in it to be a gross falsehood, and
they satisfied their consciences by voting against
it, and, having done so, they voted for the whole
bill, as, by the Democratic majority on this floor,
they were obliged to do, or to refuse to vote supplies
for our army in peril. He had reflected upon the
subject for nearly two years, and he could not act
differently were the question to come up again; he
would be compelled to vote in the same way. His
honorable colleague [Mr. Thomas] could not see
how the Whigs could vote for succors to General
Taylor; and held that, because they did not believe
the preamble to be true, they were not justified in
voting for the measure. Gentlemen on the other
side did not occupy the same ground at the last
session of Congress. He wanted to put one ques-
tion to his honorable colleague: if his friend at that
day did not believe it necessary that these troops
should be sent for the purpose of aiding General
Taylor, why was it (unless it were a simple act of
tyranny and despotism) that they pressed that bill
through in such hot haste and allowed not a word
to be said upon it?
If there was no necessity, as his colleague [Mr.
Thomas] had said, to vote troops to rescue Gen-
eral Taylor, why was the bill pressed through in
such hot haste? If this were so, and the Demo-
crats believed it, why did they refuse a fair expres-
sion of opinion on the subject? If General Taylor
had been overpowered and defeated, the gentleman
must remember there would have been absolute
necessity for raising another army immediately.
But even in view of such a case as this, they might
very reasonably have taken a day or two to delib-
erate upon the subject. But he had not done with
the President on this subject. The President of
the United States, in his message, states that there
were but fourteen votes in the House of Repre-
sentatives against the declaration that war existed
by the act of the Republic of Mexico, and the pro-
vision of means for its prosecution. Mark, but
fourteen votes against that provision. Now, he
would show the House that the President was
mistaken; for there were sixty-seven who voted
against it. It would be harsh in him to say that
the President had told a deliberate and premedi-
tated falsehood; that he had perpetrated an untruth;
but, if he were a friend of the President, he would
advise him not to be quite so careless in searching
the records, even when he attempted to tell the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,
for fear that his enemies might come to the con-
clusion that he had done it wickedly and malicious-
ly, and for fear that he might get his friends into
difficulty who took the statements of the President
as true, how false soever they might be. A man
should take care of his friends, if he had no regard
for his enemies.
Bat to pursue the subject further, and he must
run over the message of the President rapidly.
There were other reasons why the debate should
not have been closed so suddenly. The annual
message of the President of the United States was
a document of great interest to every citizen in this
vast republic. So interesting, indeed, was it, that
the utmost capacity of steam and of electricity was
resorted to to spread it through the entire republic;
and before the Clerk of this House had completed
its reading, it was in the hands of compositors in
printing offices, in part, a thousand miles off. It
was read, too, with the same impatient haste with
which it was transmitted; indeed the despatch in
its transmission was but evidence of the anxiety of
the reader to possess it; and yet, and it was a sin-
gular fact, there was no paper issued to the public
which was read so carelessly as the President's
message, and for the obvious reason that the peo-
ple necessarily supposed no statement would be
contained in it without the most positive assurance
of its truthfulness. In this fact there was an in-
ducement to members of this House to scrutinize
this message here, where there was both time and
opportunity to expose its errors. And on exam-
ining it, what did they find? Would it not be evi-
dent, whatever the President's professions might
be, that his design was to swallow the whole of
Mexico? Amongst the people there was much
speculation as to the object of the present war.
This was singular if the message was analyzed,
and no attention paid to the President's disclaim-
ers, which were only thrown out to gull persons
who are very gullible. For proof of the Presi-
dent's object in the further prosecution of the war,
he would read a few extracts. On page eight the
President says:
The comim-sionerof the United Staler was authorized
to agtee to the establishment of the Rio Grande as the bound-
ary, trom its enhance into the Gulf to its intersection with
the southern boundaiy of New Mexico, m north latitude
about thirty-two degrees, and to obtain a cession to the Uni-
ted States of the provinces of New M«xieo and the Califor-
nias, and the privilege of the right ot way across the isth-
mus of Tehuantepec. The boundary of the Rio Grande
and the cession to the United States of New Mexico and
Upper California constituted an ultimatum which ourcom-
imssioner was, under no circumstances, to yield."
Now, this was very plain. The commissioner
was instructed to obtain New Mexico and Upper
California; and what more did the President say
in this connection ?
"As the tenitory to be acquired by the boundary propos-
ed might be estimated to be of gieater value than a fair
equivalent for our just demands, our commissioner was au-
thorized to stipulate for the payment of such additional pe-
cuniary consideration as was deemed reasonable.7'
Yes, such pecuniary consideration as was deem-
ed reasonable! And report said that reasonable
sum was some fifteen or twenty millions of dol-
lars, in addition to some three or four millions
which are claimed as having been some time due
to our citizens. Here, then, was the President's
mode of obtaining indemnity for the past and se-
curity for the future. But he would travel a little
further to find what the President subsequently
demanded. On page 11 he says:
" Since the liberal proposition of tiie United States was
authorized to he made in Aptil la*t, largo expenditure* have
been incuired, and the precious blood ot many of our patri-
otic fellow-citizens has been shed in the prosecution of the
war. Tins consideration, and the obstinate peiseverance
of Mexico in protiacting Hie war, mu-.t influence the terms
of peace which it may be deemed propei hereafter to ac-
cept."
Now, then, more than New Mexico and Upper
California was demanded. And what was it?
Soon after the commencement of the war, New
Mexico and Upper California would ljave sufficed;
but now the President is not satisfied without a
larger portion of her territory. On page 12 he
says :
(i Early after the commencement oftlie war New Mexico
and the California were taken possession of by our forces.
Oilr military and naval commanders were ordered to con-
quer and hold them, subject to be disposed of by a treaty of
peace. These provinces are now in our undisputed occu-
pation, and have been so for many months, all resistance
on the part of Mexico having cea-ed within their limits. I
am satisfied that they should never be surrendered to Mex-
ico." *
Here, then, it seems that Lower California must
be taken as well as Upper, to satisfy the increased
demands of the President, who is desirous^ that
they " should never be surrendered to Mexico."
But what more does the President expect? On
page 15 he says :
"Witli-a people distracted and divided bv contending fac-
tions, and a government subject to constantchanges bysuc-
cessive revolutions, the continued successes of our arms may
fail to secure a satisfactory pcace. In such event it may be-
come proper foi our commanding generals in the field to give
encouragement and assurances of piotection to the friends of
peace in Mexico in the establishment and maintenance of a
free republican government of their own choice, able and
willing to conclude a peace which would be just to them and
secure to us the indemnity we demand."
Now, suppose the President could find a party
in Mexico to make a treaty of peace with us, such
a party would in all probability be in a minority;
but, even if it were in a majority, and we should
guaranty their power by our arms, would it make
a peace ? No; there would be no end to the war
until the present generation in Mexico shall have
passed away, and the memory of this war shall
have faded from them. Why, we have tried such
an experiment already. In 1835 we made a treaty
with the Cherokee Indians, and, though they are
more feeble than Mexico, yet from 1835 to 1848
the deadliest hostility has existed against those who
made it, notwithstanding the powerful influence of
the United States to make peacc between them.
And so it would be with'Mexico. But what next?
There it would be seen the President folds his arms
in despair of ever being able to obtain a peace:
" If,after affording this encouragement and protection,
and after all the persevering and sincere etlorts we have
made, from the moment Mexico commenced the war, and
prior to that time, to adjust our differences with h#r, we
shall ultimately fail, then we shall have exhausted ail hon-
orable means in pursuit of peace, and raa^t continue to oc-
cupy her country with our troops, taking the full measure of
indemnity into our own hands, and must enfoice the terms
which our honor demands."
Here the President's message indicates an in *
tention to absorb the whole of Mexico, as the only
means of getting a peace, or the termination of the
war which he commenced. It was plain to his
l (Mr. C.'s) mind, and it must be so to the minds
of other gentlemen who would reflect on this sub-
' ject, from all the evidence before them, that the
President had never desired to make peace with
Mexico. The President does not desire it at the
present time. He had not wished to obtain such
a result. The President knew well that the war
was prosecuted for party objects, and that its ter-
mination now would be destructive to his party;
hence he desirednts continuance during his Presi-
dency. It could be shown by the President's own
conduct that he had not desired peace. "What had
he done ? Why, the first thing he did was to order
our naval and military commanders to permit
Santa Anna to return to Mexico; and the President
told us when he got there we should have peace*
And what next did he do ? Why, he asked for
three millions of dollars, and every gentleman who
was present at that time knew with what an air of
authority an individual on that floor, speaking au-
thoritatively doubtless, told them that, if they
would grant the President those three millions of
dollars, we could have peace in sixty days. Yes;
he said he knew the fact. He had doubtless been
in the council chamber; he had seen letters from
friends of the President in Mexico, and he knew
for those three millions a peace could be obtained.
And how had that turned up? Why, instead of
; peace, it had only served to add fuel to'the fire, and
, made it burn more furiously; for the Mexicans saw
| that the President supposed he could buy them for
j three millions of dollars.
Well, what next? He sent a commissioner down
there. And who was he ? Why, a mere clerk in
one ofonr departments—the Department of State.
Now, what was the practice of nations when they
seek a peace with a belligerent nation? Did they
send clerks from their Executive departments—
even a chicf clerk? No; they sent men that were
not only known to their own nation, but to the
world—men who'had been employed in diplomacy
before—men who know something of the business
in which they were engaged—men, too, who carry
with them a moral influence. Our Piesident, how-
