THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
prInted and published at the city of washington, by BLAIR & rIves.
30th Congress, 1# Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18,1848.
New Series..'...No. 33.
ever, sent a mere clerk: and what had been the-
result of that attempt to secure a peace ? Why, as
every other ma^i except the President of the United
States knew it would: it ended in his repudiating
his own commissioner, who had been broken and
deprived of his clerkship here at home.
Now, could gentlemen think the President sin-
cere in his professed desire to make a peace with
Mexico? And what was to be the fate of this
nation if we shall not be able to make peace with
Mexico on the terms the President has heretofore
desired? He would not pretend to portray to the
committee what would be the result if we conquer
the whole of Mexico and annex it to this Union.
Political sages of this country have spoken on this
subject, and they have warned the nation of the
dangers to be apprehended from the experiment.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Sims]
yesterday told them that the speeches and addresses
of such men as Mr. Clay and Mr. Gallatin have
made no impression upon " young America." He
(Mr. C.) thought the gentleman was mistaken.
Those addresses would make an impression on
those who were blessed with ordinary intelligence.
They might not, to be sure, have much effect with
those who were imbued with a spirit of Q,uixotism,
which seemed to characterize the President of the
United States. Our Don Gluixotte, however, was
more fortunate than his prototype; for, while he
had but one Sancho Panza to follow in his steps,
and to wait upon his wishes, our President has a
host of Sancho Panzas, who would like to rule the
countries and islands he may conquer.
He was in hopes some gentleman who was
better able than he was would take up the message
of the President and scrutinize its assertions and
positions, for it could be done not only now but to
the end of the session. As his time was rapidly
passing away, he would but notice one other posi-
tion of that message. He referred the committee
to page 18, on which was the statement that, after
the adjournment of the last session of Congress—
on the 31st of March—the President issued an
order creating a tariff for Mexico. Why the
President had not submitted such apian to Con-
gress before its adjournment he was at a loss to
discover. The President, however, professed to
have guarded against making this tariff burden-
some on our soldiers and sailors who fight our
battles. He says:
"Onre was tukeu that Hie officers, soldiers, and sailors of
our airoy nud navy should bo exempted from tint operations
of the older; and a* ilio merchandise imported upon whieh
the order opeiated bo consumed by Mexican citizen-,
the contributions exacted vveie, in effect, the seizure of the
public revenues of Mexico, and the application of them to
our own use. In directing this measure, the object was to
compel the enemy to contribute, as far as practicable, to-
wards the expenses of the war."
~Bcing anxious to know more of this important
plan thun the President communicates, he turned
to the report of the Secretary of War, who has
this matter under hid control, and on page 573 he
found this passage:
*4 Whenever any goods are imported by Kutlar.s, and the
duties paid by them, as is required by these leguiations, and
when the sutler shall first piove to the satisfaction of the
commandant of the port That said sutler has actually sold
any of «aid identical goods so imported by him, to any
officer, soldier, sailor, or marine, for their own actual indi-
vidual Use and consumption, and not as merchandise for
resale, then and in that cas e the duties so actually paid on
said goods so sold to any officer, soldier, sailor, or marine,
as aforesaid, shall be refunded to said sutlers; but, before
refunding the money j-o collected, it shall be the duty of the
council of administration, winch, under the direction of the
commandant ofthe post, fixes the priee of sutlers' goods, m
deicumning the priee of any of said goods so sold as afore-
said by them, to deduct the duty so paid from the price,
with a view to avoid imposing any of (he buiden* o( the
duties herein prescribed upon the army or navy of the
Union. And all officers' individual stores introduced for
their own actual use, and equipments required by law, are
exempt from duty."
The money, then, was to be refunded to the
soldier and sailor, which, it struck him, it would
be difficult to reduce to practice so as to save the
soldiers and sailors from paying this contribution
to sustain the war, and therefore, as a member of
the Committee on Expenditures of the War De-
partment, he addressed a letter to the Secretary of
War, requesting him to inform the committee what
23
sums had been refunded to sutlers under the 13th
article of instructions from the War Department.
To that letter the Secretary replied. And how
much did the committee suppose had b.een returned
to sutlers at Vera Cruz ? Why, while the amount
reported to have been collected to the 31st October
was $297,473 10, the sum refunded was the pitiful
amount of $153 67.
And in his letter, the Secretary told the commit-
tee he did not know whether thatamounthad been
refunded to sutlers. He says:
" It is not known whether Messrs. Robinson and Wood-
ruff, at Vera Cruz, were actual sutlers to the 3d regiment of
Illinois volunteers; but as it appears from the return made
that the sum reminded to them was for goods so!d to that
regiment, it is probable they were."
Such was the caution and care exercised by the
President to guard our officers, soldiers, and sail-
ors, from contributing to the military contributions
imposed on Mexico. At Matamoros and Saltillo,
it did not appear that a single dollar had been re-
funded. The whole amount refunded at Tampico
barely exceeded $7,200. A few days ago, a gentle-
man from Mississippi, in addressing the committee,
spoke of the tariff of 1842 taxing the shirts, hats,
coats, and other useful and necessary articles of
the farmer; but here it was seen that the Presi-
dent taxed the officers and soldiers and sailors,
while they were engaged in fighting this glorious
war.
He should now pass to another message of the
President of the United States—that in whicli he
gave his refusal to furnish the instructions with
which Mr. Slidell went to Mexico, for which this
House, by resolution, had called. And what were
the President's reasons for his refusal? He said
it would be inconsistent with the public interests
to comply. Now, the President, in his (Mr. C.'s)
opinion, had not one inch of ground to stand upon
for the justification of his refusal. What did Mr.
Slidell go to Mexico for? To settle the boundary
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, a tract
of country which no man there would care to pos-
sess. And what else? To obtain the pitiful sum
of three millions of dollars from Mexico, that be-
ing the amount of the claims of our citizens against
her. Well, was there anything in either of these
matters of negotiation that required to be kept
secret? The territory itself was worthless, so that
the three millions was the most important subject;
and what was there m that that required so much
secrecy? Nothing that he could by any possi-
bility sec. Since that time, too, our relations had
changed. Then we were in a state of peace; now
we are in a state of war. Now we are negotiating
at the point of the bayonet and the mouth of the
cannon; then no hostilities had been commenced.
What, then, was the reason for which the Pres-
ident of the United States kept from Congress the
instructions given to Mr. Slidell? There was
nothing in the public interests that could be inju-
riously affected by it. Did the President send by
Mr. Slidell an ultimatum, and was that the reason?
Why, an ultimatum was sent by Mr. Tristj and
that had been furnished. The President, by a
message received a few days since, informed them
that his ultimatum was New Mexico and Upper
California. Why, then, he repeated, should the
President keen secret the instructions given to Mr.
Slidell, when tie tells us what were the instructions
given to Mr. Trist? The gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] who addressed the committee on
this subject a few days ago, it appeared to him,
had struck upon the correct conclusion. That
gentleman believed the President would not fur-
nish those instructions because they would crimi-
nate himself, which a criminal in our courts was
not required to do. It was not the public interests,
then, that would be injured by a compliance, but the
crimination of the President would be the result.
That was the only rational conclusion to which
they could come in regard to it. It was a well-
known principle, that when a party had testimony
in his power which he would not produce, it
would be taken as operating against him, for it
was reasonable to suppose that if it would go in
his justification he would produce it.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama,f&t obtained tfie
floor. He said, that for several days he had been
endeavoring to get the floor at night-fall,.that he
might have the morning for his speech; but he" had
been unsuccessful, and hence he had availed him-
self of this opportunity to make some remarks oft
the question pending before this committee. JEie
had desired, before this debate closed, to submit
some remarks in reply to the very elaborate state-
ment of the chairman of the committee of Ways
and Means. He had also desired to reply to some
comments which fell from the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Tompkins,] in the course of a speech
which he made on this floor; but he had now great-
er interests of the country to attend to, and there-
fore he should confine his remarks to the bill before
them. He should defer his reply to the gentleman
from Mississippi to some other occasion; but at
the first convenient moment, he intended to com-
ment on that gentleman's remarks, and in such a
manner as to make himself distinctly understood.
He did not ordinarily indulge in harsh terms
towards any member. It was not his habit to do
so. He certainly should not do so now, but ad-
dress hirftsclf to the positions of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means respecting the
bill under consideration. And what an extraordi-
nary spectacle had been exhibited to the country
and to the, world by that honorable gentleman!
Here was a bill which that gentleman, with the
aid of his friends, had framed, not only as to the
amount, but the details also; and yet, after framing
it, he was himself the very first to assail it, and
to present insuperable objections to its passage.
What were we to understand by that? Was it
that this House was merely to register the recom-
mendations of the Administration ? Or were they
to carry out what they believed to be proper in the
discharge of their solemn trust as Representatives
of the people? The gentleman from Ohio said,
that he moved to reduce the amount of the loan
from #18,500,000 to §16,000,000, not on his own
judgment, but in pursuance of an Executive recom-
mendation; and went on in his remarks to say, that
he believed that $16,000,000 would not be sufficient
to carry the Government forward, but that from
twenty to twenty-five millions would be necessary.
Now, he put it to the gentleman from Ohio and to
the committee, and asked what system of political
morals was thnt by which the chairman of thft
Committee of Ways and Means, under all his
multiplied obligations as a member of the House
and the? head of one of its most important commit-
tees, could come here and repoit a bill, which, in
his conscience, he believed to be insufficient for the
purposes of the Government? Did the honorable
gentleman from Ohio desire to stop the wheels of
the Government? Was he willing to yield up his
own opinions to the Executive or the Secretary of
the Treasury? If he was not, why had he not
brought in a bill according to his own judgment,
asking the House to give twenty or even twenty-
five millions, if he thought so much was required ?
But the gentleman from Ohio did not, in every
respect, confine himself to the recommendations of
the Executive; for while he seemed, in this instance,
to be willing to consent to the amount recommended
by the Secretary ofthe Treasury, he was not will-
ing to yield to the balance ofthe recommendations;
and thus he presents a bill of such a character that
its paternity could not be determined. That gen-
tleman argued that we could not get the money,
because of the pecuniary pressure under which
the country was laboring: would he, then, tell the
committee why lie had changed the character of
the bill from that which was recommended by the
Executive, giving the alternative between treasury
notes and stork ?
Mr. VINTON. Will_ the gentleman give me
permission to interrupt him? __
Mr. HOUSTON. I will, if the time will not be
deducted from my hour.
The CHAIRMAN replied that no such arrange-
ment could be entered into. ... . .
Mr. HOUSTON, then, could not consent to
yield the floor. .
Mr. VINTON, however, was heard to remark,
