858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
October and November, 1846, was only $1,688,-
430j while in October and November, 1847, it
amounted to $4,400,000—showing a balance in fa-
vor of the latter period of $2,711,520. This shows
most conclusively that the goods which usually-
come into the country in the autumn were either
kept back or were not brought into the market till
after the 1st of December, when the reduced duties
took effect. It further appears, by the table of the
Secretary, that the importations, and, consequent-
ly, the revenue of the quarter ending September
30, 1846, were materially reduced by the passage
of the tariff of July of that year. The revenue for
that quarter was only $6,153,826, while the aver-
age revenue for the same quarters for the two pre-
ceding years was $9,867,825; showing a falling off
of $3,713,999 from the average, This falling off
in the revenue of the September quarter, and of
the months of October and November, 1846, can
be accounted for on no other principle than the
effect of the tariff of that year. And yet, with
these facts before them, the President of the Uni-
ted States and'his free-trade Secretary came before
the country with a comparison of the year ending
'December 1, 1846, and the year ending December
1, 1847, as containing- a just illustration of the two
tariff systems; a comparison the fallacy of which
must be obvious to the most superficial observer.
I have already shown, that with an increased
importation of §35,466,788 above the average of
the three preceding years, the revenue of 1847 had
fallen more than $3,000,000 below the average of
those years; and that if the tariff of 1842 had been
in operation daring the year 1847, with the same
importations, we should have realized a net reve-
nue of more than $36,000,000; showing a loss by
the tariff of 1846 of more than $12,000,000. But
the Secretary ascribes this increased importation to
the reduction of duties. That the reduction of
duties might contribute in some small degree to
the increased importation, I am ready to admit;
bui that this is the principal cause, no man ac-
quainted with the subject can believe for a single
moment. ^ The simple fact that our increased ex-
port consisted almost entirely of provisions, shows
us the true cause of our augmented imports^and
exports; and, unless the tariff of 1846 had power
over the seasons, and actually scattered blight,
mildew, and famine from its wings, it had but Ju-
lie to d.o with our increased export for the last
year. But, notwithstanding these plain and pal-
pable facts, the Secretary informs us that the ex-
port of domestic products, exclusive of gold and
silver, in 1847, exceeded that of 1846 by more than
forty-eight per cent.; and he has given us a table
carrying this increase up to 1850, at which period
our export will peach $488,445,056! I have no
disposition to disturb these pleasing dreams of the
honorable Secretary; but I believe that he is the
only man, even in the present Administration, who
would parade such visionary speculations in an
official document.
I have, Mr. Chairman, thus far confined myself
mainly to the receipts and expenditures of the past
and present fiscal years. But, as we are now called
upon to provide for the next fiscal year, it may be
well to look into futurity, and ascertain as weli as
. we may, what will be the probable expenditure
for the next year. We have the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury, covering those of the
different departments, and it seems peculiarly for-
tunate that he is able to reduce the expenditures
very much in proportion to the increase of the 1
force called out. We have already seen the actual
expense for the year ending June 30, 1847, and
the estimated expenditures for 1848; and I will
now call your attention to the estimates for the
year ending June 30, 1849, and that they may be
seen at a glance, I will place them together:
Actual expenditures for year ending June 30,1847,959 451 177
E-tnuufrd " " " 1848 "58,615?660
Estimated « « « 1S49 55,641941
It will be seen that Mr. Walker's estimated ex-
penditures are based on a sliding scale, similar to
the British corn laws, where the duty is reduced
■with the increase of the price. Our force in the
field is constantly increasing, and yet our estimated
expenditures arc reduced from year to year—the
cost of the service for 1849 being #3,806,236 less
than the actual expenditures for 1847, though the
force is much greater. Such is the picture pre-
sented to us by the official documents. But every
man who will take the trouble to examine the
subject, will be satisfied that the estimate for the
present and for the next fiscal year is altogether too
low. There appears to be a systematic attempt,
on the part of the Executive department, to reduce
the estimates to the lowest possible point—not,
however, as it would seem, from a conviction that
the sum estimated will meet the wants of the ser-
vice, but with a knowledge that if greater expenses
are incurred, Congress cannot refuse to make ap-
propriations to pay just debts. I speak advisedly
when I make this remark.
Agreeably to law and usage, the officers of the
different bureaus make out their estimates for
the coming year, and submit them to the head
of the department. These estimates for the next
fiscal year have undergone an unusual degree of j
pruning. In confirmation of this, I will state a j
fact which will illustrate the principle, and show !
the reliance which may be placed upon the esti-
mates. The Quartermaster General, on the 4th of
November, submitted to the Secretary of War an
estimate of expenditures in his department for the
next fiscal year. The Secretary returned the esti-
mates, with a request that they be reduced. The
Quartermaster General complies with his request,
and, on the 15th of November, submits his revised
estimates, saying he has made " considerable re-
ductions." He says, however, that his first esti-
mates u were made out from data derived from
the experience of the last year." lie then adds:
u Whether these reductions be judicious, time
' must determine. 1 would not have ventured to
i make them, but for the fact that two sessions of
1 Congress will have terminated before the expira-
* tion of the fiscal year for which the estimates
1 now submitted, have been made. The sums asked
4 for arrearages for the present fiscal year are not
4 more, I am persuaded, than will be icquired."
Here, sir, it will be seen that the Quartermaster
General, in his second estimates, virtually admits
that they are too low—lower than the service, in
his opinion, will justify. In fact, he was so well per-
suaded that his estimates were too low, that he says
he would not have ventured to make them, but for
the fact that he could come in at the next session,
and ask foradditionalappropnations. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, being desirous of obtain-
ing all the information requisite to a proper under-
standing of the subject on which they were called
to act, addressed a note to the Secretary of War,
asking him for the original estimates of the Quar-
termaster General. When the original estimates
were sent us, we found that it was literally true
that he had made "considerable reductions."
And what do you suppose, Mr. Chairman, they
were? How much do you suppose was cut off? !
I will tell you: the modest little sum of §7,901,2001
But he does it under protest, declaring that he be-
lieves it will be wanted, as he founded his esti-
mates upon the experience of the last year.
Again, sir: the Secretary of the Navy gives us
an estimate of $10,905,558; but, after this estimate
had been in the hands of the committee some six
weeks, the Secretary of the Navy comes forwaid
and! informs us that we can reduce the estimate
$1,500,000, without any detriment to the public ;
service. And what reason does the honorable ,
Secretary offer in support of this reduction? What i
new discovery had he made? Why, he had dis- j
covered just what he must have known when he ,
made his estimates—that certain unexpended bal- \
ances would come over from the last year. But |
would he reduce t!fe actual expenditure by this i
means? Not m the least. It would show less on !
paper; but, whether the $1,500,000 were drawn i
from the treasury under the law of last year or j
this, the sum would be the same, and the means '
must be provided in the one case as much as m !
the other. i
I have stated these facts, not because I am op- !
posed to reduction, but because 1 am opposed to ;
imposition. I have stated them to show that there !
is a systematic attempt to make the appropriations I
as small as possible. I do not believe that redu- j
cing the appropriations will reduce the expendi- j
tures, on the whole, one mill. I am perfectly j
satisfied that there is a great unwillingness on the I
part of the Executive to have the enormous ex- i
penditures of this war known at the present time. I
But the President does not wish to be behindhand j
in the good work of retrenchment,-or to be out- j
done by his Secretaries ; and consequently lie j
comes m and proposes to cut off the paltry sum '
of some $J8,500 from the grants made to the i
poor Indians for the purposes of education! In !
several of the treaties made with the different tribes,
there is a provision that certain sums shall be paid
to them annually, at the pleasure of the President,
for their education and civilization. The different
denominations of Christians who support their
missionaries among these tribes have received from
the Government a portion of ihe^e funds, which
they expend for schools among the tribes, and ac-
count to this Government for the manner in which
it is expended. The Presbyterians, I am informed,
expend two dollars of their.own money, for the.
purposes of education, for every dollar they receive
from the Government; the Baptists expend about
I one dollar of their funds for every dollar they re-
! ceivefrom the public treasury; and the Methodists,
who always act as pioneers m every good enter-
prise, expend their money in aiding the Govern-
ment to instruct these unfortunate children of the
forest. And while these heralds of peace and sal-
vation are willing to spend and be spent in the glo-
rious cause, civilizing the untutored savages, and
opening to their dark and benighted minds the
glories of immortality, the President of the United
States comes forward, and, taking advantage of a
clause in the treaties in which a confidence is re-
posed in him, proposes to strike out these small
appropriations granted to them'for a valuable
consideration. The Executive of a people call-
ing themselves Christian appears to be unwilling
that the ministration of life should be dispensed
among the savages in our own country; he wants
the money to dispense the ministration of death
among the savages in Mcxico. He wants al!
the resources of this country.to convert, sword
in hand, the wretched hordes of Mexico, not to
Christianity, but to citizens of the United States—a
nation which has spread slaughter through their
country, and treated them, as they believe, with
the greatest injustice.
Here, Mr. Chairman, a question naturally arises,
why the Administration wish at the present time
to reduce the appropriations? Their motives are
m their own breasts. I am satisfied of the fact,
for they have revealed it; but they have not dis-
closed the motive. But, being a Yankee, I shall
claim the prerogative of a Yankee, and guess the
reason. An important election is approaching,
and the Administration do not wish to have the
j troublesome question of the expenses of the war
i brought before the people in the next Presidential
| contest. They know that, before we shall assemble
here again, that question will have been decided one
way or the other, and that, at that time, they may
safely come forward and ask us to appropriate, not
fourteen millions of dollars to supply deficiencies,
but thrice that sum. This is my solution of that
question; and, if any friend of the President on
this floor thinks me uncharitable, I will ask him
whether he had not a little rather that these heavy
appropriations should be put off till the next ses-
sion. I know he had. If he is frank and candid
he will admit it.
But, sir, all thes^ artful attempts to blind the
eyes of the people will not avail. The note of
alarm shall be sounded, and the people shall know
the fraud that is attempted to be played off upon
them. The estimates that are presented are be-
yond all question too low; and, if this miserable
war continues, we shall find it so. That we may
see what demands the Administration are making
upon the taxpayers of this country, I will present
a statement of what they ask, directly and by im-
plication.
They ask us to appropriate certain specific sums,
and these sums will involve others which are not
specified; and these incidental expenses will in-
crease with the continuance of the war. The de-
ficiencies for this year are already ascertained to be
more than $14,000,000, and it will be perfectly
safe to set down the deficiencies for the next year
at $16,000,000. The account, then, will stand
thus :
Appropriations asked for $-55,644,941
Appropriations to supply deficiencies this year. 14>20,U40
Deficiencies next year  16^000,000
$85,864,981
Here we have direct and tangible appropriations
for $85,864,900, in round numbers. But this is
not all : they ask us to grant them ten new regi-
ments of regulars, which cannot be enlisted, trans-
ported to M'extco, and supported there for a year,
judeing from the expenses of the past, short of
§9,000,000. Then they ask for authority to cull
out twenty regiments of volunteers, which, as it
