1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
may in some degree save the expense of recruit-
ing, I wiil set down at $17,500,Q0Q. If we com-
ply with the request of the Executive, and grant
him ail the force he asks, and this force should be
called into service, the account would starrd as
follows:
Appropriations as above $85,884,981
Ten new regiments of regulars  9,000,000
Twenty regiments of volunteers    17,500,000
$112,364,981
Here we have the round 3um of §112,000,000;
and who will say that this statement is exagger-
ated ? Let the whole force now asked for be called
out, and let the regiments now in the field be filled
up, and every dollar of this sum will be required.
There arealso several sources of expenditure which
have not been taken into this account, and which
will be constantly increasing. If we go on bor-
rowing money, the interest on the public debt will
make no inconsiderable sum. The pension list
will be constantly increasing, and before the end
of the year, the numerous private claims for in-
juries sustained in and by the war, will begin to
come in, and the scrip which the discharged sol-
diers will receive instead of their land bounty will
be in the character of a public debt, on which in-
terest must be paid. The exhausted arsenals must
be replenished, and a thousand other charges inci-
dent to a war must betaken into the account. The
incidental expenses of the Florida war, nor the war
of 1832, nor even the war of the Revolution, areas
yet all ascertained: so some of the expenses of this
Mexican war will remain unpaid for a half cen-
tury. *
And while these enormous appropriations arc
asked for, and this vast amount is to be expended
in a foreign country, but very little regard is paid
to the interests of our own. While the Executive
is wasting millions to destroy property abroad, he
deries to Congress the right of saving property at
home; while ho is slaughtering Mexican soldiers,
he will not allow us to save the lives of American
seamen. When bills are passed to improve our
harbors and rivers, to save the property of our citi-
zens and the lives of our seamen, the President
turns round and tells us that we have no right to
improve our own country, or save the lives of our
own people.
Now, sir, in view of our present financial con-
dition, what is the duty of the Administration?
To go on borrowing money, and so entail upon
our posterity a heavy national debt? No policy
can be morn unwise. Every generation, as far as
possible, should bear its own burdens, and pay its
own debts. Our country is amply able to support
a war on any reasonable scale; and they will do it
cheerfully, if they believe the war to be just and
necessary. Why, then, do not the Administration
come out at once and recommend taxation? Our
tariff can be so modified as to give ten or twelve mil-
lions of revenue more than we are now receiving,
and at the same time protect our own labor, stim-
ulate our own industry, and develop our own re-
sources. This is what every enlightened statesman
would recommend. And then we should impose
a direct tax, apportioned among the States agree-
ably to the principles of the Constitution. But
while our expenses are increasing, the Adminis-
tration take no measures to increase our revenue;
recommend nothing but a paltry tax upon tea and
coffee. And why do they pursue this narrow, this
cowardly policy? The Democracy in their con-
ventions declare that free trade and direct taxation
are the basis of their theory. Why, then, do not
the Administration comeoutand recommend direct
taxes at once? The money will be needed. Fifty
millions in addition to all our ordinary revenue will
not be sufficient to carry us to the close of the next
fiscal year. ^ And why, I ask again, does not the
President direct his fiscal agent, the Secretary of
the Treasury, to ask for a direct tax of fifty mil-
lions of dollars ?
The reason is obvious. He knows that the mo-
ment the people are called upon in this manner to
support the war, they will besin to inquire more
fully into its character, and the object for which it
is prosecuted; and that such an inquiry would end
in his own condemnation. He knows, too, that
those States which are the most clamorous for the
war, would be totally unable to pay their portion
of the tax. I ha\eapportioned fifty millions among
the several States agreeably to the federal basis,
which I will present to the committee:
Jin apportionment of fifty mil ions upon the several States,
agreeably to the constitutional basis.
Maine  7 RepresentaUves, $1,535,088
"n h5"~ * 877,193
877,193
2,192,983
438,597
877,193
7,456,140
1,096,490
5,263,158
219,298
1,315,790
3,289,474
1,973,684
1,535,088
1,754,386
1,535,088
877,193
877,193
4,605,263
2,192,983,
2,418,280
2,192.983
l,535j03 
1,096,490
219,298
657,895
219,298
438,597
438,597
New Hampshire 4
Vermont    4
Massachusetts 10
Rhode island   2
Connecticut 4
New York   34
New Jersey  5
Pennsylvania   24
Delaware  1
Maryland  6
Virginia 15
North Carolina 9
South Cajolina   .. 7
Georgia  8
Alabama  7
Mississippi  4
Louisiana  4
Ohio 21
Kentucky, t 10
Tennes&ee II
Indiana 10
Illinois  7
Missouri  5
Arkansas  1
Michigan  3
Flmida  1
Texas 2
Iowa  2
2-28
$50,000,0.)0
How would the Democracy of the Keystone
State be pleased with the idea of paying $5,263,000?
Could they inscribe that upon their banners, and
fight as manfully as they did under the banner of
"Polk, Dallas, and the Tariff* of 184SWhat
would the warlike gentlemen from Maryland say
to a tax of $1,315,000, in addition to the burdens
they are now called to bear? What opinion of the
war would be entertained by the good people of
Alabama if it was brought home to them by a tax
of $1,535,000 in a single year? Illinois would not
find it cxactly convenient to pay $1,535,000, nor
Indiana to pay $2,192,000, annually. The sum
of #657,000 would, 1 apprehend, full rather heavily
upon Michigan, and $219,000 would remind Ar-
kansas that the sinews of war were as troublesome
as the war itself. The people of Texas would find
the glory of the war a poor investment, when they
were required to pay $438,000 as the purchase
money. I might mention Mississippi and Florida,
and several ■ other States, upon whom this tax
would be rather oppressive; but as they are clam-
orous for the war, they ought to be willing to bear
their share of the burden. Particularly should the
Democracy of these States advocate direct taxa-
tion, because they are in favor of the war, and of
this mode of raising the means.
But, Mr. Chairman, the fact is, that neither the
Administration nor their friends upon this floor
dare recommend direct taxes. They know that
the people in those States most clamorous for the
war, would not sustain it for a single day, if they
thought that they must come forward and pay
their fair proportion of its burdens. If such a tax
were imposed, we should be compelled to with-
draw our army from Mexico, not only because we
should not be able to support them there, but be-
cause they would be needed to suppress insurrec-
tions, which such a tax would produce.
But this fact is a striking commentary upon the
character of the war, and of the Administration
which have wantonly involved us in it. The Amer-
ican people are not wanting in patriotism. They
stand ready at all times to sustain the Government
in war, whatever may£e the amount of taxes,
provided they believe the war to be just and neces-
sary. The very fact that the Administration dare
not propose a direct tax is a clear confession that
they know the war is unpopular with the people.
They know that they have plunged the nation into
a war without just cause, and now they attempt to
avoid the responsibility, and put off the day of
reckoning by throwing the burdens of this war
upon those that come after them. Our fathers be-
stowed upon us, their children, the rich inherit-
ance of freedom; but the present Administration
will, I fear, leave to their successors nothing but
tarnished honor and a heavy national debt.
Mr. NICOLL then got the floor, but yielded to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who moved that
the committee rise; on which motion a quorum
did not vote.
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to call
the roll, in compliance with the 126th rule, which
requires the Chairman to have the roll called, and
" the names of theabsentees reported to the House,
to be entered on the Journal.'1
The committee then rose, and the Chairman re-
ported in accordance with the said rule." '
Mr. RICHARDSON moved a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was decided in the negative; "Yeas
35, nays 80. ' ' •
Mr. RICHARDSON then withdrew his motion
for a call of the House, and the committee re-
sumed its session.
Mr. NICOLL Jhfen addressed the committee, at
a late hour, in a financial speech, of which We at-
tempt to give but a bare Outline. He expressed
the embarrassment which he felt in rising to ad-
dress the committee upon the subject before them*
and the reluctance which, had he consulted his
personal feelings, would have prevented him from
taking part in the discussion; but referred to the
fact of his being a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and of his representing in part
the great commercial metropolis of the country,
which was so sensitively alive to everything done
in Congress upon the finances of the country, and
so deeply interested in having their action discreet,
proper, and so directed as to interfere as little as
possible with the great monetary affairs of the
country, as "his apology for troubling the com-
mittee.
He referred to the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, in his late annual message, for a loan of
eighteen and a half millions—viz: for deficiency
fifteen and a half, and for a surplus to be reserved
in the treasury, three millions, (which amount re-
commended had subsequently been reduced to six-
teen millions)—as the basis of this bill. The
President had accompanied the recommendation
with a suggestion, which was reiterated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, that the proper course
to negotiate this loan would be similar to that in
which the loan of last session was negotiated, viz:
by the issue of treasury notes, fundable in six
per cent, stock, redeemable after twenty years.
The Administration also recommended a tax upon
tea and coffee of twenty-five per centum. That
was the plan of the Administration. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had not seen fit to
adopt it, but in lieu of it proposed a simple l<5an
of sixteen millions of six per cent, stock, redeem-
able after twenty years, not to be negotiated below
par. The minority of the committee had embodied
the suggestions of the President in a substitute
which they reported. That was the difference be-
tween the two plans.
He confessed that when the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Vinton]
opened the debate, he had expected to hear from
htm a full exposition of the reasons which had in-
duced the committee to give their preference to the
bill reported by him. He considered that the mi-
nority of this House, and the Government, after
having so deliberately recommended a plan that
seemed to them feasible, had a right to expect to
hear the reasons for this rejection of their plan and
the substitution of another. But, so far as he was
able to understand the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, he had given no reasons for
this change. He seemed rather to have been oc-
cupied in endeavoring to show that an egregious
error had been committed by the Administration
in estimating that only sixteen millions would be
required to make up the deficiency in the estimates
for the present fiscal year. He thought the hon-
orable chairman would have been more wise had
he attempted to show to the House how he in-
tended to raise the means required to carry on the
Government. He (Mr. N.) submitted, that the
course taken by him would not be very likely to
facilitate this object; that the capitalists of the
country would not be very likely to be induced to
take the loan by statements so exaggerated in regard
to the wants of the Government.
He should proceed to show that, in his judg-
ment, no error had been committed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in asking for a loan of sixteen
millions; in other words, that there would be no
real existing deficiency, so far as any reliance
could be placed on estimates, on the 1st of July
next, of over $13,000,000; and that a loan for that
amount, and for a surplus in the treasury of
$3,000,000, would be amply sufficient. ^
In minutely examining the different points made
by Mr. Vinton, and in defence of the Secretary
of the Treasury, he first noticed the remarks of
Mr. V. with reference to the over-estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the receipts into the
