362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
constitutionally imposed, or institutions be provided for or
established, inconsif tent with the n«ht of the people theieof
to form ft free sovereign State, with the powers am! privi-
lege* of the original members of the Confederacy.
'Resolved, That in organizing a territorial government for
temtory belonging to the United States, the principles of
self-government, upon which our federative system rests,
wilt be best promoted, the true spirit and meaning of the
Constitution be observed, and the Confederacy strengthened,
by leavuis all questions concerning the domestic policy
therein to the Legislatures chosen by the people thereof.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Yulee is to
strike out all after the word " resolved," and in-
sert:
That the territory belonging to or which may be acquired
by the United btates is the common property of the Union,
arid the sovereignty over the same vests in the people of the
several States composing the Union.
Resolucd, further, That the Federal Governmeut has no
delegated authority nor the territorial community any inhe-
rent rii ht to exercise any legislative power within the said
territories by which the equal iii?ht of all the citizens of the
United States to acquire and enjoy any part of the common
pioperty may be impaired or embarrassed.
Mr. YULEE resumed his argument, and went
on to show that the right to regulate the question
of slavery in the States and Territories resided ex-
clusively in the people of those States and Terri-
tories.
Before he had concluded—
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force.
Mr. UPHAM expressed a doubt whether he
could throw any additional light on the subject,
but he could not, on this important subject, con-
tent himself with a silent vote.
In voting against the bill, he disclaimed any in-
tention to embarrass the military operations of the
Government. He did not agree with the chairman
of the Military Committee that this bill might be
regarded as common ground on which both par-
ties might unite. Mr. U. thought differently. He
thought we were treading on dangerous ground,
and *ve were placing our own institutions in dan-
ger. While we reproach European Powers for
the dismemberment of Saxony and of Poland, we
ourselves are marching to the cry of " onward" to
the dismemberment of' Mexico, to force our free
institutions on a people not prepared for their re-
ception, and utterly opposed to them. It had been
thrown out that it was intended to destroy the
nationality of Mexico.
Mr. FOOTE disclaimed for himself, and so far
as he had heard, for other Senators on his side of
the Chamber, any intention to absorb all Mexico.
He was opposed to such an idea, and he had gone
as far as any one. But if that country should be
forced on us, we must educe all the good we can
from it.
Mr. UPHAM read an extract from the printed
speech of Mr. Cass.
Mr. CASS said, he would now, for the third or
fourth time, say, that "he was entirely opposed to
the annexation of the whole of Mexico.
Mr. UPHAM resumed, and referred to the tend-
ency of the remarks and movements of Senators, |
especially the resolutions submitted by Mr. Han- ;
ndgan and Mr. Dickinson, and also to the j
speeches of some of our military officers, indicating !
a design to denationalize and annex Mexico. He !
remarked on the denunciations by Colonel Mor- \
gan and others against those who oppose the i
war. Every man who opposes the war is de- !
nounced as a traitor at heart. He adverted to the !
speech of Commodore Stockton, in which it was !
asserted that it was our duty to conquer all Mex-
ico. He quoted various toasts given at festivals,
all looking to the same object, such as " Our des-
tiny—we may as well begin with Mexico."
" No pent up fJuca contracts our power?,
But the whole boundless continent is curs."
He regretted to see these indications of such a
design, ft was at variance with the spirit and
genius of our institutions. He reviewed the course
of argument adopted in the formation of the Con-
stitution, to show that there could be found therein
nothing to wairant the policy which had now been
adopted. He reprobated the war on the freedom
of speech announced by the President in his mes-
sage, m which be denounced ail who oppose the
war as giving " aid and comfort to the enemy,"
and asguilty of treason to their country. If the war ;
could not stand up against opposition—if it could j
not meet the open day—it was an aigument against i
its justice. The Constitution proscribes the pus- !
sage of any law to restrict the freedom of speech,
or the freedom of the press. These privileges he
held up as inseparable from the security of our in-
stitutions. And if this war could not stand up
against it, it ought to be abandoned at once. The
Senator from Illinois had quoted from sermons and
newspapers of 1812, to show the denunciations
which were pronounced against that war. But
he (Mr. U.) could see no bearing which it had on
this war, or for what purpose these extracts were
read. That Senator said the war of 1812 and the
present war were declared precisely in the same
manner. He compared the messages of Mr. Madi-
son and Mr. Polk,to show their entire dissimilarity.
Mr. Madison appealed to Congress to adopt such
a course as he indicated, but Mr. Polk sent a mes-
sage announcing that " war exists." There was
no analogy between the two cases. In the first
case, it became a war of the people; in the last, it
was a war of the President. Some of the supplies
were opposed in 1812 on the ground, that being a
maritime war, they ought to be supplies for the
navy, and not for the army.
He estimated the present force in Mexico at
sixty-five thousand, as was stated in the report of
the Adjutant General. If the two bills which have
been reported shall become laws, we shall have one
hundred thousand men in the field. He stated that
the troops under this bill could not be in Mexico
for the present campaign, and, therefore, there was
no immediate urgency for its passage. And if its
passage was only desired to gratify the host of
hangers-on who are seeking for commissions, he
was not disposed to hurry it through.
Referring to the opinions of General Scott and
General Taylor, as to the amount of force requi-
site for all the purposes indicated, he asked why
these regiments weie lequiied in such haste? It
had been laid down as a test of patriotism to sup-
port all the measures of the Administration, and it
was regarded as treason to oppose them. Pie was
always ready to stand by the country, but he re-
garded the interests of the country as very distinct
from the interests of the Administration. If he
were to go home and tell his constituents that he
voted for the ten-iegiment bill because it was
recommended by the President, and not that he
thought it best for the country, they would tell him
that he was sent here to act on his own judgment
and discretion, and not as the echo of the Admin-
istration; and that, as he had sustained measures
which were not, in his opinion, callcd for by the
interests of the country, he was no longer worthy
of confidence.
He then went into a review of the course which
had been taken by the Administration previous to
the commencement of the war, for the purpose,of
showing that we had shifted our ground and
changed our views, and that Mexico had been very
consistent and firm in refusing to dismember her
temtory. She had submitted a proposition which
embraced a large cession of territory, but her offer
was rejected, and the war recommenccd. Since
that tune, it had been prosecuted for new objects.
He had voted for the supplies asked by the law of
May, 1846, on the faith of the message of the
President, and relying on the facts put forth in that
document, the printing of which was refused before
the passage of the bilH It was stated m that mes-
sage, that the Mexicans had invaded the territory
of the United States, and that American blood had
been shed on American soil, and he accordingly
voted for the bill. The tiuth of the preamble had
been doubted by Congress—that is, there was no
evidence to prove the fact that war existed. It
had been asserted that the preamble had been
adopted with only two opposing votes in the Sen-
ate and a few in the House, while the fact is, that
several Senators retired, in order that they might
not vote, and in the House there were sixty-seven
votes recorded against the preamble.
The proposition introduced by the Senator from
Georgia, specifying the objects for which the war
should be prosecuted, and which amendment,
sustained by ali the Whig Senators, was voted
down, exhibited his views. He was willing to
vote supplies for^a war prosecuted for these ob-
jects; but now that there has been an introduction
of new objects which he could not approve, he
could not vote for the bill.
As to the origin of the war, it was an usurpa-
tion of the President; and he charged all the waste
of blood and treasure which had ensued on the
Democratic party and the President. The order to
General Taylor to march to the Rio Grande was an
act of usurpation. On the subject of the annexa-
tion of Texas, he stated that the northern Democ-
racy was arrayed against it, although it afterwards
wheeled back into the ranks of the Administration.
He read an extract from the Dover (Democratic)
Gazette, the Nashua Gazette, the proceedings of
a Democratic mass meeting in Maine, the Dem-
ocratic resolutions in the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, and a quotation from the Washington
Globe, to show the opposition to the annexation
of Texas. The Baltimore Convention, assembled
to nominate candidates for a President and Vice
President, took the management of our foreign af-
fairs in their own hands, and determined that we
must reoccupy the territory of Oregon, and rean-
nex Texas. He showed how this action of the
convention was received by the people, and also
in what manner it was used to the overthrow of
Mr. Van Buren.
He adverted to the manner in which the annex-
ation of Texas was consummated, m order to show
that Mr. Polk was as much responsible for that
act as was Mr. Tyler. He then went on to ex-
amine the history of the revolution of Texas, and
her connection with the neighboring States of Mex-
ico. He contended that the territory between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande belonged to Mexico,
as was proved by its occupation when General
Taylor made an advance, and when the Mexicans
fired their property and fled, and the authorities of
Tamaulipas informed General Taylor that this
territory belonged to Mexico. If the United States
set up a title to a country in the peaceable posses-
sion of Mexico, it was at least incumbent on us to
show the ground on which we make the seizure.
Texas had never carried her jurisdiction beyond
the Nueces, and could not confer a title she did
not possess.
The President had exceeded his legitimate pow-
ers as the Executive, when he sent an army into
Mexico. It was the province of Congress to order
such a movement. It was only competent to Con-
gress to declare war.
He was willing to make peace on fair and moder-
ate terms. He would not desire to overrun and
annex Mexiqo. A fair indemnity for the losses
of our citizens1 was due to us. If we continue the
war until we conquer all Mexico, we shall raise
up a new power there, which will require the
presence of an army of twenty thousand men to
keep the peace. You may overrun the country,
demolish her towns, seize her revenues, despoil
her women, and you will still leave the Spanish
blood there. You wHlhave a perpetual cancer on
the body politic. No nation had ever gained by
a war of conquest. The result wc have to fear is
the raising up of a military despotism. He desired
to live under free institutions. Our Government
is destined at some future day to a glorious eleva-
tion in the scale of nations. But let us keep within
our own institutions. Thirty-three years of peace
have built us up; let us still adhere to a peaceful
policy.
On motion of Mr. RUSK,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 16, 1848.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution closing the
debate in Committee of the Whole on the loaa
bill, at two o'clock this day, was passed.
Mr. HENLEY moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; and the question being taken
by ayes and noes, was decided in the negative—
ayes 58, noes 68.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The question then recurring on the motion to
reconsider, the yeas and nays were asked, and or-
dered.
Mr. BURT moved a call of the House; on which
motion he asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and resulted—yeas 65, nays 108.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider, and decided in the negative—yeas 93,
nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.' Abbott, Green Adams, Ashmun, Bnmn-
gcr, HlancJiaid, Bolts, Brady, BucKner, Butler, Cabell,Can-
by, Chapman, Coilamer, Conner, Cranston, Crisfield, Ciow-
ell, Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Daniel Duncan,
Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fickhn, Fisher, Fieedle'y, Gayle, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gott,
