1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
from New Hampshire, presenting as it does a
striking illustration of the consequences to which
such sentiments naturally lead.
Mr. CRITTENDEN again rose.
Mr. CASS. Is the Senator going to make any
motion ? The Senator from Texas has the floor
on the special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not detain the
Senate.
Mr. RUSK. So far as I Am concerned, I de-
sire to say, that I have great pleasure in asking
the Senator from Kentucky to proceed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not intend to pro-
tract this debate, but I desire to acquit myself of
the personality of which the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire seems to have considered
me to be guilty. I did not mean to say, sir, that
the gentleman was without patriotism, or without
morality. No, sir, not at all. 1 meant only to con-
test the proposition which he laid down, and on
which his objections to this vote of thanks rested,
and on which they could alone stand. It was in ref-
erence to that proposition, and not the sincerity of
the honorable gentleman, that my remarks were
made; and it was very fur from my intention, in-
deed, to make any such charge as that he was
wanting in morality or patriotism. The sentiments
•which the honorable gentleman entertained are of
such a peculiar character, that one can hardly fall
into the error of supposing that they are entertain-
ed from selfish motives. The gentleman must be
sincere, and I do not doubt that lie is sincere; and
I assure him, that no personality was intended by
me.
I am a little apprehensive that the Senator from
Mississippi may have understood me as going a
little further than I designed to be understood as
going in relation to this war. 1 think I told you, at
the commencement of my remarks, that I was not
one of those who approved of this war—not at all.
But I said that the war, by the act of Congress,
had become a national war. It was war according
to law; and I had supposed that the great principle
of republican government consists m the combina-
tion of the strength and power of the whole com-
munity in executing the laws passed by the major-
ity of that community, that I am as much bound
to respect the law passed in reference to this war
as I am in respect to any law that imposed duties
or taxes, or regulated the conduct of citizens of the
United States. With respect to any of those laws,
the liberty of discussion, under the Constitution,
and according to every principle of republican gov-
ernment, is free and unlimited. It is upon that
condition that every citizen of the republic agrees
to conform himself to, and be governed by, the ma-
jority, however repugnant to his own opinions
may be the decisions of the majority. This free-
dom of discussion is the ground on which each and
every individual may infer on entering into the so-
cial compact, that he may safely and cheerfully
agree to obey whatever law the majority passes
whilst discussion is left free; or, in the words of
Mr. Jefferson, that error may be tolerated whilst
reason is left ftee to combat it. That is the prin-
ciple of republican government. I do not hold
that I oppose tlife war because I discuss and ex-
amine and reason, in order to prove to you
that the law ought to bo repealed or changed or
modified, so as to put an end to this war. It is
with respect to that law as it is in the case of
every other law. Every constitutional law claims
the obedience of every man, no matter whether it
be according to his wishes or not. It chums his
obedience. But it leaves him free to discuss it.
It leaves him free to endeavor, in the exercise of
nil his constitutional rights, to have the law re-
pealed, no matter whether it relates to peace or
war; and the right is equally perfect in regard to
the one as the other. Circumstances may mod-
ify, the exigencies of the country may control,
the exercise of this right; but his constitutional
right as a man and a citizen is to discuss the law
fully, rle ought to do so, because he is bound to
obey implicitly. That is my doctrine. Idonothold
that because a man disapproves of this war and in
that sense opposes it—that he is with one hand
endeavoring to support the law as a national law,
whilst with the other he exercises his right to put
an end to that state of things, he makes an oppo-
sition to the war, which in any true sense of it can
be regarded as unpatriotic. Some gentlemen run
into the idea—and it seems to me that my friend
from Mississippi inclines to the belief—that any
degree of disapprobation of the war, every species
of opposition to it, betokens a want of patriotism
or of courage, or of something that belongs .to hon-
orable and patriotic men.
Mr. POOTE. I thought that I used the most
explicit language. I have uniformly used the same
language* and it is now on record, upholding free-
dom of .debate and discussion. But I have said,
and repeat it now, that whenever speeches are
made anywhere in the United States evidently
intended to circulate in Mexico—calculated to en-
courage the enemy of the country—those speeches
are stamped with treachery to the country. I am
not to be understood, however, as in the slightest
degree trenching on the freedom of debate. The
Senator fiom New Hampshire is bound to express
his sentiments if he entertains them. I only de-
plore his condition, being impelled by the peculiar
character of his intellect to adopt such sentiments.
I am not willing to shackle even him, certainly not
any other person. ButI see frequently newspaper
articles which are intended to circulate in Mexico,
giving " aid and comfort" to the enemy; and
speeches have been made which we know to have
had the same effect. All know this. It is a part
of the history of the country, and I challenge de-
nial of the statement that it is so. In my opinion,
for making such speeches, the punishment of hang-
ing, if the law allowed it, should be inflicted. I
hope I am understood now. I hope the Senator
from Kentucky will do me justice. I knftw it is
one thing simply to declare that the war is unjust
and to seek the repeal of the law, and another to
becomc a traitor to the country, in a moral point of
view, by such overt acts in favor of the enemy as
those to which I have alluded. Let it also be un-
derstood that I chaige nothing of the kind upon
the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I regret that this debate
has taken this excursory direction, passing entirely
beyond the point to which I supposed it would be
limited in the first instance, otherwise I should not
have felt called upon to obtrude any remarks of
mine upon the attention of the Senate. I believe
that the honorable Senator is of too liberal a spirit
himself lightly to impute to others any want of
patriotism, much less to a great party like that of
the Whigs. He disclaims any such imputation
with respcct to them, if I understood him. What,
sir! do the Whig party want patriotism? and shall
the Whig party, m retaliation, charge the Demo-
cratic party with a want of patriotism ? Then
who, in the name of all that is virtuous, has patri-
otism in this wide republic?
The gentleman imposes another limitation upon
this right of discussion in relation to the war,
which it seems to me cannot be maintained, I
may speak the moie fieely on this .subject, inas-
much a« that, though my opinions on the war
have not been withheld, it haw not been my lot to
participate so largely in the discussion as many
others have, and I doubt whether in all the archives
of Mexico, from the fortress of San Juan de Ulna
to the city of Mexico, one sentence, line, or word,
of any poor remarks that ever I made here can be
found. And I am equally well assured that no
remarks of my Whig associates or Democratic
associates have been made for any such purpose of
encouragement to Mexico or Mexicans. These
remarks have been made in the exercise of their
constitutional rights here, for the benefit of our
own country, by the discussion of a matter involv-
ing the interests of our country.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very sorry to interrupt the
Senator. But I had no reference to speeches made
here. I alluded to speeches made in various parts
of the United States—deliberately made to crowds
assembled, for the purpose of being indoctrinated,
and which the speakei knew would operate in
Mexico, and therefore meriting all the denunci-
ations which I heaped upon them; and I only
regret that my powers of sarcasm are not adequate
to the work of stigmatizing them as they deserve.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I accept the explanation
of the gentleman. I thought he had reference to
speeches here and elsewhere. It seems that he had
not reference to speeches here. Now, that might
be his limitation of the doctrine; but since I am
upon the subject, allow me to say, that I know
well that that is not the limitation [tut by presses
now advocating the doctrine. We are told that
this war with Mexico has been inflamed—that the
obstinacy of the Mexican people 1ms been increased
by their knowledge of what is said and done by
Whigs, and Whig newspapers; That is boldly
affirmed every day. The liberty of speech is cen-
sured. We are told by these same presses, that
instead of exercising the rights of honorable gen- .
tlemen, and those which-appertain to the more-
dignified and important character of representa-
tives, we ought to be silent in regard a matter
in which the interests of the country are conccrned,
and follow in mute submission, whatever is done
by the Executive of the Government. -
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will ~a!low me to
interrupt him again for a moment, I would state
that a distinguished member of the House of Rep-
resentatives from the State of Kentucky has re-
ceived a letter from General Marshall, stating the
fact that we might have had a treaty of peace but
for the speech of a distinguished citizen of Ken-
tucky, with certain resolutions, which induced the
leading men of Mexico to wheel about, and raised
a universal expectation of a pronunciamento by
which Mr. Polk would be turned out of the White
House, and a certain distinguished gentlemen from
Kentucky be brought in, from whom such a peace
could be obtained as would accord with their no-
tions of justice and humanity. I state this as a
matter of fact. We all know that this kind of in-
telligence circulates freely in Mexico. No man
can deny it. I did not charge any bad intentions
at all to the distinguished gentleman in Kentucky
who made the speech, but the effect has been pro-
duced by it which was predicted at the time by
myself and thousands of others.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". I do not doubt that such
a letter had been written, and that such is the opin-
ion entertained by the writer. The gentleman is
well known, and with him I have always sus-
tained the most friendly relations; but, although
I do not know what effect his military career may
have had, his politics were of the severest and most
heated character when he went to Mexico. I pre-
sume he retains those opinions, and is therefore
very ready, from his political bias, to place upon
any act of the honorable gentleman alluded to—
one of my most distinguished fellow-citizens, Mr.
Clay—we need not conceal his name—an unfavor-
able construction. It is quite likely that General
Marshall may have entertained the opinion that
we should have had a peace before now had it not
been for Mr. Clay's speech; but I put it in all can-
dor to the honorable Senator from Mississippi to
say whether a specch delivered by Mr. Clay in
November last in Kentucky has found such access
to the mind of Mexico as to present 
Mr. FOOTE. I do believe that his magnetic
influence may have been as great as that described.
The Mexicans are a peculiar people—serm-bar-
barous—accustomed to pronunciamentos, and, of
course, judge our country by their own. I judge,
from the evidence before mo, that they cxpect a
pronxmciamcnto hcie, which 1 think, though, they
will expect a Ion": time before it shall occur.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am glad that my hon-
orable friend from Mississippi cannot say that he
believes that it is so. He is very ingenious in
giving reasons why it might possibly have been
so; but he is not quite satisfied that it is so; and
how can he—how can any man believe that a few
scraps of newspapers, and a handbill or two,
placed in the great scales of peace and war in Mex-
ico, really turned the balance and inclined them
in the favor of war? Why, what do we know of
Mexico? Wc know that the leading men want
peace. They cannot make peace, and why? De-
cause the masses of-the people have become ex-
j| asperated against us, and those holding the reins
jl of government dare not, for fear of popular ven-
| gcancc, make peace. The great masses of the
Mexican people cannot read—they know nothing
|1 about our speeches, and nothing about our parties,
i and yet they are the people thatare for war. They
1 are the exasperated people that insist, madly in-
sist, on continuing this contest. That is the
. account which I receive. That is the general tone
\] of all the accounts. It is natural and reasonable.
!, But the idea is absurd, that the people of Mexico,
| with patriotic feelings as strongly felt as in our
; own case, should be like a weathercock, moved by
jl an article in a newspaper—a speech in Massachu-
i setts or Kentucky—or any process of logical rea-
soning. Yet it is put forward to the public as
having an effect of that kind, and that is insisted
upon for the purpose of controlling and regulating
our conduct and opinions here. Well, I trust that
I am incapable in any circumstances of making a
