368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17.
speech that can be justly, or truly, or in any par-
ticular sense, considered as hostile to my country.
I trust that, having the liberty of free and full
discussion, whenever and wherever I think that
my duty requires its exercise, or it is my pleasure
to use it, I shall freely exercise it. That is the
reason, sir,, why I boast that I am an American
citizen—why we all boast that wc are American
citizens. But the moment we have a war, we are
to bp silent; and the more questionable may be the
character of that war, the more stringent is to be
the denial of the right of freedom of speech! Why,
sir, that is the very time when we ought to speak
out. If Mexico is so sensitive to the principles
and opinions upon which we act, and by which
we are governed in this country, she ought to know
this, that however we may question, in our legisla-
tive capacity, the justice and propriety of this war,
so long as it continues—so long as it is a national
war, made so by our laws, everybody—those who
think it just, and those who think it unjust, unite
their strength to carry it on; that the strength of
the whole is to execute the will of the majority.
That is the fundamental principle of our Govern-
ment, and that Mexico ought to know. What
"comfort," then, can Mexico derive from our
questioning the propriety of the war? If she knew
how to estimate it aright, she will see the most
formidable of all enemies in that very community
which, while its members discuss the propriety
of anything, they fully unite in their combined
strength in executing whatever the will of the ma-
jority may determine. And that is what Mexico
must know and learn, if she reads to any advan-
tage what we say and publish. But the effort of
certain portions of the press has been to enforce
silence on this whole subject, to control us by a
sort of new-made editorial sedition-law! A few
scraps of newspapers have been found in Mexico,
and oh! forsooth, what swelling tirades of trea-
son—treachery—combinations of our own coun-
trymen against our own country and in favor of
Mexico! Can anything be more palpable, sir,
than the outrageous violation of liberty of discus-
sion and freedom of the press which is thus dis-
played?
1 regret that I have trespassed so long on the
time of the Senate. I believe that I owe you an I
apology. I rose simply to make a few remarks
on this resolution, from which we have so far de- <
parted, that it has almost been forgotten. I hope {
the question will be taken on the resolution. '
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senate will
not expect that I intend to enter into this discus-
sion. Indeed, I regret that the discussion has been
thought necessary by any one; and I hope, with
the Senator from Kentucky, that we will return
immediately to the resolution from which we never
should have wandered. It should be allowed to
remain on the ground assumed, a simple vote of
thanks, in which the justice of the war, its policy,
the wisdom of the legislature on the subject, can-
not, with any propriety, be at all involved. Offi-
cers have no other right than to refuse to obey an
unconstitutional oider. The power to declare war
was vested by the Constitution in the Congress of
the United Stases, and when they declared the war,
it cannot be unconstitutional. The officer obeys
the order he receives as an executive officer, and,
upon the vote of thanks, involving only the con-
sideration whether he has faithfully dischaiged his
duty, we might expect the union of which the
Senator from Kentucky has spoken—the union of
the whole country on a question which has but I,
two sides—the side of our country, and the side of I
the foreigners with whom we are at war. Party 1
lines cannot enter into the consideration of such
a question, whilst patriotism exiists. There may
be a faction—there will Oe a faction—in all times
there has been a taction, that would raise its croak-
ing voice, when the people, with one accord, send
up their paeans of thanks or prayers for success.
Yes, SJ1', the American people, rejoicing over their
independence, just acquired—exulting in the pos-
session of civil liberty, at the close of our Revolu-
tion, returned their thanks to Almighty God, who
had held them in the hollow of his hand, and yet,
in the emphatic and classic language of Patuck !
Henry, one cioaker was found whose discordant
voice attempted to disturb the harmony. The
good sense of that day turned m loathing.and dis-
gust away. Why not do so now? Why shall
we pause to enter into this long discussion about
foregone conclusions before the question was j
raised ? Must President-making, too, be involved
in a resolution of thanks to gallant officers ? If so,
and if the great result which has been deprecated is
to come, and the army is to make your President, I
would rather receive him from them than from the
hands of fanatics. But here stands a soldier whose
life has been wholly devoted to his country—whose
services accumulating one by one, have become a
pyramid, as beautiful for its simplicity as it is
sublime for its grandeur—one which can stand like
the commemorative monument of Bunker Hill, a
plain and noble obelisk, with its head amid the
clouds, and despising the assaults of the creeping
things that crawl around its base!
I trust that the feelings of gallant men will not
be assailed when the country comes to thank them
for services done to the whole country. I trust,
sir, that the Senate will no longer engage in a dis-
cussion, not one point of which bears upon the
question at issue; and that, leaving whatever of
croaking there may be to disturb the harmony of
the people's thanks, we will test the question by a
vote of the Senate, allowing those who refuse to
yield their thanks to the gallant soldier to go before
the country in the issue.
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the joint resolution, and they"were or-
dered.
I The question was then put, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS^Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bad-
ger, Bagby, Bell, Benton, Bemen, Biadburv, Bieese, Bright,
Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass. Clarke, Clajton, Corwin,
Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi
Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, Fetch, Foote, Greene,
Houston, liuntei, Johnson of Maij land, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Johnson of Geoigia, Mangu'm, Mason, Miller, Moor,
Niles, Rusk, Sevier, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turuey, Upham,
Westcott, and Yulee—47.
NAY—-Mr. Hale—1.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the vote on the pas-
sage of the resolution in relation to General Scott
was reconsidered, with a view to give Senators not
in their seats at the time of taking the question an
opportunity to record their names.
The motion having been agreed to, the question
was again put on the passage of the resolution, and
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atheiton, Bad-
ger, Bagby, ttejl, Benton, Berrien, Bradbury, Bieese, Blight,
JtSutlei, Cameron, Cass, Claike, Clay ton, Coiwin, Crittenden
Davis of Mass ichusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Daj ton, Dick-
inson, Di.v, Down.-, Feleh, Foote, Greene, Hannegan,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Mai j land. Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Johnson or Georgia, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Moor,
Kites, Rusk, Sevier, Spruance, Sluigeoa, Turney, West-
cott, and Yulee—16.
NAY—.Mr. Hale—1.
It being near three o'clock when the resolutions
were disposed of, the special order was postponed,
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and,after some time spent there-
in, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 17,1848.
The SPEAKER presented certain testimony
taken at New York, relating to the contested elec-
tion for the sixth Congressional district of the
State oi New York. Referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. SAWYER, by leave, introduced a bill to
remove the land office from Upper Sandusky to
Defiance, in the State of Ohio. Read and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONGER, by leave, from the Committee
on Printing, to which was referred the report and
maps of Lieutenant Emory, containing the report
of Captain Cook, the report and maps of Lieuten-
ant Abert, and the journal of Captain Johnson,
reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That 10,000 extra copies of each of said reports i
be printed for the use of the House ; and that ol said num-
ber, 350 copies be furnished lor tile useol Lieutenant Emuiy,
Captain Cook, and Lieutenant Ahcrt, respectively.
Mr. HENLE\ wished to obtain the car of the
House for a moment, while he stated, in connec-
tion with this resolution, the fact, that all questions
referred to the Committee on Printing should be
reported on immediately after they were referred
and examined. If not, the consequence would
frequently be a great loss to the Government; for,
when the documents were submitted to the House,
before the committee had time to examine the !
question of printing, the usual number were order- ^
ed, printed, and, before the committee had opportu- j
nity to report, the composition might b«distributed; j
and the consequence was, when the Committee on
Printing afterwards reported in favor of an extra
number, the House were obliged to pay for addi-
tional composition. What he proposed was, that
the House should now adopt a rule, of which he
had given previous notice, similar to that which
was in force with reference to the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, and one other committee, at least—
that it should be in order for the Committee on
Pnntingto reportatany time. It would not inter-
fere with the business of the House, and would, as
he had before said, save a large amount of money,
which would otherwise be paid for additional com-
position when the matter had already been taken
down.
The question on the passage of the resolution
reported by the Committee on Printing was put,
and the resolution was agreed to.
The question was then put on the motion of Mr.
Henley, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PALFREY asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution; which was objected to:
Resolved, (as the sense of this House,) That the war now
waging by the United States against the Republic of Mexico
ought forthwith to cease.
Resolved, (as the sense of this House,) That such an
amount ot money, and no more, ought to be placed at the
disposal of the Executive government, for the laud anil naval
forces of this Republic now within the territory and on the
coasts of Mexico, as will be a sufficient and liberal provision
for the return of said forces to the United States.
THE LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union (Mr. Botts, of Virginia, in the
chair) on the bill to authorize a loan not to exceed
the sum of $18,500,000.
The question pending when the committee rose
yesterday was onagreemg to the amendment moved
by Mr. Hall, of New York, viz: to amend the
1st section by adding, between the words " so bor-
rowed shall" and the words " be applied," &c., the
words " on being first duly appropriated therefor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put on the second amend-
ment of Mr. Hall, viz: strike outthe words "which
; stock," near the end of the 1st section, and insert,
j in lieu thereof, the words " and the stock issued on
! such loan." Agreed to.
' Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved to add at
the end of the 1st section, the following: " And no
certificate of stock shall be issued under this act
until the President shall have nominated and the
Senate confirmed three commissioners, fully au-
thorized to negotiate a treaty of peace with the
Mexican Government, on principles of reciprocal
justice to both countries."
Mr. KING remarked, that he was desirous of
drawing the attention of the House to the amend-
ment which he had proposed. It simply provided
that the President should, with the advice of the
Senate, appoint three commissioners to treat with
Mexico on terms of reciprocal justice. When the
war commenced, nearly two years ago, we were
told that this war was to bring upon us a peace in
three months. Now, at the end of more than
twenty months, we were as far from peace, appa-
rently, as we were then. He wanted the country
to make some demonstration that it is in earnest
upon this subject—that we are determined to have
a peace on some fair and honorable terms.
We were told, some two years ago, that " the
heart of this great nation must be prepared for
[ war;" and the heart of this great nation had been
prepared for war. The Executive did not dare to
wage a war with our equal, Great Britain, but
commenced a war with poor, feeble Mexico. The
heart of this great nation must be prepared for
war! It appeared to him that the burning thirst
of this great nation, by this time, must be slaked
with the blood which had been shed m this war.
From the official reports, we were informed that
more than twenty thousand Mexicans had either
been killed or wounded in the prosecution of this
war, and nearly seven thousand Americans.
Surely this should be enough. But if this was
not enough of blood to slake the burning thirst of
this great people, let us add to it the tears of the
scores of thousands of widows and orphans, and
friends of those who had perished, miserably per-
ished, in this most miserable war. And if it was
necessary also to take into the account, to satisfy
this horrid god of war, the treasure which had
been expended, he supposed three hundred mil-
lions of dollars would not be an over-estimate, if
