370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
The third section was read,
Mr. GRiSNELL offcced the following substi-
tute for it:
" tndlc U further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
urv'be dui he !% hereby, authorized to receive proposals for
the taiun  of such loan, or any part or parts thereof; and
that before disposing of the said stock, issued for such loan,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be inserted in
nvo public newspapers punted in the city of Washington,
and two public newspapers printed m the principal city or
capital of each State, an advertisement stating that bids and
proposals foi such loan will be received until a certain day,
to be specified ill such advertisement, not more than sixty i
days or less than twenty days from the time of the first in-
sertion of said advertisement in the two newspapers in the
city of VVa^lnnston, and staling the amount of tile loan
required and in what instalments, and when and where it
will be required to be paid; and the said Secretary may pay
sucl) expenses as may lie necessarily incurred in printing
and issuing certificates of stock, and other expenses inci-
dent to the execution of this act, which shall not in all exceed
the sum of §16.000, which sum of ) 16,000 is hereby appro-
priated for ihese purposes, and shall he paid out of any money
in the treasmy not otherwise anpropriateii: Provided, That
no eompensnion shall be allowed to any officer whose salary-
is fi.ed by lawior any service periormed by lum in the exe-
cution of tiiirf net."
Mr. G. said that the great object of the amend-
ment he had offered was to provide for a full and
fair competition for the loans wanted. This can
only be done by public notice in the newspapers of
the amount, times, and places of payment, and the
amount of each instalment to be paid. The money,
of course, will not be all wanted at one time. It |
is of great importance to the bidder for the loan to j
know precisely when he will be required to pay it. 1
Great dissatisfaction was felt when the last loan j
was mcde, under the act of 1347, on this account, j
The advertisement stated that "the department
reserves the right of fixing the periods when the
money must be paid." Many were deterred fiom'
bidding, because there was no certainty when ihey
would be called on to pay. They must either keep
their money on hand, losing the interest, or run
the risk of be>ng called on and not ready to pcty.
The want of this knowledge also gave rise to sus-
picion that persons residing here had an advantage
over those at a distance, by intimations more or
less definite as to the periods when payments wou'd
be required. Another advantage to the country in
advertising would be the knowledge beforehand of
how much per month would be required for the
pin poses of the Government. This would be a
great relief to mercantile people.
Mr. G. added that he had made this motion with
the knowledge and approbation of a majority of '
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VINTON observed that this section of the 1
bill had been copied verbatim from the law of 1332; '
but he was satisfied the amendment proposed by ;
his friend from Massachusetts was better.
Mr. GRINNELL said that it had been suggest-
ed to him that in some of the cities indicated there
might not be two papers published. He would,
therefore, modify the amendment so as to say
" one or more," instead of" two."
Mr. McKAY expressed his hope that the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts would not strike out
the whole of the section, hut would suiler that
portion of it to stand which conferred on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury power to employ an agent
to obtain money on the loan. This power had
always been given and always used in the case of
former loans.
Mr. GRINNELL said it was his intention to
leave that, and he thought it was in the substitute.
The substitute having been read—
Mr. McKAY observed that it contained no such
power. He did not believe that this bill was the
most eligible form in which the desired loan could
be effected; but he wished to make it as effective
as possible, and he had no desire to see the bill de-
feated. If this ordinary power of employing an
- agent by the department to assist ill negotiating the
loan should be denied, what must be the effect?
The loan would be known or heaid of only in the
public papers, and the Government might have to
wait much longer before the loan \v«s taken up.
Mr. McK. had no doubt that at this very moment
it might be taken in New York at par; but still it
was proper and necessary that there should be an
agent of the Treasury Department employed to fa-
cilitate the operation. Money was scattered abroad
through the country; and such an individual might
succeed in getting $50,000 in one place and £100,01)0
in another, and so the loan would be sooner taken
up. In all the previous loans effected by the Gov-
ernment, such an agenthad always been employed.
Mr. GRINNELL said he had no wish to strike
out the power to employ a person of this descrip-
tion; but he supposed his employment would be
covered by the words 61 other expenses" in the
amendment. However, he would modify his
amendment by inserting, in the 17th*line, the words
" the employment of agents;" and in relation to
the papers to beemployed for advertising, he would
j further modify that clause by adding the words*
| 44 not exceeding two."
The amendment, thus modified, was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the bill
! by inserting the following as a new section, to come
in after the third section:
| J3nd he it further enacted, That, all of the public lands which
' shall have been in market twenty or moie year6: at the tune
of apphmg to enter the tame under this section shall he
subject to sale at one dollar per acre ; and all of the public
lands which shall have been in markfct twenty five or more
years, as aforesaid, &hall be subject to sale at seventv-fi\e
cents per acie; and ail of the public lands which shall have
been m market thirty yearn, as aforesaid, shall be subject to
sale at fifty cents per acie: Provided, That no one person
shall be authorized to acquire more than one township, at
the lowest ra'e of fifty cents per acre : Prowled, mso, That
this section shall not be construed to impair any preemption
rvdit now authored, or which mav be authorized, hv Jaw :
Sn<l provided fmt.her, That the moneys to be received under
this section shall be applied as now directed by law.
The CHAIR decided this amendment to be out
of order, as not germane to the bill.
Mr. GREGORY moved a new section, to come
in after the third section, as follows:
Jlrul he it farther enacted^ That in ease the emergencies of
the eonntrj shall pievent the ohtainment of the aforesaid
sum of sixteen millions of dollars, ot any part thereof, at the
rate and on the terms piovided in this act. it shall be lawful
for the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the same, or any
part thereof, on the payment of interest at the rate of and
pot to exceed seven pci centum per annum: Provided. That
the loan obtained at «even per centem be voimbur-a'ile any
time attei five years after the fit st day of July next aftei the
pnss<i<;e of this act.
The amendment was rejected.
The fourth section was read.
Mr. COLLAMEIt moved to amend it as fol-
lows:
That the moneys arising fiom dunes on goods, wares
aiul meichand'^c which maybe )iiipoit< d into the United
HMfes or'so much thereof a?* -dial! be equal to th^ payment
of the interest, be and the <-ame are hereby pledged and ap-
pro"; lated to the pajmeiti of scani intme^t; and the faith of
tho'Umted States is heicbv pledged fot the pavment of «aid
debt, and the pa\ment of the same, when ultimately due. is
herein dneetcd out of any mone} then in the tieasiny not
othcnvir-c apj.romlated.
Mr. COLLAMER said it was understood on all
sides of the House that the object of this bill was, to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow six-
teen m.llions of dollars in addition to the revenue.
In addition to the revenue. But this section, as it
stood, declared that the whole revenue was pledged,
first, for the payment of the interest, and then the
principal of the loan; and also directed that the
Secretary must first apply the revenue received to
the principal. This would not be due for twenty
i years to come; yet the Secretary would be com-
; pellcd to apply the very first moneys received into
i the treasury to create a sinking fund to reimburse
■ the principal of the debt. He must do this before
j he did anything else with the public money. So
: that this loan, instead of being in aid of the reve-
nue only, anticipated the revenue to he received,
' and forced the Secretary to sequester all the money
that came in till the debt was provided for. Mr.
; C. thought the introduction of a provision of this
. kind went to defeat the great purpose of the bill,
which was to get sixteen millions of money in ad-
■ oilion to the revenue. This would not °;et the
: money in addition to the levenue at all; it only
i pledged the levenue as fast as received, and seques-
1 tered it from all other uses.
Mr. PALFREY moved to strike out the fourth
1 section.
! Mr. PALFREY said, that should that amend-
! ment prevail, and the bill be reported to the House,
; he should then move in. the FJouse to strike out
I the word u twenty," in the first section, and insert
| the word " five," so as to make the loan reimburs-
i able at the end of five years; and then he should
j further move to instruct the Committee of Ways
1 and Means to reporta bil! laying a diiect tax for a
; sufficient sum to constitute a sinking fund for the re-
imbursementof the principal and interest of the loan,
i He would, if possible, within the five minutes
| allowed him by the rule, briefly state his reasons
; for this course.
j First, he believed it would be a sure way to
j bring about a speedy peace. Fighting seemed to
J many people a very a'greeable thing, as long as
they were not made to feel how expensive a lux-
ury it was. But lie believed there was many a
constituency in this country, now very greedy ior
blood and glory, who would not receive more than
one visit from the collector before they would be
sending instructions to their Representatives here
to put a stop to the war without delay.
Again j a direct tax always was the proper war
tax. If you would not take that, you must look
,either to contacting a debt for posterity to pay
a course equally dishonest and dangerous—or else
to obtaining a sufficient revenue from duties on
imports, a thing practically impossible. We have
no right to burden .posterity with the payment of
the expenses of this war. \Ve have theglory,such
as it is, and it is but fair that we should pay the
bill. And the example of England ought to warn
us of the danger of laying the charges oi our wars
on future times. As to getting a sinking fund for
the proposed loan from the ordinary revenues of
the country, every one must_ &ce it was out of
the question. It w s mere trifling to spcaK of such
a thing. He put it to his friend, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, whether
he believed it possible, by any adjustment of a
tariff system, to obtain a revenue of more than
thirty-five millions of dollars from imposts? And
that sum would do no more, or scarcely more, thars
meet the ordinary expenses of the Government on
a peace establishment, leaving little or nothing to^
go to the payment of the six millions of dollars ot
interest on the public debt, to say nothing of the
principal. It was true that the amount of import-
ations, and the amount, of revenue obtained from
them, would increase with the growth of the coun-
try; but theie was not the slightest reason to sup-
pose that they would increase in a greater ratio
than the public expenses, or that the receipts from
the custom-house could be relied upon to do more
than meet the current charges of the Government,
under any tariff system that could be devised.
The chairman, in allusion to that article of the
Constitution which provides that direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the States according to their
population, had said that such a tax would fall
heavily on Ohio, Indiana, and other States, whose
wealth was not in proportion to their numbers.
That argument might do veiy well for the chair-
man and his constituents, but it worked the other ^
way for him .(Mr. P.) and his. The peopte of
Massachusetts were laige consumers of foreign
articles, and accordingly pa;d a large amount, of
indirect taxes into the treasury; while, from their
comparatively small numbers, their assessment of
a direct tax would not be burdensome._ They
were friends to a protective system, believing it to
be a wise and beneficial feature of national policy.
But, he repeated, no system of duties could be
made to yield more than would be wanted from
year to year, after the restoration of peace. Mas-
sachusetts was always ready to pay her full pro-
portion of the public dues. She contributed
cheerfully and freely to every charge that went to
promote the prosperity and honftr of the country.
But as to this war, she would like that those who
-approved and enjoyed it more than she did should
pay more largely for their satisfaction. She would
like to contribute as small a share as possible to
what she regarded with loathing and abhorrence—
what, in a solemn legislative resolve, a few months
ago, she had designated as 44 a war of conquest,
' hateful in its objects, wanton, unjust, and uncon-
' stitutional in its origin and character—a war
'against freedom, against humanity, against jns-
< tice, against the Union, against the Constitution,
4 a d against the free States." [Laughter from the
war side of the House.]
Mr. Ooi.lamer's amendment was rejected.
3Vlr. Paxfrry's amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
strike out the fourth section, and insert—
That the faith of the fnited H?ato« is hereby pledged to
piovide and establish fuftkienl to pnv. m addition to the
ordinary expenses of the Government, the interest on the
stock issued under the authority of this a^t, m ?uch annua)
appropriation, as a linking fund, as will reimburse the entue
loan at or before its maturity.
Mr, R. said he concurred in the opinion ex-
pressed, that the ciansc in the fourth section should
be stricken out in accordance with the proposed
amendment. The pledge of the revenues from the
customs, in the first instance, to the payment of
the principal of this loan, was either unmeaning
and deceptive, or it defeated entirely the objects of
the loan bill. If U meant anything, and was to
