874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
semiannually? winch loan shall be made reimbursable at
any tyae ariui twenty years from the fiist day of July next
ths pipage oi tliH act; ami said mowy, so borrowed,
fell,til, on bjjnsj first duly appropriated therefor, be applied,
in addition t > the money now in the treasury, or which may
b-j received therein from other souices, to defray any ot the
public expense* which have been heretofore or may he here-
after authorized by law; and the stock issued on such loan
shall be tratisferablt on the books of the treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further emi-cled, Tnat-ibe Secretaiy of
the Treasury be and he is hereby authorized, with the con-
sent of the President of the' United States, to cause to be
prepated ceitificates of stock, which shall be signed by the
.Register ot the Treasury, and sealed with tlie seal ot the
Treasury Department, for the sum to be borrowed as atoie-
said, or any part thereof, bearing,an interest not to exceed
si* per centum per annum, and transferable and reimburs-
able as aforesaid, and to c uje ban! certificates of .^toek to
b« sold: Provided, That no part of said stock be >old below
par: An I provided, also, That wheuever required so to do,
the Secretary of tlse Treasury shall caine to he attached to
an}'certificate or certificates to be issued under this act cou-
pons oi interest; and any certificate having such coupons of
intere-t attached to it nviv be transferable by delivery ot the'
ceitificate, instead of bem  assiuinble on the books of the
tivasmy; but no certificate of btock shall be issued for a Ijss
amount than fifty dollar*.
Skc. 3. And ic it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be and ho is hereby authorised to leceive pro-
posal,- tm the faking of such loan or anv pai f or putts theie-
ofj aud mat hi.-fore disposing or the said sto^k issued for
such ioan, {be Seoict;u$ of the Treasury snail cause to bo
inserted in two public newspaper? printed in the city of
Washington, and notexceedmytwo public iiew-«papt rs print-
ed in t'ie principal city or capiiai of each State, an adver-
tisement Ntatmg thai bids and pioposals foi such loan '.\ ill be
received until a certain day, to bj specified in such adver-
tisement. not more than sixty d.w3or less than twenty days
from the tine of the mst insertion of said advertisement in
the,two newspapers m the city of Washington, rmd stating
the amount of the loan reqimt-d, and in what instalment*,
and when and wh'ire, it will be required to be paid; and the
said Secretary may piy sucn expemsf-s as may be necessarily
incuired in punting and issuing certificates of stock, the
employment of agents, and expen-es incident to the execu-
tion ot thi> act, which shall not in all exceed the suin-of mx-
te. n thousand doflars; winch sum of sixteen thousand iioj-
lais hereby appropuated for these purposes, and shall be
paid out of any money m the treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: Provided, Tnat no compensation shall be allowed
to any oincer vvhn-e salary is fixed by law for any service
performed by bun m the execution of this act.
Si?c. 4. An-1 ben further erurtet, That the faith of the
United States is hereby pledged to provide and establish feuf-
itivcnur:s for the regular payment of the mteiest and
for the redemption of .said stock.
Sr.*,;. .t>, And be \i faUher enacted* That the Sectary of
the iVe;wuy be and he is hereby authorized to purchase, at
any time b.-roro th : period hctcin limited tor the redemption
of the stock hereoy created, such poition thcieof at the mar-
Act pnee, not brioiv par, the funds of the Government
ina\ admit of, after iweunsr all the demands on the treasury;
and any ^urphw that hereafter nny b°. in rhe treasury is
liereu> appiopiiated to that object.
Sec. 6. An<1 be it further enacted. That it shall be tbe duly
of the Secretary of the Treasuiy to report to Consic-.-v.s at
th6 eommenffment of the next <es<ion, the amount of monev
borrowed under tins act, and of whom, and on what terms
it shall have been obtained, with an abstract or brief state-
ment of all the proposals submitted for the same, distm-'ui-h-
lug between tho^e accepted and those rejected, with°a de-
tailed statement of the expense of making such loans.
The bill, as given above, having been engrossed,
it was passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. John (luincy Adams, Green Adams,
liarringer, Burrow, !y, Bedinser, Bingham, BinKal).
Kiaek, Blanohiml, Tincock, Rotn. Bowdon, Bowlm, Bovd
liroillie.ld, Brady, William G. Brown, Chailes Brown, Albert
Cimitniiia, Daniel, Jhekey, Dickmwn, DomielL
Darnel Duncan, Uarnott Duncan, Dunn, Eekert Edwards
Emhroe, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Faian, Farrelly,'
------- ... ,. iv. jLjuui, iiammons, jai
<X. Uanpton,Muses Hampton. Haralson, llarman,on. Hairx
Haskell, [ieuley, Henry, Hill, Isaac E. Holmes, Ehas B?
Holmes. George S. Houston, John W. Houston, Hunt' In-e
Chailes J. £n?ersoH, Joseph R. tn^ersoll, Irvin, Iverson
Jameson. Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson!
kobcit Jonnson, <„corge W. Jones, John W. Jone-
Kanfinan. kellogj, Kennon,Thomas lliitler Kin", T.ahm'
La to^ie, lili.un T. Lawrence, Hidney Lawrence, f.effle/
Jjevin, Injon, Lincoln. Lord, Lumpkin, Maclay, Mct'iel-
land, ilc-Ulemand, McDowell, M-Tlvaine, McKay,McLane
Mann,Mir-h, Marvin, Meade, Miller, Morehead. Moms'
Morse, Mulhn, Murphy, Nelson, :-<•-. Neivall, Xieoll Out'
law, Peaslee, Peek, Pendleton, Petrie, Pevton, Phejns puis,
bury, Pollock, Preston, Putnain, lihett, Rr-.-nolds. Eichev
KocKinll, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rninsey, St. John
Sc'ienek, Slieppeul, Shernll, Simpson, Sims, Slingerland'
Sni irt, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark'
weather, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart
Strohm, Stron;;, T.'-llmadge, Tillbodeaux, Taylor, Thomas'
TonipKins, iticharu iV". Thompson, John B. Ttiomnson'
Robrrt A. Tii-jmoson, Wm. Thompson, Thuiston,Toombs'
Turner,enable, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, White'
W ick, V\' ilhains, Wiley, Wiiinot, and AVoodward—19-2. ''
NAYS—aie-sis. Ashmun, Qanby, Crovvell, Fisher, Gid-
dm?s, Hale, Hubbard, tindson, Daniel P. Km", Palfrey
Julius Rockwell, Root, Truman Smith, and Wilson—14.
Mr. CLlNGMAiST moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biii was passed.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. Agreed to.
The title of the bill was then amended so as to
read, "A bill to authorize a loan not to exceed the
sum of g,16,000,000."
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The petition of ?irndry citizcns of
Wa^himfton, for an act of incorporation for a gas company, i
Also, the memoiial of James H. Chezum, for payment for
work done fof the Government.
13v Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa. The petition of William I
H. Wallace and 8S other citizen3; of the State of Iowa, pi ay- I
in? for the establishment of a mail route fioin Mount Pieas- ;
ant, via Deeds' MilU, Brighton, Okaloosa, and other niter- ;
mediate points*, to Monroe city, in Jasper county. AUo, the ■
memoual of Samuel J. Baj aid, esq., late receiver at Fairfield, (
Iowa. I
By Mr, RUMSEY: The remon?trnnce of citizen-* of Rtcn- j
brn county, IVew York, against revival of patent for Jcthro {
Wood's ca^r-iron plough. 1
By Mr. GOTT: The remonstrance of Charles- B. Sede- ;
wick and 80 others, citizen*? of Onondagu county, New York; 1
nNo. the remonstrance of E B. Poner and 105others,citizens j
of ihe '-aid countv; also, the remonstrance of Samuel L. Ed-
wards and 211 otheis, c-itizen-5 of said county, asain^t the [
pa«>a2" of any liw to i^vive or continue the patent of Jeth 10 j
Wood for a e.i-sr-iron plough. Also, resolutions of the i
ecntive Committee of the iVew York State Agi[cultural So- ;
cte^, against a renewal of sai<J patent. 4
By Mr. (70\TGER: Th« rpmon^tinncp of 116 citizens and !
fanners of Cortland county, NVnv Voifc, against the further !
extension of the patent of Jethro Wood. I
By 3fr.'I't/RXEft: The petition of fll. Chamberlain and
>9 others, pra\in«for n mail route from La Salle to Rock- !|
ford, in the State of Illinois. Also, the petition of Samuel 1
Crawford and other*, praying for the same route. ]
By Mr. BUT.LE2: The petition of citizens ofColumhia l!
county, Pennsylvania, for the passane of a law causing the :|
present mail 1 oute from Pott^viHe to Catawussa to start "from
PotNvilIe and end atTowanda, Bradford county—the mail
to b  carried daily Except Sundav) dirrct from Poitsville
via Bloomshure nnd o,-an«evil!e to Towanda.
BvMr.RfCflKY: The petition of Wdham Riley,jr., and
85 other:-, citizens of Washmcton county, Ol)io, pravinff tho
e=tahliihmf nr of a mail route from JVaterfoid, through Ear-
low, to Wateitown. in «;aid countv.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the present condition of the fund
artMngftom the sale of the lands ceded by the treaty of Jan-
uary 14, 1837^ with the Sagannw band of Chippewa Inthansr
which were to be disposed' of for their benefit '> what meas-
ures are requiied to effect a sale of said lands at an early
period and at a fair price; or whether it he expedient so to
legislate, that the lands may at once become the property of
the United States, and a fair compensation be made to the
Indians for them ; and whether, in ju-tice and equity, pro-
vision should not now be made, in anticipation of the sale
of the lands, or as a part of such compensation if they are
taken by the Government, for^the payment of the class of
obligations provided for m said treaty, and embraced in
schedule B, which were not provided for out of the amounj
; advanced by the United States for other obligations and ob-
jects provided for in the same treaty. -*
Mr. NILES submitted tbe following resolution^
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
a£ieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire whether further legislation is not expedient and
r.pct--sary to piotect the levenue from fraod in the importa-
tion of tea and coffee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Patrick Walker, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill granting a pension to Patrick
Walker.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading, and the report ordered to be punted.
mr. Dickinson's resolutions.
On motion by Mr. YULEE. the prior orders
were suspended, and the Senate resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions submitted by Mr.
Dickinson, relative to the proper policy to be pur-
I sued by the United States in respect to theacqnisi-
, tion of new territory, and the substitute therefor
j submitted by Mr. Yulee.
j Mr. YULEE resumed and concluded his ar^u-
f ment in support of his amendment, and after a few
1 words from Messrs. Dickinson and Foote, and
! some discussion uporva point of order,
1 Mr. FOOTE moved to lay the resolutions on
! the table.
Mr. DICKINSON said, as soort as he could
By Mr. HUDSON: The WPmoiinl of Pearson Cowrl)  nd ■ : . > ^   c  x   *
others, pm>tiw thutnn .ov^Uotbw, be made into ii,e l™ i| ?at e1- "P tne instalments of the Senator's speech
HIT in which the p itent of Wm. Woodworth, for ,1 nlanin  I 'le would reply to it.
niaehinc. wn rcnen'od.
^ Ry Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The application of
Thomas Gnyes 111 relation to an improvement in the appli-
cation ofsf/ am to the piopulsion of vessels.
^ By Mr. DUVCAN, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Franklin county. Ohio, asking for u 1 eduction m newspaper
po^t.iffp.
Or Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of tbe heirs of Ja-
cob Coiicn.
By Mr. CRANSTON; The petition of ATnrv "M Tplfuir
pravingfor balance due her father, Israel Peaice, for final'
settlement ceinfioate<.
By Mr. SMNGERL AND : The remonstrance nnd resolu-
tion of the Expontiva Committee of the New Fork State !
Agricultural Society, against the passage of the hill renew-
ing the patent of Jcthro Wood, for improvements in the
cast-iron plough. "Referred to the Committer on Patent*.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: Five memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania, against the further continu-
ance of the patent of Jethvo Wood for the cast-iron plough-
to his heirs 3
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of Ken-
dall county, Illinois, for a mail route from Ottawa, via No-
mey, Newark, and Oewepo. to NnpervjJJp.
By Mr. GREEN: The petition of citizens of Rock Wand
countv. Illinois, ptaymg a crant of land for the support of :
common schools. Also, a petition of stiridrv citizens of
Scotland count}. IWi«oiiii, piayin? the establishment of a s
po^t route fiom Memphis, in said countv, to Keosaona m
said countv. * 1 5
The motion of Mr. Foote to lay the resolutions
on the table was then agreed to.
[Mr. Y.'s speech, revised, will be found in the
Appendix.]
THE TEN-REGIMENT HILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to raise, for a limited time, an additional military
forte.
Mr. RUSK addressed the Senate in support of
the bill. He considered hirn elf called on, as a
representative from the State of Texas, to answer
the arguments which had been based on the idea
that Texas had no right to a boundary beyond the
Nueces. There had arisen a fashion of consider-
ing theTexans as a wild, God-forsaken set of land
robbers. But he could assure the Senate that there
were among them many who acknowledged the
aid of an ovei ruling Providence, which had enabled
them to contend successfully in the'establishment
: of their liberty against the superior power of
j Mcxico. He stated that the boundary of Texas
! to the Rio Grande was established by her, and
: transferred to the United States. He briefly re-
By Mr. conger- The remon^fance of 40 citizons? and i capitulated the chief facts in the history of the
farmeis of Cayujja county,^ i\cw \ or!\, against the further ■ unln11 im-> i« oilaui Tawno 1,^
extension ofthe patent of Jetliro Wood.
BV Mr. GOTT: The memorial of citizens of O.-we-o
count;-, New York, jiravmn for a repeal of the aet of Con-
gress, parsed at it^ In-t ^csfeion, imposing postage on news-
paper-i within thirty miles of publication.
By Mr. MUfjLIN: Tlie remoiihtrance of Allanson Pkin-
ner and 38 other eitizens of the. county of Jefferson, New
\ork, atrainst the extenson of the patent issued to Jethro
Wood lor the cast iron plough.
revolution in Texas, to show that Tejcas had been
compelled to take up arms by the hostile course
pursued by Mexico, and that the troops of Texas
marched to the Rio Grande, and that this bound-
ary had from that time been maintained. The
first link in the chain of this boundary was to be
found in the articles of capitulation of General
IN* SENATE. [
Thursday, February 17, 1848. I
The YICE PRESIDENT -presented a petition j
of citizens of Jefferson county, Iowa, remonstrating I
against a change in the mail route from Burlington I
to Fan-field, in that State; which was referred to the !
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.. ;
Mi. NILES presented a memorial of insurance j
companies and merchants of the city of New York !
remonstrating against the repeal of the act of the !
2d March, 1837, concerning pilots; which was re- :
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. |
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution, '
which was considered by unanimous consent, and I
agreed to; I]
After this, Santa Anna raised a large Mexican
force to drive every American from the soil of
Mexico. He was in control of the army and
backed by the priesthood; while the people who
would have sustained the Texans were unarmed.
The Texans had but about one thousand troops to
oppose to the overwhelming Mexican force. But
a battle took place, in which Santa Anna was de-
feated, half his army was destroyed, and Santa
Anna taken prisioner. A treaty was afterwards
made, in which the Mexicans acknowledged the
Rio Grande as the boundary of Texas, and also
acknowledged the independence of Texas. This
treaty was made with Filisola, Santa Anna being
a prisoner. This was the second link in the chain
of title.
It had been urged that this treaty was made by
