1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S77
tee on Naval Affairs had fully Examined the sub-
ject, and had, with great labor and ability, pre-
pared a full leport upon it, it seemed to him to be
treating- that committee with some disrespect to
refer it again to another committee. Any gentle-
man who would take the pains to read the report
would there find all the arguments fully and fairly
presented, and would understand the subject in all
its bearings. Why need it be referred a second
time ?
Mr. McCLERNAND was not prepared to say
whether he should vote for or against the proposi-
tion in the bill, but to him it was perfectly clear
that.the Committee on Naval Affairs had no proper
jurisdiction over an appropriation ofthe public lands.
If a subjectlikfrthis could be taken out of the hands
of the Land Committee, all its jurisdiction over the
subject of public lands might as well be taken away
and the committee abolished at once.
If a Committee on Naval Affairs could suggest
the proper disposition of the public domain, with
a view to facilitate the intercourse of different parts
of the country, in addition to looking after the
naval affairs of the Government; if they were to
propose the appropriation of millions of acres of the
public lands to build railroads when they thought
them needed to strengthen the defences of the
country, they might take cognizance in like man-
ner of every work of internal improvement through-
out the land, and all proposals for works of that
description must be submitted to the Naval Com-
mittee. They would have to report on Mr.
Whitney's great road to Oregon, because lands
were asked for that, and though the Committee on
Public Lands had that proposition now before them,
he supposed they must give it up, and submit it to
the committee who had charge of the naval affairs
of the country. The practice of the House and
the rules of the House would sanction no such ref-
erence.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved the previous question.
Mr. BOWLIN called for the reading of the rules
which prescribed the duties of the several standing
committees; which was road accordingly.
The previous question was seconded, put, and
carried, and the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
reconsidered—ayes 85.
It was then referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
CLAIM OF PAUL JONES'S HEIRS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a
resolution to terminate the debate in Committee of
the Whole in two hours on the Senate bill for the
relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones, after the
House shall again resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole 011 the private calendar.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to lay the res-
olution on the table. Negatived.
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL suggested to Mr. Rock-
well, to modify his resolution so as to close the
debate in one hour; which being agreed to, the
resolution was adopted.
Tile House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on private bills, (Mr. McClernand,
of Illinois, in the chair.)
The first bill on the calendar was the Senate bill
for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones:
The debate on the bill was resumed, and contin-
ued by Messrs. BOWLIN, PUTNAM, and
ROCKWELL of Connecticut.
The hour for closing the debate arriving, the
committee proceeded to vote on amendments as
proposed.
Mr. PUTNAM moved to amend the first sec-
tion by striking out all after the word " appropria-
ted," in the 7th line, viz.: the words "upon the
principles of justice and equity, according to acts
in similar cases, and applicable thereto." Disa-*
greed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved to amend the first section
ofthe bill by adding after the words "to adjust and
pay," in the 5th line, the following: "the balance
found due, if any, to the legal heirs or representa-
tives of the said Jones." Disagreed to.
The second section was read, and amended by
the insertion of the word " captors" in the 13th
line; so that it reads, " to be apportioned 011 the
basis of the distribution of a settlement made with
the captors for prizes," &c.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
strike out the words, " the said proportion to be
deducted from the indemnity to be received from
Denmark, in satisfaction of the loss sustained in
the three prizes aforesaid." Agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved further to amend the
bill by adding thereto the following: " deducting,
however, from the share of Captain Peter Landais
the sum received by him or his legal representa-
tives, under an act of Congress approved the 28th
of March, 1806." Agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to amend the
seconds section by striking out the "represent-
atives," and inserting "heirs," and to add after
the words " John Paul Jones," the words " being
citizens of the United States;" so as to make the
claims payable to the legal heirs of the said John
Paul Jones," being citizens of the United States,"
&c.
The amendment was lost.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to add at the end of
the bill a proviso disallowing interest on the claim.
Agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to amend the
second section by striking out the words " as esti-
mated by Benj. Franklin," and inserting after the
words "proportionsof," the "sum of$24,421 78;"
so that it would read " their respective proportions
of $24,421 78, the value of three prizes captured,"
&c. Rejected.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to add at the
end of the bill a proviso, a copy of which could not
be obtained. It was rejected.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to amend the third
section by inserting the word "lineal" after the
word " legal," so as to make the claim payable to
the " legal lineal representatives of the said John
Paul Jones." Disagreed to.
The bill having been gone through—
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause and insert-
ing a substitute authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the legal heirs of John Paul
Jones the sum of$24,421 78, the value ofthe prizes
captured by said Jones and carried into the port of
Bergen, in Norway, and by Denmark delivered
up to Great Britain in 1779. Rejected.
The committee then rose and reported the bill.
Mr. BOWLIN again moved the substitute forthe
bill which he moved in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question; and under the operation thereof,
the amendments of the Committee of the Whole
were agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN raised a qtffestion of order on
the amendment moved by Mr. Bowi.in, and in-
quired if Mr. B. could move an amendment while
the amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole wore pending.
The SPEAKER overruled Mr. Asiimun's point
of order.
The question was then put on Mr. Bowlin's
amendment, and decided in the negative: Yeas 76,
nays 100.
The bill was then read a third time, and, under
the operation of the previous question, was passed:
Yeas 90, nays 77.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote passing the bill for the relief of
the heirs of John Paul Jones.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table. Agreed to.
A motion was made that when the House ad-
journs, it will adjourn till Monday next.
The question on which was decided in the af-
firmative by yeas and nays: Yeas 84, nays 82.
And the House adjourned to Monday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of H N Strong and 192
others, praying for the establishment of a post-route from
Fort Washington, Wisconsin, to Braver Data, via Salisbury
Mill.-? and Hurricane. Also, the petition of Bertrnek O'Con-
nor ami .">9 others, for the same object. AKo, the petition of
Richard Catlni and 70 others, pia\mg for the establishment
of a post-route from Waupun, Fond du Lac county. Wiscon-
sin, via Tne^eo, to Dartford. Also, the petition of William
WnglU and 2!j other*, of Winnebago county, m Wisconsin,
praying for a pioportional reduction of postage on all news-
papers not containing more than 500 snuare inches.
By Mr. GOTT: The remonstrance of Squire Munro and
29 others, citizens of Onondaga county, New York, arid the
remonstrance of Burr Burton and 34 others, citizens of said
county, against the passage of any law renewing and contin-
uing the patent of Jethro Wood for a can-iron plough.
Also, the remonstrance of the people of the town of Onou-
daga, in said county, m town meeting assembled, upon the
same subjcct.
By Mr. RfCHEY: The petition of James "A. Adair and
54 other citizens of Morgan county, Ohio, praying that the
act of Congress passed March 3,1847, requiring the payment
of postage on newspapers within 30 miles be repealed, and
also a reduction of letter postage.
By Mr. EMBREE : A petition and application of John F.
Staser, for a military land warrant, under the act of Con-
gress of 11th February, 1847.
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: The memorial of Pro-
fessor Dewey and several of the druggists of Rochester,New
York, praying for a law subjecting i mported articles intended
lor medical use to competent inspection, and if found base
or spurious, to confiscation and destruction.
BvMr. NELSON : The remonstrance of Reuben R.Finch
and28l other farmers and manufacturers of ploughs, of West-
chester county, New York, against the passage of any law
renewing or extending the patent of Jethro Wood for the
casi-iron plough.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Robert Hooke and 26
others, citizens of East Tennessee, prating Congress to
grant some compensation to them and others in consequence
of valuable military services rendered m repelling the ag-
gression of the Indians in the early settlement of that part
of the country.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of Aaron Kline and many
other citizens of the city of New York, to limit the amount
of land to be purchased and held, and for the cessation of the
sale ofthe public lands as at present, and for the lavuigthem
out in farms and lots for actual settlers not possessed of other
laud. Also, the petition of William J. Morgan and other
citizens of New York, for the same. Also, the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the citv of New York, for
the return of duties (in goods destroyed by the great fire m
that citv in 1845.
By Mr. ST. JOHN: The remonstrance of J. IT. Corwin
and other citizens of Orange comitv, New Yoik, against the
renewal or extension of the patent formerly granted to
Jethro Wood for the cast iron plough.
By Mr. CONGER: The romonstnnce of 40 citizens and
farmers of Cortland eountv, New York, against the further
extension ofthe patent of Jethro Wood.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio- From .Tame* McLaughlin and
48 other citizens of Morgan county, Ohio, praying a repeal
of so much of the act of 3d Maich, 18-17, as subjects to the
payment of postage newspaper* circulating thiough the mail
within thirty miles of the office of publication, and for a
more efficient and unifoim s\stem of cheap postage.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 18, 1848.
Mr. ATCHTSONpresented a petition of citizens
ofthe United States residing in the Wyandot na-
tion, in the Indian territory, praying a reduction of
the rates of postage on newspapers; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a document relating to the claim of Joseph
Barclay, a soldier in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, to an allowance of bounty land; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MANGIJM presented the petition of Wil-
liam Davis -and others, praying that the right to
purchase the timber on certain public, lands in Ala-
bama may be granted to them; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Waterloo to Sparta, iri that State; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the petition of Car-
oline E. Clitherall, widow of George C. Clitherall,
on the files of the Senate, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On-motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it was ordered,
that Scott, White & Co. have leave to withdraw
their petition and papers.
Mr. RREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Officc and Po«t
Roiute bo in^tiucted to inquire into the expediency ofestab-
hshing a post route from Waterloo, bv Red Bud and Fayette-
ville to Sparta, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lutions for consideration; which were ordered to
be printed:
Resolved, That the amount collected by the army of the
United States in Mcaico, from the revenues of that Repub-
lic, and from the contributions Ipvied on the people thereof
by order ofthe President of the United States forthe support
of the army, ought to be applied to the payment pro rata of
the awards in favor of claimants under the convention be-
tween the United States and the Mexican Republic, of the
II fh of April, 1839, for which the proceeds of the direct
taxes of the Mevican Republic were solemnly pledged by
the convention ofthe 30th of January, 1843.
Resolved, That it pertains exclusively to Congress to raise
and support armies by appropriations of money to that use
for a limited term ; and that no power is conferred i>y the
Constitution on the President to apply any moneys collected
under the authority of the United States, to the support of
the armv, without h specific appropriation theretor.
Rewired. That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate a particular account of all moneys collect-
ed fiom the revenues of Mexico, or from military contribu-
tions levied by his authority, and of the manner in which
the same has been disposed of, or applied.
