1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
quoted by the Senator from Missouri, whilst we
deliberated the aged widow starved.
The amendment was agreed to; and no further
amendment being made, the bill was reported to
the Senate, and the amendment concurred in.
And the bill was read a third" time and passed.
adjournment over.
On motion, it was ordered'that when the Senate
adjourns, it be to Monday next.
the ten-regiment bill.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force.
Mr. GREENE, who was entitled to the floor, said,
that when the act of 13th May, 1846, was passed,
he was absent on a visit to his family. He had
since voted in favor of all supplies^ but having
made up his mind to vote against this bill, he
thought it due, even at this late period of the ses-
sion, to himself and his constituents, to assign his
reasons. He did not expect to change a vote, but
he must yield to the convictions of duty, which
would not permit him to be silent. He would
have voted for the law of May, 1846, had he been
present, because it was represented that our army
under General Taylor was in peril.
He considered the war as illegally commenced
by the President when he issued the order to
General Taylor to march to the Rid Grande.
The first proposition he laid down was, that the
object of the war are changed. The idea of the
conquest of Mexico was never intended or avowed
when the war commenced. He referred to the
message of the President of the 4th August, 1846, in
which it is said that we ought to pay a reasonable
price for any territory which Mexico might be
willing to cede, and disavowing explicitly any idea* j
of conquest. The same tone is perceptible in sub- !
sequent messages. >
He contrasted the language of the messages from
which tie had read, with that of his message at the
commencement of this session of Congre&s. It is
now declared that we ought to prosecute the war
until we compel Mexico to make peace, and that wo
ought to retain the territory we have conquered as
an indemnity for the expenditures we have incur-
• red. The President says he is satisfied the prov-
inces of New Mexico and California should never
be surrendered to Mexico, and recommends that
wc establish a government over them. It is clear,
from this change of tone, that he now looks to the
acquisition of this territory by conquest. So op-
posed is this language to that which ho formerly
used with reference to the war, that it clearly jus-
tifies all who are against the conquest of Mcxico
in voting against this bill.
The fact was, we had received nothing from the
war-nmking power, or the Executive, deli nincrexpli-
citly theobjectaof the war. We linvconly indefinite
phrases; and we are left to infer these objects from
the speeches of political leaders here and through-
out the country, lie refcired to General Hous-
ton's speech at a meeting at Tammany Hall.
Speeches at these public meetings, from high quar-
ters, gave a tone to public opinion; and when they
are heretical, are calculated to do great mischief;
to be dangerous to those who heard, and those who
were absent. He quoted the part of the speech
which described the people of the United States as
land-loving people, ever since the Pilgrims, who
landed at Plymouth Rock, had robbed the Indians.
And when the Senator from Mississippi asked i
what was to be done with Mexico, there was a i
cry "annex it." The Senator said he was not \
prepared for that, but circumstances might bring '
that result. I
He then referred to the resolutions submitted by '
Mr. Bagby, especially the second, which asserts
that conquest is a legitimate mode of acquiring ter-
ritory. lie then quoted from a letter received by
him, with an extract from a newspaper containing
opinions expressed by Mr. Bagby to his constitu-
ents, which were consistent with the resolutions.
He then adverted to the resolutions offered by
Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Hanntkoan, as calculated
to deepen the impression in the public mind that the
conquest of the whole of Mcxico is designed.
The chairman of the Military Committee disavows
this intention, but says it wouW not kill us to swal-
low the whole of Mexico. The chairman of the
Foreign Relations lmd indicated that if this was to
be made an issue in the next Presidential contest,
he would be ready to go for the whole of Mexico.
These were indeed butshadows,but"comingevents
cast their shadows before." He referred to the
agitation of the Texas question during the last
Presidential contest, and felt an apprehension that
the Mexican question was to be made the issue at
the next.
The second proposition he laid down was, as to
the right of the Government of the United States
to hold foreign territory by the title of conquest
merely. He took a view of the character and
objects of those who framed the Constitution, and
of its provisions. He stated that the purchase of
Louisiana was not justified by Mr. Jefferson on
the ground of its constitutionality, but on the
ground of its necessity, and the advantages it
promised. It was to benefit the Western States,
by giving them an outlet for their products. In a
letter to Mr. Breckenridge, of August, 1803, he
explains himself to this effect, stating that he might
be required to appeal to the people for an amend-
ment of the Constitution, which did not authorize
the holding of foreign territory. In another letter,
to General Lincoln, dated 30th August, Mr. Jef-
ferson makes suggestions bearing out the same
idea. In another letter, to Wilson C. Nicholas, the
same construction of the constitutional power was
given.
The same opjnion was entertained by Mr. Madi-
son, Mr. Adams, and other leading statesmen of
that day. The silence of the people, however,
may have been regarded as giving assent to the
act, and as being virtually an amendment of the
Constitution. The Constitution required the ac-
quiescence of two-thirds of the Senate to a treaty
to render it valid. This was intended as a pro-
tection to the States which framed the compact.
But the annexation of Texas was consummated by
a joint resolution, and thus this security was de-
stroyed.
We are now required to take one more step—to
acquire the possession of Mexico hy conquest.
We are bound to pause before we adopt this new
principle laid down by the President, which would
carry us on to the extension of our Republic just
so far as we can find contiguous territory, accord-
ing to the language of the Senator from New
York. ~
The third proposition was, as to the expediency
of the proposed annexation of Mexico, or the
annexation of any territory beyond the limits we
now possess. He deprecated any annexation, be-
cause it would necessarily bring up the question
of slavery, as was already proved by the move-
ment of the Senator from New York. He referred
to the terms of-the original compromise, which
was ratified by Congress, and to which the north-
ern States had faithfully adhered. The purchase
of Louisiana had added to the slave States; and a
further purchase will be objected to by the free
States, on the ground that it will be an infringe-
ment of this compact, to winch they are consci-
entiously opposed. And would it then be said,
that this would not threaten the existence of our
own institutions? He saw nothing but evil in the
prospect of this annexation; nothing to be desired
in the idea of manifest destiny, linking us forever
to this dead body. The mass of Mexicans, igno-
rant, unenlightened, varying in complexion as they
are, have all the rights of freemen in their present
condition. Are we ready to give them the same
rights as a portion of the United States?
Mr. FOOTE suggested that the four millions of
Indians in Mexi<^> had not for many years pos-
sessed just rights.
Mr. GREENE said, authorities varied on this
point. He could not look at the possibility of
annexation without feeling his taste rebel against
his coming in communion with Mexicans.
Mr. SEVIER stated, that there were not above
six thousand negroes in Mexico.
Mr. GREENE went on to remark, that the hold-
ing of Mexico involved the necessity of keeping
up a standing army equal to that required to con-
quer her. We could not expect to keep quiet
possession, as in Louisiana.
The last proposition with which he would trouble
the Senate is, the effect of keeping a standing army
on our institutions. The army now in Mexico is
forty-five thousand men, and we were now called
on to add, in regulars and volunteers, thirty thou-
sand more. He considered such a force as entirely
; unnecessary for any legitimate object. Itis intended
to conquer all the residue of Mexico. Looking at
• annexation as likely to grow out of an acquies-
cence in the policy-of-the President, he considered
it one of the greatest evils which could befall our
country. He could not, 'therefore', vote &r this
bill.
Mr. MASON look the floor, and moved that the
Senate adjourn; but afterwards withdrew, the mp-
tion.
private bill.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of J. W. Nye,
assignee of Peter Bargy and Hugh Stewart, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading; and the report ordered to be printed.
inviolability of franks.
JMr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads l>e instructed to inquire into the propriety and neces-
sity of providing hy law, that nofiank of ruiy letter or packet,
otherwise valid, shall be held or treated as invalid bv reason
of the direction of such packet or letterbeingm a handwriting
different from that of the frank.
Mr. BADGER asked for its immediate consid-
eration.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution, by unanimous consent.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to make a single re-
mark by way of showing the necessity for the
adoption of this resolution. As the law at present
stands, all letters and packages, under the weight
of two ounces, may be sent and received by mem-
bers of Congress free of postage. The Post Office
Department has introduced a proviso into this law,
providing that members who frank letters and
documents shall also direct them. This is an un-
warranted interference. It is a proviso not con-
tained in the law. It is a serious inconvenience,
and, m my humble opinion, is a gross indignity to
members of this bod v. A gentleman, who is a
member of the other House, showed me, to-dny,
a package which he had sent to his sister at school.
The frank had been stricken off, and postage
charged, although both the frank and the direction
were written by himself, as he tells me, with dif-
ferent pens.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The Postmaster General
has rectified this matter some days since. It will
do no harm to anybody; but there is no necessity
for any action. Some days since, I was informed,
letters written for me, anil at my request, and on
my business, public and private, by a friend and
constituent who was here, because directed by
him, though franked by me, were charged with
postage, and my frank erased. I felt indignantafc
it as an outrage. On inquiry, 1 found the same
rule hud been adopted as to all members of Con-
gress. Supposing it was the fault of the city
postmaster, or his clerks, I called at the General
Post Office, to have them instructed properly; and
the Postmaster General being away, I saw Mr.
Brown, the First Assistant, and complained of the
erasure as unlawful. Subsequently, a few days
ago, the city postmaster informed me that he had
received instructions to let all franked letters and
documents pass, whether directed by the person
franking or not.
Mr. BADGER. Documents, not letters.
Mr. WESTCOTT. No, sir—letters and docu-
ments both. I was particular in my inquiry, and
he expressly told me the instructions applied to
both.
Mr. BADGER. All that is desired to be at-
tained by the resolution now presented is, that we
shall all stand upon the same footing as the Sena-
tor from Florida. Tfithas been rectified in regard
to him, let it be so generally.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I merely rise to state
that perhaps I have as much reason to complain of
post office regulations as any member of this body.
I have suffered from them grievously. When I
was a member of the other House, my constitu-
ents were, on one occasion, charged six hundred
dollars for a few speeches which I franked to them.
It was done in this way: I wrote the frank, and
got my wife to direct them; I left the city in the
morning, and, as I was afterwards told, the speeches
were not sent to the post office until the next day.
The franks were all erased, and those to whom
they were sentPwere charged a dollar and a quarter
postage on each, amounting to about six hundied
dollars. Thus this amount was taken from my
district by the assumption of the post office to de-
grade me by refusing my frank. The envelopes,
