880-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
a great many of them, were sent back to me to j
Show the abuse that had been practised by the
post office. I have made it a rule, since I have j
been in Congress, never to frank for others. Du- '}
ring the last summer, conceiving that I had a right j
to send and receive all my letters free of postage,
I franked those which I sent to Louisville; and I 1
was afterwards informed that the franks were
erased and postage charged regularly. Another
gentleman has told me that he was served in the
same way. It is a palpable misconstruction of the
law; and it is really time that we should take the
subject under our consideration, and prescribe a
remedy.
Mr. CASS. What is the purpose of the reso-
lution? Is it an inquiry whether the law has been
violated ?
Mr. BADGER. The object is to change the
law, and render it more explicit.
Mr. CASS. Why, the law is clear in itself, is
it not?
At the request of several Senators, the resolution
was again read by the Secretary.
Mr. CALHOUN. I really doubt the propriety
of adopting this resolution. There is uo authority,
as 1 understand, by which the Postmaster General
is authorized to put such a construction as he may
think proper upon a law of Congress. The reso-
lution ought to be in the form of an assertion of
our rights.
Mr. BADGER. I will cheerfully concur in any
resolution which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina may think proper to propose in regard to
this matter, svhich will secure to us our rights.
And 1 will go further, and express a clear and
decided condemnation of the practice, on the part
of any officers of this Government, of not only in-
terpreting our laws in a way to suit «their own
views, but of amending them. I would make it
an offence, punishable in a high degree, upon pros-
ecution in the'courts of the United States, in case
any postmaster should dare to charge postage upon
letters that are franked by those who are entitled
to the franking privilege.
Mr. CALHOUN. I submit to the honorable
Senator whether or not the right exists on the part
of any officer of the Government to put his own
jnterpietation upon a Jaw of Congress. I am not
aware that it is so. I would suggest as the proper
course to be pursed, to call upon the Postmaster
General to state upon what principle it is that he
gives the construction to the law which he has j
given; and after we have received a reply from i
him, then let a resolution be passed indicative of !
the sense of this body in regard to it. j
Mr. SEVIER. I think that if Senators will ,
take the trouble to look at the law, they will find j
that the postmaster has done exactly what the law
requires; yet I am in favor of the resolution. I
had my attention called to this subject last year.
I had occasion to send a letter to Alexandria.
The postmaster there disregarded my frank; I
wrote him rather a warm letter; and he came up
and took the trouble to look out the provisions of
the law, and the result was, that I apologized for
the trouble I had given him. If Senators will look
at the law, I think they will be satisfied that the
construction given to it is right; and I admit that
It ought to be modified, font is impossible for us
in all cases to direct our documents ourselves.
Mr. BADGER. I think that the Senator is
under a misapprehension. An alteration has been
made in regard to the franking privilege by an act
of Inst session.
Mr. BADGER quoted from the act.
Mr. NrLES. I concur entirely with the hon-
orable Senator from Arkansas. My opinion is,
that the law ia correctly construed, and that prob-
ably it will be right to remove the difficulty which
the Senator has alluded to by an enactment. If
the department has given an illiberal construc-
tion to the law, it may be necessary to pass a
declaratory act. I know how the law was form-
erly, as I had the honor to be for a short time in
the department. The question has never been con-
sidered there sis turning upon the circumstances of
directing the letters or packages; it has been placed
on a more substantial foundation; and that is,
whose act is the sending of the document? If a
document is sent, and the department is satisfied
that it cannot be the act of the person whose frank
it bears, postage is very properly charged. The
mere fact of getting another individual to do the
writing, however, does not change the act so far
as the pending the letter or the document is con-
cerned; it remains the act of the person franking
it, and has always been so regarded. I apprehend
that the law is right as it is; but 1 have no objection
to inquire whether any amendment may be made,
though I would not assume that it is wrong.
Mr. FOOTE earnestly deprecated adjudication
without investigation. He hoped that the Senate
would never despise the great principle of justice
imbodied in the saying—" strike, but first hear
me."
The resolution was then agreed to.
CHEROKEE COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to trans-
mit to the Senate the volumes containing the pioeeedings
of Messrs. Raton and Kubley, commissioners under the treaty
of 1835 and 13,33, between the United States and the Chero-
kee nation of Indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
agreeably to law, a report of the Second Comptrol-
ler, showing the appropriations, under the direc-
tion of the department, for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1847; the amountdrawn from the treas-
ury: and the balances on the 1st July, 1847; which
was read and ordered to be printed.
The bill for the relief of John Black, late consul
of the United States at the city of Mexico, was
read the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and no amendment being
made, it was reported to the Senate, read a third
time, and passed.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 21, 1848.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. McCLERNAND introduced a hill to create
the office of surveyor general of the public lands in
the Territory of Oregon, and to grant donation
rights to settlers therein, and for other purposes.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NELSON presented the remonstrance of
Harrison Chanman and 117 other farmers of Put-
nam county, New York, against the passage of
any law renewing or extending the patent granted
to Jethro Wood for the cast-iron plough. Referred
to the Committee on Patents. *
Mr. WILSON presented three remonstrances
of a similar character from citizens of New Hamp-
shire; which were referred to the Committee on
Patents.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER commenced the call of the
States for petitions, commencing with the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, and calling "backwards. Pe-
titions were presented—
From Iowa: By Mr. LEFFLER. *
From Illinois: By Mr. TURNER.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, presented joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Michigan,in re-
lation to the permanent enrolmentof the first regi-
ment of the Michigan volunteers into the service
of the United States. Referred to the Committee !
on Military Affairs. j
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, I
Resolved. That the Committee on Commeice inquire into :
the expediency of establishing a marine hospital at the city 1
of Chicago, al-o, as to the expediency of placing wrought :
iron buovs to mark out the channel of the rtt. Clair river; ,
al«o, into the expediency of constructing ahght-house at !
Port du Mortj oi Death's Door, in Wisconsin.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Rnolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Pom j
Road* be instructed to inquire into the expedient of e?tab- '
lishinga post-route between Fairfield and MaysviIIe, in the i
Stite of Illinois. |
Resolve^ That the Committee on Public Lands be m- j
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the j
benefit of the bounty-land system to officers of the army 1
who have become such by promotion from the ranks during
the war.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Bills, of which previous notice had been given,
were introduced, read, and re&rred, as follows :
By Mr. PHELPS : A bill to establishanother
judicial district in the State of Missouri, and for
i other purposes.
jj By Mr. HALL, of Missouri: A bill for the re-
'! lief of the volunteers engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States.
By Mr. FICKLfN : A bill to cede the public
lands within the limits of the new States on cer-
tain conditions.
By Mr- WENTWORTH: A bill to grant a
quantity of land to the State of Illinois for the pur-
pose of aiding in opening the navigation of the
Kakakee and Iroquois rivers, so as to connect with
the Illinois and Michigan canal, which connects
the Upper Lakes with the Mississippi river.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: A bill to
increase the pension of Henry Click, of Cocke
county, Tennessee.
NOTICE OF BILLS. _
Notice of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows :
By Mr. TWEEDY : A bill to reduce the mini-
I mum price of certain reserved public lands in the
Territory of Wisconsin, and to grant preemption
rights to the settleis thereon.
Also, a bill for the admission of the State of
Wisconsin into the Union.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: A bill authorizing the
State of Texas to extend her eastern and northern
boundaries, so as to include within the same one-
half of Sabine pass, Sabine lake, and Sabine river,
up to the thirty-second degree of north latitude;
and also one-half of Red river, from a point where
a line drawn due north from said thirty-two de-
grees of north latitude strikes said Red river, west-
ward to the degree of longitude one hundred west
from London and twenty-three from Washington.
By Mr. LEFFLER : A bill to donate to the
State of Iowa ccrtain alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Davenport to the Council Bluffs, on the Mis-
souri river.
THANKS TO MILITARY OFFICERS.
- Mr. CHASE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to offer the following
resolutions :
Resolved, 4*c., That the thank* of Congress are due, and
are heiebv tendeied, to Brigadier Genmal D. E. Twiggs,
Biever Major Genera! W.J. Worth, Major General G.J.
Pillow, and Brigadier Gcneial James Shields, and, through
them. to the officers and soldiers of the regular and volun-
teer corp* tinder their command, for their gallantly and mil-
itary ckill, displayed at the srege and capture of the city of
Voia Cru/ and the c.vtle of San Juan rle Ulna, March, 1847; ^
attiie ^tormina of Ccrro Gordo, \piil, 1847; at the desperate
battles of Oontrera5?, San Antonio, and Chin ubusoo, August,
1847; and at the «angumaiy engagements before the city of
Mexico, September, 1S47.
That the thanks of Congress are herebv tendered to Major
General R. Patterson, and through him to the olhcer* and
soldiois under his command, for their gallant bearing at the
siege of Vera Cruz, and the capture of the castie of San Juan
de Ulua, and at the victory of Cerro Gordo, in March and
April, 1847.
That the thanks of Congress are due, and are herebv ten-
dered, to Major General John A. Quitman, and through him
to the officers and men under his command, fortheir heroism
and good conduct-at the fall of "VeraCruz and the strong
castle of San Juan de Ulua, and at the splendid victories
achieved by our arms in the valley of Mexico, in August and
September, 1847.
That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby ten-
dered, to Brigadier Generals Franklin Pierce, Persjfer F.
Smith, and George Cadwalader, and through them to the
officers and men under their command, for the military skill
and good conduct exhibited bv them at the splendid victones
obtained by our arrov in the valley and before ttie city of
Mexico, m August and September, 1847.
Revolver!, That these victories, following each other in
quick succession, and wrung from the enemy under all cir-
cumstances, create a doubt which to admire the most, the
j skill and gallantly of the commanders or the indomitable
j courage of the soldiers, which prompted this band of heroes
I to press forward into the heart of the enemy's country, over-
coming every obstacle, scattering the armies of Mexico like
chaff before the wind, until the most signal triumphs are
crowned bv the. possession of the far-famed " Halls of the
Montezuma?."
Resohed, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, reqne^tfd to cause to be struck eight gold med-
als. wnh devices emblematical of the series of brilliant vic-
tories achieved by the armv, and that one he presented to
! each of the generals named in these resolutions, as a testi-
I moriv of the'high <=ense entertained by Congress of their
i skill and good conduct in the brilliant campaigns of 1847.
Rao'ved, That the President of the United States he
requested to communicate these resolutions to the generals
specified in the foregoing resolutions, in such terms as he
may deem best calculated to give effect to the object there-
of; and that he be requested to cau^e an order to he issued
that they be read at the head of the several corps of the
| army.
j Objection being made,
I Mr. CHASE moved a suspension of the rules
j to allow him to introduce the resolutions.
! The yeas and n&vs were asked and ordered,
and being taken, resulted—yeas 110, nays 54, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barringer, Bedinger, Birdsall, Black:,
Bovvdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase,
