388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
that this understanding existed; and that, as the
resolutions of the Senator were submitted prior to
his, and those which he (Mr. B.) submitted were
antagonistic in their character, they had agreed to
move their consideration on the same day; He had
supposed, also, that the resolutions of the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Yulee] would have been post-
poned; but there was no agreement to that effect.
He had no disposition to violate this arrangement;
and he hoped nis resolutions would be informally
passed over, until the whole could be taken up.
Mr. RUSK said, this was a very exciting sub-
ject, and it might lead to a discussion which would
shake the existence of our institutions. There was
a time for all things. We have before us other
and more solemn matters demanding our attention.
A dispensation of Providence had fallen upon us,
which ought to admonish us not to go into the
discussion of exciting topics; and, to prevent a
firebrand from being thrown into the Senate—par-
ticularly to-day—he hoped the resolutions would
he placed in a situation to require a motion to call
them up.
Mr. BALDWIN hoped the Senator did not
understand that the resolutions had been taken up
at his instance. He would only say that their
language was precisely similar to the ninth of a
series of resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
Connecticut.
Mr. ALLEN moved to lay the resolutions on
the table, now and forever, and asked for the yeas
and nays.
Several Senators. That motion is already
made.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows—yeas 35, nays 11:
YEAS—Messr?. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Bell,
Benton, Bemen,Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun,
Cameron, Cass, Clarke, Clayton, D-ivu- of Mississippi, Dick-
inson, Douql.is, Down-, Foote, Hamiegan, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson ofGeoigia. Lewis, Manpum,
Mason, Moor,- Pearee, Rusk, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Tur-
nev—35.
NAYS—Messrs' Bagby, Baldwin, Corwin, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Davton, DiX, Greene, Miller, Niles, Spruance,
and Upham—11.
A bill to repeal the pilot act was taken up, and
passed over informally.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jacques Moulon, was taken up, read a second
time, considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and ordeied to a third reading; it was then read a
third tune, and passed.
A bill for the relief of Fernando Fellauny was
taken up, and read a second time, when its further
consideration was informally passed over.
DEATH OF HON. J* Q., ADAMS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing the death of the lion.
John GLuincy Adams, a member of that body, who
expired on Wednesday evening, the 23d instant,
in the Capitol, and the proceedings of the House
of Representatives thereupon.
The message having been read—
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, rose, and thus
addressed that body:
Mr. President: By the recent affliction of my
colleague, a painful duty devolves upon me. The
message just delivered from the House, proves
that the hand of God has been again among us.
A great and good man has gone from our midst.
If, in speaking of John GUjincy Adams, I can give
utterance to the language of my own heart, I am
confident I shall meet with a response from the
Senate.
He was born in the then Province of Massa-
chusetts, while she was girding herself for the sreat
revolutionary struggle which was then beforeher.
His parentage is too well known to need even an
allusion; yet I may be pardoned if I say, that his
father seemed born to aid in the establishment of
our free Government, and his mother was a suit-
able companion and colaborer of such a patriot.
The cradle hymns of the child were the songs of
liberty. The power and competence of man for
self-government were the topics which he most
frequently heard discussed by the wise men of the
day, and the inspiration thus caught gave form
and pressure to his after life. Thus early imbued
with the love of free institutions, educated by his
father for the service of his country, and early led
by Washington to its altar, he has stood before
the world as one of its eminent statesmen. He
has^ occupied, in turn, almost everyplace of honor
which the country could give him, and for more
than half a century has been thus identified with
its history. Under any circumstances, I should
feel myself unequal to the task of rendering justice
to his memory; but, with the debilitating effect of
bad health still upon me, I can only, with extreme
brevity, touch upon some of the most prominent
features of his life.
While yet a young man, he was, in May, 1794,
appointed Minister Resident to the States General
of the United .Netherlands. In May, 1796, two
years after, he was appointed Minister Plenipoten-
tiary at Lisbon, in*5?ortugal. These honors were
conferred on him by George Washington, with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
In May, 1797, he was appointed Minister Pleni-
potentiary to the King of Prussia. In March, 1798,
and probahly while at Berlin, he was appointed a
.commissioner with full powers to negotiate a treaty
of amity and commerce with Sweden.
After his return to the United States, he was
elected by the Legislature of Massachusetts a Sen-
ator, and discharged the duties of that station in
this Chamber from the 4th of March, 1803, until
June, 1808, when, differing from his colleague and
from his State upon a great political question, he
resigned his scat. In June, 1809, he was nomi-
nated and appointed Minister Plenipotentiary to
the Court of St. Petersburgh.
While at that court, in February, 1811, he was
appointed an Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to fill a vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Judge Cushing, but never
took his seat upon the Bench.
In May, 1813, he, with Messrs. Gallatin and
Bayard, was nominated Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to negotiate a treaty of
peace with Great Britain, under the mediation of
Russia, and a treaty of commerce with Russia.
From causes which it is unnecessary to notice,
nothing was accomplished under this appointment.
But afterwards,in January, 1814, he, with Messrs.
Gailatm, Bayard, Clay, and Russell, were appoint-
ed Ministers Plenipotentiary and Extraordinary to
negotiate a treaty of peace and a treaty of com-
-merce with Great Britain. This mission succeed-
ed in effecting a pacification, and the name of Mr.
Adams is subscribed to the treaty of Ghent.
After this eventful crisis in our public affairs, he
was, in February, 1815, selected by Mr. Madison
to represent the country and protect its interests at
the Court of St. James, and he remained there as
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotenti-
ary until Mr. Monroe became President of the
United States.
On the 5th of March, 1817, at the commence-
ment of the new administration, he was appointed
Secretary of State, and continued in the office while
that gentleman was at the head of xhe administra-
tion.
In 1825 he was elected his successor, and dis-
charged the duties of President for one term, end-
ing on the 3d of March, 1829.
Here followed a brief period of repose from pub-
lic service, and Mr. Adams retired to the family
mansion at Gtuincy, but was elected a member of
the House of Representatives from the district in
which he lived at the next election which occurred
after his return to it, and took his seat in Decem-
ber, 1831: he retained it by successive elections to
the day of his death.
I have not ventured on this occasion beyond a
bare enumeration of the high places of trust and
confidence which have been conferred upon the
deceased. The service covers a period of more
than half ft century; and what language can 3 em-
ploy which will portray more forcibly the great
merits of the deceased, the confidence reposed in
him by the public, or the ability with which he
discharged the duties devolved upon him, than by
this sun pie narration of recorded facts ? An ambi-
tious man could notdesire a more emphaticeulogy.
?vlr. Adams, however, was not merely a states-
man, but a ripe, accomplished scholar, who, during
a life of remarkably well-directed industry, made
those great acquirements which adorned his char-
acter, and gave to it the manly strength of wisdom
and intelligence.
As a statesman and patriot, he will rank among
the illustrious men of an age prolific in great names',
and greatly distinguished for its progress in civili-
zation. The productions of his pen are proofs of
a vigorous mind, imbued with a profound knowl-
edge of what it investigates, and of a memory
which was singularly retentive and capacious.
But his character i3 not made up of those con-
spicuous qualities alone. He will be remembered
for the virtues of private life—for his elevated moral
example—for his integrity—for his devotion to hist
duties as a Christian, as a neighbor, and as the
head of a family. In all these relations, few per-
sons have seta more steadfast or brighter example,
and few have descended to the grave where the
broken ties of social and domestic affection have
been more sincerely lamented. Great as may be
the loss to the public of one so gifted and wise, it
is by the family that his death will be most deeply-
felt. His aged and beloved partner, who has so-"
long shared the honors of his career, and to whom
all who know her are bound by the ties of friend-
ship, wiU believe that we share her grief, mourn
her bereavement, and sympathize with her in her
affliction.
It is believed to have been the earnest wish of
his heart to die, like Chatham, in the midst of his
labors. It^vas a sublime thought, that where he
had toiled in the house of the nation, in hours of
the day devoted to its service, the stroke of death
should reach him, and ther^ sever the ties of love
and patriotism which bound him to earth. He fell-
in his seat, attacked by paralysis, of which he had
before been avictinf. To describe the scene which
ensued would be impossible. It was more than the
spontaneous gush of feeling which all such events
call forth, so much to the honor of our nature. It
was the expression of reverence for his moral worth;
of admiration for his great intellectual endowments,
and of veneration for his" age and public services.
All gathered round the sufferer, and the strong
sympathy and deep feeling which manifested itself
showed that the business of the House (which was
instantly adjourned) was forgotten amid the dis-
tressing anxieties of the moment. He was soort
removed to the apartment of the Speaker, where
he remained surrounded by afflicted friends till
the weary clay resigned its immortal spirit. "This
is the end of earth !" Brief but emphatic words-
They were among the last uttered by the dying-
Ch ristian.
Thus has closed the life of one whose purity,,
patriotism, talents, and learning, have seldom been
seriously questioned. To say that he had faults,
would only be declaring that he was human. Let
him who is exempt fiom error venture to point
them out. In this long career of public life, it
would be strange if the venerable man had not
met with many who have differed from him in
sentiment, or wfyo have condemned his acts. If
there be such, let the mantle of oblivion be thrown
over each unkind thought. Let not the grave of
the old man eloquent be desecrated by unfriendly
remembrances, but let us yield our homage to his
many virtues, and let it be our prayer that we may
so perform our duties here, that if summoned in a
like sudden and appalling manner, we may not be
found unprepared or unable to utter his words, "I
am composed."
Mr. President, with this imperfect sketch of the
character and service of a great man, I leave the
subject in the hands of the Senate by moving the
resolutions which I send to the Chair:
R&olvd, That the Senate has received with deepsensi-
bihty the me^ase from the House of Representatives an-
nouncing the death of the honoiable John Qoingy Adams,
a r«'pie?(jntative from rhe State of Ma«=saohu«ett*.
Resolved, That in token of respect foi the memory of the
deceased, the Senate will attend his funeral at the hour ap-
pointed by the Housp of Repieperitatives, and will wear the
u*nai badge of mourning for thirty dav«.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the decea^M, the Senate do now adjourn until Sat-
urday ne\t, lo the time appointed for the funeral.
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. BENTON, of Missouri, addressed the Sen-
ate as follows: Mr. President: The voice of his
native State has been heard, through one of the
Senators of Massachusetts, announcing the death
of her aged and most distinguished son. The voice
of the other Senator from" Massachusetts is not
heard, nor is his presence seen. A domestic calam-
ity, known to us all, and felt by us all, confines
him to the chamber of private grief, while the
Senate is occupied with the public manifestations
of a respect and sorrow which a national loss in-
spires. In the absence of that Senator, and as the
member of this body longest here, it is not unfit-
ting or unbecoming m me to second the motion
which has been made for extending the last honors
of the Senate to him who, forty-five years ago,
was a member of this body, who, at the time of
his death, was among tlT« oldest member* of ths
