1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
House of Representatives, and who, putting the
years of his service together, was the oldest of all
the members of the American Government.
The eulogium of Mr. Adams is made in the facts
of his life, which the Senator from Massachusetts
{Mr. Davis] has so strikingly stated, that, from
early manhood to octogenarian age, he has been
constantly and most honorably employed in the
public service. For a period of more than fifty
, years, from the time of hi* first appointment as
minister abroad under Washington to his last elec-
tion to the House of Representatives by the people
of his native district, he has been constantly re-
tained in the public service, and that, not by the
favor of a sovereign, or by hereditary title, but by
the elections and appointments of republican gov-
ernment. This fact makes the eulogy of the illus-
trious deceased. For what, except a union of all
the qualities which command the esteem and con-
fidence of man, could have ensured a public service
so long, by appointments free and popular, and
from sources so various and exalted? Minister
many times abroad: member of this body; mem-
ber of the House of Representatives; Cabinet min-
ister; President of the United States; such has been
the galaxy of his splendid appointments. And
what but moral excellence the most perfect; intel-
lectual ability the most eminent; fidelity the most
unwavering; service the most useful, would have
commanded such a succession of appointments so
exalted, and from sources so various and so emi-
nent? Nothing less could have commanded such a
series of appointments; and accordingly we see the
union of all these great qualities in him who has
received them.
In this long career of public service Mr. Adams
was distinguished not only by faithful attention to
eli the greatduties of his stations, buttoall their less
and minor duties. He was not the Snlaminian
galley, to be launched only on extraordinary occa-
sions, but he was the ready vessel, always launch-
ed when the duties of his station required it, be the
occasion great or small. As President, as Cabinet
minister, as minister abroad, he examined all
questions that came before him, and examined all,
in all their parts, in all the minutia of their detail, as
well as in ail the vastness of their comprehension.
As Senator, and as a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the obscure committee room was as
much the witness of his laborious application to
the drudgery of legislation as the halls of the two
Houses were to the ever-ready speech, replete with
knowledge, which instructed all hearers, enlight-
ened all subjects, and gave dignity and ornament
to debate.
In the observance of all the proprieties of life,
Mr. Adams was a most noble and impressive ex-
ample. He cultivated the® minor as well as the
greater virtues. Wherever lus presence could give
aid and countenance to what was useful and hon-
orable to mail, there he was. Jn the exercises of
the school and of the college—in the meritorious
meetings of the agricultural, mechanical, and com-
mercial societies—in attendance upon Divine wor-
ship—he gave the punctual attendance rarely seen
but in those who are free from the weight of pub-
tic cares.
Punctual to every duty, death found him at the
post of duty; and where else could it have found
nim, at any stage of his career, for the fifty years
of his illustrious public life? From the time of
his first appointment by Washington to his last {
election bv the people of his native town, where I
could death have found him but at the post of duty? j
At that post, m the fullness of age, in the ripeness
of renown, crowned with honors, surrounded by j
his family, his friends, and admirers, and in the
very presence of the national representation, he has
been gathered to his fathers, leaving behind him the
memory of public services which are the history of
his country for half a century, and the example of
a life, public and private, which should be the
study and the model of the generations of his
countrymen.
When Mr. B. concluded, the resolutions were
unanimously adopted, and the Senate adjourned to
Saturday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 26, 1848.
Pursuant to the resolve of both Houses of Con-
gress, this day was set apart for rendering to the
remains of the deceased patriot and statesman, the
honorable, John &uincy Adams, the last human
tribute.*
The SPEAKER having taken the chair, the
Journal of Thursday was read. Soon after, the
Senate entered, preceded by their presiding officer.
He took his seat on the left of the Speaker. As
the Senators passed up the centre aisle and took
their seats, the Speaker and members-of the House
rose, and continued standing til! they had taken
the seats assigned them. Soon after, the Presi-
dent of the United States entered the Hall, and
was received by all in like manner, while he took
his seat on the right of the Speaker. The mem-
bers of the Cabinet occupied seats in front of the
Senators, and opposite to the Foreign Ministers.
The Judges of the Supreme Court, preceded by
their officers, passed up to seats on the right of the
Clerk's desk. The relatives of the deceased were
next conducted to a position reserved for them on
the extreme left. Next entered the members of
the Legislature of Maryland, preceded by the offi-
cers and chaplain of that body—the Legislature,
sitting at Annapolis, having passed resolutions to
attend the funeral. Next entered the corporate
authorities of Washington, headed by their respect-
ive officers, who were conducted to places by the
officers of the House. At length came the body,
escorted by the Committee of Arrangements, and
followed by the delegation of Massachusetts as
mourners. The Speaker, the President of the
Senate, the officers of both Houses, the members
of the committee of arrangements, the pall bearers,
and attendant physicians wore white scarfs. The
whole assemblage being thus at length completed,
the deep silence of expectation pervaded the Hall.
Not a rude sound, and scarcea sound of any kind,
was to be heard among the waiting thousands who
crowded the galleries and lobbies in every spot
where a human being could find room to stand.
The Chaplain of the House, the Rev. Mr. Gur- !
ley, then rose and read an appropriate portion of j
* At an early hour men in uniform might be scon hasten-
ing to then respective places of parade, while numerous
groups of citizens and strangers were flocking from all direc-
tions toward the Capitol.
By a judicious arrangement, the doors of that vast build-
ing were tbrowu open to the gathering multitudes, while
those of the Hall of the House of Representatives, where the
funeral ceremonies were to.take place, Were, closed to all
hut the members and officers of the llouae. The ladies'gal-
lery was rapidly filled up, all gentlemen without distinction
being peremptorily excluded. A certain portion of the semi-
circular gallery (usually occupied throughout by gentlemen
only) was partitioned off for the accommodation of a very
large choir of singer*, selected from those of the seveial
churches of the city.
The Hall was shrouded in black, and presented a very
solemn appearance This p:nt of the at rangcmcnts wn«
executed with gient taste and judgment by the ot'ieers of
the House, under the vugge^tion*. and kind supei vision of a
distinguished lady. The figure of Historj, *,«( <*<*iiil, (wlioip
graceful form surmounts (he clock, holding in hei hand-a
tablet and a pan.) was robed with consummate t.i-te and
judgment, the Wick diapeiy co\ ermg hei entire per-on, with
the exception of the arm holding the recorded pen, who-e
alabaster whiteness, in stiong contiastwith the sunounding
stole, had a tine ctiect; heightened as it was by the attitude
of th" head, which, turning towards one side, happened to
Invc its countenance in the very direction where stood the
vacant seat of Mr. Adams, as if in the act of recoiding the
solemn circumstances of Ins death. That scat, by order of
the House, was draped in the deepest mourning, and, bv the
fact of its vacancy, recalled eveiy beholdei to the blow
which had there fallen, like a thunderbolt from a cloudless
sky. The portiaits of Washinton and of I.kfayctte, on
either hand of the chair, were covered over with thin crape,
casting a melancholy dimness over the features, without
entirely concealing the in, the frames being co\ ered with a
deeper black. The effect of this, too, was ver\ fine, most
truly representing what would have been the feeling of both
those distinguished men. if alive to witness the solemn
scene; for Washington gave the deceased his first com-
mission, and Ijafavftte embraced him in his arms when
taking his last adieu of America.
The members gradually arrived and filled up their scats m
the Hall, a portion, however, being reserved for the Senate.
The space m the central area, in front of the Cleik's table
was furnished with seats for the Judges, th^ Cabinet, the
Diplomatic Corps and the Committee of Ai rangements, con-
sisting of one member from each State of the Union: while,
in its centre, stood a table, covered with a black velvet
pall, to snppoit the corpse.
Officers of the Army and Navv, as they entered the Hall,
had seats assigned them next in the rearofthe Foreign Min-
isters. By an unfortunate omi-eion, no seats were ie«erved
for the Clergy; but as a number of them arrived, not onlv
from the citv, but t?om Baltimore. Alexandria, and several
from Massachusetts, they were conducted by Hie offiecis of
the House to favorable positions.
The members of the Diplomatic Bode arrived severallv,
from time to tune, and not in a body: some of them mani-
fested their respect for the solemn occasion, and for the
presence of the assembled authorities of the nation, by ap-
pearing in their full official diesses, with their respective
orders and decorations, while other* seein to have deemed
it more appropriate to appear in simple hlaek. The contrast
could not but strike the eye.—National Intelligencer.
Holy Writ, and addressed the throne of Heavenly
Grace in a meek and devout prayer.
He then read a hymn which had been selected
for the occasion, ana which was sung with admir-
able skill and impressive effect by the choir. .As
the wailing notes swelled and sank away in melan-
choly cadence, their placid, stilling, and solemnizing
effect was obvious to the eye, in the countenances
of the listening auditory, and prepared them for
the address which followed, from these words in
Job, "Jind thine age shall be clearer than the noon*
day: thou shall shim fath, thou shall be,as the morn-
ing: and thou shall be secure, because there is /tope."—
(Chapter xi. 17.)
The address was followed by a closing hymn and
the Apostolic benediction, when the funeral pro-
cession began to be formed, the corpse was borne
out of the Hall, the several public bodies feH into
I their place, passing in succession along the broad
aisle and through the north door into the Rotundo,
and so out on the eastern portico, and down the
great flight of steps to the open area in front,
where carriages were in waiting to receive them.
The procession then moved in the following or-
der, to the Congressional Burying Ground, where
the body was deposited, but in a few days is to be
removed to Gtuincy:
Military escort of Cavalry and Infantry, of Wash-
ington and Alexandria.
Band.
The Chaplains of both Houses of Congress.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements.
Pall-Bearers:
Hon. J. J. McKay, N. C. "1 f Hon. Truman Smith, Con,
Hon. Linn Uoyd, Ken. I Hon. J. it. Ingersoll, Penn.
Hon J O. Calhoun, S C 1 Ci j Hon. T. H. lienton, Mo.
Chief Justice R. B. Taney, r £ 1 Hon. Justice J. McLean,
General George Gibson, Com. Charles Morris,
Hon. W. W. Scaton, j % (Hon. Thos. H. Crawford.
Mr. J. F. Harvey, Conductor of the Car.
The family and fiiends of the deceased.
The Senators and Representatives from the State
of Massachusetts, as mourners.
The Sergeant-ut-Arms of the House.
The House of Representatives of the United
States, preceded by their Speaker and Clerk*
The other officers of the House of Representatives.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
The Senate, preceded by their President and
Secretary.
The other officers of the Senate.
The President of the United State3.
The Heads of Departments.
The Judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and its officers.
The Judges of the Circuit and District Courts of
the District of Columbia, and its officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
The Comptrollers, Auditors, and other Heads of
Bureaus of the several Departments of the
Government, with their officers.
Officers of the Army and Navy at the seat of
Government.
Members of Maryland Legislature.
The Corporations of Washington and Alexandria.
The Columbia Typographical Society.
Officers and students of Georgetown College.
Officers and students of Columbia College.
Literary Institutions.
Fire Companies of the District.
Odd Fellows.
II Citizens and Strangers.
'<} The whole proceeding was conducted with great
ji decorum and dignity, and the universal interest ex-
cited among people of all classes to witness it
shows the deep hold the event itself had taken on
![ the public mind.
! | *The coffin was covered with black velvet and ornamented
;! with silver lace. The silver breastplate presented the rol-
■! lowing inscription:
John Qcinoy Adams,
An Inhabitant of Massachusetts, July U, HG7.
Died
A Citizen of the United States,
In the Capitol of Washington,
February 23,1848;
Having served his Country for Half acenturj,
• And
Enjoyed its Highest Honors.
