1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
indispensable item, which was to stop the wheels
of Government-as far as they could be stopped by
each a motion ? N-
He was not here for the purpose of eulogizing
the independent treasury, which the gentleman
had so frequently been pleased to term the sub-
treasury. In his opinion, it was one of the best
and most important acts ever passed by the Con-
gress of the United States; ana, so far as his por-
tion o'f the country was concerned—if he was not
greatly mistaken—it had redeemed and established
its character, not only with his party, but with
all intelligent business men of Philadelphia, for a
salutary influence upon the fiscal operations of the
country.
But he desired the honorable gentleman from
Ohio to tell him, if. he could, of any instance in
which he, (Mr. I.,) and the party with which he
was connected—a majority in the last Congress,
but~now reduced to a minority—had thrown an
obstacle in the way of those who were now the
majority interrogating the Executive in all its
branches? He had never voted against such a
resolution in his life, for this simple reason, that
he believed, in nineteen cases out of twenty, it was
to give to the Executive the opportunity of ex-
plaining something which appeared wrong; of
vindicating himself to the country by staging the
facts. And, if he mistook not, that was the course
of the party with which he was associated in the
last Congress; and he did not think the gentleman
from Ohio could point to any remarkable case in
which there was a refusal on their part to interro-
gate the President to the full length desired by the
Opposition.
He further remembered suggesting repeatedly
during that Congress, that under the law of 1789,
to which the independent treasury was but a sup-
plement, which authorized the House to call the
Secretary of the Treasury to this bar and require
him in person to give explanations, he repeatedly
proposed—not on this floor, but in conversation
with various gentlemen —that that provision should
be enforced, and, if need be, that the Secretary of
the Treasury should be called upon to appear be-
fore them. He particularly recollected making
that suggestion to a gentleman from Kentucky, not
now a member of Congress, who was then a very
forward and a very important opponent of the
present Administration, (Mr. Garrett Davis.) He
should like to know of an instance in wliich this
information was withheld. He knew of no such
instance; and when the charge was made he denied
it. He thought the gentleman from Ohio was
altogether mistaken; he thought the gentleman had
tiie same opportunity then that he certainly takes
now occasionally, of addressing the House and of
bringing resolutions to its notice, and he certainly
was never overruled in any of hisattempts to elicit
information.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and inquired if the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania said he
(Mr. S.) was mistaken when he stated that propo-
sitions of inquiry of the Executive departments
were many times voted down during the last Con-
gress ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Why, does not the gentle-
man remember we wanted to know something
about Santa Anna's pass? A resolution relating to
the operations under the sub-treasury, similar to
the very one to which we have been referring, was
also voted down. He could give the gentleman a
long string of resolutions that were voted down, or
not entertained at all, when the party with whom
he acted wanted to make any call upon the other
end of the avenue.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As to Santa Anna's pass,
I confess I am obliged to pass that, for I do not
recollect it.
As to the "three millions"—with which, from
the position which he then occupied upon the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, but from which he was
now relieved, he had had a great-deal to do—if the
gentleman from Ohio would take the trouble to
look into the act of Congress, as it was proposed
and enacted, and now stood on our statute-book,
he would see that the President was not at liberty
to spend one single dollar under any circumstances
that had hitherto taken place The act of Congress
was plain—explicit. The President had not spent
it, because he could not spend it; and any inquiry,
any suspicion, was answered by the act itself.
Now, as to the notice which the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio had taken of certain military
gentlemen, whose presence in this metropolis had
given him some umbrage, he was sure that the
gentleman could not fail to see that it was a little
unfair to attack these honorable members of an-
other profession when they had not an opportunity
of answering anything that was said. He did not
mean to say that the gentleman had said anything
to their disparagement; but a word had fallen from
him that had astonished him, (Mr. I.,) viz: that
military stock was falling. Why, was it falling
in Kentucky and Virginia too? If he was not mis-
taken, the conventions of those States had declared
in favor of a military gentleman, who, according
to the movements and notions of gentlemen on the
other side, was to be the successor of the peaceable
gentleman now in the Presidential chair.
[In reply to something said by some gentleman
in his seat, in relation to the nomination of General
Taylor in Virginia—]
Mr. I. said, he did not know who nominated
him ; but he had been nominated in two of the
most important States of this Union. He could
not, therefore, perceive that military stock was fall-
ing; but, on the contrary, it was rising very high—
far above par—not only in Mcxico, but here, there,
and everywhere, as far as he could understand.
He did not know how it might be in the great
State of the chairman, [Mr. Hunt, of New York;]
but, excepting that, it was only when we got into
the confederacy of "steady habits," as he was in-
formed, that this military stock was not very high
indeed. It seemed to him, therefore, that the gen-
tleman from Ohio was mistaken in this respect, as
he was sure he was mistaken in all other respects.
He had merely risen, therefore, for the purpose
of entering his protest against all the gentleman's
arguments.
Mr. SAWYER said he had taken the floor for
a few moments to congratulate the House and the
country upon the seeming change that had taken
place on this floor. His colleague [Mr. Schenck]
had this morning read a pretty severe lecture to
his other colleague [Mr. Vinton] for not progress-
ing in his work in the right way, and he had passed
some pretty severe rebukes on his own party for
the course they had taken. The gentleman had
taken up the calendar and read divers resolutions
lying on the Speaker's table, and complained be-
cause the,y were not taken up and acted on. In
the first place, he told them, that when the party
with whom he (Mr. Sawyer) acted were in a large
majority on this floor, they prevented any action
on that side of the House. But, now, why did he
come here and repeat his complaint? The gentle-
man's own party were now in the majority, and
yet he complained that the business on the Speak-
er's table was not disposed of; that, in passing
this bill now, tliey w< re taking a leap in the dark;
that they had not enlightened themselves on the
subjects on which they were called to act. Sir,
(said Mr. S.,) you have a majority in this House,
and how are you using it? Day after day, after
you have been in session a short time, speaking
on subjects foreign to the measures before you,
you move an adjournment; the motion comes from
your side of the House; you adjourn over from
Friday to Monday, week after week; and you use
the whole of the time of the House* in debating
questions about the war, or other questions which
have no connection with the subjects before you.
You offer resolutions looking forward to putting
down the- President of the Democratic party and
elevating another certain individual to that same
high place. All these resolutions are treated in
the same way. * What do you do with them ?
You suffer them to lie on your table two or three
months. The very first resolution my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] spoke of was his own resolution;
and he has never raised his voice on this floor to
attempt to take it up from the table. All these
resolutions are of the same class; and now you
come here and complain that they are not passed,
and make that an excuse for voting against appro-
priations which are indispensable to carry on the
Government in time of war. He called upon gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, and their
constituents, and the country, to note the fact, that
they had the majority, and conducted the business
of the House in this way; and, when they were
called upon to vote supplies for carrying on the
Government, they got up and interposed these
complaints as a barrier. Upon their heads rested
all the responsibility. If they were desirous of
advancing and despatching the affairs of the gene-
ral legislature, he asked them-to go forward. His
(Mr. S.'s) party were not responsible for the
j delays that had been incurred. When the Presi-
dent's message and the loan bill were under con-
sideration in their order, day after day motions
were made on his side of the House to take them
out of Committee of the Whole and terminate de-
bate. Immediately up jumped a member on the
other side of the House and moved to lay the
resolution on the*table; the yeas and nays were
called; and, by drawing tightly the cords of party,
they laid it on the table. That was the Way m
which the majority of the House did the business
of the country.
His colleague also complained about the officers
being about here. There was another gallant offi-
cer who was glorifying through the country, and
probably making some political capital, that they
heard no complaint of from that quarter.
What was the character of these men of whom
they heard this complgynt? They were men who
had been literally shot to pieces, who were unable
to stay in the army and any longer do their country
service there; and the gentleman, his colleague,
and others saw fit to get up in this Hall and de-
nounce them as altogether out of the line of their
duty.
He had risen to congratulate the House on the
great change which was about to take place. They
had been now three months in session, and the
most they had done was to grant registers to three
or four vessels and pass a few private bills. Not
one bill had yet been passed, or one efficient step
taken towards (with one single' exception) for-
warding the public interests, and preparing to re-
turn home to their constituents. It appeared to
him that his colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Vinton] would
not thank his other colleague for the charge he had
made, that he [Mr. V.] had got all the information
and refused to communicate it to the House. That
was a quarrel with which Mr. S. had nothing to
do; he had desired simply to call attention to it,
and to the mode in which the majority of the House
were consuming the time without accomplishing
anything.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had entertained no ex-
pectation of addressing the committee until within
a few minutes. Nor did he now intend to detain
them long. He was disposed to take issue with
gentlemen who said that the Whigs had a majority
in this body. He intended to say that it was a
! doubtful question which party had a majority, or
j whether either had. If we were to take the issue of
' 1844, it was quite certain that the Whigs have not
! a majority. That party was then unanimously op-
' pose'd to this war. It is now certain that a large
majority of this House are in favor of sustaining
it. The Whig party wore then opposed to the
extension of slavery. The vote of this morning
shows a-majority of thirteen in favor of extending
the curse of human bondage and degradation upon
soil now free. He repeated, that if we adopted
the great issue of 1844, the majority was opposed
to the Whigs.
The issues then adopted were of transcendent
importance. Mr. Upshur, as Secretary of State,
on the 8th August, 1843, put forth the novel, and,
at that time, unheard of doctrine, that it was the
duty of the Federal Government to uphold and
extend the institution of domestic slavery. The
declaration was taken up and repeated by the party
in this Hall and in the other end of the Capitol, in
Southern primary conventions, by State Legisla-
, tures, in the public press, and by stump orators.
I The annexation of Texas, to secure slavery in that
! Government and sustain it in this, was the avowed
! policy of the Democratic party. The issue thus
tendered was accepted by Mr. Clay, who, in his
spcech at Raleigh, North Carolina, laid down a
: synopsis of Whig doctrine, in which he declared
1 that " the support, by the several States, of their'
i own peculiar institutions, constituted the ninth arti-
! cle of the Whig faith."
| In 1839, in the Senate of the United States, Mr.
i C. had declared that "Congress possessed no power
: whatever over the institution of slavery, except as
| it relates to representation, taxation,and the power
j to restore fugitive slaves." "All other powers
(said he) belong to the States." The issue ten-
I dered by the Democratic party was adopted by
j him, and by the party to which he belonged. We
I* denied (said he) the power of Congress to prosti-
