394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
lute its functions to the upholding of a system of
human degradation. This was the distinct posi-
tion of our party at that time. On this broad basis
of the Constitution we took our stand, and met the
assaults then made upon us. It was the great
issue which, like Aaron's rod, swallowed up all
others. It is now (said Mr. G.)'the transcendent
and absorbing question which occupies the intellect
of the nation Who (said he) now speaks of the
benefits or evils of a protective tariff? Who in this
Hall portrays its advantages ajjriongthe free labor-
ers of the North ? Or who explains its 6vils to the
slave labor of the South ? Who now occupies time
upon the subject of harbor improvements and of
river navigation ? Why, (said he,) these matters are
almost forgotten. No one now takes the trouble
to mention a United States Bank, or to insist upon
a division of the proceeds of the public lands.
These subject are not thought of. The members
here are divided into the propagandists of slavery,
and the advocates of freedom. The old party
lines are becoming indistinct and uncertain. A
portion of those who have heretofore acted with
us now incline to the cause of extending slavery;
and some who have acted against us now go for
limiting that institution. New political associa-
tions are forming, and have been for years; and
the trammels of party are often broken, and their
influence disregarded.
The war (said Mr, G.) in which we are engaged
is but a consequence of the policy of extending sla-
very. It was clearly foretold by those who exam-
" ined the subject in the light of reason. It was for
years proclaimed in this Hall, and in the other end
of the Capitol—in our State Legislatures—through
the public press, and by our stump orators through-
out the nation. The vast expenditure of blood
and treasure in this war, its crimes of deep and
damning dye, were foretold with as much accuracy
as the pen of the historian will hereafter record
them. Here, in this Hall, at each session since
1843, the circumstances with which we are now
surrounded have been often described. As he
had remarked, our position in 1844 was that of
unmistakable opposition to this war. They had
not ceased to condemn it, from the commence-
ment of the Presidential campaign of that year
down to the Hth May, 1846—that ill-fated day,
when a large portion of his friends apparently
changed their policy and voted for it. He meant
no disrespect to his friends and colleagues who
voted for that bill; but they would permit him to
say, that he then regarded it as, in a great degree,
a surrender of their position. It detracted from
their moral power. They yielded up a portion of
their strength; they went over to the measures of
their opponents. When they subsequently lent
their votes to continue the work of devastation and
death which the President had commenced, they
stood before the world tacitly admitting, to a cer-
tain extent, that he was right in commencing the
war, and that they were wrong in opposing it.
They went in with their opponents in support of
their measures, and so far acted with them, and
became a part of them.
He concurred in what had been so well said by
his colleague, [Mr. Scixevck,] that the Whig party
were following in the footsteps of the Democrats
of the last Congress. The policy which Demo-
crats then adopted the Whigs arc new carrying
out. If they declared this to be Whig policy, he
asked the difference between the policy of the
Democrats and the policy of the Whigs? "A
rose would smell as sweet by any other name."
The bill before them, appropriating some twelve
millions, was merely to supply the money to carry
on the war which they have so loudly condemned
in 1844 and 1845, and which they still denounce.
He said, the lines which separated the two par-
ties had become obscure and uncertain. It was
difficult to tell who were Whigs and who were Dem-
ocrats. He cast no imputations upon his friends
on this side of the House; far from ir. He believed
them sincere and patriotic. But they would per-
mit him to say, that he never had, and never should,
vote for a dollar or a man to carry on a war which
he had so long denounced as wicked and barbar-
ous. He must be permitted to remain where he
stood in 1844—unmistakably opposed to this war,
in all its phases, in its generals, and irr its details.
He believed he was a Whig in 1844; he had not
changed. He adhered to the same principles now
as he did then; and, as he was not in favor of
changing positions, he thought it likely he would
remain attached to the same doctrines. If other
gentlemen feel that it is right to yield their doctrines,
he should not complain; but for himself, he desired
permission to adhere to his doctrines until satisfied
that they were erroneous.
He had foreseen the present state of things in this
Hall, prior to the election of Speaker. His col-
leagues would bear witness that he had pointed out
to them the peculiar circumstances under which we
are now placed. He had told them, that if elected
Speaker, the honorable gentleman who now fills
that office would so constitute the Committee of
Ways and Means as to secure reports in favor of
appropriating means to continue this work of mur-
der and rapine in Mexico. He meant no disrespect
to the honorable Speaker, nor to the members of
the committee. They were as patriotic as himself.
But with his views of duty, he could vote for no
man who he believed would exert his influence to
increase our national guilt, by continuing this war.
He had denounced the President for bringing the
war upon us; and he could see no way in which
the work of cutting Mexican throats had become
sanctified in the sight of Heaven.
We are informed (said Mr. G-.) in holy writ, that
Pilate, a Pagan governor, when he saw the people
about to shed innocent blood, took water and wash-
ed his hands, declaring himself exempt from the
crime which they were about to commit. And
shall I, (said he,) a professing Christian, hesitate
to wash my hands of this transcendent crime? No
sir, never. In saying this, he spoke his own views.
He regarded every life sacrificed in this war a mur-
der, accompanied with ail of the moral guilt attach-
ed to that crime. This guilt must rest upon all
who contributed to promote the work of human
butchery. lie wished the House and the country
to understand, that no considerations should induce
him to participate in such Heaven-provoking in-
iquity. He called this House and the country to
witness, that, as in 1844, he was opposed to the
war, he was equally opposed to it at the election
of Speaker. Principles never change. He might
waver in his moral or his political-conduct; his
political friends may alter their position, but the
principles of right and wrong are immutable and
eternal.
Again: He said, that in 1844, when the oppo-
site party had urged the duty of this Government's
assuming jurisJiction over the institution of sla-
very, Mr. Clay declared that " Congiess possessed
t no power whatever over the subject of slavery;
4 that the existence, maintenance, and continuance of
{that institution depended exclusively upon the
i power and authority of the States in which it was
* situated." Before Heaven, he believed this doc-
trine correct in 1844; he now believed it correct.
But look at your Committees on the District of
Columbia and. on. the Judiciary. They are the
organs of the Whi£ party in this House; yet they
silently entomb the voice of Northern philanthropy
as it is sent to them in the form of petitions pray-
ing the repeal of those acts of Congress which
sustain the slave trade in this District. That traffic
which has so long disgraced the nation is thus up-
held and protected by a Whig committee of this
body. They will not report upon the petitions
committed to them. No influence can extort from
them a word in favor or against a piactice at the
mention of which humanity shudders. Of this
Heaven-defying outrage upon a portion of our
I race, he was exempt. He had foretold this state
of things prior to the election of Speaker. He
then refused his vote to an honorable member who
he was conscious would so constitute those com-
mittees as to sustain this commerce in human
flesh. He repeated that he meant no disrespect
to the gentleman who filled the Speaker's chair.
He doubted not that his motives were pure; but
he was conscious that his policy was such that he
(Mr. G.) could not unite in, and he had therefore
voted against him. He declared that this support
of the slave trade by Congress was opposed to the
doctrines maintained by the Whigs m 1844. He
had not changed his views on that subject. He
now remained upon the _Whig platform of that
day. But he found Whigs occupying the same
ground on this subject with the Democrats. So
far as a disinterested observer would discover,
there was on this question almost a total oblitera-
tion of the lines which separate the two parties.
A portion of the Whigs and a portion of the Dem-
ocrats desire to see the Government separated from
the support of crimes daily committed in this city,
the perpetration of which upon the shores of Africa
we punish with death. lie declared that he felt
conscious that on these subjects of supporting the
war and the slave trade the Whig party in this
House was placed in a false position. The masses
of his party, he thought, were opposed to both these
measures. He believed that a large majority of
the Whigs of this body were opposed to them.
He had to the best of his abilities labored to pre-
vent this state of the party, and it was due to him-
self and to those he represented that he should
thus publicly define his position. That position,
he repeated, was the position of the Whig party of
his district, of his State, at this time, and in 1844.
Another important point had not escaped the
notice of the public. While the Whigs, as a
party, have manifested the most determined hos-
tility to the war, denouncing it as wicked, unjust,
and barbarous, as an accumulation of crime beyond
conception, they had been called on here to express
their profound gratitude to those who have volun-
tarily engaged in this work of slaughtering our
race. He was aware of the fine-drawn casuistry
which teaches us to denounce the crime, while we
praise those who commit it; toexecrate the slaugh-
ter of women and children at Monterey and at
Vera Cruz, while here, in this Hall, we tend-er a
nation's gratitude to those who voluntarily guided
and directed the butchery. He had been unable
to discover the force of such reasoning; probably
he had not appreciated the argument; certainly he
could not agree to the doctrine. One of the offi-
cers to whom the thanks of Congress were thus
tendered, was his personal and political friend.
One who had done much to save the nation from
the horrors of war, in 1839, when hostilities had
hovered over our northeastern frontier. That was
an elevated and noble example of philanthropy
and patriotism; one for which he would gladly
have united in a vote of thanks. But when those
high officers went to Mexico to engage in devast-
ating that country, in cannonading their cities, and
in the slaughter of their people, they did so volun-
tarily; there was no compulsion in the business.
He thought that a Roman firmness and unbending
integrity should then have characterized their
conduct; they should instantly have resigned their
offices, refused to enter upon the work of butcher-
ing a foreign people, and retired to their homes,
and received the approval of their consciences,
the gratitude of all good men, and the smiles of
Heaven.
But, sir, (said he,) these officers went to Mex-
ico, took charge of our armies, and became the
instruments of carrying out the designs of vault-
ing ambition, and of executing deeds at the con-
templation of which his soul shrunk back with
horror. For those acts he felt no pulsation of
gratitude. Had he voted for the resolutions, he
would have belied his conscience, and done vio-
lence to truth. He had at first thought he would
remain silent when the vote should be taken, but
further consideration convinced him that it was his
duty to vote against the resolutions. He was un-
willing, by his silence, to encourage the thirst for
military eclat which these resolutions were calcu-
lated to inspire. But, on this subject both parties
had fully united, all party distinctions were lost
sight of, and he found himself in the very extra-
ordinary position of voting alone in this body.
But, even though his vote stood solitary upon the
record, he felt willing that it should pass the
test of an enlightened people. He had witnessed
the baleful effects of a standing army. It had
brought us into this war. Had we been destitute
of an army, the President would have been unable
to involve us in hostilities with Mexico. He said
the nation was now sustaining an army in Mexico
at an expense of one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars per day. This sum is drawn
from the hard earnings of the toiling millions: and
what do they get in return? Why, they sub-
ject the people of Mexico to our will. We, who
have declared that all men are born free and
equal, " that to secure our natural rights govern-
ments are formed among men, deriving their just
powers from the consent of the governed," now
squander untold millions for little purpose, except
to give evidence of our own want of sincerity in the
profession we have made to the world. We see
the officers of the army on every street of the city
here living at their ease, and at the expense of
those who toil for their daily bread. Rather than
encourage the increase of our army, he would
