J848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bring back the fifty thousand troops from Mexico
and disband them. He would have them return
to civil life; he "would have each earn his own
support, and by his -labor contribute something to
the general wealth of the nation. The army was
a cancer upon the body politic. It was striking its
fibres into the, vital parts of society, and extending
its virus into the veins and arteries of the Govern-
ment, and must sooner or later overthrow our
institutions. It had already assumed an import-
ance which must strike the reflecting portion of
our people with astonishment.
On the 4th July last, at an encampment far in
the interior of Mexico, at a meeting of the officers
of our army, one of their number was nominated
for the highest office in the gift of the American
people. Thus early in the history of this nation
had an attempt been made by the army to dictate
to the people a President—to send us from the
camp a man to guide our ship of state; one whose
hands are dripping with human gore; so that when
he shall lay his fingers upon the sacred book to
take the oath of office, he may leave the sacred
volume polluted with the blood of innocence.. Are
such things becoming a moral, a Christian people?
Yet in this Hall, from an early period of the ses-
sion, we had heard gentlemen, in'their speeches,
lending aid and giving influence to this plan of
foisting upon the people a President whose only
recommendation is his military fame, if military
service qualifies a man for the highest office of
Government, it is easy to see that our minor offices
will be filled with the same class; and the day is
near when our Government must become a " mili-
tary republic." When he had heard gentlemen
speaking in this Hall of the popularity of the dis-
tinguished officer to whom he had alluded, and of
that political millenium when all parties are to unite
in his support, he had desired to inquire what were
the principles on which he would, if elected, ad-
minister the Government? And with permission of
the committee, he would now propound, through
the Chair, a question to the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Manufactures. He desired
respectfully to inquire of that gentleman whether
General Taylor was in favor of a protective tariff?
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, answered
that he was.
Mr. GHBDINGS said he was happy to hear it.
He had not been aware that we possessed evidence
to justify us in believing that he was thus favora-
ble to northern interests. But he also desired to
ascertain whether the free-trade men of South Car-
olina, who were equally zealous in the support of
General Taylor, were not equally sure tiiat he was
in favor of their policy ?
[A voice answered, Yes.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Of course. They would
never support a man who was in favor of the pro-
tective policy. Yet the most ultra supporters of
free trade, and the most determined adherents of a
protective tariff are to unite in support of a distin-
guished military officer for President. Each knows
that he or his opponents must find themselves de-
ceived after the election. But each is hoping it
will not he him, and each rejoicing in the thought
that it will be those opposed to him. He declared
that the Whig creed contained no such uncertain
expression of political faith. But (Mr. G. said)
he wished to inquire a little further. He desired
to understand General Taylor's views upon the
subject of improving our lake harbors and our river
navigation. That was a subject in which the
northern States had a deep interest. They would
not be likely to cast their votes for any candidate
who was not known to be favorable to our domes-
tic commerce. If some one of the gentlemen from
the free Slates, who is expecting to be Vice Presi-
dentunder Gen. Taylor, would inform him whether
that distinguished officer was in favor of such im-
provements, he would feel much obliged ?
Mr. STEWART replied, that General Taylor
had said he would pursue the policy of General
Washington, if elected.
Mr. GIDDINGS said we had no lake, harbor,
nor river improvements m the days of General
Washington. But he wished to know whether
. those who have steadily opposed such improve-
ments, and are now supporters of General Taylor,
were not equally certain that he would veto any
bill for such purpose ? [Several voices responded,
Yes.]
Mr. GIDDINGS continued. Nothing was more
certain.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL interrupted Mr. G.,
and wished to inquire what General Taylor's views
were in regard to slavery?
Mr. GIDDINGS, in reply, said that, with the
gentleman's permission, he would make his own
speech. He wished by these inquiries to exhibit
to this H-ouse, and to the nation, the true character
of this attempt to lead the people of the nation,
blindfolded, to the support of a man whose senti-
ments on these most vital questions are wholly un-
known. He bad thus brought the subject before
the committee in a plain manner. All were aware
that many and able friends of General Taylor were
present. No one of them could inform us of his
opinions; yet they ask the people to support him,
not because they know him to be in favor of these
measures or against them, but because they don't
know whether he is one way or the other.
Again, (said he,) nine of the States of this Union
have taken a position against the further extension
of slavery. Among them.are Ohio, and Pennsyl-
vania, and New York. In their sovereign capaci-
ties, they have declared their unalterable hostility-
to the policy of extending that institution, and in
favor of the issues of 1844. Now, he desired to
know whether General Taylor was in favor of
confining that institution to its present bounds?
Mr. STEWART said, that General Taylor had
declared, that if elected, lie would follow in the
footsteps of Washington, Jefferson, and Madi-
son. *
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. That was all quite
indefinite and uncertain; buthe would like to know
how the gentleman's colleague over the way [Mr.
Wilmot] understood General Taylor on that sub-
ject.
Mr. WILMOT said that, when he reflected that
General Taylor was a southern man, a slave-
holder, and that southern interests were rallying
to his support, he had no confidence in General
Taylor on this subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. Southern papers
declare General Taylor to be " as true to the inter-
ests of slavery as tlte needle is to the pete." That he
is .firmly opposed to the Wilmot proviso, as it is
called. Southern men proclaim him to be unalter-
ably opposed to,all restrictions of slavery.
Mr. STEWART, interrupting him, said, Gen-
eral Taylor had said he would support the Consti-
tution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The veriest demagogue found
in our country bar-rooms would say that; John
Tyler said it. The declaration means nothing.
Mr. STEWART wished to know if the gen-
tleman from Ohio had not supported Henry Clay
in 1844?
Mr. GIDDINGS replied, that he lmd cheerfully
supported him, urn! for the reason that his views
were known. He had proclaimed his sentiments
definitely and distinctly. No man was asked to
vote in the dark. He had for many years acted
as a Senator in a capacity which gave publicity to
his views. He was a Whig " known and road of
all men." As early as 1839 he had declared his
views in regard to the powers of Congress over
the institution of slavery. Those views accorded
with his own; and, in supporting Mr. Clay, he
supported his own constitutional views in regard
to slavery, and in regard to the Whig policy.
But how stands the case now, said he ? Is Gen-
eral Taylor a Whig? The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says he is. But General Taylor, speak-
ing for himself, says he " will not be the exponent
of the principles of any party." If he will not
become the exponent and supporter of Whig prin-
ciples, he (Mr. G.) would not vote for him. The
man who does so, must leave the Whig party, for
he will not sustain Whig sentiments. He would
speak for himself and lor his constituents, and
he believed he could speak for the Whigs of his
State, when he declared that they would not again
be " Tylerizep."
Mr. HENLEY next obtained the floor, to reply
to the remarks of both the gentlemen from Ohio,
[Messrs. Schenck and Giddings.] He said it
was not his practice to bring into this Hall party
discussions; he never intended to commence a
party debate, but when it was commenced and
forced upon the House by the other or either side
of the House, he was ever ready to meet it. Lest
he should omit it hereafter, he would here say,
at the outset, that whenever he saw a gentleman
pursue an honest and honorable course, he was
ready to commend it, no matter which side of the
House it came from. In that spirit he desired to
speak of the effort of the gentleman who had just
taken his seat. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] had taken an honest and an independent
course, and he was worthy of all commendation.
The gentleman from Ohio was right in calling the
attention of the nation to the uncertainty in which
they were left respecting the opinions of General
Taylor, who was to be nominated as the Whig
candidate for the Presidency. They had not even
obtained an expression of his opinion respecting
the first, great, paramount principle of Whigery—
the Wilmot, proviso. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stewart] could not say that his
favorite candidate was in favor of the tariff, but
he contented himself with the assurance that Gen-
eral Taylor would stand by the principles of the
Constitution. He thought the chairman of the
Committee on Manufactures would be driven to
resort to the makers of Yankee notions for the
manufacture of a candidate that would suit all the
hues and colors of the Whig party. The gentle-
man from Ohio had inquired for the opinions ®f
General Taylor respecting the improvement of
rivers and harbors by the Government, and had he
obtained any answer to his inquiries ? The Whigs
had professed for some years, to stand on an ever-
lasting platform, but when they were asked if their
candidate was in favor of their principles, they
were unable to obtain on answer. But they were
themselves deceived if they thought they could
again deceive the people as they did in 1840.
Mr. DUER said the Whigs would not nominate
any but a Whig—one who would carry out Whig
principles. He was readyjto meet a defeat with a
true Whig, rather than to see the party nominate
a candidate who was not a Whig. However, the
question had to be tasted whether General Taylor
would accept the nomination from the Whig party,
and be an opponent of Whig principles. General
Taylor's sense of honor—which he presumed, no
one would (|ucstion—would prevent the acceptance
of the nomination of the Whig party if he was
opposed to their principles.
Various questions were put to the gentleman
from New York from several parts of the House,,
in the midst of much coflfurion.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, rose to a point of
order. He desired to inquire if this was n con-
vention met to nominate a candidate for the'Presi-
dency ? If it were not, then this debate was out
of order.,
Mr. HENLEY said he did not wish to misrep-
resent the gentleman from New York, and hcnce
he thought he had the right to ask him a question,
i and to allow him to answer it. He understood the
! gentleman from New York to say that he could not
| support General Taylor or any other man, unless
J he accepted the nomination from the Whig party
i pledged to Whig principles.
Mr. DUER denied that he had said anything of
" pledges," but he would vote for no man who
was not an exponent of Whig principles.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said this
course of proceeding was out of order.
Mr. HENLEY said this mode of asking inter-
rogatories had been tolerated ever since he had
been in Congress, and it was-the usage of every-
body of which he had any knowledge.
The CHAIRMAN reiterated that it was not in
order.
Mr. HENLEY said, what he desired to know
was—and the question was perfectly consistent
with parliamentary rules—whether the gentleman
j from. New York would support General Taylor
, for the Presidency if he were nominated, and did
: not pledge himself to sustain the principles of the
l Whig party?
I Mr. DUER said, if it should make such a nomi-
j nation, he should consider the Whig party as dis-
j solving itself, and what he might then do it was
i impossible for him now to say.
J Mr. HENLEY said that would do. The gen-
] tleman from New York had declared whenever the
: Whig party shall make such a nomination he
! would consider the Whig party dissolved, and so
i should he, (Mr. Henley.)
j Mr. DUER again explained. What he said
l was, that if any candidate should say " I accept
! your nomination, but protest against your pi inci-
ples," he should consider it a dissolution of the
Pafclr, HENLEY was satisfied with the answer,
and hoped the reporters would put it down. It
