396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
was evident there was a desire to prevent the im-
pression gom<r abroad that the Whig party intended
to go before the country with a candidate of whose
principles they knew nothing—or with a declara-
tion of principles which meant nothing at all; and
such were General Taylor's replies to questions
put to him, in which he said he would ahide by
the Constitution. He was unwilling to attribute
to any party improper motives, or to charge upon
them a desire to get power by a concealment of
principle; but what was the position in which the
Whig party was placing itself? The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] had told them that the
Whigs of Ohio would not again be Tylerized; and
they might say, too, that they would not be Tay-
lorized. Did not Mr. Tyler proclaim himself in
favor of the principles of Washington, and of Jef-
fersonjand of Madison ? And yet, how soon after
coming to the Presidency was he charged with
being a traitor to the Whig party ? Such a case
might again occur. Permit, him, however, to tell
the Whig party that the people would not again
be deceived. Before a candidate could obtain their
suffrages, he must declare his sentiments. He
must proclaim himself to be either for or against
the Wilmot proviso, whfch the gentleman from
Ohio proclaimed to be a Whig principle. If Gen-
eral Taylor avowed himself in favor of it, did
they expect he would be sustained by the South?
Would the Whig party agree amongst itself on
that point? That which with the gentleman from
Ohio was a paramount question, was in itself a
sectional issue, which would tend to destroy the
Whig party, if it did not endanger the Union..
Such would be the result if they ran a candidate
who avowed himself in favor of the Wilmot pro-
viso. Was it, then, the purpose of the Whig party
to run a man who would notavow himself? Would
they not leave on the public mind the impression
that they intended to deceive the people by such a
course > He should be glad to know if the gentle-
man from New York would vote for General
Taylor if he should declare himself opposed to the
Wlimot proviso.
Mr. DUER said the Wilmot proviso might be
an abstract or it might be a practical question.
Mr. HENLEY desired the gentleman to answer,
supposing it to be practical question.
The CHAIRMAN hoped gentlemen would be
in order.
Mr. HENLEY said he meant to be in order if
the gentleman from New York would declare his
position on this point. Viewing it as a practical
question, with the possibility that General Tay- j
lor, if he were President, might exercise the veto :
power in relation to it, he wished to give the gen- j
tleman from New York an opportunity to say
frankly and openly what he would do. It was
usual m this House to "obtain the opinions of gen-
tlemen in this way, on great and important ques-
tions on which the people felt a deep interest. He
hoped the gentleman from New York would be
more explicit than he had been.
Mr. DUER said it was exceedingly difficult to
answer questions of that description impromptu—
questions which depended on contingencies. He
was a practical man, and when he could not getall
he wanted, he came as near as he could. But his
impression was that he would not. He would, how-
ever, say that if a southern man, John C. Calhoun
or any other on the -one side, should be nominated,
and a northern doughface on the other, he would
vote for the southern man in preference to the
northern doughface.
Mr. HENLEY would not trouble the gentleman
wiih any further questions. He supposed the
gentleman would rather have a southern dough-
face than a northern doughface. He had but one
other remark to make respecting the Wilmot pro-
viso. He understood that the Whig party of the
North had committed itself to that proposition, and
therefore he wished to state one fact for the benefit
of the country. When he was a candidate for re-
election, hi-? opponent was committed to the Wil-
mot proviso, and pledged himself before a large
audience that he would not support General Tay-
lor unless he would avow himself before theelection
to be in favor of it too. His opponent was not elect-
ed. The Whi<rs, then, were in this dilemma. Thev
have made the Wilmot proviso a paramount political
question. To that they were pledged irrevocably,
and they could riot go for any man who would not
avow himself for it. Such was the condition of the
"Whig party in the State of Indiana, and he believ-
ed all over the Union; and they could not dodge
the question and maintain a character for consist-
ency and sincerity.
But he had not intended to devote so much time
to this question when he rose. His purpose was
to make a few remarks* in reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who had charged the
Administration with creating new offices for the
purpose of giving employment to some of their fa-
vorites. The gentleman from Ohio had charged
not only that on, the Democratic party, but also
that they were proscriptive. Now, what was the
history of this House during the brief career of the
Whig majority? The first thing done when they
came here was to organize the party, small as was
its majority, with a view to monopolize all the
offices. They took a Northern Speaker and a
Southwestern Clerk,and conciliated the other sec-
tions by selecting other officers from them; and if
they had not failed to elect their postmaster, they
would have made a clean sweep of it. To this he
should not have objected; nor should he have com-
plained, further than to call the attention of the
country to it, and to say this is the party that goes
before you with the hypocritical cry of no party, no
proscription for opinion's sake; which professes
to appoint officeis only on the ground that they
are honest, and faithful, and capable. Notwith-
standingsuch professions, let them look at all the
subordinate appointments about this House, and
how many would they find that had been spared?
There might be a solitary exception to swear by,
but the exceptions would be found rare, even down
to the appointments which the Doorkeeper had
under his control. The Whig party was the most
proscriptive party on earth.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had said nothing at all
about removal from office, for or against it. What
he had said was, that there were appropriations for
various purposes and to supply deficiencies in the
treasury; and that there were various inquiries not
answered which were designed to throw light on
the appropriations asked for by the Executive de-
partments. Among other things, he alluded to the
resolution submitted by a gentleman from New
York in relation to secret inspectors of the custom-
houses along the frontiers. He said it had been
repeatedly charged, and the gentleman from New
Yorkhad corioborated theaceusation, that officers
were employed and received salaries for which ap-
propriations were made from the public treasury
that were evidently useless; and that it was proper
they should get ample, information on these mat-
ters, to see if they could not prevent these deficien-
cies hereafter arising.
Mr. HENLEY understopd the gentleman from
Ohio at the time. He had charged the Adminis-
tration either with creating new offices or keeping
officers in unnecessarily; and he (Mr. H.) was re-
plying to the charge against the Democratic party
that they had employed favorites unnecessarily.
He was bringing before the country the course pur-
sued by the Whig party. In relation to the crea-
tion of new offices, what had they done ? For four
years the business of the Committee of Ways and
Means had been done without a clerk. He asked
jfhe was right? [Mr. McKay, to whom the in-
quiry was addressed, made no reply.] Now, how-
ever, a cleik was employed. He need do nothing
more than state that fact. An office had been
created for two years, perhaps, in which an indi-
vidual would be employed, at a salary, he supposed,
of $1,500. Again: during the last two Congresses,
extending over a space of four years, there were
eight pages employed in this House, and now there
were twelve, being an addition of four. This might
be a small matter, but it was a fact,-and he should
state facts, without making accusations against any-
body.
Mr. McKAY rose and made some explanation
in relation to the Committee of Ways and Means,
which was not distinctly heard.
Mr. HENLEY then alluded to whatMr.ScHE.NrcK
said about swarms of Government officers gather-
ing like cormorants around the little custom-houses
on the northern frontier, and devouring the rev-
enue collected, and insisted that if the Democrats
were so disposed they could retaliate the hke
charges. He referred to the narrow spirit in which
the appointments had been made at the present
session in relation to the standing committees of
the House and to its officers. At the last session,
when the Democrats had been in possession of a
majority of sixty, they had, of course, elected a
Democratic Speaker and Democratic officers; but
how had the committees of the House been made
up? In all. or nearly all of them, there had, to be
sure, been a majority of Democratic members; but
two very important committees had had prominent
Whigs placed at the head of them. - But what was
witnessed now ? Although the parties in the House
were almost equally divided, not a single Demo-
crat was to be found at the head of any one stand-
ing committee in the whole list. This he did not
suppose had happened simply by the designation
of the Speaker—a gentleman for whom, with every
other member of the House, he entertained great
respect, but such was the fact.
Now, he did not charge this as anything to be
complained of; not at all. He did not blame any
party for putting Us own men at the head of the
committees, and giving their own side a majority,
but what he blamed the Whigs for was affecting
to make a great outcry against proscription, and
yet practising it themselves all the while, just as
much as those they berated for it. While they
were less liberal than the Democrats had been with
a majority of sixty members, they were endeavor-
ing to produce the impression on the mind of the
country that they were so very liberal as to despise
everything like party exclusiveness. Democrats
had left at least some committees in control of the
Whigs; but when the Whigs came into power, not
a democratic chairman was anywhere to be found.
Talk about the proscription of the Democratic
party ! Why, Mr. H. understood, and he believed
it to be fact, that, under all the merciless proscrip-
tion that reigned while the Democratic party were
in power, a majority of all the clerkships in the
departments were filled by Whigs, and were so at
this moment, even under the iron rule of James K.
Polk*
A gentleman here asked him how it was in the
Senate? Mr. H. could not say: possibly the clerk3
in the appointment of that body were too cunning
to express any political opinion. Possibly the rule
which the gentleman from Ohio had applied in the
case of General Taylor might be acted on by them.
However, be they Whigs or Democrats, he was
ready to admit that they had been long enough in
their places, and it was time they should be changed.
Had he the power, he would remove them, at all
events. Mr. H. avowed himself in favor of turn-
ingout them not only, but all other clerks now in
office, and putting new men into their places. They
had been sucking the sweet long enough—let them
give others a chance. In a word, he went for ro-
tation in office, and that whether the incumbents
were in by election or by appointment. He went
for that principle; and he was ready to bow, and
and expected to bow, to it in his own person.
As to what the gentleman from Ohio had charged
about the House having been three months in ses-
sion, and having done nothing, Mr. H. agreed with
him most fully. They had indeed done'almost
literally nothing, and it was his belief they would
continue to do nothing. And who was responsi-
ble for it? They,surely, who had the majoiity in
the House. It was well known that motions to ad-
journ generally came from their side of the House.
It was they who moved to adjourn over Saturdays.
For four weeks in succession that motion had come
from one and the same gentleman—[a laugh.] It
was gentlemen on that side who had carried the
motion, with the help, he- admitted, of some on
his own. He was ashamed of this: they ought to
have refused. It was the duty of both sides to
remain in their seats a reasonable time: he could
not, and would not, vote for such doings. But in
this matter there was no comparison between the
two sides of the House, as the yeas and nays would
show.
The Whig majority were always in favor of
adjournment. These gentlemen claimed, at least,
to have a clear majority in the House, and as such
they were responsible, and so the people would
hold them. If no business was done in the House
they were answerable for it. It was right and just
that for whatever was done in a popular body, the
majority of that body should be held to answer.
The gentleman from Ohio had come forward with
his usual prediction of the downfall of the Unioft.
He had heard that prophecy from the same gen-
tleman often before; he hau now uttered it once
more. But it had been repeated till it lost all effect.
As to Mr. H., he heeded it no more than the idle
wind; nor would the people mind it a whit more
than he. Parson Miller had prophesied the end
