400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 29.
Mr. MARVIN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred Senate
bill for the relief of Charles L. Dell, reported the
same without amendment. Committed.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to regulate the pay
and emoluments of the professors in the Naval
School and in the National Observatory. Read
and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, to
which had been referred Senate bill to enable the
accounting officers of the treasury to audit and
settle the accounts of certain acting officers therein
mentioned, reported the same back to the House
.with amendments. The bill and amendments were
committed.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the petition of Uriah Brown. Laid on
the table.
Mr. BAYLY, from the same committee, report-
ed bills for the relief of Thomas Ap Ctuesby Jones,
and for the relief of Andrew C. Armstrong; which
bills were severally read and committed.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of Captain John Percival.
Read and committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on the Territories, reported the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That the accompanying report of Lieutenant
Neil M. Howimhj, of the Untied States navy, to the com-
mander of the Pacific squadron, being the result of an ex-
amination in the year 1846 of the coasts, haibors, rivers,
soil, productions, climate, and population of the Territory
of Oregon, bo printed for the use of the House.
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the same be
printed.
On motion of Mr. CONGER, the motion to
print an extra number was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The first resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, to which was referred the reso-
lution of the House of January 17, instructing them
to inquire into the expediency of gran ting to widows
who were married to revolutionary officers or sol-
diers prior to 1819 ail the benefits of the acts passed
for the benefit of those widows married prior to
1794, made a report thereon, accompanied by the
following resolution, which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
Resolved, That it is "inexpedient to extend the pension
system to such widows of'the olfieeis and soldiers of the
Revolution as were married subsequent to the l t day of 1
January, 1794.
Mr. COCKE also reported the following resolu-
tion:
Rewlvcd, That a resolution which passed this House on a
former day of the present session of Congress, requiring the
Commissioner of Pensions to deliver to the members of -this
House the original papers m any case pending m his otfice,
upon giving a receipt tor the same, be and the s>ame is here-
by rescinded.
Mr. COCKE, by general consent, introduced a
bill, of which previous notice had been given, re-
pealing so much of the first section of an act enti-
tled " An act supplemental to an act entitled 'An
act providing for the prosecution of the existing
war between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico,' and for other purposes," approved ,
1846, as authorizes the President of the United
States, when the war with Mexico shall be termi-
nated by a definitive treaty of peace, to select from
the brigadier and major generals then in service the
number to be letained, without regard to the date
of their commissions. Read and referred.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
petitions of (he widow of Jonathan Wefehtman;
the widow of William Wright; of Hannah Weight-
man, formerly widow of John Hart; and Sarah
Miles, widow of Wm. Miles. Laid on the table.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of Sam-
uel Hutchinson. Laid on the table.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE also, on behalf of the mi-
nority of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, asked leave to introduce a bill.
The question being on granting leave, a discus-
sion arose, in which Messrs. HOLMES, of South
Carolina, RHETT,C.J.INGERSOLL,S.LAW-
RENCE, COCKE, and others participated.
Before the question was put, Mr. S. LAW-
RENCE withdrew his application for leave to in-
troduce a bill.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported bills for the relief of
H. Carnngton, executor of Paulina Le Grand, de-
ceased; and for the relief of Anna Griffin. Read
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
on the petitions of John Morrison and Elizabeth
Pool, deceased. Laid on the table.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Tabitha Tem-
ple, of Clarinda Mix, of Agney Clark, and of Jane
Lynn. Laid on the table.
Mr. DONNELL, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Mary M. Foot,
of Lucy Wright, and of Elizabeth Martin. Laid
on the table.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of John Morrison,
and a bill granting a pension to Ruth Hallenbeck;
which bills were severally read and committed.
Mr. SILVESTER, fiom the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of John
Gorman. Laid on the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to which had been referred Senate bill
to extend the provisions of existing pension laws
to enlisted men of the ordnance corps of the United
States army, reported the same. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported bills
for the relief of William Butler, and fot the relief
of Artemas Coriant; winch bills were severally
read and committed.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, reported bills for the relief of Jesse Wash-
ington Jackson; for the relief of Samuel Gray; for
the relief of James Fugate; and for the relief of
Lizur B. Canfield; which bills were severally read
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions of Aquila Goodwin, of
Alexander McDonald, and of Alexander McEwen.
Laid on the table.
Mr. ECKERT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Richard Reynolds.
Mr. WILEY, from the same committee, report-
ed bills for the relief of John Hibbert; for the relief
of Daniel H. Warren; for the relief of John Camp-
bell; and for the relief of Nathaniel Shiflet; which
I bills were severally read and commuted.
; I Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, from the same
! committee, reported bills for the relief of Lewis
; Hastings, and for the relief of Skelton Felton;
j which bills weie severally read and committed.
Mr. KENNON, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, made an adverse report upon the resolution
| of the House relative to extra compensation to
John Lee. Laid on the table.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill for the relief of Elisha H.
Holmes. Read and committed.
ADDITIONAL EXAMINERS OF PATENTS.
Mr. FARRELLY reported Senate bill, to pro-
vide additional examiners in the Patent Office,
which had been referred to the Committee on Pa-
tents, with amendments.
Mr. FARRELLY, in explanation of the bill,
repeated what he had stated when the bill was
before under consideration, (hat the business of
the Patent Office was some eight months in arrear,
and that there was a pressing necessity for the
passage of the bill.
He explained the several amendments which
the Committee on Patents proposed.
In reference to the principal one, he said the bill
proposed to fix the salary of the principal exami-
ner at $2,500, and of the assistant examiners at
$1,500. The office of principal examiner was one
which required scientific attainments, and partook
of the nature of.a judicial office. It was the duty
of the examiner to decide upon the various appli-
cations made for patents. Compared with the
salaries of other scientific officers of a like grade,
$2,500 was a small salary. The expenses of the j
office were paid entirely out of the patent fund, and <
were no charge on the treasury. The petitioners— I
the inventors—asked that the salarv of the princi* '
pal examiner should be made $3,000; but the com- !
mittee, with a view of economizing as far as pos-
sible, fixed it at $2,500.
The amendments of the Committee on Patents
were read and agreed to.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved fo amend
j; the bill by reducing the amount of salaries as pro-
b vided by the bill from §2,500 to-$2,Q00.
Mr. J. briefly advocated his amendment. The
reduction which he proposed might seem like a
very small sum; yetnow, with an empty treasury,
with a war on our hands, and while we were
obliged to borrow money, was no time to increase
salaries. It had been stated, when the subject was
before under consideration, as an argument for the
increase, of these salaries, that there was a large
patent fund on hand, and that the expenses of the
office were paid out of it. . He had at that time
questioned the fact; and it now appeared that it
was not so; that instead, the office was, in fact, in
debt hundreds of thousands of dollars. He saw
no necessity for this increase of salary; he thought
competent men could be obtained to perform these
duties for the compensation he proposed; and they
should economize in every proper way the ex-
penses of the Government.
Mr. TOOMBS concurred in the view of Mr.
Johnson, and wished the gentleman would carry
his amendment further, and bring down the salary
to the present salary, $1,500. tie held it was
totally unnecessary to pay a salary of §2,500 to
these examiners. It was as much as the judges
and the most important and honorable State offi-
cers received. The services of an examiner had
always been obtained for §1,500. The increase
proposed was an unnecessary and profligate ex-
penditure of the public money, and he wished the
attention of Congress could be brought to it. This
was no time for the inciease of salaries, when the
Government was in want of all the revenues it
could raise,and vastly more.
As to the justification which had been brought
forward, that there was a patent fund out of which
these salaries and other expenses were paid, so as
not to become a charge upon the treasury, it was
all ideal: the department was indebted to the Gov-
ernment hundreds of thousands of dollars. To be
sure, a fund could be kept on hand by the Gov-
ernment paying all the expenses of the office, and
its retaining all its receipts. But, in fact, the office
was largely in debt, and these salaries were paid
out of the public treasury, and he held that they
were sufficient.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, obtained the floor;
but yielded, to give
Mr. A. JOHNSON an opportunity to modify
his amendment, in compliance with the suggestion
of Mr. Toombs. He reduced the salary, as pro-
posed by it, to $1,500.
Mr. KING, resuming the floor, opposed the
amendment, and advocated the bill as presented
by the committee. There was on hand, he said,
a large reserved patent fund, which had resultecl
from the payments by inventors; and every man
who contributed to this fund was entitled to speedy
justice, in having his application for a patent
passed upon without unreasonable delay. At the
time when this salary of $1,500 was fixed by law9
there were something like seven hundred and fifty
cases presented annually; now there were more
than fifteen hundred; so that, if two examiners
were necessary then, four were equally necessary
now. But the business of the office had accumu-
lated in greater proportion than the increase of the
number of cases.
The duties of the examiner of the Patent Office
were much more important, and required a greater
amount of experience apd scientific attainments for
their proper discharge, than those of any clerkship
under the Government. They might compare
favorably with the duties of the judges of our
highest courts. There was not m any department
of the Government an officer of whom so much
was requh-ed, nor who was so poorly paid. He
mentioned the assistants of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, and the officers employed m the
United States Mint, as office*s jeceiving much
larger salaries, but whose duties were far less
arduous and important.
The very money paid to the examiners of the
Patent Office was placed there by the inventors,
who came and asked their applications to be ex-
amined,who asked speedy justice, and who should
not be obliged to wait eight or ten months before
their case could be reached. The officers placed there
should he competent men, and salaries adequate to
procure the services of such men should be paid.
Was it not within the knowledge of this House
that the principle examiner had left his office, not
because his duties were not congenial to his taste,
but because he was so poorly paid; and he was
now receiving, in a neighboring city, a salary of
