THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 3,1848.
New Series No. 26.
$5,000 for much less duties ? We could not expect
to procure the services of any man of requisite
qualifications for §1,500. Justice to this department
of the Government, justice to the men employed
in it, and more than all, justice to the inventors,
who were doing so much in scientific investigation
for the character of this country, required that the
proposed increase should be made. The commit-
had reported it unanimously.
Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL referred to an instance
of an inventor (whose case had been brought to
his attention by letter) who had been ^obliged to
leave the city, and would have to wait for months
before his application could be passed upon. That
was a public grievance, and a public grievance that
ought to be remedied. There was no more inter-
esting property—no property in lands, stocks,
rnoney^, that was more interesting or more deser-
ving of public attention than this property of intel-
lect. He referred to the cottom gin, an invention
made in the State of the gentleman who opposed
this bill—in Georgia.
[A voice: No, it was invented in Connecticut.]
Mr. INGERSOJLL. No, in Georgia. Mr.
Whitney, the inventor, was born in Connecticut,
but was living at the time of the invention in
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS (Mr. I. yielding) said that the
number of examiners was not aflected by the pro-
pped amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson.] It was the compensation
alone which that proposition touchcd.
Mr. INGERSOLL, (continuing.) Yes, I un-
derstand it. It does reach the number, because
you take from these examiners the compensation,
and you will not get them.
He further proceeded to speak of this highly
interesting property, this intellectual property,
which, for the first time in the United States of
America, had been put on something like a respect-
able footing, and of the many interesting ami im-
portant men who had been brought to beggarv and
to the grave by the vexation, litigation, and delay,
in passing upon their inventions. He was for
doing something for these people. He knew that
this was a subject that requireu the greatest public
attention, and he must totally dissent from the
views expressed by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] for whom he hml a groat respect,
lie denied tlmi-tho standard which the gentleman
had assumed, of State salaries, was any criterion
of what salaries should be in this city, with all the
expenses, uncertainty, ayd unfavorable circum-
stances attending these situations.
lie voted for the highest compensation here on
the principle that he believed it was the cheapest;
that it was true economy. They had undertaken,
at the last session, to cheapen their public printing.
What was the consequencc? Every member was
entitled, as he was told by some of^the younger
members who had ciphered it out, to sixty-five
copies of the President's message and accompany-
ing documents. Well, after three months he had
got thirteen, where he should have bud sixty-five,
lie did not wish to speak unkindly of anybody he
did not know. He only wished to say that this
eternal system of cheapening in small matters was ;
a poor policy, and generally proved the most ex- :
pensive. He was an economist on large occasions;
and he thought a great deal of public money might
be saved; but this cutting down of a salary from
#2,f>00 to $2,000 did not answer the purpose—did
not result m any good.
He recurred to the importance and interest of
this species of property—the property of intellect
and genius—that which shed lustre upon the
American name in distant climes, and to the neces-
sity of having it fully protected. To this end
competent examiners were necessary, and they
should be paid an adequate salary. He thought
die salary proposed by this bill was not too high,
and that it was the best economy.
Mr. HENLEY" remarked, that he rarely if ever
had differed from his friend from Tennessee [Mr.
A. Johnson] on a question of retrenchment; but
he was compelled to do so at this time, and to go
for the bill of the committee, from the manifest
26
justice of the case. It was his ambition as a legis-
lator to be considered an economist; and for this
reason he wished to explain why he went in this
case for what might be called a high salary.
Fifteen hundred dollars, it was said, was a com-
pensation large enough for this Examiner of the
Patent Office. He read from a list of the salaries
of the assistants of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, and of officers in the United States Mint,
ranging from $2,000 to $3,500, and said the duties
of none of those were equal in importance to those
of this officer. As had properly been said, he had
to pass upon the applications for the renewal of
patents, an error in the decision upon which fre-
quently gave rise to long and expensive lawsuits,
as a consequence curtailing the advance of scientific
inventions in the community. Was it not better
in every view—more economical, more just both
to inventors and to the public, to give sufficient
salaries to have the duties correctly performed in
the first instance?
The honorable gentleman from Georgia said
$1,500 was a sufficient compensation for the exer-
cise of the kind of attainments required in these
examiners. Why, had the honorable gentleman
examined the scientific acquirements necessary even
in one branch of their business? Mr. H. ventured
to say, without intending the least disrespect to the
gentleman, that in three months he could not make
himself capable of deciding upon the application
for a patent for a chum or a washing machine,
much less of acting upon the applications for im-
provements of the stcarn-cng nc, or of the cotton-
gin, which had done so much for the gentleman's
State. Would thegentleman undertake to say how
long it would take to educate himself so as to be
competent to decide upon even the simplest of these
applications? "
Mr. TOOMBS said he did not think he could
learn to shoe a horse in three years; but that was
not a reason why he should pay $500 for it.
Mr. HENLEY. Well, it might take the gen-
tleman three years to learn theblacksmithing trade.
Then, if to learn a mere mechanical operation
would require three years, how long would it take
him to qualify himself to pass upon extremely
complicated and difficult cases, wherein not only
the science of blacksmithing generally, but of en-
ginery, and a great number of sciences which had
boon introduced in this progressive age, were in-
volved, and m which thousands and millions of
dollars were involved also? And when he had
qualified himself for this dntv, would he agicc to
serve tin's department for $1,500 a year? An ac-
quaintance not with one, but a familiarity with the
whole circle of sciences was necessary for a com-
petent examiner in that office. lie ought to be a
perfect walking-encyclopedia; he ought to have a
familiar knowledge with the whole circleof sciences,
and with all the inventions ever made in all coun-
tries; not, when the application came, to go and
search through his encyclopedia to see whether such
a thing had ever before been in troduced in the known
woild, and educate himself with rcfcrcnce to the
case, but to be ready at once to point to all the in-
ventions ever made of a similar character—whether
the application was for a patent, for a churn, or a
plough, or for any of the important improvements
of our age.
Thegentleman from Tcnneesee told them that
the Patent Office building had cost the Government
three or four hundred thousand dollars. Why,
did the gentleman mean to place the great benefits
j that society had derived from the inventions that
i had been introduced into use in this country in
consequence of the Patent Office in the scale against
dollars and cents ? Would the gentleman from
Georgia or the gentleman from Tennessee attempt
to estimate the incalculable benefits derived from
the great inventions of Whitney, and Fulton, and
Morse? Would they speak about the Patent
Office and the patent system, which had encour-
aged these and other stupendous achievements of
science and inventive genius which went so far to
distinguish our age from all that had preceded it,
being in debt to the Government?
These were the reasons why, in this case, he
voted for what was called a high salary; but un-
justly so, he thought. The compensation pro-
posed was necessary to command the services of
competent men, and it was paid out of the patent
fund, which was received from inventors, whose
claims public justice, as welt as justice to them-
selves individually, demanded should be passed
upon with as little delay and upon as enligntened
and correct principles as possible.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the previous question,
which was seconded.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired whether, if
the House were to adjourn now, the hill would be
the first business in order to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order in the morning would be the continuation of
the calls on committees for reports, and that he
would commence at the committee where the call
was suspended to-day; and, as this was a report
from a committee, it would be the first subject in
older.
And,then, on motion of Mr. C.J. INGER-
SOLL, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred :
13> Mi. SHKITERD : The memorial of the Yeaily Meet-
ing oi riic So* icty of Friends in North Carolina, remon-
strating against war, as opposed to the true principles of
Chri-tnuutv. and pra\ mg Congress to adopt Mich measures
as mav lead to a speedy" re-tmation of peace between our
own Government and that of the Kepnhlic of Mexico.
By Mr. STEWART, ot Pennsylvania: The petition of
John McAHistt r. for compensation lor earn ltiff the mail.
By Mr TWEEDY: The petition of O. F.Doun and 140
others, citizen* of Southport, Wisconsin, piaying for an ad-
ditional appropriation for the completion of the lmrbor at
that place.
By Mr. GRINNELL: The petitions of William Whitman
and others, against the patent granted to William W. Wood-
worth, administrator of Wm. Woodwoith ; of Grinnell, Min-
ium, & Co., and others, for the improvement of passenger
vessels so as to prevent ship fever; and of Atkins Dyer, for
return of thunaffe duty paid by liiui.
By Mr. SIIERIUEL : The remonstrance of J. L. Bloomer
and 41 others, citizens and fanners of Ulster county, New
Yoik, against the passage of any law reviving and continu-
ing the patent of Jethro Wood for a cast-iron plough. Also,
the petition of Levimrs Mon>on and other?,citizens of Del-
aware eomuv,New York, praying for a reduction ot postage.
By Mr. CONGER: The remonstrance of 4'Jl citizens and
fanner- of Coitland eountv, New Yoik, against the fuither
extension ot the patent of Jethro Wood.
By ,\u\ HI?ADV. The petition ot Edward Armor for an
inciea-se ot Ins pension.
By Mr. BKYNOLDS- The petition of 679 citizens of
Troy, New \ ork, praying tor the passage ot a law autho-
rizmi: the ti aii-on i-sion ot newspapers and other publication!)
thiouirh ihe mad* at reduced rates of postage, or free. Also,
the petition ot Almy Tifli, tor compensation for tier father's
seivice* tn the Revolution. AKo, the petition of eiti/.cns ot*
Ben^-claer county, New York, against the renewal ot Jethro
Wood's patent for the cast-non plough.
l]y Mr. ST. JOHN": The petition of inhabitants of Uoili-
kooii, Sullivan county, New York, for a post route from
Fosterd.ilo to Rockland, in Sullivan county. Also, the re-
monstrance of E. I\ Wheeler and other citizens of Orange
county, New Yoik, against the renewal or extension of the
[intent to Jotluo Wood for a cast-iron plough.
BvMr. DUER: The iemon*trance of sundry farmers in
Wayne eountv, New Yoik, against the renewal of the patent
foi Jethro WoodV plough.
By Mr. SC1IENCK: The petition of sundry citizens of
Montgomery county, Ohio, praying that those soldiers who
have been enlisted or mustered into the army, and atter-
wards, before their term of service expired, promoted to lift
commissioned officer-, may receive the same bounty land as
if they had been discharged as privates or non-commissioned
otiiceiH.
By Mr RUMSKY: The remonstrance of citizens of Steu-
beri"county, New York, a<ram*t the revival of the patent for
Jethro Wood's east-noil plough.
RyMr POLLOCK: The petition of Maria Brown, widow
of Joel Brown, a soldier in the late war with Great Britain,
praung for a pension.
Bv m\ NELSON: The remonstrance of W. F. Van Wart
and SS other*, farmer* and manufacturers of ploughs in the
county of Westchester, New York, remonstrating against
the passage of any law for the renewal or extension of the
Jethro Wood patent for the manufacture of the cast-iron
plough. . .. ...
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan : The petition ot citizens
of Branch county, Michigan, for a reduction and equaliza-
tion of postage on newspaper*. Also, petitions of the citi-
zens of Van Ruren eountv, Michigan, for the same purpose.
By Mr. HUBBARD : The petition of 183 citizens ot Mid-
dletown, Connecticut, for the withdrawal of the troops of
the United States from Mexico. Also, the petition of Cy-
prian Wilcox and others, inhabitants of New Haven county,
Connecticut, remonstrating against the lencwal of a patent
to the heirs of Jethro Wood.
