402
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fek 29,
■n,,  *,. rFVK'NS; The petition of seveia! hundred in- i
habftaifis or the State of New York, for the discontinuance
of tw war Witu Mexico, and to prohibit the introduction of
slavery into any territory to be acquired. Also twenty re- ]
monstrances irom several hundred inhabitants of the Mate j
of New York, az<un$t the renewal of Wood's patentplough, j
By Mr. ROCKHILL: The petition of Luther Cleland j
and 33 other citizens of Steuben county, Indiana, piaying
the establishment of a post loute, to commence at Lima, m
the State and county aforesaid, by way of Lexington, Jack-
Bon, Steuben* &c., to Defiance, in the State of Ohio.
By Mr. RIO HEY: The petition of J. J. Hollester and 102
citizens ot Washington and Athens counties, Ohio, praving
the establishment of a weekly mail loute from Constitution,
in Washington county, through Wairen, Belpre, and Deca- :
tur, to Federation, in Athens county, Ohio. •
By Mr. HUDSON: The petition of John Patten and 183 j
other l«gal voters of Bovvdoinham, Maine, praying that peace )
may be testored to the country. j
By Mr. HARM ANSON: Resolutions of the Legislature j
of Louisiana respecting the location of .school land-., re- ,
spectmg bounty land to volunteers; respecting the sixteenth <
section; and respecting Ficnch spoliations. i
By Mr. ROMAN : The petition of John Harrigan, of j
Washington county, Maryland, praj iug Congie-.e to grant !
him a pension for wounds received at the bombardment of ;
Fort MeHenry, m the la?t war with Great Britain. \
By Mr. GOTT: The remonstrance of Wright Dwinnell
and 77otJier citizens of Onondaga county, New York ; also, 1
the remonstiance of Phuiey W. Aues and 123 other citi- ,
zens of the county of Cortland, New Yoik; also, the reinon- ;
stranee of Chailes Kuon and 3-2 otlier citizens of Onondaga i
county, New V'oik, against the p-if-sao:*: oi anv law reviving J
and continuing the patent of Jctmo Wood foi a cast-noil ;
plough. i
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of John Sweegles j
and others, of Udisdaie, Michigan, for a post route from [
Hillsdale to Montpeliej, Milhani county, Ohio. ANo, the ,
remonstrance of E. II. Winans and othei;-, ot Adrian, Michi-
gan, against the further extension of the Jethro Wood patent. |
Also, tin-; remonstrance of Isaac Lewis and others, of Mon- J
roe, Michigan, against the nunc.
By Mr. MelLVAINE: The petition of stmdiy citizen* of
Cheater county, Pennsylvania, and Newea tle county, Del-
aware, praying for a po-t route fiom Stmton to Avondale.
Also, the petition of Benjamin J. Pas-more and othei inhab-
itants ot Chester county, Penns.ylvann,p'-aj-!n^ lor a speedy
and honorable peace, without the acquisition of any Mexi-
can terntory vvnat'jver.
By Mr. MULLIV : The remonstrances of Edmund Davis
and others, of E- S. Hammond and cthei s, and of Samuel J.
Davis and others, citizens ot the county of Jefferson, New
York, aganM the cUnuion of the patent of Jaiuo Wood,
for thecast-non plough.
By Mr. ECKEitT: A petition of citizens of Schuvlkill
county, prating foi ,i post route iromOi wu^burp, in SchujI-
> kill, to IjOltifThlon, in Caibui minify. Al-o, a petition of
citizens of Leb inon count) , tor apo.-t loute lioni Jonotown,
in Lebanon county, to lleiirersbursj, in Beiks county.
By Mr. ASilM f'.V ; The petition of tneJ^'irs of John Ken-
knek, one ot the fhst ( xpioreis ot Oie/foii, asking loi a con-
fmnatioii of their titles fo land in thatteiritoiy.
By Mr. TCRNEU : The jMHioii or V. JJennet and-dxfy
other-, piayin# fi.r a mail route fiom Peru, in the ^tafc of
Ilfmoi-J, via Pi nice ton, Wmucb njo, Vol ktovvn, WnM)in£fo i,
Bennington, Ctanu,til's Feny. Attica, Fair Poit, Gu-iow1s
Grove, and Pleasant Yallf), to Rock Island, in me .State of ,
Illinois
By Mr. FARRELLY: The petition of citizens of Craw-
ford couijt.s, Pennsylvania, for withdrawal of the army from
M^vicoj ami fi r peace. AI.-_o, two lumonstrancch of citizens
of Crawford county, and one ot citizen-! of .Mercor counts,
Pennsylvania, ag iinst any fuither extension of Wood's pat-
ent.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: The petition of Rebecca
Bump, of Mount Mortis, New York, widow of John Bump, i
u revolutionary soldier, praying for an extension oi the laws i
granting pensions to widows of soldiers of the Revolution, 1
Willi accompanying certificates of lion. Mieah brooks, and !
ot.iors. Also, remonstrance of ThonuB C. Love and :-jxty |
other inhabitants of Eric count), New Yoi.v, aynn&t the !
furthei extension ot'the patent iri'anted to Jcrhro Wood. A
like remon>trance from Mo.-es BaUer. Ahkereinon-fianee ■
of seventv-five inhabitants of same <>ount\. Also, tin' pen- 1
tion ot William Wilkcj-on, of Buffalo, New Yoik,
that the bill extending th" patent to Jotiuo Wood may bJ
urnended ho as to secure to the lep'esonfativcs of J. S.van
the -ame rights he hsid in tne ongmal parent. Also, peufion
of Sarah Mmigcr, the wdow, and MaiyAnn Lowell, the
dauirhter of Lieutenant VYiscman, deceased, praying f. i o
pension on account ot the decease of said Wiseman from i
sickness contracted while m tin* servic of the United Stifs ■
on the Niagaia frontier m the war of 181*3, with papers ;ic- '
companymg said petition, and loriner papers on the same •
sful)|ect taki.-n fiom the '
By Mr. IIOLMtW, of New York: The petition of the 1
Brockpoit and Clarkson Plank Koad Companv, askmir to be
allowed to import from Canada a certain quantity of hunlvr i
free of duty. Also, the remonstrance of Eati D. Kin« and !
205 otheis. of Brockpoit, New Yuik, against r«newin« the 1
patent of Jethro Wood. ° j
By Mr. l'UTN \M: The remonstrance of Samuel Rich- '
mond and 102 others, inhabitant? of the county of Genesee. !
New York, against tne renewal of the patent pranted to '
Jethro Woou j'or a cast-non plough. Also, the like remon- .
stranee of a$. Chamberhn and ofher., of L-roy, A'ew '
York. Also, the memorial of Owen Gnftith andSOIotheiN '
of Batavia, New York, opposed to any further sale of the
public lands; a-km^ tjMt T|,e same may ()e }ail{ out Jnt0
larms for the fiee use of .-.nch citizens (not possessed of
other lands) as wiii occupy them; and that no transfer of
such lands be mad" to States or Tern tones, only on condi-
uga, Herkimer, Wyoming, Seneca, Saratoga, St. Lawrence,
Ontario, Monroe,"Albany, Livingston, Wayne, Scholiaiie,
and Oswego, State of New York, against lenewmg or ex-
tending the patent to Jethro Wood. Aiso, the affidavits ot
Elijah "Wilson and John S. Peckham, of Oneida county,
New York, showing the sum of $4,400 paid Jethro Wood
by three furnace companies (in a short period of time) for
the privilege of manutactuung and vending Ins cast-iion
plough.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of J. W. Mitchell, John
Stever.s, and 190 other citizens of Yonkers, Westchester
I county, New York, praying that the General Government
I no longer traffic nor permit traffic in the public lands yet m
its possession ; that such land shall be laid out in farms and
I Jots tor the free use ot such citizens (not pos«es*ed of othei
! land) as will occupy them, with the light to dispose of the
1 possession to any one not possessed ot other land; and that
the jurisdiction of the public lands be transferred to the
Suites or Ten itories only on condition that such disposition
shall be made of them. Also, the remonstrance of Reuben
duinby, Aaron Ward, and others, citizens of Sing Sing,
Westchester county, New York, a^am-t the parage ot any
hw renewing or extending the patent to Jethro Wood tor
the cast-iron plough.
Bv Mr. WENTWORTH: The remonstiance of General
O. C. Van Horn, and a very large number of other citizens
of Mill county, Illinois, against the confirmation of certain
Indian claims in that county. Also, the petition of citizens
of Kendall county for a mail route from Ottawa, via Nor-
wav, Newark, and Oswego, to Napeiviile.
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan: The petition of citizens
of BiookJyn and vicinity, in the county of Jackson, Michi-
gan, for a'mail route from Brooklyn to Grand Lake, in the
countv and State aforesaid.
By ?.lr. GIDDINGS; For release of the people of the free
States from ?uppoit of flavt jy: John Fairinglon and saxty-
niih' others citizens of Ohio; Lewis Morgan and seventy-
nine other citizens of Staik county, Ohio; M. R. Robin<on
and < igluy-seven other citizens of staik county, Ohio. For
reduction ot' postaee. William II. Mills and si.\t\-two othei
citizcns of Greenville, Ohio. For a Congress of Nations, to
! settle national disputes: Jo.-iah Wheet and one liundu d and
eighh -ei«ht othei citizens of Omo. For a svstcm ofduect
taxation, to defiay expenses of the war: B. B. Wiilson and
fort>-five other citizei^ ofOhio. Praying indemnity for
seizing a vessel while petitioner was in the dischaige of
official dutv : William Millford.
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: The memorial of t'ie
ma) or and common council of Rochester, asking Congie^s
to adopt measuies to pievent the unjust increase of foreign
pauper-* in our seaboard and inland frontu r cities and town?.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of Messrs. Koons &
Dean, praying to be paid for advances made to Captain Fair-
fa\'iN tompanv of \olunteeis.
By Mr. HALL, of New Yoik: The petition of JruKon
Sam in and others, praying for the establishment of a naval
dffOt at A'ew Bntlalo, ni the State of Mn'iugan.
All. ROMAN obtained leave to withdiaw the jiaprrs in
relation to the claim of the legal lepresentatives of Henry
Hoffman, of Maiyland, deceased, and that the same be rc-
fei icd to the Committee on Revolutionary Claim5?.
B) Mr. DICKINSON: Several petitions from ciiizm^ of
Hen'cca countv, Ohio, praying for a mail route from Tiinn,
Soncca county. Ohio, to Rome, m said count). AKo, a pe-
tition from citfzerf> &f Ciav. ford count}-, piajmgfoi a mail
route from i-io'.en'uotd, in Ciawfoid coinity, to R public,
in Seneca count'-, Ohio.
and Others, opposed to the reuval of the ijiiterit to Jstliro
Wood fof a cast-iron pfough.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: A remonstiance of 1,433
farmers, from the counties of Tioga, Madison, Oneida, Ca>-
IX SENATE.
Tuesday, February 29,1848. |
The following message was received from the ;
President of the United States, by Mr. Walker,
his Secretary:
j 7'o the Senate of the United States:
| In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
j 24th instant, requesting; to be informed whether
I the active operations of the army of the United
j States in IMcxieo have been, and now are suspend-
j t'd; and if so, by whose Agency, and in xirtue of
I what authority such armistice has been effected, I
have to state, that 1 have received no information
| relating to the subject, other than that commum-
; coted to the Senate with my Executive message
; of the 22d instant. .1 AMES K. POLK.
| Washington, February 9S, 1848.
j On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was ordered to
j lie on the table.
j RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES,
j Mr. TURNEY" presented a resolution passed by
I the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, m favor
1 of increasing1 the pay of the private soldiers in the
service of the United States in Mexico; which was
| referred to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs,
i Also, a resolution of said Legislature, in favor
of the enactment of a law to provide for the pay-
ment of the value of horses and equipments lost
by volunteers in the service of the United States
in the Mexican war; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a resolution of said Legislature, in favor
of a law allowing further compensation to certain
companies of Missouri mounted volunteers mus-
tered into the service of the United States in the
year 1836; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLARKE presented sundry resolutions
of the Legislature of Rhode Island, in favor of
bringing the war with Mexico to a close, and
stating that, discarding all purposes of conquest
and occupation, or of extorting from Mexico a
territorial* indemnity for-clftims ascertained or un-
adjusted, it is expedient that measures betaken to
establish the relations of peace between the Uni-
ted States and that Republic, by such a treaty of
indemnity and limits as will secure an equitable
boundary between the contracting parties and a jusS
indemnity to the United States for ail claims as-
certained or unadjusted previous to the order of
13th January, 1846, directing the advance of the
army from Corpus Christi to the western bank of
the Rio Grande.
Mr. RUSK presented a resolution passed by the
Legislature of the State of Texas, in iavor of the
enactment of a law requiring the judije of the dis-
trict court pf the United States for the district of
! Texas, to reside within the limits of his district;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of said Legislature, in favor of
incorporating the navy of the late Republic of
Texas in the naval establishment of the United
States; which was laid upon the table,and oidered
to be printed.
Mr. YULEE presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of the State of Florida, in favor of
the enactment of a law providing compensation to
citizens of that State who suffered by Indian dep-
redations in the Seminole war; also resolutions of
paid Legislature in favor of a law making piovision
for the widows and orphans of the officers and
soldiers who have lost their lives in the war with
Mexico; which were leferred to the Committeeman
Military Affaiis, and ordered to he printed.
Also, resolutions of said Legislature in favor of
removing the land office from Newnansville to
Oceola, in that State: in favor of the enactment of a
law granting to that State, for school purposes, any
land which may have reverted to the United States
i under the armed occupation act, and the right to-
locate, in separate sections, a quantity of land
granted by Congress for a seat of government for
said State; in favor of the enactment of a law to
provide for the survey and location of all lands in
i that State claimed under Spanish grants; in favor
| of the enactment of a law authorizing the inhabi-
j tants of townships in that State, whose school
i lands are valueless or covered by piior Spanish
| grants, to enter on any of the public lands of the
' United States a like quantity of land; which weie
| referred lo the Committee on Public Lands, and
' ordered to be printed.
Mr WESTCOTT presented a resolution passed
by the Legislature of the State of Florida, relative
to certain changes in the mode of carrying the
mail on the route from Chattahoochie to Pensa-
cola; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the Legislature of
the State of Florida, in favor of the removal of the
Indian tribes, in that State, to the territory pro-
vided for their reception, and the adoption of
measures fo* protecting the inhabitants of said
State from Indian incursions and depredations;
which was referred to the Committee on .Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
Also, resolutions of said Legislature, in favor of
a grant of public land for the erection of a court-
house at Tampa, in that State; in favor of the en-
actment of a law to graduate the price of the public
lands in that State; in favor of the relinquishment
to that State of certain overflowed lands, the pro-
ceeds of which, when reclaimed, to be applied to
purposes of education; and in favor of the enact-
ment of a law granting preemption rights to actual
settlers on the public lands in that State; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY piesented the petition of
Rockland Carlton, praying the reimbursement of
the amount of a fine incurred by him through the
mistake of a custom-house officer; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from a vast
number of inhabitants of Newport and its vicinity,
in Rhode Island, asking that the war with Mexico
may be brought to a close, and stating that the
prosecution of the war against Mexico is alike
