1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
403
repugnant to the dictates of humanity and the prin-
ciples of the Christian religion, and remonstrating
against all further exposure of the lives of their
fellow-beings in this cause as wanton and wicked,
and imploring Congress to abstain from whsitis
believed hy them to be contrary to the will of
the great body of the American people; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Ogle county, Illinois; a petition of Enoch Pond and
others, citizens of the>United States; a petition of
James Knapp and others, citizens of the United
States; a petition of A. W. Townsend and others,
citizens of the State of Pennsylvania; a petition of
Origen Bacheler; a petition of feiiialc inhabitants
of Syracuse, New York; and a petition of female
inhabitants of Bangor and its vicinity, in Maine,
praying the adoption of measures for the reestab-
lishment of peace between the United States and
the Republic of Mexico; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portsmouth and
New Castle, New Hampshire, praying an increase
of the duties on imported fish; which was referred
to the Committee on Comineice.
Also, the petition of Alexander Ladd, legal rep-
resentative of Nathaniel A. Haven and Ehphalet
Ladd, deceased, praying the final action of Con-
gress on the claims of American citizens to in-
demnity for spoliations committed on their com-
merce by the French Government prior to J800;
■which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Erie coun ty, Ohio,
praying the enactment of a law organizing a vol-
unteer force for the suppression of insurrections in
the southern States; a petition of citizens of Locks
Village, Massachusetts, praying the adoption of
measures for terminating the war with Mexico,
and the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the District of Columbia; and two petitions of citi-
zens of the State of Ohio, praying the adoption of
measures for releasing tile citizens'of the non-
slaveholding States from all constitutional obliga-
tions to countenance the institution of slavery;
the motions to receive which were laid upon the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Western Pennsyl-
vania, praying the repeal of the act imposing a
fine 011 persons convicted of harboring or conceal-
ing fugitive staves; which was referred to thftCom-
miitee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted a com-
munication addressed to him by Woodson Wien,
postmaster at Natchez, Mississippi, oil the subject
of amending the Post OHice law^, and increasing
the compensation of postmasters; which was re-
ferred to tlie Committee on the Post Otliee and
Post Roads.
Mr. BELL presented a petition of citizens of
Overton county, Tennessee, praying the adoption
of measures for terminating the war with Mexico;
which was laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. BRADRUUY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ichabo^ Jordan,on
the files of the Senate, be referred toThc Commit-
tee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. UPTTAM, it was
-Ordered, That the petition of Azel Spalding:, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the documents oil the files of the
Senate, relating to the claim of Joseph Loranger,
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was
Ordered, That Ross Wmans have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Ga., it was
Ordered, ThatZachariah Cox have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
Mr. RUSK gave notice that to-morrow, or at
some early day, he would ask leave of the Senate
to introduce a bill to provide for transci ibuig cer-
tain State papers of the late Republic of Texas.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill granting the franking privilege to Mrs.
Louisa Catharine Adams, in which they request
the concurrence of the Senate.
The bill from the House granting the franking
privilege to Louisa Catharine Adams, widow of
the late John duincy Adams, was read a first and
second time by its title, when
Mr. MILLER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill; and the motion
having been agreed to, the bill was considered, read
a third time, and passed.
ALABAMA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY.
. Agreeably to notice, Mr. BAGBY asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill in relation to the
boundary line between Alabama and Florida;
which was read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Betliiah Healy, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill granting a pension to Bethiah
Healy; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of David
H. Leeper, reported a bill to confirm to the legal
representatives of Joseph Dutailles the location of
a certain New Madrid certificate; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
On motion by Mr. BREESF., it was
Ordered, That a letter from tlie Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Oiticc, accompanying tlie petition of Joseph Du-
tailles, be punted.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Allen, came up for consideiation:
lloiolnal, That tlie fortieth rule tor conducting business in
tin: Senate, and wlueh requires tin' Senate to <•!(>>•- its doors
wlien tiansaetini: Exeeulivc bu-me^s, lie res-muted, unit the
Senate fli.ill hereallei bit with open doors while truiis.iclim;
nil business.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and the question having been taken,
it was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Beirien,
Biadliurv, llieese, Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Clarke, Coiwm,
Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts, l)a) ton, Dix, Downs,
Felch, Greene, Huntei, Johnson of Mluytiind, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Georsia, Lewis, M.msinn, Mason,
Millet, Moor, Niles,Pearce, Phelps, liu-sk, Sevier, Spruimce,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Upliam, Webster, and Yulee—39.
nays—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton.Bnsrby, Bright,
Clayton, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Hale,
Ilaimegim, Houston, and Turney—13.
The following resolution then came up:
Rewh-ed, That the injunction of secrecy be, and the same
is heicb}, removed ftoin ail past proceedings of ttie Senate
in Incentive session.
Mr. ALLEN expressed a wish, that in conse-
quent of the recent vote oil the other resolution,
this might be informally passed over, as he desired,
at some more convenient time, to discuss the sub-
ject.
Mr. MANGUM said, that he regarded this
whole matter us clearly out of order. No discus-
sion could take place on this subject which would
not bean interference with the Executive functions
of the Senate. He moved, therefore, in order to a
final disposition of the whole matter, to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. ALLEN desired to say a single word if the
Senator from North Carolina would withdraw his
motion.
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly; I will withdraw it
for that purpose.
Mr. ALLEN resumed. He suggested to Sena-
tors round lum, that as it was his intention to ex-
press his views on this resolution on some future
day, when the Semite would not be pressed with
impmlant business, the motion to lay it on the
tabic, as a final disposition of it, ought not to be
agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM renewed his motion, and the
resolution was ordered to be laid on the table with-
out a division.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Denton, was taken up and adopted:
Rcsolred, That the President of the United Slates be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the proceed-
ings ot the general eouit inaiti.il in the case of Lieutenant
Coionel Fi^niont.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business, and
remained there until half-past four, p. m., when
the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March X, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the business first
in order the bill of the Senate " providing additional,
examiners for the Patent Office," which was yes-
terday reported from the Committee on Patents,
with amendments, and under consideration when
the House adjourned; the question being on the
amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, viz:
to strike out the sum of $2,500 as salaries to the
chief examiners, and insert $1,500, on which the
previous question was moved and seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The question now was on the main question*
viz: to strike out $2,500, and insert $1,500; and
it was decided in the negative—yeas 79, nays 105.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the third reading of
the bill, it was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive, and the bill was then read a third time.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third time, with a view to reduce the salaries from
$2,500 to $2,000.
Mr. CLING MAN moved to lay the motion on
the table; which was decided in the negative—yeas
74, nays 116.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
And the question then recurring on agreeing to
| the said motion—
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said he hoped
; it would prevail; for some amendments were ne-
! cessary, and there were some, provisions in the bill
! that were ambiguous that should be made clear,
i He was desirous to move an amendment to reduce
the salary of the Commissioner of Patents five hun-
dred dollars, and, as that officer agreed with him
in politics, he should not expose himself to achargc
of being actuated by party feelings. Another
amendment which he wished to offer was, to pro-
vide for the disposition of the fees to be collected
under this bill. There were others, too, which he
would not now enumerate. Mr. J. then defended
himself against the charge that he was opposed to
the arts and sciences. He examined the nature of
the duties of the examiners of patents, and con-
trasted their labors with those of their fellow-citi-
zens of all ranks and professions, and contended
that they did not labor six hours a day, while they
were better paid than State officers.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. VINTON rose and said, it was very im-
portant that the bill which was before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
Monday, to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the present fiscal year, should be disposed
of, otherwise the operations of the Government
would be suspended. If the House should con-
sent now to go into Committee of the Whole for
the purpose of disposing of that bill, the one now
under consideration would retain its place as the
morning business, and could be disposed of to-
morrow. He therefore moved that the House
: now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
! the state of the TJnion.
j Before the question was taken—
| The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
] lowing communication:
| Washington, February 09,3848.
| Sir: The resolutions in honor of my deai deceased hus-
1 band, pLi--ed by tlie illustrious assembly over which yon
! prv'sidr, find of which lie .it the moment of Ins death was a
I member, have been dulv communicated to me.
! Penetiated with grief at tlm dir-tres.-io'/ event of my lite ;
i mourning the loss of one who has been at once my example
I and inv support thiough the trials of halt a ecntury, permit
1 me nevertheless to express through you my deepest grati-
tude for the Mwual manner in whieh the public regaid has
been volnntanlv manifested bvyom honorable body, and the
1 convolution deuved to and mine fiom the reflection, that
i the unweaned eiTorts of an old public sei vanthave not even
i in this woild proved without their reward m the generous
1 appreciation of them by his country. ,
• VYuh great reject, Mn, '
T° of the V. S.
DEFICIENT APPROPRIATIONS.
The question then recurring, and was taken, on.
the motion of Mr. Vwtos, and having been deci-
ded in tlie affirmative—
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Hunt, of New York, m th 
