1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
407
the attention of the learned and laborious Secre- |
tary, for he is distinguished for curious learning I
and the most severe labors. It has not been the
common-place duties of understanding the condi-
tion of his department and attending to the dull
routine of their discharge, which has been the
ambition of his predecessors, but visions, dreams,
revelations have engrossed the mind of the Secre-
tary—" enthusiasm," as the organ calls it. In-
terminable tables of figures, of no value except to
exhibit great and bootless labor, tending to no
practical results; learned and abstract disquisi-
tions; the most wild and extravagant calculations,
have occupied the weary days and sleepless nights
of the Secretary of the Treasury. So imaginative
and poetical a head of the department surely was
never before seen. Let us turn to what rrtay well
be called the poetry of finance. The Secretary has
the rare talent of making the figures of arithmetic
the vehicle of the wildest visions of the imagina-
tion; and 1 am sure, Mr. Chairman, after the
patient attention which has been given to my dry
details, the committee are surely entitled to what-
ever is amusing and poetical in the matter.
The Secretary, in the 23d page of his report,
says: " iiy table BB, it appears that the augment-
' ation ofourdomestic exports, exclusive of specie,
' last year, compared with the preceding, was
* $48,(556,802, or upwards of 48 per cent; and, at
' the same rate per cent, per annum of augmenta-
* tion, would amount, in 1849, per table CC, to
* $329,959,993, or much greater than the domestic
' export from State to State. The future per cent-
4 age of increase may not be so great."
This table CC is a curiosity in its way:
CO.—Statement showing xckat the Home tic ca-potls of the
United Sttit.es, e edit ire of gali and silver, would be on I he
30,7*. of Jun1S49, *y, during eack o) the three years suc-
ceed'u<; flic last Jhcal year, the pet ccnta^r oj' augmentation
were the tame us during the Listjhcat i/rcr.
Thf niciea«.p of domestic expoit^ of the United State.-, ex-
clusive of gold and hilvt-r, on the 30th of Jum1, 1847, as
compared with the >ear 184l>, was Jjf4y,556,fc0i—being
4tf.0Jiil6 pel- cent.
Years. J
t
Domestic ex-
tol ts, exclusive
of specie.
Per cent.
48.0031ft.
Domestic
exports.
Years.
June 30
1846
1847
1848
1840
$101,718,042
150,574,£44
$72,333,503
107,lX l,643
15a,4W>,03a
4*8,445,030
1R48
1819
lttflO
'I'ltEAbUK* DkJ'AKTMKNT,
Register's OjJ'irc, Derembcr 1, 1817.
1) WIKi, (JR VIIAM, Renter.
I do not knmv, sir, why the Secretary should
have slopped with the year 1H50. I have figured
myself a little on tins subject. I had not the
courage to encounter the vulgar fractions; and,
instead of the annual per contnge of increase of
48 316-10,OOOths, I have taken fifty per cent., as a
few millions are of no consideration in dealing |
with such enormous sums. I find, sir, by thus ,
following out the tabic, the amount of domestic ;
exports in 1855 would be over $3,800,000,000—
three thousand eight hundred millions of dollars!
And by the time this twenty years' loan would
become due, the amount would be beyond compu-
tation.
The Secretary has extravagantly over-estimated
in his report the amount of productive industry of
the country at £3,000,000,000 annually, and yet, if
his table of calculations is to be followed out, in
1855 the annual domestic exports on its basis would
be greater than the entire productive industry of
the country.
I do not mean to be understood to say, that the
Secretary estimates that this rate of increase is to
continue. Indeed, he says, in so many words,
*' the future per centage of increase may not be so
great."
It is to be presumed that he had some practical
object in view m the statements above, anil in giv-
ing us this elaborate calculation. I do not charge
him with a deliberate purpose lo mislead and de-
ceive the public by such exhibits. I am inclined
to thmk it is only the " enthusiasm" that the editor
of the " Union" admired so much—the result of
vague, indefinite, visionary schemes and notions,
which on many other occasions have distinguished
the productions of this functionary.
He follows up this same course of reasoning in
ij^le SS, of his report, which is a " statement show-
ing what the tonnage of the United States would
' be on the 30th June, 1857, if, during each of the
4 ten years succeeding the last fiscal year, the per
i centage of augmentation were the same as during
* the last fiscal year."
This calculation shows the tonnage during the
year 1847 as being $2,839,046, and the estimated
tonnage in 1857 to be $7,926,377. What can be
more insulting to the common sense of the nation
than such calculations, were it not that they are
too laughable to excite any other feeling than amuse-
ment?
I am reminded by gentlemen around me that the
Secretary has pursued the same course of figuring
in relation to other matters; but I forbear to mul-
tiply instances of this kind, and will only add one
further extract from his report. On the 22d page
he says:
"An addition of thirty rente each to the consumption of
our products exchanged ftom State to State by our own
people would furnish an increased market of the value only
of fcti,300,000; whereas an increase of thirty cents each, by
a sy>tem of liberal exchanges with the people of all the
world, would give us a market for an additional value of
.^SJ'JjOUO,000 per annum of our expoi is. Such an addition
cannot occur by refusing to receive in exclrmse the products
of other nations, and demanding the $300,0c0,000 per annum
in specie, which could never be supplied; but, by receiving
foreign product^ at low duties in exchange for our export-,
.~uch an augmentation might take place. The only obstacles
to hU.-h exchanges are the duties and the Heights."
What can be more absurd than this statement1.
I need not say, Mr. Chairman, that 1 have no per-
sonal unkind feelings towards the Secretary of the
Treasury. I have commented freely, and in terms
which 1 think they deserved, upon hie public acts,
and the mode in which he has administered the
affairs of his department. I think, .since he has
been in this office, he has done more to the injury
of the country than any other man. He has pre-
ferred the praise and approbation of our commercial
rivals to the true prosperity and peace of his coun-
try, and has never brought to the administration of
the finances of the country those qualities of prac-
tical wisdom,sound sense,and enlarged experience
so necessary m the management of the affairs of the
Treasury Department.
1 had designed, sir, to have said something on
the subject of the loan bill which has passed this
House, and may return to us again, but my time
is exhausted.
Mr. McLANE addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: I do not rise to reply to the
honorable gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Rock-
well,] who has just taken his scat. To an hon-
orable friend on my left [Mr. McKay] moie ap-
propriately belongs that task; and though the
| gentleman from Connecticut enjoys in his own
! State no mean repute as a financier, yet 1 do not
I think the assault he lias just made on the estimates
! of the {Secretary of the Treasury will prove to rest
' on any surer foundation than that which served to
j sustain the ellbrls of those on the other side of the
House who have preceded him, m the hitherto
fruitless task of impeaching the accuracy of Mr.
Walker's estimates. To those estimates 1 propose
to direct some reflections. But, before doing so,
I desire to refer to a speech delivered in this Hall
some weeks since by an honorable gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. R. W. Thompson.] The very
, great latitude allowed to debate, in the consider-
J ation of the bill now before the committee—and
' more particularly the example presented on day
' before yesterday, when the very topics to which I
j propose to refer were covered m all their aspects,
I pcisonal and political—rendei-s all apology un-
I necessary for the trespass 1 am aboqf to commit
I on the indulgence of the committee.
j The honorable gentleman from Indiana lias been
i pleased to consider it hts peculiar function to vin-
i dicate the truth of history, in so far as he has
] found that history violated in the expression of
i my views and opinions upon the abstract justice
; and necessity of this Mexican war. I have, he
says, entirely mistaken the great questions of his-
! tory which are involved in the origin and prosecu-
, tion of the war; and having thus mistaken and
j misstated these questions, he finds I have made
i my erroneous view of them subserve the party
I purposes of the existing Administration. To use
j his own language, he says:
5 "The gentleman, in my conception, has entirely mi^Mken
; the great questions of lustory which aie involved in the oii-
i a in and prosecution of the war; and has made these ques-
I tion<s5 thus misstated by him, subserve what, I think I .-hall
| be able to show, were exclusively and entirely the paity
• purposes of thi* Administration,
"The gentleman's speech, as originally written out by
himself, 1 presume, and published in the "Union," con-
tained the assumption—in order to justify the President of
the United States in the issuance of the order of the 13th
January, 1846, for the march of the army to the valley ofthe^
Rio Grande—that the President, in Iris message of Decem-
ber, 1845, had communicated to Congress the fact that Gen-
eral Taylor had been ordered to inarch the army to the
valley of the KioGiande. I quote his words. He says: 'In
< December, 1845, Congress was informed that General Tay-
* lor had been assigned to the defence of the country west
{to the Rio Giando.'
"Now, I have carefullv looked into the history of this
thing; X have carefully examined all the public documents
upon which I can lay my hands, and nowhere do I find,
from the beginning to the end of all the communications
which emanated from the President of the United States in
December, 1645, or prior to that time, the declaration that
General Taylor had been oidored to march the troops under
his command to the Rio Grande. There was no such mes-
sage, no such document to be found, no such political fact
rccoi drd in the h^tory of the country. The President of
the United States did communicate to Congress in Decem-
ber, 1845, that he had assigned Geneial Taylor to the com*
mand of the army, and that his position was to be taken be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande ; but not that lie was
to march to the Rio Grande. The Secietaiy of War, at the
commencement of that session, communicated to Congress
intelligence of the fact that General Taylor had been as-
signed tn the command of the country between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande, with an "ultimate destination" to the
Rio Grande—with a pmposo of ultimately occupying the
valley of the: Rio Grande ; bul nowhere, either in the mes-
sage of the President, or in the report of the Secretary of
War, was there any communication made to Congress that
Geneial Taj b>r was aligned to the command of Uie araiy,
and ordered to march to the Rio Grande."
Sir, here is a somewhat ostentatious champion-
ship of the truth of history, by my honorable
friend, couched, it is true, in terms of grace and
courtesy, and introduced with a very gracious and
complimentary expression of respect for the man-
ner and ability with which I applied myself to the
woik of error and misrepresentation, to subserve
the party purposes of this Administration.
Sir, my honorable friend must permit me to say-
that 1 lose sight of the gratification 1 should natu-
rally feel for his very flattering judgment of my
ability or eloquence, deserved or undeserved, when
he is pleased to accompany the expression of his
judgment with such grave allegations.
Sir, t should not long possess my own self-
respect, if I could misstate tne history of my coun-
try to subserve the party purposes of this or any
other Administration. m I do not imagine that the
honorable gentleman would impute to me any in-
tentional misstatement of this history; but I am
not disposed to avoid the issue he has raised, by
an acknowledgment of error or negligence, I feel,
sir, the responsibility which rests upon us nil, in
our deliberations here, to consider maturely the
subjects that engage our attention; and I have
such respect for this House, that 1 cannot acknowl-
edge I have either mistaken or misstated the histor-
ical facts connected with this Mexican war ques-
tion, until I meet with other instructions than is
afforded by the speech of the honorable gentleman
from Indiana. I'hc first issue presented by this
speech is to be found m the following words, as
stated in the extract just read from the pamphlet
copy of his speech, which lie politely handed to
me immediately on its publication, to wit:
" In December, 1845, Congress was inform-
ed that General Taylor had been assigned
to the defence of the country west of the
Rio Grande."
1 propose, sir, to repeat and reaffirm this posi-
tion and historical statement, in all its original
integrity; and I shall present from the record the
most positive and affirmative proof of its accuracy.
I shall then, sir, feel it my duty to comment upon,
and, if I may be allowed the expression, to ex-
pose, the very extraordinary statements and argu-
ments submitted by the gentleman from Indiana,
in refutation of this relation of historical fact,
taken almost literally from the annual report of
the Secretary of War. I shall, I think, convict
my honorable friend of the sin of omission, in-not
seeing what was on the face of the record; and of
the sin of commission, in saying that he found on
the record that which is not on the record at alt.
1 shall then, further, I think, satisfy him that he
has misapprehended the record when ho read it cor-
rectly, and misapplied it after he misapprehen -
ed it, by offering it in refutation of a statement of
fact entirely different from the relation of historical.
fact he had engaged to overturn. As positive and
affirmative proof that I was accurate in the position
that, « in December, 1845, Congress icas informed
< that General Taylor had been assigned tome defence
' of the country- west to the Rio Grande1 beg to
