1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
this, the gentleman says he e repeatedly urged1 the marching
of the troops to the Rio Grande. Sir, it is not easy to mis-
take the true position of General Taylor in this matter. He
never did positively recommend the occupancy of the Rio
Grande valley. He wrote hypathetically, whenever he wrote
to the department on the subject, always having reference
to the ' ultimate destination' of his army, as previously indi-
cated to him by both Mr. Bancroft and JM r. Marey. I repeal,
therefore, that to represent him in a different position from
that in which his published letters place him, is doing him
great, veiy great injustice. If there is nothing in his posi-
tion to do 60, his distinguished services at the headofagallant
army should guard him against such accusations. It is but
a poor rewaid for his toils now to be told, after he has btaved
the dangers of the camp and held to bung thiswai to an hon-
orable termination, that he has interfered with the political
policy of the Government, when the strict line of duty called
him to another and a wholly different sphere.^ As a soldier,
he has* obeyed the 01 ders of his Government; as a command-
er, he has covered himself with imperishable lame; but in
neither capacity has he ever undertaken to prescribe a course
of political policy for this Administration. He know® his
duty toj well, anil I do not believe that he would swerve
from its straightest line for power, patronage, or place."
Sir, the material issue here is simple—to wit:
that General Taylor advised, repeatedly urged the
advance movement of our troops from Corpus
Christi farther w6stto the Rio Grande, upon both
political and military considerations. .Now, sir, I
will not exchange, at this moment, with the gen-
tleman from Inuiana, any opinion about General
Taylor's political or military character. I shall
respect him by confining myself to the question at
issue. 1 shall maintain, by affirmative proof, the
position I have already taken, and since assailed
by the gentleman from Indiana. I will then make
a more particular reference to the terms and argu-
ment in which that honorable gentleman would
controvert my position. I read from the despatches
of October 4, and November 7, 1845:
Extract of a letter from General Taylor, dated Corpus G'iristi,
October 4, If45.
" It is with great deference that I make any suggestions
on topics which may become matter of delicate negotiation;
but if our Government, in settling tlie question ol boundaiy,
makes the line ol the Rio Giaiuiean ultimatum, I cannot
doubt that the settlement will be gieatly facilitated and
hastened by our taking pos-ession at once ol one or two suit-
able points on or quite near that river. Our strength and
Kate of preparation should be displayed in a manner not to
be mistaken. However salutary may be the effect produced
Upon the border people by out prepuce here, we aie too
far from the fionuer to impress the Government of Mexico
with our readiness to vindicate, by force of arms, if neces-
sary, our title to the country as far as the Rio Grande. The
< army of occupation' will, m a few days, be concentrated
at this point, in condition for vigorous and etlicient service.
Mexico having as yet made no positive declaration of war,
or committed any overt act of hostilities, I do not feel at
libeity, under my instruction?, particularly those of July 8,
to make a forwiud movement to the llio Giande without
authoiity from the Wiu Department."
jExtinct of a letter from General Taylor fluted Corpus Christi,
Texas, November 7, 18<lf>.
tiSm: I lespectfully enclose a copy of a letter from Com-
modore Conner, eonimnnduig the home squadion, which 1
received by the 1 Saratoga' hloop-of-wtu, on the f>th instant.
The intelligence communicated by the Commodore will
doubtless reach the seat of (io\eminent long beloie the
receipt of tins letter.
"The communication fiom the Secretary of War,dated
October Ui, was received and acknowledged on the l*t and
2d4u tant. I purposely deterred a detailed reply to the va-
rious points embiacod in that communication until i could
receive an uuswei to mine of October '1, which coveicd (at
least in pait) the same ground. The intelligence jrom Mcx~
ic"), lion ever, tends to modify, in some dc^ee, the vieu;v er-
prcs'sc i m that communication. The position now occupied by
the troops may, perhaps, he the best while negotiations me.
pending, or at any rate until a disposition shall be manifested
by Merico t) protract them unreasonably. Under the suppo-
sition that sueh may be the view of tht department, I shall
make no movement hom tins point, except foi the purpose
of examining the countiy, until fuitiiei nistiuetions are re-
ceived. You will perceive, fiom inv orders, th.u reeoniioi->-
sauces art! almost constantly in the field, the oiiicers of
engineers and topographical engineers rendering valuable
service on these duties, i refer jou to the icports made by
thoist: officers to the chiefs of then own bureau* for the in-
formation which is thus pioeured m iclation to the country.
Au examination of the harbor of Bra/.os Santiago will be
ordered iu a lew days—as soon as a propel vessel bhall be-
come disposable lot that service."
Here, sir, General Taylor being in possession
of full instructions from his Government, inform-
ing him that the Rio Grande was our southwestern
frontier, with orders issued before annexation,
informing him (as I have shown by the order
of June 15, 1845) that his ultimate destination,
after the terms of annexation were accepted, would
be that western frontier—with orders issued after
these terms were accepted, reaffirming the original
instructions, with qualifications in regard to iso-
lated points and settlements m possession of Mex-
ican authorities, and caution as to the defensive
attitude he should maintain;—thus instructed, he
advises the advance to the Rio Grande as a poliri-
ral movement, judicious and advisable, provided
tne Government meant to insist on the Rio Grande
as their ultimatuhi; with which policy he had I
nothing to do, and in the adoption of which he
shared no responsibility—it was for him only, as
a faithful officer of the Government, to accept their
policy and sustain it. He wrote, as he himself
says, with deference, and hypothetically, upon
topics not strictly pertaining to his militaiy func-
tions; but still, sir, he wrote not the less explicitly
or frankly, and I desire-to add, wisely* Meanwhile,
sir, General Taylor hears from Commodore Con-
ner that Mexico had agreed to negotiate, and then
General Taylor writes the despatch of November
7, 1845, in which he qualifies his recommendation
for the forward movement, by expressing the opin-
ion that " the position now occupied by the troops
' may perhaps be the best while negotiations are
'pending; at any rate, until a disposition shall be
4 manifested by Mexico to protract them unreaso7ia-
<bly
Sir, this disposition to protract them unreason-
ably was known to our Government on the 12th of
January, 1846; and in this contingency, the coun-
sel of General Taylor, m his despatch of October
4, 1845, becomes the counsel of General Taylor in
his despatch of November 7, 1846; and thus, sir,
the recommendation for a forward movement, ad-
vised in the despatch of October 4, is repeated in the
despatch of November 7. So much for the politi-
cal or diplomatic feature of these despatches. The
concluding paragraph of the despatch of Novem-
ber 7, refeis to the sanitary considerations involv-
ed in the military features of the campaign, and
urges strongly upon the Government the advance
of our troops betore the warm weather should
set in.
Sir, upon these despatches of October 4, and No-
vember 7, the honorable gentleman from Indiana
thus comments:
"Now, Mr. Chairman, what does all this amount to?
Docs not the gentleman see that tiie su^entuns ol General
J a) lor were hypothetical met elj .? lie had, as 1 have aheady
show n, been iiiioum d, both by Mr. li.uieioit and Mr.Muicy,
that his < ultimate destination' was the ltio Grande ; and on
the hypothesis only that the aimy weie destined by the Gov-
ernment to occup) that temtory, he wrote to the Adminis-
tration that ij it ucie to be done, for ceitain leubons, u was
better that it should be done at once, fiutub a political re-
commendation to this Government, General Taylot never
did unconditionally advise that our army should be matched
to the ltio Grande. I cannot consent that such au impres-
sion bhould be nought to be made, without denial; which
denial 1 now make, mid will not retract, without evidence
greatly more than 1 have yet been,
" Every word he has said on the subject, both in his letter
of October 4th, and in that of November 7th, is hypothetical
merely—only conditional upon the faet that the Government
intended to pursue the policy which had been already indi-
cated to linn by the Secretaries ot War and the Navy. But
hypothetical m it was, it was quaUlkd—witlidiawn-—taken
back, if jou please, m the Letter of Novemb. i 7th, in which
he distinctly informed the Administration that he should
make no movemoW Itoni Coipus Christi 'until Julthcr ui-
Ut actions aie icccucd.' Never did anj man mo to expiu nlj
deelaie hisdcHgn^nnd lt |S I'^Miig stmnge that they should
be so wholly misconceived."
Here, sir, is the same confusion and misappre-
hension about the terms i<L ultimate destination,"
which, as 1 have said, have no signification, ex-
cept as it refers to the acceptance of our terms of
annexation; the despatch in which it occurs telling
General Taylor that this acceptance will take place
about the 4th of July, on the happening of which
his destination is the western frontier of Texas—
the Rio Grande—on or near which he will take his
position.
No one doubts, sir, that this counsel of General
Taylor was entirely independent of the responsi-
bility and policy of the Government, which treated
the llio Grande as the western frontier of Texas.
No one doubts, sir, that it was hxjpo^ietical; and
the hypothesis in question was the affiady settled
ultimatum, that the Rio Giande was our west-
ern frontier. In this sense only did I ever refer
to it. The merits of the original question, as to
whether the Rio Grande was rightfully made our
ultimatum, was not in any way connected with
this counsel of General Taylor; nor did I so treat
it. On the contrary, I vindicated this policy of
the Government on its own merits, and argued that
the whole Government concurred in adopting this
policy. The counsel of General Taylor was
referred to incidentally, and in a sense collateral
to the main issue. This counsel of General Tay-
lor had, in my mind, peculiar significance in
meeting the argument of a very accomplished
gentleman of my own State in the other wing
of the Capitol, who considered that our whole
Government—Congress and the Executive—had
concurred rightfully in treating the Rio Grande
as our western frontier; but that, as between the
different branches of our Government, the Presi-
dent had sinned in lack of wisdom, in ordering the
army to the Rio Grande. In this connection, the
whole Government Being rightfully committed to
the Rio Grande as the ulHtnatwn9 the counsel of
General Taylor relieved the President to that ex-
tent. His folly was shared at least by an eminent
and judjeious soldier, within reach of the enemy,
who had been for months reflecting upon their dis-
Fosition, and his own situation and responsibility,
can well understand that the gentleman from In-
diana should be anxious to rescue General Taylor
frym all connection with this horrid march of the
army from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande—
the last issue of the Whig party; for, what with
the very independent relation now borne by Gen-
eral Taylor to all parties in this country, if he is
to be separated from his new friends on this issue,
how are they to seek a connection with him,
without the humiliation referred to by the honor-
able gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer,]—
their dissolution ? Taylor Whigs and Clay Whigs
are alike anxious to shut their eyes to their own
embarrassments.
1 have felt, sir, that with such freedom as ex-
ists on the other side of this House, in character-
izing the Executive expositions of the course and
policy of the Administration as unworthy of cred-
it, and stigmatizing in masses those who support
this policy almost as participes criminist with
the imputation of error and argumentative as well
as historical assumption laid at my door individ-
ually,—I have felt, I say, bound thus to present a
full exposition, to rebuke (if I may so say) this
somewhat ostentatious arraignment of my accu-
racy. Besides, sir, I do not choose to be made
the occasion of calling out either Clay Whigs or
Taylor Whigs to the vindication of General Taylor's
| character or judgment. I beg to assure my friend
from Indiana that I do not need his assistance to
enable me to do justice to General Taylor, which
I am able to do without any fear of embarrassing
myself here or elsewhere. This explanation is the
more necessary, as my honorable friend from In-
diana has been represented to my constituents as
the handsomest and most eloquent man in Congress,
who had riddled to flinders their young locofoco
representative. My friend has been in Baltimore,
and has heard something of the same kind from the
fairest portion of my constituency. I concede to
him, sir, the palm of beauty and eloquence; but I
cannot consent to let him pass current as more
accurate or truthful; he must permit me, on this
latter branch of the comparison, to hold him to
the u wager of battle."
!j Another assumption—and the second in order,
!' as treated by the honorable gentleman from Indi-
i ana, to which he is pleased to take exception—
! consists, he says, in the position laid down by me
i in these terms:
! " A tefeienee to tins act of admission of the Stale of Texas
: (-m\ December, 1845,) will show that it was the tftate of
i Texas that was admitted, with a constitution already Jnuticd,
| athrminir the declaiatory statutes which defined the buuad-
' aiywestto the llio Giande; and with such boundary she
was admitted a btate into the Union."
To this the honorable gentleman objects, in the
first place, that Texas herself, by her boundary
statute of 1836, acquired no title. With this argu-
ment on this head 1 do not propose to interfere.
Having stated it, he says:
111 repeat, therefore, that Tc.xas having .icijuued jio title
by the act declaring her boundary to be the Km Grande, none
could have been conferred on the United States, it we bad
adopted that act. But wc did not. (n the constitution ot
; Tcxa-, with which she was received into the Union, and
I. winch was adopted after the joint resolution for annexation
ij had pas*< d, there was an express provision that all acts of
I i hei Congress were ailinned and continued in full force, ex-
;i cept thosem derogationof the Constitution of the United States,
'1 or in violation of the teims of annexation. Now, the joint
i, resolution of annexation, as one of its most prominent lea-
tures, contained a pwxision that the question of boundary
h should be left to be settled by negotiation. And if theques-
j| tion of boundary were to be settled by negotiation,how could
! tins act ot 1836 be otherwise than inconsistent with the joint
! ievolution? That act fixed the boundaiv without negotia-
tion, declared the ltio Grande to be the western boundary,
and, as a matter of course, by the express terms ot annc.xu-
tion, had no binding force upon the United States. ie.\a<,
herself, could not have regarded that statute as afhimed by
her constitution; foi, by excepting alt acts in conflict with
our joint resolution, she, in point of fact, repealed the act of
19th December, 1836. Such is the legjd elfect of her own
constitution, solemnly made and ratified ; and by its terms
die must now stand.3'
I have but one word of comment here, and it is
to suggest that I differ entirely with the gentleman
