1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
promptly in any reasonable time, day after day
they were putting one of the President s messages
on their tables, and, as had already been stated,
three-fourths and more of those documents were
behind at this late period. He had put a small
bill on their table, and it was ten days before it
was sent back printed.
Mr. CONGER replied that the committee were
aware that there had been, delay. This had been,
in every instance,^brought to the attention of the
printers; and m every instance the printers had
given the committee such assurances of the dili-
gence made use of in their oliice, and of the great
amount of labor expended in executing their du-
ties, that they had been inclined to believe that
they would in a short time bring up the printing
of the House, and relieve themselves from the
embarrassment which they experienced, and the
inconvenience which members of the House suf-
fered.
Mr. WENT WORTH would like to inquire of
the gentleman if the Committee on Printing had
examined the paper on which the documents were
printed, and the amount of matter in the page, and
compared them with the specimens on which the
contract was made?
Mr, CONGER replied, he was happy to have
the opportunity to answer the gentleman. That
matter had been under the most serious consider-
ation of the committee; the examination had been
made. The committee were fully aware that the
paper, as furnished thus far, had not, been of the
quality specified in the contract; and also, that the
matter on the page was not sufficient to answer the
stipulations of the contract. This subject had been
undei setious consideration; and although the com-
mittee had not come to the full determination as to j
what action they would take upon it, yet, in audit- |
ing the bills presented thus far, they had deducted j
a per centage 011 the compensation equivalent to !
the deficiency. :
Mr. WENT WORTH was understood further !
to inquire if the printing of the Journal of the
House was not behindhand to as far back as the
1st or 2d of January?
Mr. CONGER thought not so far back.
Mr. WENT WORTH. How far ?
Mr. CONGER'S impression was that it was to
about the 15th of January.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested, if the contract
had been violated or forfeited by the printer, that
it whs the duty of the committee to report the fact
to this House at once, and they would take action,
and summary action, upon it.
Mr. CRISF1ELD was understood to inquire if:
the delay in the printing did not aiise from the fact I
that the juices at which tiic punting had been ;
taken, weie at a rate for which the printing could !
not be done, and done seasonably, except at a :
loss? I
Mr. CONGER said, so far as that matter was j
concerned, not being a practical printer himself,
he could not answer from his own knowledge, j
There was on the Committee on Printing one piac- ;
tical printer, and he believed it was not improper '
in this place to say that that gentleman had ex-
piessed the opinion that the prices paid were too
low.
But, so far as the general inquiry was concerned
in relation to what the committee had done, and
what the committee had determined upon, he could
only say that the whole matter had been under ;
their most careful investigation and consideration, j
and that the proper course of action had not been i
determined upon by them. |
Mr. VENABLE wished to know whether the ,
House were to be obliged to wait until the commit- !
tee came to some conclusion? Were they to be :
kept out of their Journal a month and two months? I
Was the printing to be done so that they could :
scarcely read it, and upon a quality of paper so |
poor that no man would wish to preserve the doc-
uments? He had asked for bills again and again
which had been ordered to be primed. They could ;
not be had. The reply made was, that the con- :
tract was too low. Why, if this was the case, if
the pi inters could not accomplish the work they J
had undertaken to perform, in the name of com-!
mon sense, let the House give them up the con- |
tract—give them a clean receipt; let the public !
printing be well and promptly done, and let them '
pay for it like men.
Mr. HUNT said, that there was the same delay •
in printing the President's message and accompa-!
nying documents at the first session of the last
Congress. Complaints were then repeatedly made,
and particularly, it would be recollected, by the
colleague [Mr. Hudson] of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who now brought up the subject.
It should also be borne in mind that the docu-
ments this session were fifty per cent, larges than
they ever had been before; and, in regard to the
prices paid, the amount received by the printers
of the last Congress, under the joint resolution of
1819, for the printing of the President's message
andaccompanyingdocuments, (a document of 1,000
pages,) was $1 54; the present printers received for
the same document, which was now enlarged to
about 1,500 pages, about 50 cents—less than one-
third of the former prices. He was in favor of pay-
ing an ample and sufficient price, but as long as the
House were informed thatthe printers were prepar-
ed to go on and fulfill their contract, he thought it
best not to afford them relief until they asked relief.
There was no doubt in his mind that the printers
would fulfill their contract; they were responsible
parties, and, in addition, they had given ample
securities. In passing from the old system to an-
other, it ought to be expected that at first there
would be considerable delays; these were unavoid-
able.
With reference to the quality of the paper: these
printershad contracted foralargequantity of paper
of the same quality as described in the contract; it
was bought by sample; when they came to open
it they found it of inferior quality, but could not
get other paper, and had this on their hands. So
they had been m a measure obliged to make use
of it.
Mr. CLINGMAN wished to offer as an amend-
ment an additional resolution, which was read at
the Clerk's desk, and which instructed the Com-
mittee on Printing to investigate this whole matter
of delay, and to inquire and report means for its
remedy.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. ASHMUN said, he had not intended to
make any unnecessary complaints in relation to
the public printers, lie had spoken of the man-
ner in which they performed their work. He
presumed they were respectable men, good print-
ers, and competent to the discharge of their duties;
but he desired to call the attention of the House to
the fact—because it was his firm conviction that it
would prove to be such—that they never could,
and never would, make good their contract. They
had undertaken a task to which they were not
adequate, because at prices which were incompe-
| tent. lie had no idea, because they did not come
j forwaid and ask foi relief, that this House should
sit still and subject itself to all the inconvemenccs j
growing out of their neglert of duty. He thought i
the time had come when they should be relieved
from the evil consequences of this delay.
Mr. HUNT here interposed with a word of in-
quiry, which was altogether lost to the reporter;
to which
Mr. ASHMUN replied, that he recollected no
such thing, nor did he think the gentleman accu-
rate in his recollection. There had been some
complaint at the first session of the last Congress,
as there always was some complaint. He remem-
bered full well-his colleague at that time made some
' complaint in reference to the President's message,
as referred to by the gentleman from New York,
I but that complaint was made before the 1st of
! January—was made in December, according to j
t his recollection. At all e\ents, there certainly had
| never been any such delay as they had had at the
1 present session of Congress, lie was satisfied,
that under the present system, which had been
adopted as an experiment, they would always be
subject to delay; and although the printing was
done cheaper, he thought it poor and miserable
economy. He therefore hoped the House would
take some measure—he did not know what—he
hoped no rash measure—by which they and the
country would be relieved from the inconvenience
and injury under which they now labored in failing
to receive important public documents.
Mr. WENT WORTH was in favor of the con-
tract system. He believed the printing could be
executed under that system, if they held men to
their bonds; and they had a Committee on Print-
ing purposely appointed to see if the public print-
ers complied with their contract. If they did not
in one single instance, let the committee report it,
and let the House turn them out and take the next
lowest bidder; and if he failed to do what he un-
dertook, let him be turned out and the next lowest
bidder be contracted with, and soon they would
find men who could do the printing and have the
documents promptly laid on their tables. He had
only further to remark that it was for their owfi
convenience and for the interest and information of
their constituents that they ordered the printing of
these documents, and not for the benefit of the
printers.
Mr. PALFREY had been somewhat surprised
that in all the debates on this subject the question
had not been made whether the public printers had
or had not exercised all the diligence they properly
could? If there were any means of examining into
that question, let it be done. But their comfort
and the interests of the country required that their
attention should be given to a very different ques-
tion; th^ir capacity for action day by day, and
through that, the interests of the country, required
that the printing should be promptly done. He
cared not about these printers or any others; he
cared not about a.little more or a great deal more
being paid, but he did demand, in behalf of his con-
stituents and of the constituents of other gentlemen,
that this work should be properly and seasonably
done. How that was to bo accomplished he did
not know; that was to be attended to by the Com-
mittee on Printing.
One other topic of great, though perhaps of in-
ferior importance. The documents of this House
were objects of curiosity and interest in foreign
countries. The printing of this House had always,
to the best of his knowledge and belief, been ex-
ecuted in the most discreditable manner—he did
not say discreditable to those engaged m it; for
aught he knew, they furnished alUthe documents
in as good a style as they could afford to do at the
rate at which they had been paid for the printing.
If they could not get the printing done better at
the rates heretofore given, double, triple, quadru-
ple the price; but he entreated the House not to
disgrace itself by sending out their documents in
such a manner, to not only the people of this coun-
try, but to foreign courts and libraries, and the
archives of foreign governments. As the printing
had been done, it was a reproach to these great
States. It had been so executed that he could
hardly read it. He was of opinion that this Gov-
ernment should send out its documents as correct
specimens of the art of printing.
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order. The prop-
osition before the House, as he understood it, was
a motion to print a specified number of a certain
document which had (-001010 the House from one
of its committers. He did not understand it to be
a proposition m relation to the manner in which
the public printing was executed, and he theiefore
submitted that this debate was irregular and out of
order, and he felt it to be his duty to arrest it un-
less it was in order.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
motion was for the printing of an extra number of
copies, and it was in order"to examine the proba-
bility of obtaining- them.
Mr. PALFREY said his apology, if he had
taken too wide a range, was, that when he came
into the House, the question had been started, and
he had made his remarks rather on topics which
had been raised by other gentlemen who preceded
him in debate than on the question, of which he
was ignorant.
The question was put on agreeing to the report
of the Committee on Printing, and it was agreed to.
EXAMINERS IN THE PATENT OFTICE.
The SPEAKER announced as the business first
in order the bill to provide additional examiners
for the Patent Office and for other purposes, which
was reported on fuesday last with amendments,
and which was pending yesterday when the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third time—
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the bill
bv striking; out "$52,500" as the salaries of chief
examiners, and inserting " $2,000," and moved
the previous question.
Before the demand for the previous question was
seconded, Mr. HENLEY made a few remarks m
explanation. ,
The previous question was then seconded; and
under its operation the amendment was agreed to,
