1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
of living in the German States, which sends among
us such countless legions of foreigners.
And what must be the occupation of the Ameri-
can ambassador when he reaches Rome? Will he
devote his attention to the inciease of this supply
of alien voters,'"or to the interests of the United
States in the Cabinets of continental Europe ? Hav-
ing no commercial or political duties to perform,
save those connected with the American ballot-
box, he must keep up the supply of voters, who
are to he judiciously located by the legate of the
Pope. And who so capable of this great diplo-
matic duty as the man who has so industriously
agitated this sympathy for Rome, to gratify his
inordinate and gigantic ambition; who, for years
past, has been the dictator, the trader, and the pan-
der of the foreign Roman Catholic vote; who one
minute acts the priest, and the next day plays the
politician: who would have the world to believe that
ne is greater than the Presidentof theUnited States
because he is the power behind the throne who
moves the President; who would have the world be-
lieve that, because he flatters the American people
by a sermon from the national forum, he is the
mainspring of the American Congress? Combining
the character of priest and politician, allowed to the
ministers of no other sect, this ambitious dema-
gogue, faking for his motto that u impudence is
power,""has dared to display an extent of auda-
city never practised and never allowed to any other
clergyman. This embassy, and all the public tur-
moil that has led to its suggestion, is the work of
an intriguing, restless, grasping, and ambitious
priest, who fans in his bosom the nefarious hope
that he is himself to be the destined organ between
a free republic and an absolute hierarck.
Is it not enough that he should draw us into the
vortex of European tyranny, superstition, and cor-
ruption, but must he alao dream of the vast honor
of consummating in his own person this revolting
alliance between the crimes of hoary guilt and the
purity of youthful innocence? For what, after all,
lias this popular Pope done but oiled the chains of
his people that they might never have power to
break them asunder? What are all his reforms
but gilded thraldom, and slavery made eternal bv
modern rivets forged in the fire of that " progress
which serves equally to ^loss the schemes of ty-
rants and the projects of imbecility; which can be
used with as much plausibility by the arch-tyrant,
who understands how to enslave men through their
passions and imaginations, as the political empiric
who disguises his own ignorance by prating of the
march of mind; whose tongue discourses of bene-
volence while his iron hand is armed with the pow-
er of oppression?
i ask has Pium IX. abolished tithes'5 lias he
granted universal .sullrago, or any su/Frage, to his
Papal subjects ? I las he established a rrpi e.senta-
tive government? lias he introduced tiial by jury?
Has lie granted the writ of habeas corpus? lias
he abolished the college of cardinals? 1 las he es-
tablished common schools' lias he struck down I
the power of the confessional ? Has he repealed
the demoializiug edict of celibacy ? lias he thrown
open the gates of the monastery, or unbarred the
iron bolts of the convent? Has lie separated church
power from state authority? Has he abolished
that pest-house of intrigue and pernicious propa-
gandist^ the Society of the Jesuits > fie has done
none of these things. Then, what has he done to
entitle him to the sympathy of the people and the
homage of the Government of the United States?
Nothing.
lie lias made no fundamental alteration in the
papal system. The edifice remains entiie; it is
supported by the same Gothic column of medieval
ignorance and superstition. He may polish an
architrave—he may repair a broken step leading
to the vestibule, or suspend a new wreath around
the altar, or add an ivory crucifix, or even lay a
railway into the capital of the Cesars—but the
palace system remains entire, unaltered, unim-
proved—the same stern tyranny, the same inflex-
ible compound of earthly and celestial despotism.
Yet the man who is Pope is not a Ciesat Borgia.
Pius is not as a man so narrow and contracted as
Gregory. Pins understands human nature, and
knows how to render the papal system popular by
wreathing chains with rose blossoms. Perhaps the
elements mix more gently in his bosom. But all
this does not make the papal system less odious.
it was said of Augustus, the first Roman Empe-
ror, that he made tyranny so beautiful by his
amiable character, as to destroy in the Roman
people the love of liberty. Pius is now doing more
than Augustus, for he is reconciling the world to
the concentrated despotism of the most iron-handed
hierarchy that ever flourished.
If Rome will not come to America, America must
go to Rome 1 This is the new doctrine of an age
of retrogressive progress. If the Pope will not es-
tablish a republic for his Italian subjects, we, the
American people, must renounce all the ties of our
glorious freedom, and endorse the papal system as
the perfection of human wisdom, by sending- an
ambassador to Rome to congratulate " His Holi-
ness" on having made—what? The Roman peo-
ple free r Oh! no; but on having made tyranny
amiable; in having sugared the poisoned cake.
And for this, the highest crime against freedom,
we are to commission an ambassador to Rome!
Is there an American heart that does not recoil from
the utter degradation of the scheme?
When nations profess to assimilate on prin-
ciples of amity, and to draw closer the ties of good
will, it is on the ground of a common cause—
equally dear to both—cither of freedom or of abso-
lute power. If Rome were a republic, the propo-
sal to send an ambassador to preserve principles
common to both Governments, and equally dear
to the people of both countries, would rest on a
different foundation. In that case we should have
congenial interests to preserve; in that case wc
should be cooperating in the common cause of
human rights. But now we exhibit to the world
the spectacle of a pure antagonism in our system
of government to that of Rome. Two systems
more opposite could not exist. When liberty
makes concessions to tyranny, which party gains
by it? Wot freedom—not the cause of human
rights. Despotism thrives by it. Wc lend en-
couragement to a system of government at open
war with the happiness of mankind. We become
the patrons of an absolute monarch. We tell him
to " scourge on, scourge on."
We are about to act in a crisis of IJapal history
pregnant with the most eventful consequences to
the world. It is not a common occasion. No or-
dinary impulse moves the great machinery of papal
power, whose wheels are oiled by the adulation of
Jesuit priests on the one hand and demagogues on
the other. Not only is Rome coming into a new
epoch, but the United States is also beginning a-
new era. Why we have never before had an am-
bassador at Rome, is answered by the prompt
reply that Rome never before had a Pius IX. on
the papal throne! We have nothing, then, to jus-
tify this projected innovation but the modern char-
acter of the new Pope. Embassies once opened
are never closed. We cannot compliment Puis
by an embassy, therefore, for even after his death
it muxt be continued, We compliment the papal
&ystem of government by sending an ambassadoi,
having no commercial interests to settle or political
relations to adjust. Nor is it possible to compli-
ment Pius without complimenting his system of
government, for he has as a liberal reformer made
no fundamental alterations in it. We are there-
fore to compliment him on his modified manner of
administering a system radically at war with the
rights of man; pernicious in itself, and dangerous
in every form it may assume, and under every
modification that individual genius may venture to
! adopt as a covering to its deformity.
| We have sympathized with the independence
; of Greece, of South Ameiica, and of Mexico,
' when, casting olF the yoke of kings, they estab-
1 hshed their claims to self-government. But how
i did we sympathize? Not by pending an anibas-
i sador, but by passing- resolutions m Congress
[ applauding the act of emancipation. Here were
[ cases in which nations achieved their fiecdom, and
! yet we sent no ambassadors. If Pius has emanci-
pated the Roman people, bring forward your reso-
lutions, and then we may have, an oppoitunity to
inquire how far the extent of his leforms will
justify even that manifestation of our national ap-
!j plautse. The innovation now proposed is against
i| all precedent, is frowned down by all principle, is
i denounced by facts, and rendered ridiculous by its
extravagance. It would indeed be a farce but for
'[ the tragic character of us consequences; and these
entitle it to our unmitigated abhorrence.
it Pass this bill, and you insult the majesty of the
'! people by the desecration of their Constitution, by
|| th© violence done to the genius of our Government,
«1 by the outrage on free principles involved in the
proposition to recognize Papal Rome, an infallible
Church Power, as the head of the State. > N
When we talk of the genius of republican gov-
ernment, and allude to the spirit of free institution?,
said to be so mortally wounded by the Mexican
! war, let us remember the wrong done to the spirit
! of freedom by this scheme of an ambassador to
j the Pope, whose spiritual character is the absorb-
ing one of his throne, and who, if he is no Pope,
is no sovereign—he holding his right to rule his
subjects from a divine, not a human source, la
all other monarchies the right divine is abolished.
In Rome, it is the essence of secular as well as
ecclesiastical power. And hence it is that no Pope
can be a reformer, in the true sense of that term.
He cannot give the people the rights they are enti-
tled to, because from that moment he would cease
to be Pone, and the people, ceasing to be slaves,
would become sovereign. Pius never can do what
would entitle him to American approbation. No
Pope can ever be worthy of an ambassador from
this Republic on grounds such as we now hear
maintained.
''Would you have a serpent sting you twice?"
We have had experience of the evils of monarchy
in its best form, and shall we risk the perils of its
deadly venom in the worst? When did the Church
of Rome, or the Pope, ever receive homage that it
did not exact fealty > When did never pause in its
' giant march after univeisal dominion ? When did it
| ever sleep if power was to be gained by waking?
; When did it ever fascinate without the intention to
; destroy ?
| The flood of immigration is sweeping its millions
• of foreign Roman Catholic voters over the land,
j The past is gloomy enough; the present awfully
I portentous; but the future is black " with shadows,
! clouds, and darkness.'' This country seems des-
i tincd to be the giand theatre of Roman Catholic
power—not American papistry, but the papistry
of Rome—of the Old World—of Austria and of
the Pope. Shall we grow wise in time, or shall
we surrender up onr rights without resistance?
Shall we make a stand now, on a Government
proposition to unite this free Ropublic with abso-
lute Rome, or shall we surrender in anticipation
of the day of trial, and ask the Pope, in despair,
to fetter our hands before we strike a.blow ?
Sir, if it be written in the black book of fate that
this great Republic is yet to become a dependency
of the Court of Rome, let us not hasten our infamy
by any premature weakness, by any act that shall
' expedite our downfall or accelerate our bondage.
, We are now asked to become voluntary agents in
enthralling ourselves; we are implored to send an
ambassador to Rome—to have our manacles forged
in the furnaces of the imperial city, under the
special care of the Holy Father, who acknowledges
no human authority in matters of government, but
who pleads a divine right to bow down the neck
of man in the dust, and yoke him to the iron car
of absolute power.
' Do Americans who think favorably of this meas-
i ureas a stroke of policy to conciliate the foreign
1 Catholic vote, calculate that it must cost the honor,
i if not the freedom, of our country, when they pro-
1 pose that we shall despatch a political ambassador
to a prince who maintains thatall power emanates
i from a Divine soutce, and that the people possess
i in themselves no inherent rights? Has it been
, ascertained even that the PontifF will receive an
| ambassador from a country not only branded with
, heicsy, but outlawed as Democratic from the pale
of legitimate government? The practice of the
Papal Court has always been adverse to receiving
missions from Powers that did not m some form
acknowledge her supremacy. Even England has
forages maintained no diplomatic relations with
Rome, owing to her Protestant contumacy. Are
wc to bend the knee first, and then to acknowledge
the Fope as the source of ail power? Must we
prove recreant to our glorious Declaration of Inde-
pendence? Must we renounce popular rights? On
what terms is our ambassador to go? Does the
proposition come from the Pope, or originate with
our own Cabinet ? These are important questions
to answer. Has his Holiness turned Democrat,
and fallen in love with our free institutions * a his
1 is not probable; for if he cannot tolerate the idea
i of a Protestant hierarchy like England, he will not
! assuredly be able to look with complacency upon
: a people who maintain the radical equality of the
I human race as we do.
! If the appointment were a mere mercantile ar-
