420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
rangement to negotiate a treaty of trade and com-
merce, it would wear a color more rational—even
although the Pope is not bound to keep faith
with heretics ! But, alas! the Pontine Marshes
are the boundaries of the trade and commerce of
the Roman Pontiff. He has no trade, no com-
merce, no exchanges of value to offer for our cot-
ton, our tobacco, our rice, our flour, or our hemp.
3t becomes, then, a pure political embassy; yet,
having no political rQlations with Rome, it becomes
reduced to a mere nullity, an empty form, an un-
meaning pageant, a ridiculous display, wicked in
its conception, disgraceful in its tendency, and
prodigal in its expenditure. Is this a time to play
with expensive baubles, while we are borrowing
millions upon millions to prosecute the war ? Must
we add to the burdens of our national debt by tax-
ing tea and coffee, in order that we may send an
ambassador to the Roman Pontiff, to acquire the
vices or familiarize himself with Wig frivolities of
European courts ?
How stands this boasted Italian reformer as a
constitutional monarch ? Is he willing to part with
any of his boasted prerogatives as an absolute, king?
Listen to his own declaration, spoken at the last
opening of his Council of State, and mark the holy
indignation with which he repels the slightest im-
putation or suspicion of his despotic chaiacter!
And yet we, the American people, propose to send |
a deputation, an embassy, to this confirmed despot! j
These are his words: !
"I thank you for your good intentions; and, as regards i
the public welfare, L esteem them of value. It wa-? foi the f
pubhc good that, since my elevation to the Pontifical throne, •
I have, in accordance with the counsels inspired by God, i
accomplished all that ] could; and I am still ready, with the |
asM-tanee of God. to do all for the future, without, however, j
retrenching in anj degree thesoveieigntvof the Pontificate; |
and, ma mueh as f received it tull and cntne fiom tny pie- j
deees&or?, so shall I transmit this saeied deposit to m> s:ic- :
oesson*. 1 have thiee millions of subjects as witnesses '
and I have hitherto accomplished much to unite my sub- ;
jecta with me, and to ascei tain and provide ior their neces- '
futies. it was particulaily to ascei tain those vt a.its, and to !
provide bettei for the e.ugencie* of tiie public service, that i
I have assembled a permanent council. It was to hf-ai \oiir 1
opinion when necessary, and to aid me in mv sovereign* res-
olutions, in which I ^all consult my conscience, and confer
on them with the Ministers and the Saeied College. An\-
body who would take any other view of tlx functions' you
are called V) fulfil would mistake materially. a- well a> he
that would in thePonncil of State j have created the i<>-
alization of their own L'lopuis, nwl tnesenn of an institution
incompatible with the Pontifical sovereignty
Now, whi't are the facts? The United States '
can only regard Pius, in his temporal and political 1
character, as a sovereign, the monarch of Rome. ,
And we find that sovereign so jealous of his ab- i
solute power as to denounce bv anticipation any |
possible surmise of his intention to part with or j
lelax in favor of popular freedom any'the slightest j
portion of his absolute prerogatives. He will not !
retrench one iota of that power which he has re- '
ceived full and entire from his predecessors, and !!
which he will transmit as a sacred deposit to his ' ;
successors. And what is this deposit? Such is
the language of the reformer, for whom a faction "
in the United States would express sympathy, and
with whom they are willing to fraternise! '
True, we sen'd a minister to Russia, an absolute |!
monarchy; but our commercial relations with Rus- •
sia justify it. But m the case of Plus we propose 'i
to send a sympathizing embassy, a special political
agent, to uphold his political character and encour- 1
age him m liis efforts to overthrow American m-
stitutions. ' ;■
Sir, I wage no war against any religious opinions 1 >
of foreigners or Americans, rior do { conceive Jesuit
influence to have any connection with rcho-ion.
Roman Catholic countiies have in succession de-
nounced, expelled, or proscribed the Jesuits, as the '
most formidable enemies of government; several
Popes have fulminated their hulls against them.
It is too trite a part of history to detail, for all
know ?h,ii it was Pope Clement XtV. who promul- '■
gated the memorable edict for t^eir suppression ■'
as a pernjeious order, whose ambition was incom- ■'
patible with the go\or.-iment of empires and the1
purity of the Roman CalhoY'c religion! Their '
colleges were suppressed, and their revenues con- i
fiscateu ny Roman Catholic prelates, popes, and j1
kings. ri'he inxlitntinri of I^nattus lloyala was j'
made to immortalize the ambition of bad men. It '
laughed with derision at the power of states to ex- 1
tinguish it; it still flourishes mnr-3 formidable than j
ever throughout Europe, unseen in its eri<uu power,
but moie powerful than kings. Following'in the !
path of their victims, they come in droveZ to the
United States, and are now spread through the j{ Romish Church is a temporal prince, of absolute
length and breadth of the land. With smiling and ; power, and infallible authority. Question his man-
meek exterior, their purposes are all useful. They > date, and excommunication follows. Disobey his
wear no terrific front; they carry no weapon to J' behests, and, lo! the rod of his vengeance falls on
destroy life; but bear the sceptre of knowledge in < the culprit, both in this world and the future. The
their hands, and under the banner of " education" j-
they instil the insidious doctrines that invest them ,
with almost omnipotent power over the minds of
their disciples. Power over the human will is the j
object of the Jesuit, and the aim of that power is
J to rule man by enslaving him. A community un-
j der the influence of Jesuits must be a community !
\ of slaves. Implicit obedience to the behests of a !
| despot is the first law of the order; and will you .
I give fresh vigor to that order by courting a legate
t of the Pope, to be stationed in this city for the
| purpose of centralizing its influence? Sir, foreign
I colonies planted among us, under the influence of '
| such a central poicer, cannot fail to work out their j
! designs, even to the overthrow of our free institu- ;
t tions. i
I I tell you, and I tell the nation, (for there is yet ]
! time to save it,) that the propagandists of Europe :
1 are colonizing this country; that the foreign popu- !
lation is being dexterously located, not only with
the view to the holding of the balance of power in
fountain of its honors, ministry,*and functions,
(spread where it may,) is at Rome. The Pope—
reformer though he be—is the head of all. From
him Sows the double stream of spiritual and tem-
poral power, which, however it may divide itself
for a season by the rugged face of foreign climes,
never rests, but bods and bubbles forever, till it
reunites; even through the impediments of blood *
carnage, revolution, and rebellion. Its impetuous
surges of aYnbition beat against every shore for the
admission of its temporal power, and now, amidst
the spreading lights of the nineteenth century, we
are asked not only to recognize, but to send a
minister plenipotentiary in advance, craving; his Ho-
liness to condescend, by creating a religious tie* to
take us into his holy keeping.
Gracious and just Heaven! to what direful ends
will the passions and ambition of men hurry them!
How inscrutable are the ways of God to test our
virtue, and waken m our bosoms the divine emo-
tions which led the noble men of other days to make
certain States, but with reference to the organiza- '1 such immortal sacrifices, when burning at the fiery
tion of new ones, under the peculiar influence of
the Jesuits, who will spread their ample wings
over them, go where they may. The Jesuit is not
confined to the country. He is at home everywhere.
His web is thrown overall. His power benumbs
the soul and fetters the body. His victim is con-
trolled, and moves, and acts, at the will of his
master", and it is this master whom you propose to
serve by the passage of this bill
stake, or dying under the tortures of the Inquisi-
tion—when Smithfield celebrated her hetfish or-
gies, or the rack tore the bleeding limbs of heroic
martyrs at Madrid—or the massacre of the Hu-
guenots deluged the fair fields of France with the
best blood of the age!
Will gentlemen who propose to rivet this religionr
chain think of the future, for it is to the future that
we are to look for bonds, fetters, and disfranchise-
Sir, a Jesuit college or seminary is now a familiar j went? That future which in a few years will ex-
inpr. to he seen in all nlaces.and dailv increased. pand our population to an hundred millions; when
thing, to be seen in all places, and daily increased,
without exciting a sensation, or giving birth to a
remark. Habit reconcilcs us to evil, even when
most odious and revolting in its features. But a
gilded exterior makes evil a welcome object to our
senses. We, greet the man whose bland smiles
  cheer us, and whose flatteries gratify our vanity.
Courtesy and learning both unite to render the
Jesuit insinuating; and had he no object but the
single purpose of improving the intellect of man-
kind, he should receive the homage of my admira-
tion. But even " education'' may be purchased at
too high a price. After all, can the knowledge
inculcated by the Jesuit be called " education
It is not, at least, the education of an American or
of a freeman. A republican, come from what
quarter of the globe he may, ought to have his
whole soul expanded to the utmost bounds of lib-
erality—free,.daring, energetic, and boundless in
our wild Indian lands, embracing Oregon and the
far West, shall have been settled by foreign Roman
Catholics and their children, all under the guidance
and control of Jesuit leaders, bound to obey their
general, the Pope's nuncio, whose headquarters are
to be the scat of government, and that seat of gov-
ernment the city of Washington !
Let us imagine for a moment all this immense
expanse of empire, embracing some fifty or sixty
States, to be settled by its proportion of the foreign
slaves of foreign Jesuits; and, inferring the future
from the past, that theyha\e been successful in
extending their invasions upon the spiritual and
political rights of the American people, what
would be the direful consequences of thi3 dreadful
overshadowing of the moral and intellectual world?
Are the religious wars and relentless persecutions
of fire, rack, and other bloody demonstrations of
its soaring flight; feeling no throb he feared to utter, : bigotry, with which Popery has deluged Europe
burning with no thought he dare not express. ■; for ages, again to be acted over here—on the. fair
This, sir, is the basis, the only basis, of American ; and unstained bosom of our vast and free Repub-
education. Unrestrained freedom of thought and ,! lie? Heaven forbid this foul desecration of our
; speech, with no master but God, no superior but !' equal rights! And yet what hope of exemption
the laws—conscience for his guide, and reason for
his counsellor.
If no other evil resulted to the American people
but this system of servile education by the ambi-
tious Jesuit, who seeks to control it—wrapping un
the minds of our American youths in the eternal
bondage of Egyptian daikness—it would be quite
a sufncient inducement to put a curb on the evil
rather than to give loose rem to their designs by
the passage of this bill.
Let it not be forgotten that this system of intel-
lectual and moral bondage is only a means to a great
ulterior end; and that is political power and religious
author.ty. Although the Popes have, at various
periods m the history of the world, pretended to
suppress the order of the Jesuits, they have never
failed to avail themselves of their aid ns missiona-
ries. They might be suppressed at Ziomc, but it
was only to nerve them for fresh exertion in a
distant land. It never was content with spiritual
diffusion, but always struggles and pants to gain
temporal power for its priestly head. We find no
other religion hut that of the Pope concentrating its
vot*s to accomplish political power. It is peculiar
to Popery never to rest content till it incorporates
its power with the civil government. We have the 1
voice of History to instruct us in the fact that a re-
ligion founded oii the union of spiritual and temporal
power will strive naturally to propagate that imion, as
indispensable to its perfection. Without political
power, such a religion is not only incomplete, but
defective, deformed, gnd wanting in its natural
members. Why is it so ? Because the heyd of the '■
gleams in the future, unless the friends of civil and
religious liberty, animated by a sublime devotion
to the welfare of their children and the fieedom of
posterity, now combine to arrest the march of pa-
pal usurpation before it overspieads the land, and
, plants its " garrisons" of power deep in the bo-
som of our valleys, irresistible, and unresisted?
The combination of despotism—the despotism
of Church and State power—must be counteracted
by combinations of freemen, under the sacred
, guarantee of the Constitution, which makes resist-
ance virtue, and stamps the denunciation of this
u unholy and revolting alliance" with the sublimest
attributes of patriotism and benevolence.
I have already shown you that our minister will
have no duties to perform in Rome; and now per-
mit me to inquire what interests of Rome, as a Eu-
ropean Power, are to be protected by htr minister
in this eountiy'
Sir, this constitutes the gist, the very marrow
of the question. He is destined to be a vigilant
observer of the ruflied waters of political agitation
■—an a:tive correspondent, advisory and directo-
ry, and, so fir as the Jesuits in this country are
concerned, mandatory—concentrating the combined
force of fort ign Roman Catholic action, and the
foreign Roman Catholic vote, upon such men and
such measures as me best calculated to extend the
temporal power and political influence of the Ro-
mish priesthood!
Shall such a consummation be brought about or
hastened by the action of those who chum to be
the descendants of the Pilgrims? Sir, 1 trust not.
