1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
A biii for the relief of John Manley;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Stokes;
A bill for the relief of Esther Russell;
A bill for the relief of the Red River Railroad
Company;
A bill for the relief of Stalker & Hill;
A bill for the relief of Reuben Perry and Thomas
P. Li<jon;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin White;
A bill for the relief of Anthony Bessie;
A bill for the relief of G. F. de la Roche and W.
P. S. Sanger;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Moore, of the
State of Massachusetts; N
A bill for the relief of Robert Ellis;
A bill for the relief of Catharine Pulton, of Wash-
ington county, Pennsylvania.
Senate bills for the relief of the administratrix of
Elisha L. Keen, deceased, and providing for the
payment of the claim of Walter R. Johnson against
the United Scates, were also taken up, read, consid-
ered, and ordered to be reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of certain forward warrant
officers of the United States navy was ordered 10
be reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The committee rose and reported.
The bills.jftwm the Senate for the relief of the
administratrix of Elisha L. Keen, deceased, and
providing for the payment of the claim of Walter
JR.. Johnson against the United States, were then
sread a third time, passed, and returned to the Sen-
ate.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole, that the bill for the relief of certain for-
ward warrant officers of tho United States navy be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, was agreed to, and the bill is
accordingly committed.
The bill directing the mode of settling the claims
of Charles G. Ridgely was taken up, the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole concurred
in, the bill was read a third time, passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
The above-mentioned bills, which were reported
by the Committee of the Whole without amend-
ment, were taken up, ordered to be engrossed, and,
being engrossed, were read a third time, passed!
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
The SPEAKER kid before the House the an-
imal report of the Commissioner of Patents, show-
ing the operations of the Patent Office for the year
1847; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Committee on Printing were directed to inquire
into the expediency of printing an extra number of
the report of the Commissioner of Patents.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of 2d ofMarch,
1819, regulating passenger ships and vessels, tabu-
lar statements showing the number and designa-
tion of passengers who arrived in each collection
district of the United States during the year ending
the 3Uth of September, 1847; which were laid upon
the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, under the rule, filed
wi'h the Clerk a notice of a motion for leave to in-
troduce a bill to increase the pay of the regular and
volunteer soldiers in the American army.
Mr. BINGHAM, by leave, presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michigan
relative to the establishing a mail route from Dc-
tioit to Michigan. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
FRIDAY, March 3, 1848.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Walker,
his Secretary:
To the Senate of the United States;
In an-wer to the resolution of the Senate of the 3d Janu-
ary. J com.'iiunieat." hrtrewitna report from tho Secre-
tary ot" Stati*, witii tiu' accompanying documents, containing
"the correspondence of Mr. Wisf, late Minister of the
United States -it the Court ul'Biazil, iehiUnu' to the subket
of the slave trade." JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Ida) c/t 2, 18-18.
The message was read, and ordered to be print-
ed.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW JERSEY.
Mr. DAYTON presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the State of New Jersey in favor
of the construction of a railroad from Lake Michi-
gan to the Pacific Ocean, on the plan proposed by
Asa Whitney.
Mr. DAYTON said, in presenting these resolu-
tions, he desired to say a few words. On previous
occasions he had, in response to instructions from
political adversaries, disclaimed the binding force
of any such instructions. These resolutions ema-
nated from a Legislature composed of a large ma-
jority of political friends. They are not intended
as instructions, but advisory. In this view, said
he, they are entitled to my most deliberate and
respectful consideration, and they shall receive it.
But 1 know, that the body by whom these reso-
lutions were passed, will ask no more than this of
me. Without having given to the subject any
caieful consideration, 1 may be pardoned for saying
that, as at present advised, my impressions are
altogether against the scheme of Mr. Whitney as
unwise and impracticable. These opinions will
be carefully reviewed when this question shall be
presented; and, if consistently with my views of
official duty, I can conform myself to the wishes
of a body whose wishes I am ever bound to re-
spect, it will give me pleasure. But if, on the
contrary, 1 remain of my present opinions, I shall
be under the ultimate necessity of responding in
this matter to political friends, as I have hereto-
fore responded to political opponents.
Mr. DAYTON thereupon moved that the reso-
lutions be laid upon the table, and printed for the
use of the Senate; and the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the proceedings of
a Democratic meeting of citizens of the county of
Saratoga, New York, approving and sustaining
the measures pursued by the Government in the
prosocution of the war with Mexico; which were
read and laid upon tho table.
Mr. D1X presented a memorial of surgeons in
the army and navy of the United States, praying
the adoption of measures forpreventing the import-
ation of spurious and adulterated drugs and medi-
cines; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Or<lc\c-!, That tho petition of Ahred White,on the files «f
tho Senate, bo rofcried to the ConmiiUuc on tho l'o-u Oii'ice
and tNM Roads:.
On motion by Mi*. AS1ILEY, it was
OiilcieJ, That Ihi* Committee on the .hiduinij bo di-<-
eliaryed iiom I ho luithcr coiimdeinhon ot the petmon ot'
.We\un<lei Lndd; unci Unit u he on the table,
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following1 res-
olution lor consideration:
llcsolveil, That one thousand additional copir  of Lieuten-
ant i'lmoiy's report, and Colonel Cooke's leport and map,
herutoloiu ordered to he punted, be printed tor the use of
the Senate.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee 011 Military
Aff.urs, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill for ascertaining and paying the California
claims^, which was read ana passed to the second
reading.
[The lull appropriate* $700,COO to defray the expenses of
tho mihtaiy operationMmder the orders of Captain Stockton
and Lieutenant Colonel Fi6tnont,ond to defray the expenses
01 the civil government established there hy Captain fcj., and
ail j«st claim* arn?ni<r out of civil and military operations.
Alf>o, tor a board to ascertain the claims, to consist of the
commanding oiheer of the California battalion and two oth-
cei< of -aid battalion while in s"rvieo. The board to Mf
in diffeient places, and to give- ceiuficfite-. for the amount
found due, the same to he paid loithvvith in Cnhiorma by
some proper oilieer duly appoiutid 5 allows the boatd to ap-
point a clerk to keep a lecoid; the board is to he allowed to
take testimony for 01 against an> claim, and allow or disal-
low according to the ju.-tice ol tin; ease; it gives the Cali-
fornia battalion all the hem iit<? of the acts of Congress in
t.ivor of mounted volunteer troops; all claim* held to be usi-
lounded or unjust ate to be forever barred; the decision of
tho majority of the bomd to be final; tiie amount allowed
the officers ot the board as compensation .^,0 )0, and 000
for the clerk; witnesses on the part of the United States'ate
allowed ten cents a mile, and the same to members of the
board uot entitled to army transportation.]
* EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were again
opened, and,
On motion, the Senate adjourned. >
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, March 4, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved— .
On motion of Mr. CABELL, the Hotise re-
solved itself into Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Washington Hunt, of
New York, in the cliair,) and proceeded to con-
sider the bill further to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations for the fiscal year ending June 30th,
1848.
Mr. STRONG, who was entitled to the floor,
commenced by saying that he should not imitate
the course of those who had preceded him in this
debate, in occupying the brief hour permitted to
him in animadversions and censures on the course
of the Executive. He held it was the duty of all,
instead of wasting time in crimination of the past,
to endeavor, with one accord, to restore peace to
the country on just and honorable terms. How
this end could be accomplished by accusing the
President of having been actuated m every meas-
ure he adopted by some covert, selfish, nefarious
design, Mr. S. confessed he could not very well
see. No man, assuredly, would adopt a course
like this in the affairs of private life. If a man's
house was in flames, and all he owned in the world
was beneath its roof, when every effort was called
for to rescue his all from destruction, he would not
stand idle till he had proved to all his neighbors
that his dwelling must have been purposely set fire
to, and had vented his wrath in denouncing the in-
cendiary. He drops that inquiry till he has saved
his children and goods, and then he may institute
the most rigid scrutiny as to the real author of the
fire. So in this case. If the President had been
guilty of cirors, this was not the time to pause to
investigate them. We were now at War; when
peace should come, then the inquiry would be a
timely one, and it might be prosecuted to any ex-
tent that gentlemen pleased, without danger of re-
tarding and postponing an event which the whole
country so ardently desired.
Mr. S. went on to say, that with this conviction,
his course on the present occasion should be first to
inquire what ought to be our future course, circum-
stanced as the nation was. True, it might be neces-
sary, in order to ascertain this, to refer somewhat to
the past, but only for the sake of being thereby the
better guided as to the future. There was one fun-
damental inquiry, which seemed to have been to-
tally overlooked throughout almost this entire
discussion, and that was, whether the war was in
itself just or unjust; for, if the war was essentially
unjust, then the course of duty whs clear and plain.
Wc must cease to do evil; we must not only prose-
cute the war no further, but we must retrace our
st(*)■>«; wc nmfct recall om armies; we must restore
to Mexico c\ory foot or*her territory, and we must
tender to her ample indemnity for the unmerited
evils we had inflicted. Mr. S. would have no part
in any unjust war. But if the war was just and
right in its principle, and the injuries we had re-
ceived and the expense to which we had been sub-
jected in redressing them conferred on us rights, as
the injured party, then wc might and ought to en-
force them.
The subject first to be inquired into, then, was
whether, in the existing war, it was the United
States or Mexico which " had her quarrel just."
But this was scarcely a debatable question. Even
the gentlemen on the other side had themselves
all along virtually admitted that, as to the principle
of the war, we were in the right. Yes; even the
resolution itself, which declared that the President
had commenced the war in an unjust, unnecessary,
and unconstitutional manner, carefully avoided de-
nying the justice of the" war itself. Indeed, they
could not but so view it, else how could they con-
sistently or conscientiously vote the supplies to
carry it on ? S:\y what gentlemen pleased against
the President or his motives, when gentlemen gave
their votes to carry on an existing war, their vote
spoke loudly in the people's ear, that they viewed
the war vis in itself just and right. Mr. S. said
that he did not, indeed, attach so much importance
to the vote first given, declaring that war existed
by the act of Mexico; but, whatever might be said
about the duress under which that vote had been
given, the whole course of gentlemen ever since
admitted of no ambiguity as to what were their real
sentiments of the struggle in which their country
was engaged. No gentleman on the other side, or
