1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
be separated from us. No day-dreamer imagined
the possibility of it. But Mexico put her defence
for commencing the war upon the annexation of
Texas. This was the ground which she first
took, und which she had always maintained as her
justification. He briefly referred to the history
of Texas as an independent republic—so vindi-
cated by herself at San Jacinto, and so acknowl-
edged by England, France, and the United States
—to show that Mexico had no cause of com-
plaint when she chose to annex herself to the
United States. There were many who doubted
about the expediency of the annexation of Texas,
but no one, as far as he knew, doubted in regard
to its justice, and the injustice of Mexico com-
plaining of it and making it cause of war. If par-
ticular authority was wanting on this point he
could refer to a distinguished Senator, who, after
having vainly opposed "the annexation of Texas, de-
clared that it was no just'eause of hostilities on the
part of Mexico, well, if it was not, the only
excuse which Mexico ever set up was swept from
beneath her. The in justice of this war was hers.
If the war, then, was just on our side, we had
the moral, the acknowledged right to indemnity
for expenses in maintaining our just cause. There
could be no doubt about this. It was a doctrine
acknowledged by the laws of nations; it was a
universal practice among nations; it- appealed to
every man's sense of right. He could not stop to
discuss this question. He would not undertake
to declare the extent of the indemnity which we
should require. There was no earthly tribunal to
adjudicate upon the disputes of nations, and deter
mine their rights. That must be left to the sense
of justice of the victorious nation; and to that he
was willing to leave it. It should be settled with
justice toourselvcsand magnanimity towards Mex
ico. He was not insensible to the loss of life in-
curred in this war. The bones of many of his
fellow-townsmen slept in Mexican graves. He
was not insensible to the distress of families, to the
accumulation of national debt, to the increase of
taxes, and, more than ulI,to the injury to the pub-
lic morals; and he would avert these evils from the
country as soon as it could be done consistently
with honor and justice.
But it had been argued that indemnity was not
within our power—in money, in land, or in any
other way. The honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] to whom he had listened
witli great attention, had told them that the whole
of the Mexican territory had long since been grant-
ed away; that wc could not take from individuals
their private property, and therefore that wc could
get no indemnity in land. He agreed with the gen-
tleman that w e could not take from individuals the
land* which i Iks Mexican Government had gianted
boiiu fute; and he was inclined to think that a very
large proportion of flu: Alexicun lands were already
in the hands of individuals. f nt he dissented en-
tirely from the position that indemnity was not to
be obtained even if the fee simple to territory were
riot acquired. Was sovereignty nothing? That sov-
ereignty which should give to us the right of emi-
nentdoniain, the right over the rivers and harbors,
and the jurisdiction over the country? Indemnity in
sovereignty, and sovereignty alone, had been the
ordinary mode in which satisfaction had been ob-
tained m modern times. History was full of such
cases. For hundreds of yeais it had not been pos-
sible to obtain indemnity in any other way in
Euiope. Had not the fee simple of a single acre
of land been obtained when we purchased Louisi-
ana, was not the sovereignty over the territory
and the ftee navigation of the Mississippi from its
mouth to its source more valuable than aught else?
Now, the acquisition of the sovereignty over New
Mexico and California would give us a free mar-
ket for our manufactures and agricultural produc-
tions, the rigiit of their rivers and harbors, and
all the commercial advantages resulting therefrom.
These would be of great value, though he did not
say they would be as much as the like rights in
Louisiana. We might, then, obtain indemnity in
soveieignty, even though that sovereignty did not
include the fee simple of one acre of land.
But, said the honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont, if we acquire New Mexico and California,
we are liable to become responsible for a large
amount of debts. Whether he meant the debts of
the State which we might acquire, or the debts of
the General Government of Mexico, he (Mr. S.)
did not know. But, be this as it might, he dis-
sented entirely from the doctrine. If we obtained
any part of Mexico, we obtained it as indemnity—
as^satisfaction for past debts. How, then, could we
be liable for the debts which were due to others ?
It was but the ordinary case of two creditors. Was
the one who obtained satisfaction for his demands
under any liability to pay the other, although his
demands might exhaust all the property of the
debtor?
But the doctrine was one eminently dangerous
to the peace of the world. A nation's debt might
be vastly more than the value of its lands, and
such a nation might commit aggressions upon
others at pleasure, without being compelled to
make indemnity.
But we had been referred to Vattelfor authority
on this point, ft was true, he laid down that for
a conqueror to refuse to pay the debts of the na-
tion he had subdued, would be to rob its innocent
creditors. Now, he was but a commentator, and
might lay down doctrines which were unsound.
And, moreover, he was speaking of conquest,
without reference to the object for. which that con-
quest was made. He had not in view cases where,
that object was indemnity—satisfaction for past
indebtedness. The principle could not be sus-
tained. The laws of nations were but the laws of
nature applied to nations; and we should search in
vain in the laws of natuie or the usage of civilized
nations for any such liability as Vattel assumed to
exist. He appealed to gentlemen on the other
side who maintained this doctrine, to show any
single instance in the history of nations in which
it was recognized. No such solitary usage was
to be found. Vattel, it was true, did refer to one
case, and so did the gentleman from Vermont in
his speech—the case of the conquest of Silesia by
Fr«denck the Great. The gentleman said that
there the King of England demanded the payment
of debts due from Silesia, and that after some shuf-
fling Prussia paid them. He (Mr. S.) referred to
the circumstances of the case, and denied that it
was one of conquest. There was no pretence of
jonqucst, but all the title which Prussia acquired
was by treaty, and the liability of Prussia for the
debts of the conquered country was voluntarily
assumed cotemnoraneously with tfte treaty, if
the assumption had been made subsequently, there
might have been some pretence for claiming it as a
precedent to establish this doctrine.
He repeated that no solitary case was to be found
in history which went to prove, the liability of a
conquering nation, or a nation obtaining territory
by treaty for indemnity, being liable to pay the
debts of the conquered country; and he tlierefoie
totally denied the assumption winch was made by
gentlemen on the other side, that if we obtained
any part of Mexico, wc were liable for her debts.
ilohad now, ho thought, vindicated our light
to indemnity.
But it was said that such was not the object of
the Piesident; that, notwithstanding-his repeated
avowals, his paramount object behind ail this was
to build up his own fame by the extension of our
territorial limits. This was inferred from the fact
that Mr. Tnst, in his correspondence with the
Mexican commissioners, required as a sine qua
non that certain provinces ot Mexico should be
ceded. Now, it was admitted on all hands that
indemnity, that satisfaction for past indebtedness,
could alone be obtained by taking territory. If
territory were obtained for this purpose, and we
agreed to pay all that the territory was worth more
than our demands, was it for that reason any the
less indemnity? To illustrate tins piinciple by a
case in private life: two farmers own land adjacent
to each other; one has received an injury from the
other; it is proposed to settle the difficulty: thfe
aggressor cannot pay m money, but orteis to pay
in land, and to set oil' one of his fields adjoining
the injured party; but it being more in value than
the damages, the party receiving it pays the ex-
cess—was not that a case of indemnity? Was it
a case to produce dissatisfaction' Why apply a
different principle to the transactions of nations ?
That which was just and right between individuals
was so between nations. In taking territory there
was an obvious piopriety in observing political and
natural boundaries. If we take that which is ad-
jacent to us, he was unable to see why it was any
the less indemnity, because, in taking it by such
boundaries, we acquired a larger amount than was
sufficient to meet our demands, and paid over the
difference.
But it was said, it was compelling Mexico to
sell us her territory—that it was enforcing'a pur-
chase at the point of the bayonet. He denied that
it was any such thing, although it was so declared
in the language of the Mexican commissioners.
Was it aoy more unjust to compel her to pay in
territory (she having nothing else to pay) than it
would be out of her national treasury, in case she
had the means.
He would now briefly turn to another consid-
eration which had been pressed upon us. The
impression had been made within this Hall, by
speeches delivered here, and existed to a consider-
able extent, that peace is immediately within oflr
power, and has been all along. Numerous memo-
rials, respectably signed, had been presented to this
House, asking us to take measures for peace.
What measures they did not say. They only ask
what ail desire—for he thought there was no divi-
sion of opinion on this subject. AH wished for
peace. The question was, what measure could be
taken to bring about a just and honorable peace?
It was an achievement of no little difficulty. War
was easily commenced; it needed the act of only
one party. Peace was a matter of much more dif-
ficult attainment. It needed the assent of both
parties, and that, too, while both parties were ex-
cited by the sense of past and present injuries, or
supposed injuries.
But it was said peace was within our power, as
was proved by the counter projel submitted to Mr.
Tnst by the Mexican commissioners. He admit-
ted such a peace might easily be procured. But
was it a peace which would be satisfactory to hon-
orable gentlemen who are so forward to accuse the
Administration of a reluctance to make peace? Let
them refer for a moment to the terms of that projet.
The Mexican commissioners did indeed offer to
relinquish all east of the Nueces; but that was ours
already. They did offer to cede a part of Mexico
at a stipulated price, but they made no abatement
for the Mexican debts and injuries, and for the
expenses of the war. We, on our side, were to
relinquish Jill our claims to that part of Texas
which lies between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
He further proceeded toshow, that if we had yield-
ed to the extraordinary propositions submitted, to
pay for the territory east of the Nueces, and for
uiuemnities to Mexican citizens for injuries which
they had sustained from our troops, and for duties
on goods introduced into Mexican ports, we should
have been acknowledging that we had prosecuted
an unjust war, and bringing disgrace on onr own
heads. These very propositions, he thought, sat-
isfactorily showed that peace with Mexico was
not within our own power, and that something
remained to be done before peace could be secured.
On these points, however, he should be compelled
to delei Ins remaiks. He thought he had showed
that our cause and our quarrel was just, and con-
sequently we have certain rights which wc ought
to enforce. The means by which that should be
done he would leave with those with whom the Con-
stitution hud placed it. Whether the treaty which
was understood to be under consideration at the
other end of the Capitol secured all our rights, he
would not undertake to say. He was willing to
leave the settlement of its details to the treaty-
making power.
Mr. S. was continuing his remarks on this
branch of the subject when his hour expired.
Mr. CABELL nextobtained the floor, and com-
menced by saying, that during the short period he
had had the honor of a seat upon this floor, from
which he was excluded by the ruthless spirit of
party, the Congress of the United States was en-
gaged m a discussion of the questions involved in
the " Oregon controversy." The universal topic
of conversation here and throughout the country—
the subject of absorbing interest to every class of
our community—was the probability of a war with
England, Well did he recollect the agitating and
painful suspense in which the public mind was held
during the first two months of the first session of
the last Congress. The danger of a conflict with
England seemed imminent. In the language of a
distinguished Senator, it appeared that u war was
inevitable.'' And if the opinions expressed by the
President of the United States, and the measures
recommended by him, had been approved by Con-
gress, war would have been the n6ces$ai*y consequeiic6.
He declared the title of the United States to the
wjiole country to 54° 40' " clear and unquestion-
able;" that the time for negotiation had passed;
