1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
mocracy" could not be successfully resisted. Ex-
pansion, acquisition, love of territory, are charac-
teristic of the spirit of the age : right, justice,
morality, are obsolete terms; words familiar to our
ancestors, but the meaning of which Locofocoism
cannot comprehend. If you ask by what right it is
proposed to seize the territory of Mexico, you are
laughed at as being " behind the age." The only
question is, how much do our people want? and
Mexico must give it up. If they want the whole,
we must take the whole. The Whig party arrays
itself in opposition to this nefarious doctrine. It is
the doctrine of the freebooter, not of a civilized
republic.
We wish to preserve untarnished the honor of
our country, and we desire peace with Mexico—
peace to be predicated on "h'onorable terms." We
repudiate the idea of our right to lake her territory
by conquest, or to force her to sell us her lands. For
myself, (said Mr. C.,) I am utterly opposed to the
acquisition of the territory of Mexico, and would
not accept the peaceable cession of the whole
country to the Isthmus of Darien. I would regard
its acquisition as the greatest curse which could
befall my country. Would to God the waters of
the Pacific could roll back to the Rocky Mountains,
and a gulf of fire could flow between the United
States and Mexico!
Mr. C. then spoke of the evil consequences
likely to result from the acquisition of Mexican
territory. He said the proposed experiment of
the acquisition of territory by conquest is new and !
fearful, and fraught with peculiar interest, partieu- 1
larly to us of the South. Setting aside the ques-
tion of the constitutional power of Congress or of
this Government thus to add to the limits of the
United States,at*d leaving out of view all questions
of right, justice, and morality, nothing to his mind
seemed more unwise and impolitic. If we annex
the land, we must take the population along with j
it. And shall we, (he said,) by an act of Con- jj
gress, convert the black, white, red, mongrel,
miserable population of Mexico—the Mexicans, .
Indians, Mulattoes, Mestizas, Chinos, Zambos j
duinteros—mtofreeand enlightened American citi- j
zens, entitled to all the privileges which we enjoy? ;
These people would claim the right of representa-
tion on this floor, unless we made slaves of them.
According to the present ratio, the seven million
Dopukxtton of Mexico would be entitled to one
inndred and twelve representatives—nearly one-
half our present number. Are the people of this
country prepared to have one-halt or one-third
of the Congress of the United States composed of
these miserable, bigoted creatures?
The peculiar interest which this question pos- !
scsses to (he southern Statea arises from itw inti-
mate connection with the subject of slavery. The
radical difference of opinion between the people of
the North and South as to the power of (longrcsj*
over this subject, and as to the rights of the south-
ern States, must lead to the most violent dissen-
sions and angry discussions on a proposition to
annex the territory of Mexico to the United States.
Wc of the South cannot and will.not consent to
the annexation of temtory on our southern and
southwestern frontier, from which slavery is to be
excluded by law. The people of the North seem
almost as much resolved that the territory to be
acquired shall not he .slave territory.
Mr. C. then remarked that this was a matter of
the deepest interest to him and his constituents,
and that he would avail himselfof another occasion
to express his views on it fully. Time would not
allow him now.
At present he would content himself with re-
marking that he was not disposed to jeopaid tlie
integrity of the American Union by gratifying-thc
ambition of the President and by pandering to this
unholy lust after the territory of a weak sister
republic. The first object of his heart was the
perpetuity of our glorious Confederacy, and the
preservation of the Constitution which our fathers
handed down to us, and under whose benign influ-
ences the United Slates of America have so rapidly
advanced in population, power, and prosperity, till
they had become tlie wonder and admiration of the
world.
But, sir, my country is at war. I condemn the
President for having, as I believe, '* unnecessarily
and unconstitutionally commenced the war.5' But
we are in it, and must make the most of it. We
had cause of complaint against Mexico. We have
questions of difference between us. These must
h
be settled. He would not forget, in his condemna-
tion of the acts-of the President, what was due to
his country.
The President had involved the country in war,
and, so lortg as the war continued, he would vote
all necessary supplies of men and money. He
would do all in his power to preserve the honor of
his country, and to secure the comfort and safety
of our troops in Mexico. He did not believe that
" permanent peace" could be hoped for under this
Administration. The only remedy for the evils
under which we are now suffering was in the
" ballot-box." He would appeal to the people to
place at the head of the Government men who
would regard the true interest of the country, and
who would restore to us the blessings of peace.
He then spoke of the loan bill which recently
passed the House, and remarked that he had voted
for that bill, and would give the President authoi-
ity to borrow all the money he required, but that
he was opposed to the issue of treasury- notes.
He said he would not vote for the ten-regiment
bill, but would authorize the President to call out
as many volunteers as he thought necessary. Vol-
unteers are more easily raised than regulars, and
the battle of Buena Vista proved their efficiency.
Mr. C. then remarked that he believed that peace,
" honorable peace," c.oul& be secured by the Presi-
dent forthwith, and he held him responsible for the
continuance of the war.
Do we, he said, want " indemnity for the past?"
And if land is indemnity, let ut  take it. We have
it already. Is it " sccuuly for the future?" This;
proposition must excite a smile with all who hear '
it. Security against Mexico ! What better secu- !
rity can we ask than we now have ? Is it not no- ,
torious that some one hundred Texans defended |
the fiontier of their country from Mexican inva-
sion for about ten yeais; and shall it be said that;
the great power of the Government of the United [
must demand security against aggression from that
poor, miserable, prostrate Republic? What secu- j
i ity ? Shall we call on England or other European j
Powers to guaranty our safety? Sir, this idea is !
not only humiliating, but, with deference to the j
friends of the President, he must say it is supremely j
ridiculous* !
Is it national honor for which wc are fighting? Is j
it not enough that our soldiers, officers and men, ]
have covered themselves with imperishable honors?
—that they have exhibited to the world brilliant
examples of their prowess in arms, and given proof
in every engagement of their vast superiority over
the Mexicans? Why seek for them new fields of
glory?
He had said that we could have peace to-morrow
if wc will. Mr. Polk has only to say, let there be
! peace, and theic will he peace. Let lum withdraw
j our troops from the interior of jMoxro, and take a
! Jme, not of " defence"—for the idea of the neces-
! sity of defence against Mexico was absurd—it should
rather be called a line of peace. Let us deal liber-
ally with Mexico; let us chum only so much of
her territory as will indemnify our Government
for the assumption of the claims of our citizens
upon the Government of Mexico. Let her keep her
land, and let us keep our money. By pursuing
this course we shall have no further trouble. There
is no danger that Mexico, in her feeble, cuppled,
prostrate condition, will recommence hostilities.
There will be peace, practical peace, though a
formal treaty may be deferred, Mexico will never
disturb this peaceful relation.
Mr. C. then spoke of the late Seminole war,
which, he said, afforded a precedent for the plan he
proposed, and which was the only way in which
that war could have been brought to a close.
He said he would not have this line be the Nue-
ces or any point within the acknowledged limits of
Texas. The questions of boundary and indemnity
for the claims of our citizens existing before the war
would be left open, and some other ambitious or
mischievous President may again involve us in war.
These questions must be settled now.
Let the line be far enough to embrace the legiti-
mate boundary of Texas, and territory enough to
pay the indemnity we may justly claim, should
Mexico be unable to pay these claims in money.
Then say to Mexico, we desire .peace with you:
we have taken possession of so much of your ter-
ritory as we deem an equivalent for the claims of
our citizens, which you have acknowledged and
promised to pay: we shall not invade your country
further, but we shall hold possession of the coun-
try we have occupied till you are willing to treat
with us, and settle all questions of difference be-
tween us.
What do we gain by this policy? We gain
every avowed object of the war. We have already
" repelled the invaders." Our national honor will
be in no way compromised. We have already
acquired enough of " military glory." We gain
undisputed possession of Texas, the title to which
Mexico has claimed even to the Sabine; we settle
the question of boundary; we secure indemnity,to
our citizens; we stop the drain upon our Treasury,
which the war has caused; we prevent an accu-
mulation of national debt which the resources of
this country for one hundred years cannot pay;
we prevent the violent agitations, distractions, and
dissensions—the bitter heartburnings and sectional
feuds, consequent upon a prosecution of the war
for conquest, and which threaten the dissolution
of our Union; we stop the devastations of death
and disease which are making sad havoc in our
army; we securc peace—peace with all its genial
blessings; we restore our volunteer soldiers to the
bosoms of their families; we bring Joy and gladness
to ten thousand hearth-stones; we rejoice the hearts
of anxious mothers, whose patriotism, stronger
than a mother's love, has been willing to sacrifiee
their offspring at the shrine of their country's hon-
or. And if we gain not all which mad ambition
covets, we exhibit to the world si noble example
of magnanimity to a fallen foe.
Here the time allowed for debate expired, and
the committee proceeded to vote on amendments
as follows:
Mr. MULLIN moved to strike out the item for
superintendent's commission on twenty-eight thou-
sand two bundled and forty-six dollars at two and
a half per cent., seven hundred and six dollars and
fifteen cents. Disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to strike out the item
for contingent expenses under the act for the col-
lection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, five thousand dollars. Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the item for
expenses of loans arid treasury notes, five thousand
dollars. Agreed to.
Mr. V. moved to add the following: c< For per
diem compensation of clerks in the office in the
Ordnance Bureau, one thousand and ninety-eight
dollars." Agreed to.
Mr. COCKE moved to strike out the item for
per diem compensation for eight clerks employed
on bounty land business in the Pension Office, six
thousand nine hundred and twenty-six dollars and
forty cents, and insert an amendment providing
for the payment of extra clerks to be employed in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, fifteen
thousand two hundred and ninety-six dollars and
ninety-six cents, and that the compensation of no
clerk shall exceed three dollars and thirty-three
cents per diem.
Mr. C. explained that his object in offering this
amendment was, that he might have an opportu-
nity to advocate a speedy increase in the clerical
force to be employed in the Pension Office; and he
availed himselfof the five minutes allowed by the
rules of the House to urge an extension of the ap-
propriation; for an extension of time would be
absolutely necessary to enable the clerks to be em-
ployed to complete the work for which they were
required.
Mr. GREEN took similar views, having sub-
mitted a slight amendment, in order to have the
privilege of expressing them; after which he with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. TOMPKINS next rose, and offered an
amendment, being desirous, in behalf of citizens
of the Suite of Mississippi, to appeal to this House
to take some steps to do justice to those who were
among the best citizens of the land. He had re-
cently visited the Pension Office, and he had seen
that, at this time, there were from ten thousand to
twelve thousand claims to bounty lands lying un-
acted upon for want of clerical capacity to do the
necessary duty. Among those whose claims were
thus neglected there were some who had periled
their lives in the service of the country, and their
claims were likely to lie for three, six, and proba-
bly eight months, unless some addition were made
to the force of the office, that the Government
might keep its faith with them. They had periled
all that was precious to men to carry their coun-
