480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
try's flag in honor and to victory, and the least
that Congress could do was to dispose of their
claims in something like a reasonable time. He
simply rose to make these remarks, having con-
stituents of his own numbered among these merit-
oriousapplicants who had stood so long knocking
at the door of the Pension Office ineffectually for
iustice. The national faith was pledged to them;
and for the country's interest and the country's
honor they had sacrificed their all, and mingled
their blood together. The national honor, then,
required that its faith should be preserved. Having
made these remarks, he withdrew the amendment
which he had offered.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to amend by adding
after the woid " pensions'' the words " with the
approval of the Secretary of "War," and on this he
desired that a vote should be taken. He thought
it was important that this amendment should be
adopted. Mr. J. then proceeded to argue its ne-
cessity, in reply to some remarks which had fallen
from the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Gree>j.]
This amendment was agieed to.
Mr. Cocke's amendment as amended was then
agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved -to add an item for extra
clerks in the office of the Secretary of War, to be
paid out of an unexpended balance in said office,
two hundred and ninety-one dollars. Agreed to.
Mr. THIBOD&AUX moved to amend the item
for outfits of charges des affaires to Naples, the
Papal States, and the Republics of Bolivia, Gua-
temala, and the Ecuador, twenty-two thousand
five hundred dollars, by striking out the words
"the Papal States," and reduce the amount of
twenty-two thousand £vc hundred dollars to eigh-
teen thousand five hundred dollars.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he intended
to vote against the proposed mission to Rome, but
before doing so he desired to set himself right be-
fore the country. If we had commercial or politi-
cal relations with the Papal States which demand-
ed the protection of an ambassador, he would vote
for it. But he understood that we had little or
no commerce there, and that during our separate
national existence we had established no political
relations with the Pope; there seemed, then, to be
110 necessity for our doing so now. In giving the
vote which lie had intimated his purpose to give,
he desired not to be misunderstood by his Catholic
constituents. He was actuated by no feeling of
prejudice against Catholicism; but it was 1ns deep
conviction that we had no right to interfere m mat-
ters of religion. That subject should be left by the
House where it had been ieft by the Constitution—
to the hearts of the people; and he would say to
every man throughout this broad Confederacy,
"Go and serve God after the dictates of your
own conscience." It was necessary at this tune
that the country should husband its resources, and
he could notconsent,therefore, to incurthe expense
of a new mission which seemed not to be demand-
ed by the political or commercial condition of the
country. He then withdrew the amendment which
he had offered, for the purpose of obtaining an
opportunity to make these observations.
Mr. HILLIARD moved an amendment so as to
provide for the appointment of a full minister to
Rome. He moved to strike out " charge d'affaires"
to the Papal States, and insert" resident minister,"
and increase the sum to $30,000.
Mr. H. said: I regret that the opportunity has
not been afforded me of replying to the speech of
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Le\i_\t] before the committee proceeded to vote on
the appropriation which provides the means of
opening diplomatic intercourse with the Papal
Stales. The spcech was iemarkable for the beau-
ty of its language and the elevated tone of many
of its sentiments; but it lacked one great quality 
liberality. There was about it nothing of tolera-
tion; it disclosed none ofthe spirit of the beautiful
sentiment of St. Augustine, " Let there be charity
in alJ things." I cannot, of course within the few
minutes allowed me, attempt to reply to the speech
of the honorable gentleman; but I shall seek an
early occasion to do so, when I hope to be able to
show that there is much in the present condition
of Italy to awaken the hopes of all men who watch
with interest the progress of reform throughout
the woWd. In the mean while, let us not, in our
impatience, forget that there is a mighty difference
betu een reform and revolution. A reformation is
brought about by the steady but gradual inarch of
truth; white a revolution, like the earthquake, too
often upheaves to overthrow and crush. That
a reform is begun in Italy, no man can doubt
who wiil take the trouble to compare the present
political state of that country with that which it
exhibited previous to the accession of the present
Pontiff. The spirit of reform is waked up in that
beautiful and classic land. It can never be put
down. While a representative of the freest gov-
ernment on earth may be employed in observing
the progress of liberal principles m that interesting
and important part of Europe, and may serve to
diffuse a better knowledge of our political system,
I cannot discover that we can suffer any injury
from such intercourse.
In my judgment, neither Christianity nor free
principles have anything to fear from a conflict with
opposing powers. I would send a minister to the
Papal States as I would to any other Power; I
would encourage every reform in the Government;
I would cheer the friends of freedom in all Europe,
by sending a minister from the United States of
America, where the noblest toleration is granted to
all opinions, to reside at a court where hitherto the
policy has been to crush all fieedom of thought
and action. It would be a spectacle of high moral
interest to see such a representative from republi-
can America, taking his postamidst the ruined tem-
ples and arches of a country where, in other days,
republican Rome exhibited to the world its col-
lossal proportions.
Sir, I do not mistake the Pope for a republican;
far from it: but I recognize him as a reformer. 1
desire to send to all the States named in this bill
ministers resident, in the place of charges des af-
faires. They would be accredited to the Sove-
reign, while charges des affaires would be accred-
ited to the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The question being taken on Mr. Hilijard's
amendment to the amendment, it was rejected.
Mr. LEVIN then moved an amendment to the
amendment, to reduce the sum of ^18,500 to
$18,000.
Mr. L. then said that the honorable gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hjlliard] had taken occasion
to allude to the want of liberality on his (Mr. L.'s)
part, in resisting the riveting of this religious link
between Papal Rome and free America. Sir, (said
he,) the present Pope is guided and directed and
controlled by Louis Philippe. The old Pope was
under the direction of Prince Metternich, of Aus-
tria. We all know the settled hostility which has
existed for centuries between France and England.
Louis Philippe sees, or thinks he sees, that Eng-
land, through Puseyism,is relapsing into Roman-
ism. He has said to the_ Pope, popularize your
system. It is a perfect system, addressed to every
passion or prejudice, hope or fear, which work
within the human breast. And yet, amid the
spreading lights of the nineteenth century, the
representatives of the American people are called
upon to recognize Papal Rome on the ground that
the present Pope is a reformer. You cannot con-
gratulate Pius IX. without congratulating him
upon his Papal system. Send your embassy to
Pius IX. Embassies once opened, as 1 before
said, are never closed. The Pope is not living for
himself, but for the Pope who is to succeed him,
and has pledged himself to hand down that sacred
deposit of slavery as he received it from his pre-
decessors; that he will leave untouched. And
when the American people, judging from the para-
graphs put into the papeis by bishops and Jesuits,
are led to think the present Pope a reformer, he
plants himself upon his true ground and says, I
am a despot. It was in no sectarian——
Here the hammer fell; but—
Mr. LEVIN finished his sentence: " spirit that
the Native Americans resist this union of our free
Republic with Papal Rome." Mr. L. withdrew
his amendment to the amendment'.
Mr. HILLIARD here moved an amendment
with a view to reply. Mr. H. said: My honor-
able friend and myself do not differ in our horror
of an intolerant and dangerous religious system;
but we do differ in our views of the true policy to
be pursued towards the Papal power. We both
desire to sustain the Bible, and to vindicate Pro-
testant Christianity. I need not say that I am no
partisan of the Pope; on the contrary, there breathes
not a man whose sympathy with the Protestant
cause beats stronger or quicker than my own. I
can never forget its battles nor Us victories, its per-
secutions nor its triumphs. But, sir, I solemnly
believe that toleration is the wisest as well as noblest
policy.
The gentleman has been so indiscreet as to men-
tion the nineteenth century. Sir, there has been
a time when such an argument as we have heard
to-day would have been appropriate. It was that
dark period when the dungeon, the inquisition,
and the stake claimed as victims all who were con-
victed of heresy by a tribunal usurping the author-
ity of God. But in this nineteenth century I am
surprised to hear such views in an American Con-
gress, from a gentleman so enlightened as my
friend from Pennsylvania.
He asks what reforms has the Pope granted ? I
answer that he has expelled fiom power a Secre-
tary of State distinguished for his despotic and
harsh opinions, and put in his place a man of lib-
eral views; he has thrown wide a door for the ad-
mission of his people without respect to rank who
may come with petitions to him; he has caused a
box to be placed in the Vatican, where all who
desire to submit their complaints to his own eye
may deposit a statement of their wrongs; he-has
assembled a council to advise him as to the wants
of his people; and, if he had done nothing more
than transfer his alliance from Metternich to Louis
Philippe, I should hail that as a great step in the
progress of reform.
Rely upon it, sir, the spirit of reform is waked
up in Italy. It will "not down at the bidding"
of armed and imperious Austria or any other hu-
man power. I would send a minister from this
Republic to cheer it, to observe it, to report its pro-
gress. That spirit will, I trust yet rekindle the
fires upon the ruined altars of freedom throughout
Italy.
Our true policy is to extend our peaceful rela-
tions with the world. We have nothing to fear
from an intercourse of that kind with other Pow-
ers. Truth is clad in more than triple steel; and I
would bid her spread her standard in the very
midst of the world, and take her station in front of
the Vatican. By keeping the Papal See isolated,
you strengthen it. It carries on its agencies in
secret. Bring it upon the open field; do not shun
it; bring it into open intercourse with a free Pro-
testant nation, and civil and religious liberty will
achieve new triumphs.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN,of Pennsyvania, moved an amend-
ment to the amendment, to increase the sum from
$18,500 to $20,000.
Mr. B. said he was not in the House on Thurs-
day, when his colleague [Mr. Le\in] read his
speech against the appropriation for a charge d'af-
faires to the Papal States, nor had he read it in
the papers; but he had heard enough in the re-
marks of that gentleman just made, to know that
their whole character had been the introduction of
religious discussion and legislation in that Hall.
The Constitution of the United States, (said Mr.
B.,) as well as the constitutions of all the States,
prohibit all legislation on this subject—require
no such test for any station under them; and, in
fact, both by their spirit and letter, prohibit its
introduction either into our domestic or foieign re-
lations in any way whatever. It never has entered
into the consideration of our Government before,
what was the religious character of any people
with whom we had, or proposed to establish, ami-
cable relations; and he regretted very much that
his colleague had introduced it now. In the legis-
lation of Congress, this incendiary subject had
never found fa\or; and with the people every-
where, except in the district represented by the
gentleman himself, it had been quickly and sternly
rebuked.
Mr. LEVIN (standing before the Speaker's
desk, and in front of Mr. Brown-) called out, "In
the tinder-box,"
Mr. BROWN. Yes ' he—(pointing to Mr. Le-
vi.v)—the gentleman from Pennsylvania—was the
first to introduce the incendiary subject of religion
into the politics of Philadelphia, and by his inflam-
matory harangues, produced aU the incendiarism
and bloodshed that for a while covered it with
gloom and disgrace. Yes, sir, he was the author
of all the incendiary measures 
The CHAIRMAN here interposed, and called
the gentleman to order.
[Cries of oider.]
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I would like to know
: why my colleague is out of order?
! The CHAIR replied that it was i
not in order for
