1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
431
a gentlemao in debate to reflect upon the character
of another member of this House.
Mr. BROWN still retaining the floor—
Mr. LEVIN repeated the question. Did the
incendiary spirit to which the gentleman alluded
originate from a tinder-box?
Mr. BROWN. The incendiary spirit origina-
ted from the gentleman himself, introducing reli-
gion into the political contests of Philadelphia.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL again rose to order.
He desired to have the sense of the House upon
the .question whether it was competent for one
member to say of another member here, by a fig-
urative expression, (for such he supposed it was,)
that he was the author of an incendiary movement?
It appeared to him, that such words had been used
from time immemorial in Parliament, and in every
legislative assembly.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, interposing, inquired of
the Chair if this debate w a£ not out of order?
Mr. 1NG-ERSOLL, before he took his seat, ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair that his col-
league was out of order in "his lemarks.
The CHAIR called the committee to order, and
stated the decision. He considered it out of order
for any gentleman upon this floor to impute to any
other gentleman that he hud been actuated by an
incendiary motive and purpose; and upon that
ground had decided the gentleman from Pennsyl-
ania [Mr. Brown] to be out of order. From this
decision the gentleman [Mr. Ingersoll] appeal-
ed; and the question was, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee ?"
The question, being taken on the appeal by tel-
lers, was decided in the ailirmative—ayes 96, noes
81.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the remarks of Mr. Biiown were decided out of
order.
Mr. LEVIN rose and moved an amendment to
the amendment to reduce the sum to $10,000, and
was about to speak, when he was interrupted by
inquiries from several- gentlemen if Mr. Brown
was not entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN replied that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mi. Brown] had two minutes
of his time remaining, but, having been decided
out of order, ho could not proceed under the rule
without leave of the House.
Mr. POLLOCK, moved that he be allowed to
proceed in order.
Mr. 15HOWN said he did not want any favors.
If he could not go on under the rule as iv mutter of
light ho would not at all.
Mr. POLLOCK accordingly waived his mo-
tion. t
Mr. BROWN said he would withdraw his ,
amendment and move another, and on this he
claimed the rijiht lo be heard. ;
Mr. COLLAMKR rose to a point of order. j
There was great confusion and excitement in the -
Hall. |
The Cl-IAIRMAN called to order, and said no ;
proposition would be entertained until the commit- !
lee came to order. j
Mr. COLLAMER stated his point of order. He
understood the gentleman fr.mi Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brown'] to have been ruled out of order in his re-
marks, and made to take his seat, lie therefore
could not iit>e up without leave of the House. But
he assumed to take the floor, to make another mo-
tion, and to £0 on with his speech, lie took ob-
jection to it, and contended that the gentleman" had
no right to the floor. His colleague, [Mr. Lm ix,j
moreover, had obtained the flour alter he [Mr.
Brown] was called to order, and had oftencd an
amendment, on which he was now entitled to the
floor.
Considerable conversation ensued.
The CHAIRMAN overruled Mr. Collamer's
pomtof order, and decided that Mr. 15hown, al-
though he had been decided out of order in ins re-
marks; having withdrawn his amendment, had the
his seat; that he then withdrew that amendment,
and, claiming not to have yielded the floor, (al-
though, when he had been required to take his
seat, by the rule, his colleague [Mr. Levin] was
recognized by the Chair, and offered an amend-
ment,) offered asecond amendment, and proposed to
debate that five minutes. If that was the decision
of the Chair, he appealed.
Mr. RICHARDSON raised the point of order
that the gentleman from Mississippi could not make
a point of order, there being already one pend-
ing.
The CHAIRMAN called to order, and said the
point of Mr. Tompkins was in order, there being no
other pending previously.
In reply to the inquiry of Mr. Tompkins—
The CHAIRMAN said that, in his opinion, un-
der the broad language of the rule, it was com-
petent for a gentleman to withdraw his amend-
ment, and offer another one and go on with his
remarks.
Mr. TOMPKINS appealed from the decision,
and wished to state the grounds on which he rest-
ed his appeal; but was greeted by vehement and
continued cries to order from the opposite side of
the Hall.
The CHAIR called to order, but in vain, as his
voice was drowned in the confusion that prevailed
on the floor.
Mr. TOMPKINS, in the mean time, retained
his position on the floor.
In the midst of ihis scene of uproar and excite-
ment—
Mr. BOTTS rose and moved that the commiitce
rise.
The question being taken by tellers, it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the committee rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, Ac.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and referred:
lly Mr. EVANS, of Maryland: The petition of Sarah A.
Wirt, piuying compensation foi two hoises takendunngthe
lato war with Great Britain fiom hor late husband lot the
use oftho United Status
I By Mr. VIIISLPS: The petition of John Youngand others,
citissciw ot Ocmge county, Mu-s-ouu, praying that a tiact ol
land be donated to said county lor a eountj scut.
By Mr. ItOi/KlliLL: t he petition oi George VV. Balding
and sundry othvrn, citixms ot Stcuhen county, Indiana,
praying thtM>stabli*>himmr of a mail route from West Unity,
William* county, Ohio, to Angola, Steuhon eount>, Indiana,
j ihcneo to La (Jrmigo CYnlu*. AJp<o, the pHitiou ot M<ws
| tUiephcid and W oihrm, pun nig iht oUbJHimi-nt of a poM,
; routu from Muncic, Delaware count), Indiana, hy wa;. ol
; Ah'v.unh'r, i\iadiM a count), to the count.) mmI ol' Tipton
i county, in the .Hon*.-aid.
By Mr it P NT Tin* pennon of' Jaineis Alui-I, asking Con-
' gie-s to nicica<e the pay of nnlitai v ->toh'k< epeis.
B> Mr. k.\ l' I'WIAW . The petition ol eiti/.« ie  ol Texm
j lot a mad ioiUrli«ni Fnltini lo JrJ)e >on, in that State.
| I!\ Mi. KOBtiNJMliV: The ronioiiMiauee o( G. <i. ^houp
i and SO olheii'j citizen-* ol Laurel, Indiana, ami it*- vicuut;.,
aiiain.-t the icnew.d to the hen- ot Jeiino V\ ood ot a plough
1 patent.
i Bj Mr. SLINGKRLAND : A semoiHirauee ot of the
! ciii/.en.- and fanner^ of the county ot Ailian),in the State of
1 Ntw York, against the renewal ol the patunt of Jethro
j Wood, now dcccased.
j By Mr. WlH'l'E: The petition of John J. Young, a com-
| muudei in the navy ot the. United States, prajmg tor a pen-
] aioii.
i Mr. POLLOCK withdrew Horn the files of tho IIoiisp the
j petition and papei* ol Joseph Blown, of Pi nn-j Ivama, a
j1 ,«oldier ot the lievoluuoiuuy war, a>king uucui* oi pen-
II siuii, &e.
B> Mr. GOT T: The memorial of George 13. Dclavan and
■, oiiiei-, ciiiz.itis of Onondaga county. New Voile, pra.wng
l' !«i| a rtduoiion ol postage upon periodical:-and pamphlet-.
1 Aho, the tin mortal ot H VV. Allen and others, eui/en> of
i: Onondaga, pricing tot a rqieul ot tin; Jaw iiupo. tug post i e
upon new.sp.ipi la within tlinty iiidci ol the oifice oi puhii-
' cation. Aho, the reirioii>tiance of Wm. J. Cuitip and
;i oihci!>, eiti/.ons ot Onondaga eonntv, against the pass.tgc ot
I! any law renewing or continuing the* patent ot Jethro YVood
;i foi a eavt-non plough.
j By Mr. NEYVKbL: A memorial fiom William lit ley, Jo-
sepn Goodcnonidi, and others, prating the e.->tahh-lung a
l po^t routo fiom Key 1'oit to tSquancum, Alunniuuth county,
: New Jcr.-ey.
By Mr. HOLMES, of New Yoik: The lemon-tranee of
to Beloit, Wisconsin, via Troy, Elkhom, Delavan, Darien,
Allen's Grove, and Clinton. Also, the petition of Seymour
Wilcox and 83 others, of Wanpun, Fondulae county, Wis-
consin, praying for the establishment of a mail route from
that place to Dartford, Mosquito county, via Ceuseo. Al&o,
the petition ofLem. Holti^ter, and 45 others, of Wisconsin,
praying for the establishment a mail route from Danen to
Whitewater, in Walworth county, Wisconsin, through
Reed's comer, Richmond, and Keeehe's Corner. Also, the
petition of William James and 99 others, of Wisconsin for
the some object. Also, the petition of the supervisors of the
county of Wahvoith for a mail route from I)arien, through
Reed's Corner, Richmond, and Utter's Coiner to White-
water. Also, the petition of Bernard Burke and 116 others,
settlers ot the even numbered sections ot the canal lands in,
Wi.-seonsin, praying that the same may be sold at the same
minimum price and subject to the same lights of preemp-
tion as other public lands. Abo, the petition of John Thomp-
son and 47 othets, residents on the Lake Michigan and Rock
river carial reserve in Wisconsin, piaying fot the same
object, and also for the return of the excess of the purchase
money over $1 25 per acre of the tracts ol &aid landsaheady
sold to the purehaseis. Al«o, the petition of Myren E.
Morse and S2&> otheis, of WNeon^in, praying that the pre-
emption law of 1841 be so amended as to extend the time
of payment and proof to four year^, and so ns to extend
tho benefits ot the net to all per-ons who shall have filed a
declaration of intention to become citizens of the United
States, and so as to subject the occupants of public lands to
taxation on account of the lands oceupicd by them by the
State or territory m winch they may be situated.
right to oflcr another and to explain it under the '}• «J0 others, citizens of Monroe count), Nc\t
® 1 i \ork, against extending the patent heicteiore gianied to
rule. ' j' jethro \\ ood.
Air. TOAIPKIjNS inquired of the Chairman con- ny Mi. STiaWART, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
cennr)£ his decision, with u view to appeal if he !j T. F. (ioidon, piaungaa appiopuauon to enable the Treas-
understood H rorrectlv. He understood the gen- ;l
tleman Irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Brown] to have i By xMt. EVANc?, ot uhio. The petition oi Joseph J. Wat-
made a motion of amendment; to have debated h son for an increas,. of ppn^ion.
that motion for the space of five minutes, or nearly By Mr. TWJSEur: The petition of Pliny Allen, snper-
hflPfl nf nivW in hi a r  I v*">orot Walworth eonuiy,and of E. R. Utteraud llGother.s
so; to have been decided out ot order in his ie« of Wahvouh aud Ryck 5muUes Wisconsin, pravmy for
marks upon it, and required by the rule to take ii the establishment of a m-weekly mmi route from Mihvmtkie
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 4, J84S.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of State, en-
closing a return of the number and designation of
the passengers which have arrived at each collec-
tion district during the year ending the 30th Sep-
tember, 1847; which was laid on the table, and
ordcied to be printed.
Also, the annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, several joint resolutions from the Legisla-
ture of Floiida, on various subjects; which,
On motion of Mr. "WESTCOTT, who suggested
that these resolutions had been heretofore present-
ed by his colleague, were laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. RUSK, on leave, .introduced" a bill to pro-
vide for transcribing certain State papers of the
late Republic of Texas; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign KelaUons.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, on leave, intro-
duced a joint resolution appointing certain Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
too on the Library.
I\lr. PEAflOE, on leave, introduced a bill to
remit the duties on books, maps, and charts, im-
i ported for the use of the Library of Congress;
which was read a first and second time.
Air. P. moved that the bill be now considered,
explaining that it was merely a transcript of the
former law, which had just expired. He antici-
pated no objection to the bill, as it must be apparent
to every one that the payment of duties in this case
was merely taking money out of one pocket to put
it in the other.
The bill was then considered as in committee of
the whole, reported without amendment, and or-
dered to be read a third time. It was then read a
third time and passed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
Mary Ann Davis.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT suggested tliatabatch
of bills had just come in from the House of Rep-
resentatives, which were on the table to be disposed
of.
Mr. SEVIER said, it was of much more im-
portance to transact the Executive business than
to refer these bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Arkansas insist on his motion?
Mr. SEVIER replied in the affirmative.
The question was then put and carried.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, (twenty minutes past twelve,)
and remained with closed doors until a late hour;
when the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned,
