432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 6, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday having been read and
approved—
Mi*. BRODHEADintroduced to the House Mr.
Samuel A. Bridges, a member elect from the State
of Pennsylvania, (to supply the vacancy caused by
the death of Mr. Hornbeck,) who was qualified,
and took his seat.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial and res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Florida,
relative to a mail route from Chattahoochie to Pen-
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, rela-
tive to the widow s and orphans of those who have
died in the service of their country in Mexico.
Also, resolutions of the same Legislature, in
relation to preemption rights in said State,
The memorial and resolutions were appropriate-
ly referred.
Mr. HUNT moved to suspend the rules to enable
him to move a resolution makingcertain bills making
appi opriations for the improvement of certain rivers
and harbors the special order of the day for Tues-
day, the 21st day of March instant, and so to con-
tinue until finally disposed of by the House.
On the motion to suspend the rules, the yeas and
nays were taken, and resulted in favor of suspend-
ing 82, agamst it 64. Two-thirds not voting in
favor thereof, the motion was lost.
Mr. BOTTS said he had received a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, enclosing a
muster-roll of an Indian company received into the
United States service by Colonel Harney, which
he asked leave to present, and have referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. The communica-
tion was received and referred.
Mr. McCLELLAND stated that his colleague,
Mr. Stuart, was deterred by indisposition from
accompanying the remains of tiie Hon. John
Q.ui\tcy Adams to Massachusetts, as a member of
the committee appointed for that purpose. Under
these circumstances, the delegation from Michigan
had met and designated Mr. Bixgham of that State
to fill the vacancy. Mr. McC. moved that the sub-
stitution be sanctioned.
Ordered accordingly.
JUDICIARY.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the rules
be suspended for the purpose of taking up the bill
supplemental to the act entitled " An act concern- ;
ing the Supreme Court of the United States,"ap-
proved June 17, 1844, and the amendment moved I
by Mr. Bowlin to the same.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
talcen up.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL explained the neces-
sity and urged the passage of this bill; reiterating
the arguments used when it was last before the
House. He also replied to some objections made
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin.]
The bill proposed to relieve the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States from attend-
ance on circuit for the term of two years, for the
puiposc of enabling them to give their whole at-
tention to the appeal docket, on which cases had
greatly accumulated. He had been surprised to
find that doubts were entertained in some quarters
whether any business could be done by the district
judges on circuit if the Supreme Court judges of
the United States were discharged from that duty.
If there were any force in that objection, the
passage of this bill would have the effect of bring-
ing the business on the circuits to a stand; but, to
show that it was based on error, he referred to the
act of Congress of the 29th of April, 1802, which
would be found on page 158, vol. 2, of the statutes
at Huge, which gave to the district judge alone the
power to hold circuit courts at any and all times.
He read the fourth section of that act to show that
the power which he had specified was given to
the distiict judge.
He should be very reluctant to take away from
the circuits the learning and ability and industry
of the circuit judges, if he were not perfectly assur-
ed, from ample experience, of the learning and
ability and industry of the distiict judges them-
selves. in the Pennsylvania district, alter the
death of Judge Baldwin, and during his sickness—
a period of more than two years—all the business
of the circuit was done by the district judge, a man
of great reputation, and the business was never
better done than during that time. The- district |j
judges were men of ability, and they were per- |j
fleetly competent to discharge the duty that would ',\
devolve upon them during the two years that they ;
would be deprived of the assistance of the circuit jj
judges by this bill, while the Supreme Court would !j
thereby be enabled to dispose of the cases on its j<
calendar, which were accumulating, and the deci- ;j
sion of which was of pressing necessity. '
Mr. I. then gave a historical review of the Su- j,
preme Court, the enlargement from time to time of ij
its terms, fiom an early period down to the recent
change, by which the commencement of its session ;
I was altered from the first Monday in January to [
i the first Monday in December. He read tabular !'
! statements of the condition of its docket and the .
| number of cases disposed of during a succession of
i years, and went on to enumerate the States from :
j which the cases came that were now on the docket, !
i and thereby showed that in this bill suitors from i!
[ the distant States had the deepest interest. He
| then urged the passage of the bill with great ear- jj
; nestness, ,
i Mr. BOWLIN spoke at great length in oppo- ,
! sition, and in advocacy of an amendment which he ,
proposed to substitute for the bill of the gentleman
irom Pennsylvania. . !'
Mr. BOWLIN said that he regretted to see such
a manifest disposition to force this bill through, ■'
without investigation, without deliberation. By
the refusal of the House to commit this bill, and !;
suffer it to take the usual course of legislation, it
was too clearly manifested that it was to be passed
through, irrespective of its merits. That it was ,
at all times embarrassing to him to speak in that j.
Hall, and became doubly so when he felt it to be I
his duty to argue against a prejudged case. But j
he had a duty to perform, and if the bill must pass,
he intended to record his sentiments and his vote
against it. In view of the history of this measure, !
he could not look upon it in any other light than ;
as a permanent measure, however plausible a char-
acter it may assume as a temporary act. Those ,
who sought its passage did not want it as a tempo- 1
rary measure, if they were not satisfied that it was
to become permanent. Pass the bill for two years, ;
and, m his humble opinion, they might take their ■'
leave of the circuit judges upon their circuits fur- '
ever. This, he believed, would be the effect of the
bill; and, whether designed oi not by the commit-
tee, those who had the beneficiary inteiest in it so
considered it, in his solemn belief.
He then went into a history of the measure of
separating the Supreme Court from the States and
the people, from its origin with the odium of the
midnight judges in 1801, up to the present time. '
He detailed its progress, its final passage, public >;
indignation, and its speedy overthrow. He then h
recurred to the second attempt in 1824-J25, and |!
182o-526, to produce the like effect, and its failure !]
at that time. He commented tit length upon these j!
continued struggles to provide for the ease, com-
j| fort, and convenience of the Judges of the Supreme '
jj Court, at the expense and to the injury of the 1
[i people. 1
He said no man entertained a higher respect than :
'! he had for that coordinate branch of the Govern- .
II ment. He knew their character; he knew the
11 elevated position which they properly occupied in ;
;i public estimation, and he knew them still better
'j in the vast and mighty power which they exer- i
j1 cised; but with all his respect for the judges, in
;] the exercise of his functions as a repiesentative of
j; the people, he should speak of them with the
: utmost freedom of debate. He then reviewed their !
jl powers and duties, and the diversified systems of
Jj laws they were called upon to administer, and the ;
|j necessity of their becoming familiar with the prac- 1
j; tical operations of such systems, to enable them j
j; to adjudicate wisely upon them. And he reviewed !
\'< at length the circuit system, and eulogized its
! beauties under all circumstanccs, and particularly 1
! in a federative system of government.
j tie reminded the House that these judges had a
I common-law jurisdiction, to be administered for the
j several States, according to their systems, as opera-
i ted upon by their customs, usages, and statutory
! law. He commented at length upon the beauties
j| and origin of the common law, and demonstrated
j; that it never grew up to its present perfection by
" judges in secret chambers. It was the circuit sys- :
;■ tern under which the common law grew up—a
j: system still adhered to by our ancestois.
!l He alluded to our natural antipathy to the po~ ;
litical systems of England, but remarked that he
presumed no lawyer would fail to acknowledge the
beauty of her system of jurisprudence. He then
went "into a detail of the system by which the
highest judges of the empire attended the circuits,
and pursued nisi prius business; and alleged that
since the reform speech of Lord Brougham, it had
almost ripened into a proverb, that no judge was
qualified to decide in the last resort, who did not
perform nisi prius duties.
He alluded to the duties of the Lord Chief Jus-
tice of the King's Bench, who, he believed, tried
more cases m the lower courts than the whole of
our Supreme Judges, and yet set in the high court,
and adjudicated appeals. But, to accomplish this,
he had to avoid fancy speeches for the amusement
of the public. It was not in the King's Bench, as
here; a crowd, even ladies, collected from day to
day, to hear specimens of forensic eloquence;
when, if the bar were strictly confined to the prin-
ciples of law, and plain, unpoetic legal authorities,
it would fall dull upon their ears.
He also went into a lengthened argument to
prove that this system, if adopted, enhanced the
price of justice to the people of the distant States;
: that it would enhance the evil of a large docket,
i under which pretence they had been called upon
■ to pass this bill; and that it was solely for the ease
of the bench and benefit of leading attorneys who
centred around the metropolis. He could see no
■ other interest connected in the measure.
1 He was then proceeding to point out and de-
I nounce the evils of the new system, and eulogizing
the circuit system established in 1789 by our an-
. cestors, and demonstrating that if we were reck-
lessly to tear down that beautiful system, then his
amendment presented the next best system in his
substitute 
When the hammer fell, evidently before he was
through.
[The speeches of Mr. J. R. Ingersoll and Mr.
Bowlin, on the same subject, will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. STEPHENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved that the
bill be laid upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, stood, yeas 67, nays 88.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the demand for the previous question, but there
was no second.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the bill by striking out the words " two
years," and inserting " one year," so as to limit
the operation of the bill for one year.
'• Mr. T. said he was convinced that some reform
! should be made in the judiciary system of this
! country. It was required by the number of ap-
! peals from all sections of the country. He had
1 come to the House this morning determined not to
[ support this bill; but he was frank to confess that
; the remaiks of the chairman of the Committee on
; the Judiciary had induced him to change his mipd.
He understood the honorable gentleman to say he
would introduce a bill for the reform of the Judi-
i Wary. It was not possible for the House at this
time to go into a consideration of the revision of
- the whole system; but any one who was familiar
! with the number of cases and the progress of busi-
i ness before the Supreme Court must be convinced
■ that absolute injustice was perpetrated on the
clients before that court. Ho would mention one
case; and from this they might judge of others.
His attention had been called to H by one of his
constituents. It was a case involving £18,000, and
was brought up to the Supreme Court by appeal,
in 1844, and entered on the docket of 1844-'45. It
was continued on the docket of 1845-'46, 184G-,47,
and was now on the docket of 1847-'48, number
65, there being some twenty casts before it.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. The court has just
got beyond case number forty.
Mr. THOMPSON (continuing) said it would he
impossible to reach it during this session of the
court, unless some bill of this character passed
Congress. Now, as the necessary result of this
delay on the parties—$18,000 were involved m the
contro\ersy—the defeated party brought itupwith
no expectation of success in the appeal, but for the
benefit of the delay. They refused to submit it to
, the court on printed arguments, but insisted that
counsel should appear. The consequence was
