434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from Moses
D. Hyams and others, asking to be allowed to
change the name of a vessel from " Roger Bon-
temps"to Palmetto; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from James
F. Hahday and other printers of the District of
' Columbia, asking the establishment of a national
printing office at the seat of Government.
Mr. BENTON described this petition as ema-
nating from persons who were practical printers;
and they also set forth in the petition the reasons
on which their application was grounded. Their
opinions were of great value in a practical point of
view. He was not well informed as to the man-
ner in which the printing for the British Parlia-
ment was given out, but he would say, that in its
type and paper, in its general execution, and the
form in which it appeared, it was superior to any
other punting in the world. It was presented in
a handsome form, very unlike to our thick, un-
wieldly octavo volumes. He had taken a volume
out of the Library, for the purpose of exhibiting
it to the Senate. Senators would see at once the
diiference between that and the mode in which the
printing of Congress is executed. Let Senators
feel the weight of the volume—it is like lead in its
compactness and solidity. Here the mechanic arts
had reached as high a state of perfection as in any
country. We have as good pointers and binders
as can be found on the face of the earth; and he ,
thought the subject of the petition in his hands i
was one well worthy the serious consideration of I
the Seriate.
He would ask that the volume he held in his
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to remit the duties upon certain
goods destroyed by fire in the city of New York.
Read and committed.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Harding, and
a bill for the relief of Emanuel Berri and John M.
Keese. Read and committed.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Frederick Hall. Laid on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, from the same committee, to
which was referred the House bill granting to the
! Alabama, Florida, and Georgia Railroad Company
! the alternate sections of the public lands along the
route of the contemplated roads on certain condi-
tions, reported it back to the House with amend-
ments. Read and committed.
! soldiers' bounty land.
| Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force, and for other purposes," approved
February 11, 1847. Read a first and second time.
Mr. EYANS desired the bill to be put upon its
passage, and was proceeding to speak of its merits,
when a question arose whether debate was now in
order, and whether it ought not to be sent to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
In the conversation on these points, Messrs.
BOYD, G. S. HOUSTON, McCLERNAND,
and others, took part.
Mr. EYANS proceeded, the Speaker having
decided that he was in order. He would only re-
mark, for the information of the House, that some
of the most meritorious men, non-commissioned
hand should be sent, with the memorial, to the oncers and privates, who served their country in
Committee on Printing, in order that an expres-
sion might be obtained of the views of the Com-
mittee, as to any improvement which could be
introduced in our present system. And as the
memorial was full of sound and practical views, he
would ask that it be printed.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Punting, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Gnce.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Libran instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency otYub-crihiiig for — copies !
of the battle-tieJdj; and route of operations of General ricott
in the valley of Mexico, drawn by Captain McCJellan, of !
the Topographical Engineers, United States array. j
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed- 1
ed to the consideration of Executive business at |
twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, and remained j
therein to the usual hour; tha doors were then :
reopened, and 1
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 7, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GAYLE, by leave, presented the memorial
of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, and of
the States ot Alabama, Mississippi,Tennessee, and
Kentucky, asking the right of way over the pub-
lic lands, and a grant of public lands to aid said
company. Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. PUTNAM.
JWye.7, Th.it the Committee on Public Buildings and ic.uciiiutreu umt m
i! -hich he belonged, and other corps
ventilated" witli re-pert to the he.iitifof usTnenufcrs""wT'if
not. that they inq.mo into the expediency of havin^ such
ventilation made a- may he dermal ntces&ary and uroner.
and that tln-y K-poit by hill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. RICHEY,
Resolved. That the papers on file in the Clerk's ofiipp in
the case of AithurTnggart.and with the additional evidence
taken therein, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STEPHENS asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing:
Resolved, That the flowing word?, to wit: "Proviled
'rikuuh-m de<>,tre i.- by ouk-r of the Hou<«. any
'memner -iJi.iil he allowed in committcc five minute? to
6 explain any amoii'imcnt he mav oflui m the rwtli lule of
this Howe, be and the same id licieby abolished.
Being objected to, the resolution was not re-
ceived.
Mr. CRO WELL, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Joseph i
K. Brown. Laid on the table. f
ment in which he served in Mexico, officers were
cut down, and if it had been known that the con-
struction now given by the department were to be
put upon the law of 1847, it would have been im-
possible to^ have officered those companies, for
their commissions were not a sufficient compensa-
tion to them for the loss of their land. lie pro-
posed to amend the bill by adding to the first
section the words: " Provided they shall have
been elected or promoted after reaching the place
of military operations."
^ Mr. HASKELL said that this bill had been
oeforc the Committee on Military Affairs, who
had been almost unanimously m its favor; and he
v®ry g!ad tllat the gentleman from Maryland
{Mr. Evaxs] hud now introduced it; and as the
bill was so obviously just and fair, he earnestly
hoped that gentlemen would aid those who felt
specially interested in its passage m getting it
Mexico, were by the act of 1847 deprived of their
bounty lands. Theie were cases without number
whefe piivnies were compelled to accept promo-
; tion, all their officers having been killed on the
battle-field; they were, therefore, absolutely com-
1 pelled to accept promotion, and it would be the
grossest act of injustice to refuse to pass this bill.
He hoped no objection would be offered to obstruct
its passage, so that those meritorious men who so
signally distinguished themselves in the Mexican
war might receive their one hundred and sixty
acres of land. He moved that the bill be put on
its passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he had no objection
to the passage of this bill; nay, he was in favor of
its passage; but he thought it required some amend-
ment to obviate difficulties which he could foresee,
if it were passed in the shape in which it now was.
The bill provided, if he understood it correctly,
that all the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, who had been promoted, should be
entitled to their bounty land. In many cases—it
was so with those who went from the State of Illi-
nois, and some other States also—the officers were
chosen after the companies were formed at the
place of rendezvous; the officers then appointed
were^mustered as privates, and by the provisions
of this bill were as much entitled to their bounty j
land as any others. jNfow, an amendment should \
be made to the bill to correct this; for even the
privates were not entitled to bounty lands accord-
ing to existing laws, if they were disbanded before
reaching the seat of military operations. There
were, however, many reasons why the general
provisions of this or some such bill should be
passed. He remembered that in the corps to
in the reei-
through the House without delay. lie trusted
the bill would be suffered to pass now, and would
not be delayed by further referring it.
It was not often, Mr. H. observed, that he-
troubled the House with any remarks of his, nor
should he now have risen were it not for the
peculiar interesthe took in the success of the bill,
in behalf of those with whom he had been asso-
ciated in the service. The regiment to which he
had lately been attached in Mexico had been
organized in the field, the men who composed it
having left Tennessee in companies. The regi-
ment, as such, had not been organized until two
months after its members had been mustered into
the service. There was not an officer m it who
had not first served as a private for more than two
months. The War Department had so construed
the law granting bounty land to volunteers who
should have servpd till they were hnnorablv dis-
charged, that when a soldier should have'heen
promoted from the ranks and received a commis-
sion as an officer, he should be no lon^r en titled
to his bounty land, he not having served as a com-
mon soldier until he was discharged from the
service. Should this very singular construction of
the law receive the sanction of Congress it would
operate in this way: A private who should muster
into the service to-day and should maich to-mor-
iow, and on the march—that was, on to-morrow—
should fall sick or receive some bodily injury, and
be reported by the surgeon as disabled, and there-
upon be discharged, would receive his fu*l amount
of bounty land from the Government, though he
had actually served but one day, because he had
been mustered into iheservice and duly discharged.
But, under the same decision, should he muster
to-day and should continue to serve for eleven
months and twenty days, and then for his merito-
rious services should be promoted and commis-
sioned, he would be deprived of the reward pro-
vided for him by the Government, and originally
set apart as a stimulus to u faithful discharge of
duty, and as an inducement to enter into the mili-
tary scrvice of his country. Under such a con-
struction as this the law did not operate fairly; and
surely it must strike every reasonable man as no
more than just that a private, though commission-
ed afterward as an officer, should not on that ac-
count be stripped of his right to his bounty land.
The fact of his having been thus honored ought
surely to constitute no disability. The fact of his
promotion, on the contrary, warranted the infer-
ence that he had served faithfully as a private,
although he had not been '• honorably discharged,"
in the words of the law. Was it fair, that if a
man, after serving as a private, should be dis-
charged, he must receive his land, but if, instead
of being discharged, he was promoted, he should
not? If any difference was made, in consequence
of his promotion for merit, it surely ought to be
rather in his favor than to his disadvantage.
Mr. EYANS spoke in defence of the bill, con-
tending that as it stood it did not prevent the o nicer
who had first served as a private from receiving
his land. All it did was to show that there was a
class of privates who were not as meritorious as
otheis. Men who had not served so long as others
(having been prevented by circumstances without
any fault of theirs) might be not less entitled to the
bounty of the Government. Mr. E, could see no
reason why the amendment was necessary. Those
who were promoted to be officers usually received
that promotion in consequence of superior educa-
tion or some other external advantage, apart from
merit as soldiers. He hoped the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois would not be adopted.
Mr. E. utterly disclaimed oil intention or desire to
deprive the soldier of his light, nor would the bill
have any such effect. The amendment was unne-
cessary, and ht* hoped it would not be adopted.
Mr. GIDD1NGS inquired of the Chan* whether
it would be in order to move that (he hill be irfer-
red to the Military Committee5 He thought that
the House were getting into -t very bad habit of
passing bills, he had almost said with indecent
haste. Matters of much importance were often
thus disposed of without being examined, and of
v/lnch a large part of tiie members knew little or
nothing.
Mr. G. insisted thnt subjects requiring the action
of the House ought always tojje first subjected to
the deliberate investigation of a committee. They
were asked now to pass a bill at once, with the
nature and operation of which they were unac-
