1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
quainted, without aliowing time for examination
or reflection. He was told that these men had
served their country with great gallantry. He had
no doubt of it. Our soldiers were in the habit of
doing so They had served with the utmost gal-
lantry in the last war; there were twelve-months
volunteers who had served in that war through the
whole terra of their enlistment, and yet had never
received the first dollar nor a single acre of land.
In the frontier war men had served yet longer than
that, who had never to this hour received any
reward whatever. Mr. G. did not wish to be
understood as opposing this bill; but those who
were intrusted with the power of legislation were
sacredly bound to mete out justice with an equal
hand. lie was not prepared to pass on this bill,
because he was not acquainted with its merits. He
hoped it would be sent to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presumed the gentleman had not j
listened to the debate, or lie would have learned
that the bill had already been before the Military
Committee, who were nearly unanimous in its fa-
vor; it was now reported from the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. GrlDDINGS then suggested the propriety of
referring it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that if the merits of
this biil were not. apparent on its face, they had
been abundantly demonstrated by gentlemen who
spoke from a practical and personal acquaintance
with the subject. Possibly the bill might be de-
fective in some particular point, as the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] seemed to sup-
pose, and who had therefore moved an amendment
to meet the case; but its general provisions had
been well considered, and it would cil'oct the object
of extending the benefit of a laud warrant to such
officers as had been promoted from the ranks
during the war. Why should they not receive it? j
The design of the original bill providing the land i
bounty had been to stimulate men to enter the |
service, and to reward those who had faithfully j
served their country according to the terms of their
enlistment. It was intended"to add the motive of
interest to the motive of patriotism, and thus in-
duce men to rally round the standard of their coun-
try and defend it at the risk of their lives. Such
men deserved reward; and did they doservo it less
because personal merit and good behavior had led
to their promotion? To maintain such a principle
would bo to invert every process of reasoning and
every consideration of justice. It would he to
defeat the very end and object of the original bill,
and to act against its spmi.
Mr. McU. said he was acijuainled with one ease
which would illustrate the justice of the provisions
of this hill. It was the ease of a volunteer who
had gone into the service and been promoted, but
when a regiment was to be organized, had volun-
?arily gone into the ranks and served as a private,
(though he was a man o,f education and talents.)
in the bloody field of Buena Vista, every officer
of that company had been cut down, and this mail
had been promoted by the choice of the company
to be its captain, and, under the circumstances, he
could not do otherwise than accept his appoint-
ment. It was his duty to accept it. There was a
necessity for the filling of the vacancies which the
fortune of war had created. The company was
without a head to lead it 011 to battle; it must have
officers; and would any gentleman say, that be-
cause, under such circumstances lie had accepted
his commission, it was just to deprive him of his
bounty land? Was it ever the design of the law
to exclude such men from the bounty of their
eountry ?
The amendment proposed by his colleague [Mr.
Richardson] confined the operation of the bill to
men who had been promoted from the ranks in the
actual seat of war, and did not extend it to such as
had received the choice of their comrades at home
before reaching the field. Mr. McC. thought
there was sound reason for such a distinction.
When men were chosen officers at the rendezvous
there might not be us strong reason for extending
to them the benefits of this bill; but when a pri-
vate iiad served in the ranks till the necessities of
the service required and led to his promotion,
surely the reason and equity of the provisions of
the bill were strong and self-evident.
Mr. HARALSON said, he looked upon the
question as one merely of form. The House, he
believed were pretty generally agreed that some-
thing of the kind proposed ought to be done, and
ifprobably would be; but at an early period of the
session the subject had been referred to the Mili-
tary Committee, who had reported a bill having
this very object in view.
Mr. EVANS here interposed, to say that the
gentleman was not probably aware that this bill
had, within only four days past, been referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, who hud reported
it now to the House. The committee were bound
to report it.
Mr. HARALSON said he was aware of that;
but went on again to say that the Military Com-
mittee had reported a bill for this object, which had,
with their assent, been referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The com-
mittee had not thought themselves infallible; they
considered it possible that they might have erred,
and they weie not afraid to have their work thor-
oughly examined. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] now said that the bill had been
again reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, Well, what harm could arise from refer-
ring it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union? Mr. Ii. did not insist that, though
a military bill, it should be sent to the Committee
on Military Affairs, because that committee had
already had the subject before them; but he thought
there was wisdom in referring it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where its
provisions might undergo a thorough examination.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] had
moved an important amendment, and some other
gentleman, he believed, had moved another: very
possibly it might be found that the bill could be
amended, with advantage, in other particulars.
Could any gentleman indulge the belief that, if now
sent to a Committee of t e Whole on the state of
the Union, it would be suffered to he neglected
during the whole of the residue of this session?
[Several voices: " Yes—we do."]
Mr. H. could not entertain such a thought. He
thought it would be much better to let the bill be
examined than to take it from the committee on
Public Land;*, and at once pass it. Its details were
not known; the bill hud not even been printed;
and its provisions had not been well considered.
What harrn could arise from its reference? Per-
haps there might become point* in the bill as it
camc from the Committee on Public Lands, better
than in that from the Military Committee, and vice
versa* The House lmd it not before them; it had
not even been printed. lie hoped the bill would
bo sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. EVANS here accepted, as a modification,
the amendment piopo.sed by Mr. Ruiiaki>:sON.
Mr. POLLOCK said that he fully concum-d in
the merits of the principle on which the bill pro- |
eeeded. There was certainly no propriety that
when a soldier had been promoted for merit he
should be deprived of his claim to bounty land.
Surely such a promotion was equivalent, in view
of the spirit and end of the law, to an honorable
discharge. lie believed the construction put upon
the law by the department was wholly erroneous,
and in direct violation of the spirit if not the letter
of the act. Certainly these men ought not to have
l^jen excluded from the benefits of the law, nor
could he conceive on what grounds the construc-
tion could have proceeded. But the decision had
been nuule; and the purpose of the present bill
was to correct so strange an interpretation. No
doubt the hill should be acted on; but thequestion
was whether it should be passed now, without one-
half the members of the House knowing what its j
provisions were, for the bill had not been printed,
it involved a large amount of land, which was
equivalent in effect to involving a huge amount of
money, because the soldier had his option to take
either land or scrip* Mr. P. was in favor of re-
ferring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union first, because the House
was sliding into a habit of passing bills hastily,
without due rellection, and without reference to
committees. He insisted that no bill ought to be
so passed. In the second place, because, while he
jj was in favor of extending every proper privilege to
men who had periled their lives in the service of
the country, and while he gave our little army the
fullest credit foi* the almost romantic valor they had
displayed, and would in an especial manner crown
with glory the devoted courage and eminent ser-
vices of the volunteers, yet he could-not forget that
there were others equally meritorious who had not
yet received a single acre from the gratitude of
their country.
In the last war with Great Britain,, one of the
greatest Powers of the earth, we had had volunteers
who left all the comforts of home, and met in the
bloody field a foeman not unworthy of their steel,
and yet there was not a line on the statute-book to
reward their patriotic devotion. Bounty had been
given to those who enlisted to serve during the
war, or for five years; but their officers had not
yet received the first dollar.
He desired, then, that this bill should go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of an amendment, which he in-
tended to offer, extending the provisions of this act
to these meritorious men.
But there was another class of men to whom the
provisions of the act ought to be extended—to those
brave spirits who, in the darkest hour of ourcoun-
try's peril, left all that was dear, and periled their
lives and their health in our Western wars, fight-
ing against a foe more savage than the Mexicans,
under Generals Wayne, St. Clair, and Harmer.
Where was the provision on the statute-book for
those men who, when dangers gathered thick and
fast around them, sacrificed their lives and comfort
—their everything—in the defence of their country's
rights? Many of those gentlemen who day after
day were ready to vote hundreds of thousands for
those men who had gone to Mexico forgot those
who in other days had performed these bloody
services for their country. Let equal justice be
done to all; while those who had been engaged in
the present war were provided for, let not those of
former days be forgotten. Let them go back and
do justice "to the past.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, was understood to
say, that the very class of cases to which the gen-
tleman referred, was provided for in another bill,
which was either reported, or which a committee
had by resolution been instructed to report.
Mr. POLLOCK said he knew well, that during
the very last session, the same steps had been
taken towards making provisions for these persons,
but nothing could be accomplished. The measure
was never reachcd. To avoid such a result again
was his desire. He had prepared for this purpose,
and would offer it, if this bill were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
an amendment covering these cases. Let justice
be done to all. He hoped that those who were
willing to do justice to our brave soldiers in Mex-
ico, would be willing to do justice also to those
who in other times defended their country, and
covered themselves with honor and glory.
Mr. WICK said he had not got the floor for the
purpose of wasting time and words to show how
gl.id he would be to do ample justice to all those
who had penled their lives in the service of their
country, but because he thought he could explain
one or two points which were not very generally
understood. It so happened, that the resolution,
under the instructions of which this bill had been
reported, originated with him; and it also happen-
ed, that he had drawn the bill under consideration,
and placed it in the possession of a member of the
committee.
Mr. EVANS hedged the gentleman's pardon.
[A laugh.] He had repotted the bill, and he had
certainly not received it from the gentleman.
Mr. WICK said he alluded to the bill reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and which
was amply sufficient in its details to meet the emer-
gencies for which it was intended.
First, as to the objections which had been made
against the Department of War, in reference to
the construction given by it to the bounty-lnnd
law. It was very easy for these exceptions to be
taken, but they must remember that while they
were legislating here, they ought to stop all the
pig-holes to the laws which they passed. It so hap-
pened, that in the bounty-land law they did not do
it. Our public functionaries, in executing their
legislation, had to be extremely guarded, for tney
could not do right anyhow. That was demonstra-
i ble; for from the commencement of this Aummis-
i tration to this hour, there had never been a single
| Executive act which had not been brought up be-
foie the country ^nd complained of.
Mr. HASKELL interposed, and (Mr. W. yield-
ins) explained that in the remarks he had made,
I it had not been his design to reflect upon the de-
