438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
made. However, to obviate all objections, he
would amend his amendment so as to make the
proposed appropriation §2,000 10. . .
Tiie amendment was agreed to by a majority ot
83 to 33.
On motion, the committee then *ose and report-
ed the bill to the House.
All the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were concurred in without a division by the
House, except the following item, viz,; " For out-
fits of charges des affaires to Naples, the Papal
States, and the republics of Bolivia, Guatemala, and
Ecuador, twenty-two thousand five hundred dol-
lars;" which was amended by the Committee of
the Whole by striking out the words " the Papal
States, the republics of Bolivia, Guatemala, and
Ecuador, twenty-two" and insert " four," so that
it would read " For outfit of charge d'affaires to
Naples, §4,500."
Mr. MURPHY asked the yeas and nays on
concurring with the committee in that amendment.
They were ordeied, and, being takerr, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Green Adams, Barrow, Beale,
Blancliaid, JJo>don, Biady, UucKner,Butler, Uabtli, Canby,
Cockc, Conner, Cianstun, Ciowell, Ctozicr, Dickey, Dan-
iel Duncan, Gai nett Duncan,Embree, Nathan arts, Filler,
Flournoy, Fulton, Gaines, Gidihn^, Goggm, Gie^oiy, IIa!e,
.Nathan K. Hall, Ua>keH, Henty, Hill", Elias 1>. Holmes,
Ilabbard, lng<?$ Joseph R. ImnTsoll, Andrew Johnson, Geoige
W. Jones, John W. Jones, Dani'd P. King, W illiam T. Law-
rence, Levin, Mar^h, Marvin, Morehend, Nolf-on, Outlaw,
Palfrey, Preston. Root, Rmn>ev, Silvester, Simpson, t^iiiis,
Truman Smith, Stiohm, Thibodeaux, Richard \V. Thomp-
son, Toombs, Van D> ke, and Warren—63.
NAVS—Messrs. Atkinson, BeJuigui, Birilsail,Black, Bo-
cock, Bowdon, Boyd, Biodhoad, Bridge*, Chailes B'own,
Burt, Oathcart, Chapman, Chase, Clapp, Fianklin Clark,
Beverly L. Chirk, Chnginan, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
XV. Cobb, Collins, Daniel, Diekin&on, L>i.\ou,))onnHl} Duci,
Dunn, Edsall, Alexander Evans, Featlier-ston, Ftekhn, Fries,
Gayle, Gott, Green, Grmnell, Willaid P. Hall, H.ualson,
31ajinan-on, Hams, Ilenley, George Houston, Jiud-un,
Hunt, Charles J. Ingeiaoll, Ivfr on, Jackson, Jcnkin.-,
Robert W. Johnson, Kellogg, Kennon, Lalnn, Sidney Ij.uv-
rence, Lelfler, Lincoln, Loid, Maclay, McClelland, Mc-
Clermuid, McLano, Mann, Miller,Morns, Mulliu, "i/urpln,
Pcaslue, Peck, Pendleton, Pejton, Pillsbuiy, Reynolds,
Kichardson, Utchey, Robinson, Rockhill, Julm- Rockwell,
fcU. John, Sawyer. Smart, Stanton, Stephens Strong,Ta\ lor,
Thojn.i-, Jacob Thompson, John 1). Thomp-on, ltobeit A
Thompson, Tuck, Tnrnci, V'ertable, Vniton, White, Wtek,
Williams, and Wiley— 93.
So the House refused to concur with the com-
mittee in that amendment.
The item for one quarter's salary for each of the
charges des affaires to the Papal States, Bolivia,
Guatemala, and Ecuador, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars, which had been stricken out by the
committee, was read, and on the question of con-
curring with the committee—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered and taken, and resulted
as follows: j
YEAS—Abbott, Green Adams, Boydon. Brady, I
Buckner, Bint, Canby, Cook, Cornier, Cianston, Croweil, !
Ciozier,DK ke>, Daniel Duncan, Gmbiee, Fislu-j, Flounio),
Giddtngv, Go^gm,Gregory, Nathan i\. Hall, H ipkell, llemy,
Hill, IJubbard, Inge, "Andrew Johnson, (ieorgc W. Jones,
Levin, Mar->h, Maivin, Outlaw, Paliiey, Preston, Silve^tei,
Sun-, Trniiriu rfnuth, ritiohm, Th:bodoau\, Toombs?, Van
Dyke, anil Woodward—'i'2.
jVAYS—Atkinson, Banow, Bcdinger, Bud^all,
Black, Boeock, Bow don, Buwhn, Bovd, Miodhe.ul, l udg'>,
Chaile-? Bro,vn, Butiei. Cathcart, Chapman, Clapp, Franklin
Ciaik, Beveily L, Clark, Chngman, tlovvt 11 Cobb, Collin?,
Daniel, Dickui<on, Dixon, Donneli, Duer, Garnott Duncan,
Dunn, JBdwall, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan-. Featfiei--
f)n« Fickhn, Fries, Fulton, Gaines, Gayle, Gott, Gicen, XV.
P. Hall, Haralson, Uaiinanson, Harris, Henley, Geoi^e c?.
Hou-ton, Hunt, Charles J. fnger-oll, Iverson, Jackson,
Jenkins, Robeit W Johnson, Kennon, Lahm, Sidney Law-
lence, Lcffler, Lincoln, Loid, Maclay, McClelland, McClei-
nand, McKay, McLane, Mann, Miller, Moreheaa, Moms,
Mulhn, Murphy, Nelson, Pcash c, Peck, Pendleton, petiie,
Pejton, Pollock, Rhett, Reynolds, Uichaidson, Ihchey,Rob-
inson, Rockhill, Julm- Rockwell.linms-cy, St. John, Sawyer,
Simpson, Small, Robeit Smith,'Stanton, Stephens, Strong,
Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thoinps-on, Richard W. Thompson,
John B. Thompson. Robert A. Thompson, Tuck, Turner,
Vonable, \lnton, Warren, White, Wick, Williams, and
WTile>—TOG.
So the House refused to concur with the com-
mittee in striking out that item.
All the amendments of the committee having
been acted on, the question was put on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time, and
it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. C. J. INGER.SOLL moved a reconsidera-
tion of this vote, with a view, he said, to address
a few word3 of common sense to the House; but,
as the hour was now late, he would move an ad-
journment.
The motion being decided in the affirmative.
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented .and referred :
By Mr. GAINES : A memorial of a meeting of citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, in relation to steamboat navigation in the
West.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of sundry residents of the
towns of Amboy and Con&tantia, in O.-wego county, New
York, praying tor the establishment ot a mail route from
Williainstown to Amboy Corners. Also, the petition of 86
fanners arid citizens of Madison county, XewYotk, against
the revival oi the patent 'or Jethro Wood's plough,
' By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Horace G. Dean and
j 207 others, citizens of Lowell, in the State of Massochu-
' setts, prajing tor the parage of a law ostohhshmu a um'orm
1 rate ot letter po«.t;i'_'e and the pre-paymeiit thereof, at two
i cents each for all b'tteis not exceeding one ounce in weight.
1 And tiny further «uk that all newspaper postage be reduced
i to one cent for ea'.h paper, and also for the total abolition of
j the frankms puvi!e;-e.
I By Mi. PUTNAM: The remonstrance of H.N. Stanley
I ana others, Citizens of Genesee c«,unt\. New Yoik, against
j tiie revival ot the patent of JeilnoWood lor a cast-iron
! plough. AK-o, the petition of Nelson Wolcott and other-.,
I c!t-/.ensot Wjoming county, New V ork, on the same <^ub-
1 jeu. A!*o, the memorial of William G. Mor^e and 101
■ other-*, opposed to the sale of the public land;-, and that they
J be laid out into (aims for the free use ot those who ate not
' po so-ed ot bonis: and opposed to any graat to the States
o: the lands, cxeeptfor such purports.
i iJy Mr. THOMPSON,ot Mississippi: The petition of ciU-
i zer.^ ot Ti<hemni o county, Mi-^ issippi, piaymg the Cstab-
; lishinent of <i mail ioute nuni Eittpoif to Fulton, in &aid
| State. Al?o, the memorial ot Wooden Wten, of Natchez,
; Mi-vaissippi, piajmg for a modification of the po-t office
; iawj increasing the compensation ot jio-tmasteis. Also, the
' petition of the MnptJ-t Convention oi the State of Mxssiscip-
pi, pi ijingloi the erec'ion of a second Indian territory, for
| the exclusive occupation and enjo) nicnt of the several In-
' dian tubes.
j By Mi. HUNT: Th«> reoi'mstrance of 208 citi7cn-« of Or-
; leans count\, New Vork, against extending the patent of
! JetiiroWood.
! By Mi. CONGER. The icmonstianee of50 citizens and ij
! fanners of C uga county. New Voik, against thefuithor
extension ol tne patent ol Jethro Wood.
I iiy Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio : The petition of citizens of
1 Licking and Delawaie counties, Ohio, psajmg tor a icduc-
i tiou on new-papci postage.
i Iiy Mr. ijRIN\'IXL : The petition of Thomas Nicker^on
! and a lame uymbet ot other-, of Piovnu etow n, M i&aachu-
! sett1*, stating that fiie facilities iot taking codri.-h on the coa^t
: of the Bntk-di pjo\ineeis iiive the inhabitants rheieof advr.n-
j tages o\ er our own fishermen. They therefore pray that
j the duty on codfish may be increased and made specific.
; IIS SENATE. j-
j Tuesday, March 7, 1848. 1
. Mr. DO WAS presented two memorials from |
; citizens of Louisiana, asking the establishment of '
: a judicial district m that part of the State lying
| noith of Red liver; which was referred to the;
| Committee on the Judiciary. lj
! Mr. BREESE presented three memorials from jt
: citizens of Illinois, in relation to mail routes from '!
| Waterloo, by Red river and Lafayette; whiph Ij
j were referred to the Committee on the Post Office li
S and Post Roads. il
il Mr. DIX presented a petition from ship owners jj
U and consignees of the city of New York, foralaw sj
j to facilitate the landing and warehousing of car- |
11 goes of vessels from foreign ports; which was j
I referred to the Committee on Commerce. s
i Mr. FELCH presented a petition from citizens \
of Michigan, asking that the General Government j
, will provide for the construction of a road from i
; Green Bay to Lake Superior, and that public lands i
i may be appropriated for that purpose; which was t
: referred to the Committee on Public Lands. j
: Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a peti- j
, tion from Major Boiland, of Arkansas mounted j
volunteers, asking that his command, which were i
: captured at Encarnacion, shall receive the pay of j
i mounted troops for the time of their imprison- j
! ment; which was referred to the Committee on j
i Military Affairs. j
; REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. I
j Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private j
Land Claims, reported a bill to relinquish the re- ;
versionary interest of the United States in a certain I
Indian reservation in the Slate of Alabama; which 1
was read a first time. |
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on the j
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the ■
relief of George V. Mitchell, accompanied by a |
report; the bill was read a first time. |
On motion of Mr. BREESE, it was i
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicmrybe instruct- i
ed to inquire into the expediency ot establishing by law a •
tariff of lees for the attorneys ot the United Wtate-- m those 1
States respectively where, for acmcee lendeied in thr fc>u- !
psenie (Joint, there id no established fee bill or allowance j
tor fcucii services. I
While this resolution was under consideration,
Mr. HALE expressed a wish that it should be
made general in its character, so as to embrace a
uniform state of fees in all the States. At present
a great inequality exists.
Mr. BREESE replied, that the resolution in its
present form, would open the whole subject before
the committee.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and remained therein from twenty minutes p?®t
twelve o'clock until half-past seyen; and then the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Weiwesday, March 8, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, by leave, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Alabama, in relation to tolls charged on the
Muscle Shoals canal. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the subject of printing:
extra copies of the report of the late Lieutenant
Niei M. Howison, of the United States navy, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read
and adopted:
Resolral, 'iliat 15.000 extra copies of said report lie printed
for the use ot tin Rou-e,
On motion of Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas, by
leave—
Resolved, Timt the Oown ttce on Miiit'nr AiTans be in-
structed to inqiiue into she expediency of fiannng a genera?
law tbi the protection and relief of capttned volunteers iis
the war v/ith Mexico.
Mr. STANTON said that some time since he
had offered a resolution i-equesting the President
to communicate any correspondence which may
have taken place with the Government of Great
Britain relative to the adoption of principles of
reciprocity in the trade of the two countries. He
perceived that it had excited some interest in the
newspapers; and as he had learned from the Sec-
retary of State that there was some correspond-
ence, he requested the House to take up the reso-
lution and act upon it. The resolution was then
taken up and read as follows:
Resolved, That the Present of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House any correspondence
which may have recently taken place with the Urrtisli Gov-
ernment lelative to the adoption of prmapJes of reciprocity
in the trade and shipping of the two countries, piovideti
suoh communication shall not, in Iih judgment, conflict
with the pubhc interest.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the subject of printing
extra copics of the annual report on commerce and
navigation, reported the following resolution:
Reeved, That five thousand extra copies of the said re-
port be punted.
Mr. H. said that he had had that report in his
drawer some time, and he thought it probable the
composition had been taken down. If it were so,
he would not urge the adoption of the resolution.
! Mr. GRINNELL inquired if ten thousand was
! not the usual number. It was a document of very
: great importance to the commercial world, and he
; thought that five thousand extra copies were in-
1 sufficient to supply the wants of the country, and
; he therefore moved to amend the resolution by
; striking out five thousand and inserting ten thou-
. sand.
Mr. CONGER said as-the House were proba-
bly not advised of the cost of printing the extra
copies, he would state that it would amount to
■ about $880.
The question was then put on striking out five
! thousand and inserting ten thousand, and it was
■ agreed to.
i The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. LEFFLER presented several resolutions of
■ the Legislature of the State of Iowa relating to the
1 pubhc iands and post routes. Laid on the table
: and ordered to be printed.
\ Mr. WHITE moved the following resolution,
j which was read :
I Resolved, That the Committee on Printing take into con-
sideration the propriety of printing as many copies ot the
agticultmal report from the Commh> ioner on Patents n~> will
equ'il the e<M of printing the report of said Comim^ioiu'r
at the first ses&ionof the twenty-ninth Congress,and having
