184B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
the same bound at a cost not exceeding twenty cents pet
«opy.
After some suggestions by Mr. THOMPSON,
of Mississippi, and Mr. HENLEY—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table. Disagreed to.
Mr. FARRELLY moved to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word " Resolved,"
and inserting—
"That the usual number of copies of the repott of the
Commissioner of Patents be printed, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Printing to consider the propriety of
printing 5,000 extra copies of the report and documents to-
gether, and 5,000 copiesof the report and documentswittiout
the agiicultural report, and the decisions of Judge Craneli;
4,000 copies of the agricultural report, and 2,000 eopies of
tile decisions of Judge Cranch; and that the Committee on
Engraving inquiie into the expediency of engraving the
plates accompanying the agiicultural report."
After some further remarks, by Messrs. FAR-
RELLY, WHITE, HENLEY, KING of Mas-
sachusetts, and COBB of Georgia—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to amend the
amendment by striking out all thereof, and in-
serting :
"That the Committee on Piinting be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of piintiiisr an extra number of the re-
poit of the Commissioner of Patents "
The SPEAKER ruled Mr. Cobb's amendment
out of order, there being already an amendment
pending.
Mr. COBB then moved to lay the resolution on
the table. Disagreed to.
Mr. WHITE'uccepted Mr. Farrelly's amend-
ment as a modification of his resolution.
Mr. COBB then renewed his amendment to the
resolution as modified.
■ Mr. RICHARDSON moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and under its operation
Mr. C.'s amendment was rejected.
The resolution as mollified was then adopted.
Mr. IVERSON, by leave, presented resolutions
«f the Legislature of the State of Georgia relative
to a mail route from Traveller's Rest, in Dooly
county, to Florence, in Stewart county. Refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
DEFICIENT APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the motion of Mr. C. 3. Ingeksoi,!. to
reconsider the vote by which the bill further to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1848, was ordered to
bo engroKMod and rend a third time.
Mr. C. INGliRSOLL rose and miid: There
are occasions wljcn it is well to adopt the republi-
can maxim of recurring '<> firs' principles—Ul «
fontibus holitts horiant i/tutm rirulis eomitctnUlhiin—
antl, therefore, I will road a paragraph in the Con-
stitution, without which it would never have been
Adopted. I refer to the first amendment, which is
in these words : "Congress shall make no law for
the establishment of religion,&c.; and 1 shall
accompany that with a portion of an address pre-
sented by the Roman Catholics in the. United States
to the first President, from which I beg leave to
read two paragraphs :
SiI( \\Y have been long impatient to testify our joy
mid unbounded confidence on join being culled by a unani-
mous vote to the tiist station of a country in which that
unanimity could not iiave been obtained without the pie-
vious incut of unexampled seivices, of eminent wisdom,
and unblemished vn Inc.
"This pio^peetof n.i'ional piospcrit.v is pccilliiuly pleas-
ing to u^ on another iieeount, because, whilst our country
preserves her fiecdoin and independence, we .-dull have a
well-founded title to claim fioni her ju-tice equal rights of
citizenship, as well the price ol our blood spilt under your
eyes, and of our common exertion-: for her defence, under
your auspicious conduct—rights rendered more dear to us
by the rcmembnmcc of fonnei h.ird.>)nps."
This address was signed by Charles Carroll of
Carrollton, (the last venerable survivor of the sign-
ers of the Declaration of Independence,) and by
John Curroli, a near relation of Charles, the first
American Republican Archbishop. It was also
signed by Thomas Fitzsimmons, one of the fra-
mers of the Constitution, as well as by many other
gentlemen of great respectability.
Some years after, another President of the Uni-
ted States, a strict Presbyterian, on the death of the
late Episcopal Chief Justice Marshall, nominated
for his successor a Roman Catholic, of Maryland,
a gentleman of high character and of high legal
attainments, who has ever since filled that elevated
position; and, to come down to the present session
of the present Congress, some tew weeks ago, I-
was called upon to sign an application to the Ro-
man Catholic Bishop of New York, to which the
names of most of the members of both Houses
were subscribed, requesting him to preach the
next Sunday in this Hall. The list was headed, if
I am not mistaken, by the jiame of that venerable
and illustrious member for whose pious and pa-
triotic death this apartment is draped in the habil-
iments of mourning, and whose funeral obsequies
are consecrated by the whole country.
A few days pa3t I was waited on by one of the
pages belonging to this House, who handed me a
subscription list, tjn which I saw the names of
many of these same gentlemen signed for an ex-
tensive dissemination of a commentary on this pro-
ceeding, which I beg to read from a speech of my
colleague of the Southwark district:
" And who so capable of the great diplomatic duty as the
man wiio has so industriously agitated this sympathy for
Rome, to gratify his inordinate and gigantic ambition ; who,
tor years past, lias been tile dictator, the trader, and the
pander of the foreign Roman Catholic vote; who one min-
ute acts the priest, and the next day plays the politician ;
who would luive the wotld to believe that lie is greater than
the Piesident of the United ritates, because he is the power
behind the thione who moves the Piesident; who would have
the world believe that, because lie flatters the American
people by a sermon from the national forum, he is tile inaiu-
epiing of the American Congiess? Combining the character
ot piiest and politician, allowed to the ministers of no other
sect, this ambitious demagogue, taking for Ins motto that
1 impudence is power,' has dared to display an extent of au-
dacity never practised and never allowed to any other cler-
gyman. This embassy, and all the public turmoil that lias
led to its suggestion, is the work of an intriguing, rcstlcs,
gra«piug, ana ambitious priest, who fans 111 Ins bosom the
nefarious hope that he is Imuself to he the destined organ
between a free lepublic and an absolute htetarch."
I make these statements in no ill-will or unkind-
ness towards my colleague. On the contrary, ever
sincc 1 came here I have endeavored to maintain
toward htm that personal kindness which should
always prevail between gentlemen belonging to
the same public body, especially those coming
from the same State and the same neighborhood;
but I say these things for the sake of showing that
the subject has been presented by him under feel-
ings of"excitement and of exaggeration calculated
to do him great injury. He has brought into this
House an appeal to religious prejudices, which
ought never to be invoked within these halls. I
understand that out of the two hundred and twenty-
eight members of this House, two hundred and
twenty-six are Protestants. There are, I am told,
but two Catholics in the House. We arc a Protest-
ant Congress, representing a Protestant communi-
ty. 1 therefore think it prudent and wise—and I
have disciplined my own feelings to that standard
—to avoid the excitement which subjects of this
kind are so apt to create.
My colleague, suiter me to say, in his abuse of
the Pope and of the Bishop, bestowed no few mal-
edictions upon the Jesuits. I do not know whether
my colleague over saw a Jesuit.
Mr. LKV1N. I think 1 see one now before mo.
Mr. IMGIORSOLL. is that intended as a per-
sonal insult?
Mr. LEVIN. Certainly not.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I neither give nor take in-
sults; that is my rule.
On our next National Anniversary, on the 4th of
July, I will, if he pleases, introduce my colleague
into the college at Geoigetown, and, when he is
tiiere, make him acquainted with the highly l>*-
spectable Jesuits belonging to that institution—
gentlemen whom I know, and the extent and depth
of whose scientific attainments and the purity (so
far as 1 know or have ever heard) of whose lives
entitle them to general respect; men who have
maintained the standing of that institution for these
fifty or sixty years past, while, during that same
period, bishop after bishop of the Protestant
churches have been convicted of inebriety and pro-
miscuous amours, and been degraded for the gross-
est vices. For fifty years those Jesuit fathers
have been disseminating the doctrines of human
freedom, as well as the treasures of science, to the
youth of America, and not an instance has occurred
of anything to their dishonor.
1 cannot but suspect my colleague of speaking of
them without understanding what is in truth their
real character. I want him to go there, that he
may learn charity from Jesuits—that charity with-
out which we are told from very high authority
that, though he spoke with the tongues of men or
of angels, he cannot be a Christian. I mean no
offence when I say that I want my colleague to go
there, not only that he may learn charity, but also
that he may learn from these same Jesuits—I am
sure I may—that he may learn taste; and while I
am ready to admit that fie is an eloquent declaim-
er, I think he might derive important information
not only in regard to the feelings of his heart, but
the outpourings of his tongue.
My colleague will not take the Pope as a reform-
er, unless he will let him strike down his tiara and
strip him of his scarlet robes. Now, I think that
if my colleague is to wait till the Pope accom-
plishes this reform, he is likely to wait a good
while. There is an old-fashioned verse, which
says:
" The Emperor, Stadtholder, Pope, you and I,
Will sit down to a jollification."
I doubt if ever we shall attain to that degree of
intimacy; but, as a great reformer, I am satisfied
it is the interest, the duty, and the true policy of
the people of this country to cheer him on in the
noble career on which he has entered.
After submitting these brief introductory remarks,
I now come to the immediate question before us.
It is said, that we have no commercial relations
with the dominions of the Pope. I am not sur-
prised that my colleague should have fallen into
such a deep pit-fall of error as this, because the
whole tone and character of his speech evinces
that it was delivered under the influence of passion,
which always blinds the judgment. But I confess
I am astonished that a gentleman who is the late
chief magistrate of the cotton-growing State of
Mississippi, [Mr. A. G. Brown,] should have
moved to strike out from this bill an appropriation
for the expenses of ft mission to Rome, on the
ground that we have no commercial relations with
Italy. And I was still more surprised, when a
gentleman, who is one of the Representatives of
the sugar interest on this floor, should have sec-
onded such a proposal.
I make my appeal to gentlemen here who repre-
sent the cotton interest, to say whether it is true
that we have no commercial interests in Italy. And
in the first place,, I refer gentlemen to a suggestion
—the very first suggestion, I think, made by this
much-abused Pope—for the formation of a com-
mercial league between the States of Italy, precise-
ly the same with ours. When Mr. Madison first
suggested the formation of our present Constitu-
tion as a substitnte for the old Confederation, he
asked no more than was substantially contained in
the very first suggestion of Pius IX. The Pope
proposed and urged the policy of forming a com-
mercial league to embrace all the Italian States.
The sagacity of the man enabled him to know that
he could not effect e;reat reforms of a political kind
by starts and jumps, but that he must effect the
II removal of ancient abuses by a deliberate course
' of wisdom and moderation.
We have a minister at the Court of Prussia.
What are our commercial relations with Prussia?
They are insignificant. But Prussia is the col-
lector for the nineteen German States, which are
embraced in that great commercial confederacy
known by the name of the Zoll-Verem. The
Pope has moved a measure of the same kind among
the States of Italy.
My colleague says, that the Pope has control of
no other waters than thoseof the Pontine Marshes.
I believe that Ancona and Civita Vecchia are the
only ports in the Papal States.
[Here Mr. Giiinnbll interposed, to remind Mr.
I. that there were ]>orts on the Adriatic as well as
on the Mediterranean.]
Yes, yes; I am aware of all that. I do not for-
get the Adriatic. But let us first dispose of the
Mediterranean. There is Civita Vecchia and Leg-
horn close by, in Tuscany.
When we go round into the Adriatic, at the head
of the Gulf, we find the city of Tiieste virtually
ail American city. I know that it lies in that part
of Italy which is at present under the_ Austrian
Government; but it is so far an American com-
mercial city, that, owing chiefly to commerce ana
enterpiise, the city has doubled its extent and pop-
ulation within the last ten years—just as New
Bedford has done, which is represented here by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. ^RtNT"
NELL.] Trieste is the southern inlet into Germany,
just as Hamburg is the northern; and large quan-
tities of American cotton, American tobacco, Amer-
ican sugar, (so far as we are able to supply the
demand, though we have not yet enough to supply
it entirely,) are entering it continually, constitu-
ting an important branch of American commerce.
From the much-afcuscd Texas, whose " stupen-
