1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
of such men as he pleases? What harm will they
do us ? Are they likely to deteriorate—to injure
us ? I cannot see how ? And what does our glo-
rious mother country say to these events? The
commercial and political correspondent of the In-
telligencer says:
" But a moie important item still is, that Sir Ralph Aber-
crombie, the English Plenipotentiary in Sardinia, has com-
municated to the Minister of Foreign Affairs at Turin a note
send by Lord Paimerston to the Court of Vienna, in wlueh
it is declared that, in case an Austrian intervention should
be attempted in Tuscany, in the Roman States, or in the
Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, it would be considered by
England as a declaration of war."
My colleague said there never had been an Eng-
lish minister at Rome, because the Pope would
never consent to receive one. He ia&under a great
mistake. It is not because the Pope refused to
receive a minister from England, but because the
British Parliament refused to send one. England
is a Protestant country. She was afraid of the
Pretender, and the constitution forbade a Catholic
succession. There has been no Papal representa-
tive in London because an act of Parliament stood
in the way, but Lord Landsdowne has lately intro-
duced a bill to authorize the Crown to send a min-
ister to Rome; and in all probability, while I am
now addressing this House, he is there. But that
is not all. Lord Minto was sent to the Italian
States, just as I proposed that we should do; he
was sent, not indeed directly to Rome, but to
Loinbardy, Tuscany, and Naples. He is saying
to the people of those States, "Go on; we will stand
by you; be just and fear not."
I regretted very much the confusion created in
the House by a personal pass between two of my
colleagues, and the more as the Chair, by a vigor-
ous irregularity, (for I doubt much if a majority
voted to adjourn,) very properly adjourned the
House. I regretted it bccause by that means my
amendment was excluded. 1 wanted to appoint a
full minister to Italy, with a salary and outfit of
#18,000 at least. I want a minister plenipotentiary
to go, (and I would call him an ambassador, if the
President will consent to the use of such a term,)
as being sent on so groat an occasion. For gen-
tlemen will allow me to say this is a great occa-
sion; we are called on by the circumstances to say
whether we will or will not take part and lot in
this great reform. When General Washington
was President in 1793 he broke the first treaty the
United States ever made, but he did it because the
supreme safety of the country required it; and it
was a measure eminently wise.
But I think the time has come when this coun-
try can no longer avoid taking some part in the
current of events throughout Christendom. Are we
to leave everything to Ureat Britain while we have
commcrciul interests and relations all over the
world, and a riavy to protect tlieni, and while we
lmve conquered capitals at a greater distance from
Washington than Rome is, and far more inacces-
-sible? Are we not to send a minister there? Are
we not bound to say to this Pope, in our own ver-
nacular, (and it is a very good one,) " Go-ahead
your Holiness! [Much merriment.] Surely we
have the same right that Austria has.
My colleague said that no minister had been
sent by tins country to the States of South Amer-
ica. But hero ho was as far wrong as in other
matters. Ctesar Rodney, Mr. Bland, and a third
whose name I cannot now recollect, were sent, as
commissioners throughout all the South American
States to fan the flame of freedom. At that time
the greatest citizen of this republic—the man who
is now passing by ovation from city to city on his
way hence to New York—I mean Mr. Clay—when
on this floor, rebuked the then Administration be-
cause he said that, originating as we had done, and
owing our own freedom to a similar movement, we
were bound to give to those struggling States the
right-hand of encouragement.. Nor was Mr. Clay
alone in such a sentiment. Some years after, little
Greece undertook a struggle for freedom; and what
had we to do with Greece ? She had not even any
Pontine marshes to benefit our commerce; yet a
highly distinguished statesman now in the Senate
—I allude to Mr. Webster—made an eloquent
movement in this House in favor of our tendering
to Greece our aid. I maintain it is our duty to show
to the world that we take an interest in the move-
ments of this Pope. True, asking you to step over
the Atlantic is asking a great step, and I am wil-
ling to submit to better judgments than my own.
But I remember that in 1823 one of our most pru-
dent and discreet Presidents, Mr. Monroe, sug-
gested in his message to Congress whether it was
not our duty and our true policy to say to the mem-
bers of the Holy Alliance that they should not be
suffered to plant a colony not only in North but
even in South America.
Here the hour expired, and Mr. I. resumed his
seat.
Mr. LEVIN next obtained the floor, and said:
Before I proceed to reply to the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, I feel it due to myself, as
well as to my constituents, to explain the allusion
which 1 made the other day to the subject of the
"tinder-box." I asked the gentleman on that
occasion, whether the torch of the incendiary had
been lighted at the "tinder-box;" and I am satis-
fied that he did not understand the bearing of that
inquiry, otherwise he certainly would not have
given it a personal application. If I remember
aright, the people of that district which I now have
the honor to represent, once elevated my colleague
from the third Congressional district to a seat in
the councils of the nation. So lonff as Rome or
Ireland ruled it, he represented it. He seems to
think that the spirit of " incendiarism" still slum-
bers amongst that patriotic and much-injured peo-
ple. Whether he will have equal reason to defame
those whom he now represents, the next Congres-
sional election in Pennsylvania will decide.
Sir, it is known to the country, that at a time
when the rights even of the Irish Catholics in that
district were invaded—aye, sir, after they had con-
verted the church of St. Philip de Neri into a gur-
rison—and it surely ceased to be a church and
became a garrison when arms and ammunition
were placed within its walls—when thus stripped
of its sanciity, who defended and protected that
fortress thus prepared to vomit its flames upon
American citizens? 1 answer, the Native Ameri-
cans. Everything had been (lone to inflame and
infuriate the people. The " Hibernia Greens,"
with loaded muskets, were placed within that con-
secrated building. At this moment, that noble-
hearted and patriotic man, Thomas D. Grover,
called at my house and asked me to accompany
him to that bcene, in order that I might aid in
saving the lives of those men, and preserve the
church from destruction. We well knew that the
character of a church is its best protection. If that
will not protect it, arms never will in this country.
When we walked to the rear of the church, we
found two cannon loaded to the muzzle, one of
them so aimed as to enter the window. Thomas D.
Urovor mounted the one, 1 stepped upon the other,
placing my foot upon the touchhole just as tlioy
were about to apply the torch. I then proclaimed
that if that ehuicli iell, I would fall amidst its ruins,
1 pleaded for the safety of the Uonian Catholic
altar. I suceoedcd, with the aid of the Native
Americans of the district, in allaying the popular
excitement. Wc carried oil' the guns. We saved
the church; and there it stands a monument of the
protective power of Native Americans. We en-
tered the basement of the building, incendiaries as
we were, but we bore no torch, and there we found
a " tinder-box," with matches and all needful
preparation made to set it on fire. But, sir, the
Native Americans of that district have put an eter-
nal .extinguisher upon any and every "tinder-box"
which shall ever threaten the conflagration of
churches, or the cold-blooded slaughter of Ameri-
can citizens engaged in the exercise of their con-
stitutional rights. So much, sir for this explana-
tion .
I now turn to my colleague from the fourth Con-
gressional district. The gentleman has read from
the Constitution of the United States. Well, sir,
that is the platform upon which I stand. He tells
us that Congress cannot legislate upon the subject
of religion. We all admit that; and Europe well
knows it. But, sir, the States can legislate upon
the subject of religion; and here let me announce
to this House and to this nation a startling fact.
In 1843, when the Pope issued his encyclical let-
ter against slavery, and Daniel 0'Council publish-
ed his manifesto calling upon the Irish Catholics
of the United States to carry out the intentions of
the Pope at the ballot-box, (for you must take them
in connection as illustrating the real designs of the
Pope,) he called together in the city of London the
most influential and wealthy Roman Catholics for
the purpose of forming an association, having for
its avowed object the overthrow of Protestant
rights and Protestant freedom in the United States.
A circular or pamphlet was prepared, which was
dexterously and judiciously distributed; and in
that circular we find the same ground assumed
which has been taken upon the floor of this House
by my colleague from the fourth Congressional dis-
trict—" Congress has no power to legislate upon
the subject of religion." But in the circular they
proclaimed the fact—and it seems they understood
this subject well—that the States may change the
fundamental law, and make the Roman Catholic
religion the established religion of the State! This,
sir, in itself explains the secret of this extraordi-
nary flood of Roman Catholic population now
pouring into our country. Is it not, sir, some-
what extraordinary that the Romish hierarchy in
Europe have never directly or indirectly attempted
to interpose the slightest check to that immense im-
migration which yearly transfers so many thou-
sands from their dominion? I put it to the com-
mon sense of every man whether it is at all likely
that the transference to our shores of such multi-
tudes of the followers of the Pope would be thus
looked upon without alarm or regret, if the subtle
policy of the Romish Pontiff had not given him
assurance that the result would in nowise impair
his strength or endanger his dominion ? The docu-
ment to which I allude was obtained with some
difficulty by a gentleman—a citizen of this coun-
try—who was then in London. It was handed by
him to a distinguished Senator of the United States,
[Mr. Westcott,] by whom it was placed in the
hands of Mr. Buchanan, the Secretary of State.
Far be it from me to charge the Secretary of Slate
with the suppression of that document. But it has
been lost or mislaid; and as it is the only copy of
which I have heard, I hope that I may yet have an
opportunity of laying it before the country.
The honorable gentleman from the fourth Con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania travels back to
1791 for the purpose of showing the devotion of
Roman Catholics to the cause of human freedom.
Why not take the position assumed by " Eugemo
Macnamara, Catholic Priest and Apostolic Mis-
sionary," of more recent date, to show that " the
' Irish Catholics are best adapted to the religion,
' character, and temperament of the inhabitants of
' Mexico," and " to protect the Califormans against
' becoming the prey of the Methodist wolves ?" I
was surprised that my colleague found it necessary
to go so far back in American history in order to
vindicate his position, inasmuch as, in his own let-
ter of 1815, he denounces the Jesuits, and particu-
larly the Pope, to be " the scarlet-clad whore of
Babylon." Sir, I never went so far as that. I
confess, however, that I profited much by that
letter from the pen of the honorable gentleman
from the fourth Congressional district, and whom I
expected to find on this occasion an able ally, and
not a foe.
Sir, Charles Carroll, to whom allusion was mado,
was the contemporary of Lafayette. Lafayette
was well aware of the heroic devotion to the cause
of liberty which the Irish patriot displayed. Yet
it was Lafayette who proclaimed that when the
liberties of this country fall it would be through
the instrumentality of the Roman Catholic priest-
hood. The honorable gentleman has pronounced
a high encomium on the would-be nuncio or legate
of the Pope—Bishop Hughes. The picture must
have been well drawn, or the honorable gentleman
would have failed to recognize the original. I
spoke of a scheming, plotting, crafty, ambitious
priest, and the leader of the Democracy supposes
that I alluded to one of their chosen allies. Well,
be it so. Did not Bishop Hughes desert the altar
for the political arena, and in Carroll Hall, in the
city of New York, call upon his Irish Catholic fol-
lowers, the subjects of the Pope, to vote for none
but those who were pledged to pass a law ejecting
the Bible from the public schools? Was not the
same movement made in Philadelphia and in Bal-
timore ? And yet we, who stand m self-defence in
this great emergency, are charged with making an
effort to connect politics and religion !
When the honorable gentleman from the fourth
Congressional district declared that I could never
have seen a Jesuit, I rose in my place, and, look-
ing at him, exclaimed, " I see one now !" The
gentleman asked if I intended to insult him. I re-
plied, " Certainly not." The gentleman entirely
misunderstood me; for, sir, aware that his former
conception of the character of the Jesuits had un-
dergone an entire change, and that he now regarded
the members of that order as occupying the most
