442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
exalted rank in th6 scale of moral and intellectual ,,
excellence, I had imagined that when I recognized ij
fn himself a member of that illustrious order, I of- ji
fered a homage which even his nice sense would j'
not regard as at all distasteful. ^ |j
Without deigning a reply to any portion of the j.
argument which I had the honor to submit a few ij
days ago, the honorable gentleman, with his usual \\
adroitness, attempts to turn the public attention to jj
our commercial interests in the Italian States. The ;
commerce to which the gentleman alludes is already \
fully protected. That commercial intercourse is ;
with Austria, and is fully secured by our diplo-
matic arrangements with that Government. So far !
as our commerce with the Pope is concerned, have !
we not a consul at Ancona, at Ravenna, and at ;
Rome? In neither of these ports can a fishing- ;
boat float in safety; and yet we are gravely told :
that by the creation of this mission all the great j
agricultural and commercial interests of the coun- i
try are to be protected and advanced! No, sir; this 1
problem is more readily solved by a reference to \
the message of the President, in which he speaks ^
of the 45 interesting political events now going on !
in Rome." We are to send a diplomatic agent to ,
Rome, whose duty it shall be to take a part in the [
" interesting political events," and to receive in j
return a legate of the Pope, armed with civil and j
ecclesiastical power, whose duty it will be to direct;
and control the " interesting political events" now j
going on in America. •
Sir, I reiterate the assertion that this whole !
schemc has for its object political power and reli- j
gious connection. The object is to centralize a i
Jesuit influence in the United States, destined to i
'act as the ally of the so-called Democracy. It will |
so act until it becomes sufficiently powerful to de- ]
mand from the Democracy that it shall become Us .
ally! Sir, did not the honorable gentleman step a |
little beyond the line of liberality which he has laid j
down as his guide, when he saw fit to seize upon the j
acts of debauchery committed by Protestant clergy- I
men, in oider, under the cover of these individual i
acts, to assail thegreat body ot'Protestantism itself? !
He knew as well as i know that the Protestant clergy j
of thig country and of the world are characterized j
by the utmost purity. The great body of the Pro- j
testant clergy may well cast back with disdain any ;i
such attempt to attach to it the disgrace of these .
exceptional cases, just as the polished steel ilings ■ >
back from its immaculatesurfuce the " breath which ,
seeks to stain it!" The Protestant clergy have no
secret confessional; they have no convents; they :
have no nunneries; their every act is done beneath j
the broad blaze of day. j1
Is it not strange that under circumstances like j!
these I should be charged with bringing the subject j!
<if religion into this House? It has been introduced j;
by a committee of the House, and in a bill io sup-|'
ply d(ficiencics, leading the new members of the!
House to suppose that a previous law existed au-1
ihorizing the appointment of this mission, and that;
all that was now needed was a supply of money J
to meet the expenditure. Sir, the plan is worthy '
of the plot. The whole movement is Jesuitical. j
But my colleague points to the fact that there are i
but two Catholics in the House. Would to God
there were more of the same stamp. Sir, the gen- 1
tleman from Louisiana, himselfa Catholic, resists '
this religious link. I have no doubt he represents •
the noble feeling and lofty patriotism of American \
Catholics, when he opposes the formation of this
religious lie, and protests against the extension of!
the temporal authority of the Pope over the United \
States, which is the ulterior end and aim of this ;
jesuitical movement. For what need have the Je- ;
suits of Roman Catholic representatives so long as i
then fiiends and supporters may be found m the 1
Representatives of the American people? My col- j
league has extended to me a kind invitation to visit j
the Jesuit College at Geoigetown. He tells me I !
will find them bland, courteous, accomplished, and J
gentlemanly. Sir, I do not doubt it. I know not i
how many members of this House may have ac- j
cepted their hospitality. They live, as I learn, |
most luxuriously. And the gentleman tells me j
that my "taste" may be improved by a visit. Sir, J
I have been suffering for some months past with j
that most terrible of all terrible diseases, dyspep- j
sia. I am subject to attacks of "cramp" in the!
stomach. It is not the first time that I have re-
ceded a similar invitation; and although it comes |
from a very high source, and although the organ :
•through whom the communication is made is enti-1 
tied to the highest consideration, 1 must insist on
declining it. Suppose I should go and should be
seized with one of those unfortunate attacks of
cramp and should die, nothing would satisfy my
constituents that I had not been poisoned by the
Jesuits.
Sir, the gentleman has alluded to the ancient Ro-
mans. I suppose he meant the descendants of
Brutus, who have ever been in love with the very
manacles they wear. Why did he not, with his
usual research, extract from the treasures of his-
tory? Why did he not turn to Spain, and point
us to the spectacles of despotism there, presenting
' the realities of blood, civil war, social rage, deso-
lating passion, and consuming ignorance? If not
to Spain, why not turn to Portugal, where Jesuit-
ism has done its worst; where ignorance lies m
abject servitude upon banks of flowers; where as-
sassinations stalk abroad in the open day, secure
of the sanctuary of the church? I will not pursue
this subject. Enough is seen to show us that
where Papal power locks and unlocks the souls of
men to suit her selfish ends, there can never be any
moral or intellectual vitality, any civil or religious
freedom.
But the gentleman tells us that the spirit of lib-
erty is spreading over Europe. If it be so, it is
because the Jesuits have been thrust from power,
and, impotent in the Old World, prepare to make
a last desperate effort here. The gentleman is dis-
tinguished, as we all know, f««r his historical lore.
Has he indeed forgotten that, just as liberty has
advanced m Europe, the power of the Church of
the Seven Hills has been diminished? During the
long night of ecclesiastical despotism, you look in
vain for any recognition of popular rights. It was
the reformation from Popery which, unlocking
the barriers by which the powers of the human
mind and the spirit of free inquiry had been so
long imprisoned, gave the first impulse to civil and
religious liberty in the ancient world; and the his-
tory of free institutions in Europe is, after all,
made up of the continual conflict between ecclesi-
astical domination on the one hand, and the grow-
ing intelligence of the people on the other. It is
true, as the gentleman has said, that we sympa-
thized with Greece in her struggle for freedom. I
feel pioud of my country, and I feel proud of the
great men who vindicated the claims of Greece upon
this floor. She struck for freedom, and America
sympathized, as she will ever sympathize, when
chains are to be broken and men made free. Let
other nations gather m her train, as she waves her
beacon light over the vast expanse that now clothes
m daikness the greater part of the earth.
But let them engage in this work in our spirit.
Let them strike for freedom of thought, freedom of
opinion, freedom in its broad and large sense, be-
fore they ask us to become the vassal of Jesuit
power. The gentleman, indeed, tells us that the
Jesuits are " harmless," and asks why we should
refuse to allow them to " colonize" this country.
Does this need reply ? Sir, go to the district which
you now represent, and ask the widows and or-
phans whom they have made, whether the Jesuits
are "harmless." Go to the tombs of maityrs
who fell m your own district m defence of consti-
tutional rights, and over their hallowed graves in-
quire whether the Jesuits are "harmless." Nay,
look abroad, and as you behold in every nook and
corner of the land the evidence of their presence in
all their subtle and ceaseless activity, poisoning
the streams of education, sapping the Protestant-
ism of your youth, whispering their well-disguised
schemes in the ear of your local legislatures, and
then ask whether the Jesuits are " harmless.'5
Ah! says the gentleman, the Jesuits, in a spirit
of marked Liberality, are busily engaged in England
m the effoit to dissolve the connection between
Church and State. But that happens to be a Pio-
testant hierarchy, and under it Jesuitism cannot
thuve. Their object is surely transparent enough.
They seek a Roman Catholic establishment under
the domination of the Pope.
Mr. MA CLAY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. LEVIN. Certainly.
Mr. MACLAY. Whilst on the subject of
Jesuitism, I would like to propound an inquiry,
which, if not now made, I may not have another
opportunity to make. I was not piesent when the
honorable gentleman delivered his last speech, and
] wish to know if the report of it in the " National
Intelligencer" is a correct one.
My. LEVIN answered affirmatively.
Mr. MACLAY inquired if the following extract
was correctly Reported:
" Sir, there has been and there is a systematic effort now
going on to overthrow American lights and American insti-
tutions by the means to which I have alluded. There are
those who hear me who know full well that, a few years
ago, a distinguished German historian delivered a course of
lectures before the Emperor of Austria and the nobility of-
that country, in which he undertook to show that Euiope's
thrones would remain insecure so long as this example of
tree government existed in the United States. His name
was Schlegel. In his eighteenth lecture, he proceeded to
show how to give solidity to the thrones of tyrants. < Send
jour iefuse population,' said he,' to the United State-', un-
der the contiol of the Jesuits. They will keep the foreign
population separate and distinct from the American. They
will prevent amalgamation, and a distinct political organi-
zation may be "formed. Their ballot-boxes are left
open! You are invited to take i-ossession ok them I
Do this,5 said he, ' and the work is done!3 "
Mr. LEVIN read the extract, and said it was.
Mr. MACLAY. I assert that there is no such
passage in Schlegel's eighteenth lecture, nor in
any other. I have the eighteenth and other lec-
tures in my hand, and defy the gentleman to ver-
ify his quotation. Again, the gentleman, in his
speech, speaks of the Pope's having published an
encyclical letter against slavery in the United
States. Now, sir, there is not one word in this
letter in relation to slavery in the United States.
The allusion in this letter refers to the slave trade
between the States of South America and Africa,
and was but a repetition of the sentiment of en-
lightened men in every section of our country,
North or South, condemnatory of that inhuman
traffic. A bolder attempt to palm off misstate-
ments upon the credulity of this House I have
never witnessed.
Mr. LEVIN. I may be mistaken as to the
name of the author, but I will produce the work
from which the quotation was made. And on the
subject of slavery, it is true the Pope did not use
the term Jlmerican slavery; for- he was granting
his dispensation at the very moment tolerating
slavery in Cuba and Brazil: but you must take
that letter in connection with the letter of Daniel
O'Connell—the text and the commentary. I sup-
pose it is necessary for me to quote, as I did here-
tofore, his exact language: "Where you have the
' electoral franchise, give your votes to none but
' those who will assist you in carrying out the
4 pious intentions of his Holiness the Pope." And
in order to corroborate what I before said on this
subject, I will now quote from Captain Marryat's
Diary, which I suppose my colleague will regard
as authority fully equal to that of his Unitarian
correspondent in the city of London:
a The remark of the author of the Voice from America,
that' aware oi the implacable aversion of the people to mon-
' arehy, the prie.-thood are accm-tomed studiously to adapt
t themselves to this state oj feelingpioves rather to me the
universal subtlety shown by the Catholic clergy, which,
added to their zeal and perseverance, >-o increases the power
of the church. At present Catholicism is, comparatively
speaking, weak in America, and the object of that chinch is-
to become stiong. The) do not, thcicfore. frighten oi alaun
then convert- bj, any prevent *how of the inva>i.;l>ie results,
but are content to bide their time until tiie> shall find them-
selves strong enough to exert tneir power with tiiumpbant
success. The Protestant c:iu?e in America w weak, from
the evil effects ot the voluntary s\stem. paiticularly from us
division into so many -ects. A hou--e divided agam.-t itsc If
cannot long stand ; and every year it will be found that the
Catholic chuich will inciease its powei; and it is- a question
whether a hierarchy may not eventually be raised, which,
so fat fiom advocating the principles oj equality.m?i\ serve as
a chc(k to the spirit of Democracy, becoming moie povveiful
than the. Government, curbing public opinion, and reducing
to better order the present choatic state ol society.
"Judge Haliburton a^eits that all Amenta will be a
Catholic country. That all Amcrica wo,-t of the Alleganics
will eventually be a Cathohc countrj J havenodoubt^ the
Catholics are alr< ady in the majoriu, and theie is nothing,
as Mr. Cooper observes, to pievent any State from estao-
lihhmu th.it or any other religion as the religion of the State,
and tliis is one of the dark clouds which hang ovei the des-
tiny of the western hemispheie.
" The Rev. Mr. Heed sa\s: {It should lealiy teem that the
'Pope, in the fear of «*\pul>ion fmm Etuope, is anxious to
'find a revetsion in this New Woild. Th^ cio\uied heads
'of the continent, having the same enmity to free political
'institution.- which his Holiness has to free religious insti-
1 tutions. willingly unite m the attempt to enthial tins people.
'They have heard of the necessities of the West; thej have
' the foresight to see that the West will become the heart of
6 the counti y, and ultimately determine the cbaiacter of the
4 whole; and they have resolved ta establish themselves theie.
'Laisre, yen, princely giants have been made from the Leo-
{poldSoeif and other sources, chiefly, though by no means
' exclusively, m favor of tin-, poiuon of the empire that i- to
' be. The^e sum-' aie expended in erecting showy churches
4 and colleges, and in sustaining priests and emissaries.
'Ever) tbmci i.i done to captivate, and to liberalize in npp'-ai-
1 anee a -•yr-fem essentially despotic. The sagacity of (lie
'effort is discoveied, m avoiding to attack and shock the
' prejudices of the adult, that they may diieet the education
