1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
above party, he said if he had the record here he
could prove it to the satisfaction of the House and
the country as clear as day that from the first rise
of the party to the present day it had been held in
the market by its leader, and again and again sold"
to the highest bidder^ He could show how the
Jeadeis had held themselves for sale, ana had ac-
tually sold themselves to the Whig party, like cat-
tle in the market, transferring their votes by hun-
dreds and thousands to certain Whig candidates,
and in return receiving in payment Whig votes for
certain of their candidates. This bargain and sale
of the party was too notorious, he said, to need
proof, and if it did, the records of all the elections
in and about Philadelphia for the last few years
bore ample and shameful evidence of the fact.
Why, (said Mr. B.,) these very commissioners
of Spring Garden, who had taken it upon them-
selves to instruct him,.owed their election to this
same bargaining means. Yet, in the face of all
this, and in the face of his attempt to transfer them
now to his new friends of the South, has the gen-
tleman the assurance to stand up and say the Na-
tive Americans love their country better than their
party?
In reference to the remarks of Mr Dickey, he
said he thought the gentleman, in placing his op-
position to these missions on the ground that Pres-
ident Folk recommended them as a means of buying
Roman Catholic votes, had taken a course as ob-
jectionable as that of. his other colleague. The
President,recommended these missions because he
thought they would subserve the interests of the
country. Ihe question whether we had commer-
cial intercourse before we established diplomatic
relattons should not be taken into consideration.
It had been the policy of Great Britain not to take
it into the account. She had attained her commer-
cial lank by having her repiesentatives in the dif- |
ferent parts of the world, even before their markets
were opened, so as to avail herself of the earliest
advantages of them, so he thought the United
States ought'to do. Their extended and extending
commerce—the awakening everywhere over the
earth of new sources of commerce, and of new po-
litical ideas—demanded of them to extend their
amicable relattons far and wide, and have agents
wherever an American citizen or an American flag
were to be found. The cost was nothing, compareu
to the advantages that would ultimately result to
them and to the world.
U was no party political question which was
involved in tnesc missions. In his district the
. majority of the Catholic vote might belong to the
Democratic party; yet they were divided, and in
and about Philadelphia many of them belonged to
the Whig party. Jn Ohio the Catholics had been i
arrayed, not long since, agiiinst the Democratic !
party. He appealed to gentlemen fioni Ohio for j
the correctness of the assertion. They had been j
induced there to think that the Whig party wore
their true friends. This attack, then, upon Mr. j
Polk, that he recommended these missions for the |
purchase of Catholic votes, was gratuitous and j
incendiary. Mr. Polk wanted no votes. It was
an attempt, therefore, of his colleague from the
Beaver district, more bitterly to array the parties
against each other. He deprecated this whole sys-
tem of drugging the religious opinions of men into
our political contestu; and he could say, that in all
he had said in the city and county of Philadelphia
for twenty years past, he had never attempted to
make political capital out of the religious profes-
sions and opinions of men. He deprccated that
either of his colleagues should have taken this in-
cendiary position here. If it were all true, as his
colleague had asserted, that Rome—-the Pope, the
cardinals, and everything else there, were linked
against our republican institutions, and forming
their schemes to control ns, it was the very reason
why we should have a minister there to watch at
the fountain-head these movements, to acquaint
himself with the transactions in the secret conclaves
of the Pope. Where were we to send our minis-
ters, if not to the places so pregnant for evil or for
good to our institutions and our people?
But he apprehended no such danger. As his
colleague [Mr. C. J. Ingf.rsoll] had said,looking
at the'siate of things now in Rome, did not the
American heart beat in unison with that of Pope
Pius in his efforts for the amelioration of the con-
dition of the Italians ? But even supposing, as had
been said, that the Pope proposed no spiritual,
and but little political reform, were not his efforts
to improve the physical condition of his people
worthy of American sympathy and American sup-
port ? Where was the American heart that did not
rejoice to see the Italy of the present day, with all
its deserted plains and ruined cities—with all its
Lazzaroni, its sculptors and painters, so sneeringly
intruded into this debate by his colleague from
the first district-—all rivalling again that Italy of
classic memory, so dear to every lover of beauty,
of genius, of liberty, and of greatness? Where was
the American citizen who would not rejoice to see
the Roman soldier again on the threatre of the
world—not fighting for extended empire, as of
yore, but fighting for the extension of the empire
of freedom ?
Mr. COCKE moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and under its operation the
House refused to reconsider.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now put.
The main question was accordingly put, viz:
Shall the bill pass? and it was decided in the af-
firmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashmun, Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Bel-
chei, Bird.-all, Black, lilanchard, Bocoek, Bolts, iiowdon,
Uoivlin, Boyd, Boydon, Brady, Budget, Urodhead, Ohailes
Brown, Burt, Butler, Catlicait, Chapman, Chase, Franklin
Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Clmginan, Howell Cobb, William-
son U. W. Cobb, Cocke, Coilina, Conger, Cranston, Crozicr,
Daniel, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Lonnell, Duer, Carnctt
Duncan, Dunn, lid-all, Einbree, Alexander Kvans, Farun,
Pe«ulier.sion, Flcklin, Flournoy, Fiend), Fulion, Camcs, '!
(Jayle, Gnggm, Gott, Green, Wdlaid J? Hall, llauip- !i
ton, iiuruunson, Harris, Haskell, Henley, Hill, Eha* B. 1
Holmes, George S. Houston, Hunt, Inge, Chailes J. In-
gejvoll, Irvin, I ver^on, Jackson, Jameson,ltobrit W. John-
son, John VV, Jones, KelJoirg, Kennon, Lalim, La SCie,
Sidney Lawiencc, Loftier, Lincoln, Lord, Maclay, McClel-
land, MeClcrmtmi, McDowell, McK.i). Mi-Lane, Mann,
Marvin, Miller, JYlorrlu'sid, Morns, Muliin, Murphy, Nel-
t>on, Nes, Outlaw, Peaslee, Pock, Petite, Peyton, Pollock,
Preston, Putnam, Rlieit, Kiehaidson, Uichey, fcobinson,
ltocklull, Ituiuse>, Si. John, Sawyer, Shepperd, Silvester,
Sims, Wmatt, Robert Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Strong, Ta\ lor, Tiubodeaux, Thomas, James Thomp-
son, Ilicluud VV. Thomson, John B. Thompson, Robert A.
Thompson, William Thompson, Turner, Venable, Vinton,
Warren, White, Wick, Williams, and Woodward—137.
NAY'S—Messrs. Cunby, Nathan Evans, Ftshei, biddings,
Hale, Henry, Hudson, Daniel P. King, Levin, M rsh, Pal-
frey, Julius Rockwell, Hoot, Strohm, and Van Dyke—-15.
So the bill was passed in the following form, to
wit:
Bcil enacted, $*c., That the following sums be? and the
same, are hereby, appropnated, to supply deficiencies, ni the
appropmUioii!* for the service of the lit.cn! year ending June
1848, viz:
For pay of one additional clerk in the olhee ot
the Filth Auditor, rendered nece-nary by the
increase oi light house business, at .^Ot) per
annum, from June 1, 18-17, to June 3D, Itf 18... $865 1)4
Foi e.\iui clerlv line loi the; ^cttlenu nf ol the
nicieitsi of hiMm\-s in the othce ol the See-
ietai\ ot the Navy, oeea-ioited by the Mexi-
can war 
For salary of the jmlue of the s-outhein disinct
of Flouda, per act of Febi nary '23, 1847, from
March 3, 1817, to June 30, 1848, at .^OIjO per
annum ! 
Foi halancs of district attorney and matshal of
the southern district of Florida, per saineact,
from March 3,1847,to June 3U, ib48, atqjQOO
each per annum 
For salaries of the two keepers of the public
archives in Florida, per act of March 3,18*25
Provided, That so much of said act of March 3,
18-25, tis authorizes the appointment of two
keepers of the public archives shall be and
the same is hereby repealed, from and aftei
June 30, 1848; and in the mean tune u shall
be the duly of the Secretary of the Treasury
to eau-e the said aichives to be removed to
some public othce m the State of Florida, to
be designated by the President of the United
States, there to be salely kept.
For expenses of thitiy-five ImlH houses, includ-
ing oil and other annual j-uppluv-, delivering
the same, andrcpniiing the lighting apparatus
for tour bundled and twenty lamps; salaries
of thirty-five keeper-., at the livwd average of
$400 per annum; ami also all other expenses
lor six months  22,740 00
For one new floating light, including the keep-
er's salaiy,§650atand all other expenses, for
nine mouths  2,316 00
For additional expenses of sundry new buoys,
lor mx months , J ,61)0 00
For additional expenses of a temporary float
ing light at Sand Key, Florida, in lieu of the
light house destroyed theie  1,500 00
For superintendents commission on .$28,246,
at 2$ percent  706 15
Foi contingent expenses, under the aet lor the
collection, safekeeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue, of August
6,1646.. .  5,000 00
For per diem compensation for clerk employed
in the Adjutant General's office  1,000 00
For per diem compensation of clerk employed
in Ordnance Office  $1,098 00
For per diem compensation for eight clerks em-
ployed, and such additional number of clerks
<is the exigencies of the public service may
require to be employed temporarily by the
Commissioner of Pensions, with the appro-
bation and consent of the Secretary of War,
during the present fiscal year, on bounty-land
business m the Pension Office, at a rate not
exceeding $3 33 per day  15,690 96
For contingent expenses of the Pension Office.. 1,000 00
For clerks in the office of the Secretary of War,
being an unexpended balance of the appro-
priation remaining on the 30th of June for
that purpose  291 85
For outfits of charges des afPairesto Naples, the
Papal Slates, and the republics of Bolivia,
Guatemala, and Ecuador  22,500 00
For one quarter's salary for each of the charges
des affaires to the Papal States, Bolivia, Gua-
temala. and Ecuador  4,500 00
For salary of the consul at Beyroot, from Au-
gust 4, 1846, to June 30, 1848   953 80
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to em-
ploy such additional number of clerks in the
office of the Second Auditor (at a per diem of
not more than $3 33 for each clerk) as are re-
quired by the exigencies of the service  15,000 00
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries  20,000 00
Army.
For regular supplies, incidental expenses, and
transportation in the Quartermaster's depart-
ment of the army  5,000,000 00
For clothing of the army, camp and garrison
equipage, including §160,000 for clothing to
volunteers, in lieu of commutation tberolor.. 1,120,000 00
For subsistence in kind, in addition to $1,000,-
00i) appropriated at the present session  2,937,939 74
For pay of volunteers called into service during
thepie<ent fiscal year  3,611,000 00
For medical and hospital department  64,500 00
For puicha-e of ordnance, ordnance stores, and
supplies  300,000 00
For expense of arbitrating the title to the Pea
Patch Island  5,000 00
Marine Corps.
For provisions  16,104 00
For clothing  36,300 00
For fuel      3,777 00
For military stores  3,500 00
For transportation and expenses of reci uiting.. 5,000 00
For contingencies  6,000 00
For paying James Crutchett for lighting the Cap-
itol and grounds  2,000 10
Src. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That the sum of $800,-
000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, for clothing in
kind to volunteers, for the fiscal year ending the 30tli of
June, 1849, agreeably to the aet entitled " An act to provide
clothing for volunteers m the service of the United States,>>
approved the S6th of January, 1848; and that so much of
said sum of $800,000 as the President shall direct, is hereby
authorized to be applied to the purchase of said clothing
during the current fiscal year.
The House then adjourned.
6,000 00 i
2,661 12
1,000 00
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 8, 1848.
Mr. SEVIER presented a geographical and com-
mercial memoir on the present slate, production,
tiade, and commeice of Siberia, Manchurior, and
the Asiatic islands of the Northern Pacific Ocean,
and on the importance of opening commercial inter-
course therewith.
Mr. S. characterized the document as one con-
taining much valuable information. It was from
Aaron H. Palmer, a corresponding rftember of the
National Institute, and was addressed to the Pres-
ident. It was referred to the Committee on the
Library, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Forwardsville, Virginia, asking Congress
to consider the expediency of endeavoring to effect
such change in the laws as shall appropriate the
proceeds of the public lands in aid of the extinc-
tion of slavery, and appointing commissioners,
whose duty it shall be, under such conditions as
Congress shall prescribe, to purchase and emanci-
pate female children born prior to 1856, and making
annual appropriations on a pledge of said public
lands, with a declaratory act that from and* after
1856 there shall be no hereditary slavery, and all
born after that date shall be free.
Mr. W. moved its reference to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. MASON said he had no knowledge of the
quarter whence this petition had emanated. He
believed that when petitions of this character were
presented, it was the practice of the Senate to lay
the motion for their reception on the table. He
hoped that course would be taken in the present
case, and, for that purpose, he would object to the
reception of the petition.
Mr, WEBSTER said he would tell the Senator
that the petition came from his own constituents—
