446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
from the State of Virginia. Of the petitioners he
had no knowledge; but the object of the petition
was similar to the proposition made by a distin-
guished citizen twenty years ago. He had pre-
sented this petition without saying anything in
favor or disfavor of it. He was not at all anxious
as to the direction which might be given to it; and
if the Senator from Virginia would take the respon-
sibility of pointing out the course it should take,
it would obtain his acquiescence, although he had
thought it did not come within the rule alluded to
by the Senator.
The question of reception was then laid on the
table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from S. P.
Arden, asking that exchange periodical publica-
tions may be exempted from postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,
Mr. BRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of making com-
pensation to the adjutant general of that State for
his services in raising and organizing two regiments
of volunteers for the service of the United States
in the war with Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Resohed, That the Committee on Commeice be instructed
toinqunemto the expediency of establishing a custom-house
at the port of Biioxi, in the county ot Harrison, and State
ot Mississippi.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for the erection of
a light-house on the west end of Ship Island, situated in the
Gulf of Mexico, of the coast of Mississippi; also, for a light-
house on said coast, at Mississippi City.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquue into the expediency of establishing a
navy-jaid at the harbor of "Cat" and "Ship Island," off
the coast of Mississippi, for the protection ot our merchant
marine engaged m the commerce of the Gulf of Mexico,
and lor the lepair and construction of public vessels.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, fifteen hundred
extra copies of the report of the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office on the petition of
Herrick Aiken were ordered to be printed for the
use of the Patent Office.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill to change the name of the
steamboat Charles Downing to the " Calhoun,"
without amendment.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to provide a
free communication across the Eastern Branch, in ;
the District of Columbia; which was read a first
time. |
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. DOWNS hoped the bills from the House
might be read and referred; some of them were of
importance, and particularly that relating to the
Supreme Court.
Mr. SEVIER would make no objection as to
that particular bill, but he should certainly object
to the others being taken up.
The House bill supplemental to the act entitled
"An act concerning the Supreme Court of the
United States," approved 17th June, 1844, was
then read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senate then, at twenty minutes past twelve
o'clock, proceeded to the consideration of Execu-
tive business, and remained therein until eight
o'clock, when the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 9, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MURPHY, on leave, presented the memorial
of the New York Histoiical Society in relation to
the manner of taking the next census. Read and
referi ed.
?vlr. STEPHENS mo\ed to reconsider the vote
by winch the Hill further to supply deficiencies in
the appropriation for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1843, was passed; and moved the previous
question thereon.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table. The ques-
tion having been taken and decided in the affirm-
ative, the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. VINTON, on leave, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1849,
and for other purposes. Read and committed.
Mr. BOTTS, on leave, presented a communica-
tion from the War Department, respecting the'pay-
ment of freight on the remains of deceased officers
of the army shipped from Mexico. Read and re-
ferred.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked leave to introduce
the following joint resolutions:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, Tiiat the
President b<*, and lie hereby i*, autnorized to cauie certifi-
cates to be pit-pared on parchment of suitable size and with
appropriate devices, to be presented to each othcer, non-
commissioned officer, musician, and puvate, of the regular
forces and volunteers, who has seived or ma\ --etve in the
present war with Mexico, during the term for which he
entered the army, or until he ha> been or shall be honorably
discharged from tbe service, which shall be signed by the
Pie&idcnt anil sealed with the seal of the War Department,
and countersigned by the Secretary of War; which certifi-
cate shall set foith the term of service of the officer, non-
i commissioned officer, musician, or private, and the battle
i or battles; in which he has been or mav be engaged, together
| with all .-pedal acts ot distinguished gallantry performed by
: him in the service.
! Jind be d farther resolved, That it shall be the duty of the
Pre-nlent to cause such measures to be taken as he may
deem most expedient and best calculated to piocure correct
information as to the services ol the officer*, non-comiiu^-
sioned otficcrs, musicians, and pnvates, who have serwd,
or may seive. in the present war with Mexico, to enable
him to carry into effect the forpgoiiigiesolulion.
*dnd be it further resolved, That when any officer, non-
commissioned officer, musician, or private, has been, or may
be, killed in battle, or has died, or may die, in the service,
the ceitificate afoiesaid shall be presented to his family.
Mr. STEPHENS objected. This whole sub-
ject (he said) was now, by resolution of the House,
before the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McLANE. Not in this shape.
Mr. STEPHENS (continuing.) That commit-
tee will doubtless in due time make a suitable
report, and put in proper form the sense of this
House touching the merits and services of all the
subordinate officers _of ouraimy in the battles m
Mexico. And until that committee should report,
he would object to the introduction of such resolu-
tions as those now offered.
The resolution was not received.
SOLDIERS BOUNTY LANDS.
The SPEAKER announced, as the subject first
for the consideration of the House, the bill report-
ed by Mr. Evans, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to amend an act entitled "An
act to raise for a limited time an additional military
fo rce, and for other purposes," approved February
11, 1847, upon which two questions were pend-
ing, viz: the question on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Richardson, of Illinois, and the
question on the motion of Mr. Giddings, that the
bill be committed to a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, who was entitled
to the floor, on appeal by Mr. Brown, of Penn-
sylvania, yielded to that gentleman for explana-
tion.
Mr. BROWN said this was the first time in the
course of eighteen years' legislation on this floor
and elsewhere, that he had asked the opportunity
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER interposed, and remarked, that
he must state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that, the question having been announced, no per-
sonal explanation was in order.
Mr. BROWN appealed to the gentleman from
Maryland if he did not give way to him.
Mr. EVANS replied thathe was willing to yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if it did not
come out of his time.
Mr. ROOT rose and objected to any personal
explanation.
Mr. BROWN said he only asked five minutes,
and if he went beyond that time, he hoped gentle-
men would call him to order.
The SPEAKER repeated that no personal ex-
planations were m order, and that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evans] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BROWN. If the gentleman yields it, am
I not in order?
Mr. EVANS still manifested his willingness to
yield to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mary-
land yields the floor, he loses his right fo it.
Mr. EVANS declined then to yield, and was
about to proeeod, when—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
question of order. He made the point that the
gentleman from Maryland had once spoken, and
was not again entitled to the floor until every gen-
tleman who wished had spoken.
Mr. EVANS said he had not spoken. He had
never taken five minutes of the hour of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired of the Chair if the
gentleman from Maryland had not spoken?
The SPEAKER replied that he had not upon
the immediate pending question.
Mr. EVANS then took the floor, and, before
proceeding with his remarks, said he desired that
the report made by the Committee on Public Lands,
accompanying this bill, should be read. It was
very short.
Tfie report was read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BROWN again rose, and desired to address
to the gentleman from Maryland a question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland give way?
Mr. EVANS yielded for this purpose.
Mr. BROWN wished to put himself before this
House, before his constituents, and the country, in
the proper light. He wished to put to the gentle-
man from Maryland a question connected with
what took place in the House yesterday.
The SPEAKER. Unless the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania apply to the subject
under consideration, it is not competent for the
gentleman from Maryland to give way to them.
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order. He
wished to submit to the Chair whether or not the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had the right to ask
the gentleman from Maryland whether such or
such a passage occurred upon this floor yester-
day?
The SPEAKER. If it relates to the question
before the House. If not, it is out of order.
Mr. EVANS resumed the floor, and caused to
be read the 9th section of the act of the last session
of Congress giving bounty lands to non-commis-
sioned officeis, musicians, and privates, in the war
with Mexico.
Now (Mr. E. said) by the construction which
had been put upon this act by the War Department,
which the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Pollock] the other day seemed to think not
! wairanted, but which seemed to him (Mr. E.) a
very fair construction, these non-commissioned of-
ficers, musicians, and pnvates—no matter how they
had distinguished themselves; no matter how freely
they had poured out their blood in Mexico; no
matter what sacrifices they had made in leaving
their country and going into a far distant land; no
matter by what merit, or on account of what ser-
vice they had received their promotion—by the
very fact of promotion lost their 160 acres of land.
This was the decision of the department—and a
very correct decision he thought it was—upon this
act of the last Congress. Yet nothing could be
plainer than that, when the soldier had served
his whole term of enlistment except within a few
days, and was promoted, nothing could be more
just than they should receive their bounty lands.
As was said by the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] the other day, there had
been cases where soldiers had actually been com-
pelled to accept promotions which they would not
have done had they known that such would have
been the construction of the department.
This bill was similar in its character to the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill from the Committee on Military Affairs 
which the gentleman from Indiana (Air. Wick]
snid he drew up—provided substantially for the
very same matter provided for by this bill from the
Committee on Public Lands. They differed slight-
ly in their form. He had seen the other bill, and
from a careful examination of it, ho preferred the
bill reported by him from the Committee of Public
Lands, and therefore he could not consent to sub-
stitute the other for this.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Pol-
lock] had spoken of the soldiers of the last war—■
the war of 1812—and inquiied why they were not
provided for. It was lus (Mr. E.'s) impression
that they were provided for by divers acts. But if
they had not been provided for, it should be done
by a heparate bill. However, he bad not intended
to occupy the time of the House, and he should
conclude with a motion which he intended as no
