448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9.
few words on a bill of this character. If any gen-
tleman doubted the correctness of what he had
stated, let him go to the record and he would find
it to be true; if not, Mr. S. should then be ready-
to make to him the amende honorable. His district
had sent two regiments to fight the battles of the
country, and it was ready to send two more, if
they were needed. Mr. S. might say, in relation
to his own action in regard to these volunteers, that
in an early stage of the proceedings of Congress
in regard to the war, Mr. S. had given notice of
his intention to introduce a bill to provide for the
very cases contained in the present bill. But be-
fore he had had an opportunity to bring in the bill,
the Committee on Military Affairs had reported
one for the same objects.
Mr. S. was in favor of the bill reported from the
Military Committee and also from the Committee
on the Public Lands. He thought that the amend-
ment which had been moved by his colleague
[Mr. Richardson] was just in its principle; he
went for the distinction it contained; but certainly
it would be gross injustice to exclude from the
benefit of the land bounty private soldiers who for
merit had been promoted to commissions on the
field. Mr. S. concurred in the belief that the con-
struction put upon the original bill at the Pension
Office was wrong; but he had an amendment
which he proposed to offer, which in its results
would confer more benefits and on more men than
the present bill. It had regard to many cases which
■were continually occurring: in the new States.
There were many men in his district, who, prior
to going into the service, had made improvements
on Government lands, which they had not been able
to pay for; and after having served out the term for
which they entered the army, they have been pre-
vented entering the lands which they had made
valuable by their toil and sweat, by the construc-
tion given by some of the Federal officers to the
laws, granting them bounty lands.
Mr. S. said, the main object he had in rising was
to propose an amendment, which was highly im-
portant to all the soldiers who went from the States
in which there were public lands. It was to enable
those entitled to locate these bounty land warrants
to do so, in tracts of forty or eighty acres, as they
might deem most for the/r interest.
Mr. S. would like to move this as a new section !
to the bill; but, as he presumed that would not
now be in order, he would propose it as an amend- i
ment to the amendment offered by his colleague. I
He held it to be proper to allow these soldiers to '
enter their land m tracts of eighty and of forty ;
acres, and not require them to take their one bun- j
dred and sixty acres all in a body. Would gen- I
tinmen force these brave and faithful men to take .
all their bounty in woodland or all of it in prairie? |
He presumed not. By allowing them to enter it !
in smaller tracts, the amendment would go to ben- 1
efit a hundred men where the bill as it now stood
would benefit one.
Mr. EVANS said, that there-was a bill for this
very purpose now before the Land Committee.
Mr. SMITH replied, that that was very pos-
sible—so there were many other bills before the
committees of the House which might never be-
come laws. Mr. S. was for embracing the present
moment: he wanted this provision, notin the shape
of a separate bill, to be reported at some future
day, but to have it added now as an amendment to
a bill which was on the way to its passage.
The CHAIR reminded Mr. Smith, that since ■
the offering of the amendment of his colleague, j
[Mr. Richardson,] a motion had been made to
commit the bill. No further amendment was in
order till that motion was decided.
Mr. Smith's amendment was as follows: ;
"And that the land warrants foi military services in the !
piesent war with Mexico, i^upd in pursuance of the 9th I
section of the act of Februarj 11, J847, to raise, for a limued |
time, an additional military foice, and for othei purposes,
may he located by the wariaritee, or h)« heirs at law. m
foir'y or eighty acre tract*, at any land office in the United
State-*, upon any of the public binds in such distuct subject
to piivate entiy, or upon any lands improved by Hip war-
lantee, or hi- hens at law, or to which ha or his heirs may
have secured a preemption ii^lH; and the provisions of this
section ■•hall apply to the cut-os provided for in this act."
A brief conversation ensued between Mr. PICK-
LIN and Mr. SMITH, of Illinois.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said it appeared
to him that the House did not look at this matter
in a correct light. Many of them seemed to regard
it as a bill brought in here to cover a very large
number of cases. Now the fact was that the bill. 1
whenever it passed, would not apply to more than
three or four hundred cases at most. Its object
was only to supply a defect in the bill of the last
session; or, more justly, it was a declaratory act—
declaratory of the intent and meaning of the act of
the last session, because from the very terms and
language of that act these very cases were embraced
therein, when by the construction of the depart-
ment they were put out, and thereby this bill was
rendered necessary.
The motion had been made to refer this bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs. Why, the
proposition to refer to another standing committee
was nothing more than a reflection upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, who had reported it. He
would like to know what peculiar and superior
right the Committee on Military Affairs had to the
consideration of this subject. It related equally to
the business of each. He would like to ask where
was the opposition to this bill? Gentlemen on the
other side could reproach this side bitterly. The
opposition was not on the other side. It was
among the Democracy. If there were those who
wanted to defeat it, let them get up and say so
boldly, openly. He asked, therefore, that the bill
might be voted upon by yeas and nays.
This was no extraoidinary bill; it was merely
declaratory of the act of last session. It was true
that there was a defect in the bill as reported, but
it was a defect which was amply supplied and pro-
vided against by the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois. He said let this bill pass as it
stood. It provided for all the cases for which it
intended to provide; and let these other cases
which it was sought to provide for come up in
some separate bill. He knew that every time they
loaded a bill in this House with additional amend-
ments they endangered the bill itself, or ran the
risk of wearying the House until the most just and
righteous act was sacrificed here. He called for
the yeas and nays, and he hoped that the bill might
be sustained, and the question taken upon the mer-
its of the bill. He understood that the Committee
on Military Affairs had reported a bill which was
identical with the bill before the House. It seemed
to him, then, that the object of referring it back to
the committee, or rather to a different committee,
was to produce delay and to defeat the bill. The
I bill and amendments as they were now presented—
as every man could see by examining them—made
ample provision for granting justice to those brave
and patriotic citizens who had gone to war, and at
the same time effectually guarded the public treas-
ury. He called upon Democrats to sustain it, and
to sustain the motion he was about to make; for
he did not want the Whigs to have all the honor
[ of passing this measure. He demanded the pre-
| vious question.
1 Mr. HASKELL appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw his demand for a few moments, to allow
I him to make a few very brief suggestions, which he
thought would remove the difficulties under which
' gentlemen labored with reference to this bill.
I Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion on a pledge
1 from Mr. H. that he would renew it.
! Mr. HASKELL said he thought he had a propo-
sition which, if this House would adopt it, would
; enable them to dispose of this whole matter intel-
; li^ibly, and in a manner to meet the views of all.
; He held in his hand a substitute for the bill, which
| he had lately drawn up, and which he wished to
have read for the information of the House.
: [The proposed substitute was read by the Clerk,
' and declared that promotion should be considered
; equivalent to an " honorable discharge," and re-
pealed the proviso in the bounty-land law of the
! last session.]
! Mr. H. said he understood that the great object
! sought to be accomplished by this bill was to give
; to each officer who was elected after having enlist-
! ed as a private the bounty lands which were offered
I as an inducement to enlist. The decision of the
i department excluded the officers. Now, if the bill
f which he proposed should be taken by the House
j as a substitute for the bill reported, it explained
the act of 11th February, 1847, and operated as a
certain and sure guide to the department in making
its decision. It covered all cases; it covered the
case of every individual who had been mustered
into the service of the United States as a private,
and who had been subsequently promoted.
The proviso which this bill proposed to repeal
was this. [He read the proviso of the act of the
last session, which provided that nothing contained ;
in the section should be construed to give bounty
lands to such volunteers as had been mustered into
service and discharged without being marched to
the seat of battle.] This proviso was manifestly
unjust. If the private was mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States he might contract disease
before he marched one mile from the place of ren-
dezvous; and if he was taken sick ana died before
; he reached the seat of war, he died as much in the
■ service of his country as if he fell by the bullets of
the enemy. This proviso was wrong on its very
face. The bill which he offered covered all classes
of cases, and rendered unnecessary all the manifold
amendments which had been suggested to the bill
under consideration.
Mr. HARALSON inquired, whether the sub-
stitute embraced cases of promotion in the regular
army ?
Mr. HASKELL. There are no such promo-
tions in the regular army.
Mr. HARALSON entertained a different opinion.
Mr. HASKELL, in compliance with his pledge,
renewed the demand for the previous question.
In reply to inquiries by Messrs. THOMPSON,
of Mississippi, and McLANE—
The SPEAKER stated that the previous ques-
tion, if sustained, would cut off the motion to refer,
and bring the House to a direct vote—first, upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, and
next on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, before the ques-
tion on seconding the demand for the previous
question was taken, wished to raise a question of
order, which was, perhaps,, as peitinent here as it
would be in any place. He did not make it, he
remarked, because he was opposed to the bill. He
intended to vote'for it. It was this: thatas the bill
made an appropriation of lands, and in its alternate
provisions also made an appropriation of money,
it must, under the rules of the House, go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
unless two-thirds of the House voted that itshould
be passed now; and, this being the case, if the pre-
vious question were sustained, would it not—in-
stead of bringing the House to a direct vote upon
the amendment, and then upon the engrossmentof
the bill, which would otherwise be the main ques-
tion—bring the House to vote first upon the refer
ence ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman fiom Alabama and the House, that, in
case this bill involved upon its face an appropria-
tion of money, the previous question, if sustained,
would bring the House to vote upon the reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The Chair did not, however, regard this
as a bill which necessarily went to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. There
was hardly a bill which came before the House
which did not necessarily involve some expendi-
ture; yet, if it did not on its face contain an appro-
priation of money, it was not lequired to go to the
committee. There was no rule which required
that a bill which made an appropriation of the pub-
lic lands should be referred, nor was there any
precedent for it. The rule, moreover, required
that all proceedings touching the appropriation of
money must be first discussed in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If this, then,
was an appropriation bill, the whole discussion had
been out of order. The Chair, however, regarded
this as a mere declaratory act, explanatory of the
act of last session, giving a construction to that act
contrary to the construction given to it by the De-
partment of War. He was, therefore, of the opin-
ion, that if the previous question were sustained,
it would cut off the motion to refer, and bung the
House to a vote—first upon the amendment, and
then upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON—remarking that he believed
that it had been the universal practice of the House,
whenever the public property was to be appro-
priated, to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that every
consideration which would produce a rule requir-
ing appropriations of money to 2.0 to the Commit-
tee oi the Whole on the state of the Union would
also require a bill appropriating the public property
to go there—appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the appeal on
the table.
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
