THE CONGRESSIOMLGLOBE;
PRINTED AND
PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
No. 2?.
New Series
THURSDAY, MARCH 16, 1848
30th Congress, 1st Session.
The question then i*ecurring on seconding; the
demand for the previous question, it was taken,
and decided in the negative: Ayes 42, noes not
counted.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer.
Mr. EMBREE referred, as his apology for
troubling the House with a single remark, to cer-
tain instructions which he had lately received from
his constituents. He was in favor of referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union, for the purpose of making some amend-
ments. He thought that the soldiers of the late
war with Great Britain ought to bo included in
this or some other measure of this kind; and he
feared, if this bill were brought to a direct vote,
that many gentlemen would vote for it who might
not be so careful to vote for granting the same ben-
efits to those who aided in the defence of our coun-
try in the war of 1812. He was in favor of referring
this bill, and then of making it the special order for
some particular day.
Gentlemen had stated that the reference of the
bill was calculated to create delay. He thought
there had been a delay of thirty-six years in doing
justice to those who had exhibited equal valor and
equal patriotism in former times in defence of their j
country's honor and rights. By refer* ing this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the amendments he desired could be pro-
posed, as well as other amendments which gentle-
men miaht consider necessary to place the bill in
its best shape, and they would be brought to a di-
rect vote upon them. He could not conceive why
it was that a spirit at this time was so clearly dis-
played in this House of willingness to make these
grants to those who had been or might be engaged
in the present war with Mexico, and of unwilling-
ness to render an equal measure of justice to those
■who fought in the last war with Great Britain.
That was a war with a Power rich in the munitions
of war and in ail pecuniary means*, with a Power
whose navy made her the boasted mistress of the
seas. We had then to contend with enemies in
the heart of our country, and our brave soldiers
then displayed as much valor in meeting them and
driving them from our coasts as had been exhibited
in the present war; and it appeared to him that the
same Kind and just spirit should he manifested to-
waids both classes of our citizens.
Kor thc*e ie«Mons be was in favor of the refer-
ence to (he Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union, and of making it the special order j
for an early day.
The question being taken, it was decided in the ;
affirmative. j
So the bill and amendments were referred to 1
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
REPORTS FllOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the Committee on Public
Lands* reported a bill to authorize the Legislature
of the State of Illinois to sell and convey the bal-
ance of the lands reserved and granted to said State
for the use of the Ohio Saline. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. HUNT moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table. Disagreed to.
Mr. EVANS,of Maryland, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the bill of
the House to amend an act entitled u An act to
raise for a limited time an additional military force,
and for other purposes," approved February 11,
1847, reported the same back to the House, with
the lecommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. E. moved to lay the bill on the fable, and
that it be primed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired of the Chair
upon what question the sense of the House could
be tested on (his bill.
The SPEAKER replied, that if the motion to
lay on the table failed, the question would then be
on the engrossment of the bill.
The question being taken on laying on the table,
it was decided in the negative.
29
Mr. POLLOCK moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, desired that this ques-
tion should be brought before the House during
the present session of Congress. It had been sug-
gested to him, that if this reference were made, the
bill might not again be reached. He trusted, how-
ever, that it would be, and he should then give his
reasons why the bill ought to pass, and should
endeavor to show that it would not only redound
to the honor of the General Government, but to
the benefit of those widows ami orphans whose
husbands and fathers had poured out their blood
upon the battle-fields of Mexico. It was a bill
that should receive the favorable consideration of
the House.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was referred.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, made adverse reports on the
petitions of George P. Bloom arid Henry S. Bloom,
and of Martin Sled, Mary King, Tottenger Scbne-
bel, Allen Sink, Joseph Porterfield, and Henry
Keeton. Laid on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of John S.
Conger. Read and committed. j
Mr. ST. JOHN", from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report
on the petition of Mary Matthews Nowland. Laid
on the table.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill authorizing postmasters at county
seats of justice to receive subscriptions for news-
papers and periodicals, to be paid through the
agency of the Post Office Depai tment, and for other
purposes. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a joint
resolution for the relief of II. M. Barney. Read
and committed.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred the
Senate, bill for the relief of Jones and Boker, re-
ported the same back to the House with an amend-
ment, Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a hill ;
to revive the act entitled " An act to provide for !
the payment of horses and other property lost or I
destroyed in the military service of the United j
States,'' approved Janunrv 38, IK37, and the acts I
approved October J4, ]8.'!7, and August 23, 1842,
amendatory of the same, reported it back to the I
House without amendment. Committed. i
Also, a bill to amend the act entitled "An act to ,
regulate the proceedings in the circuit courts of the
United States and for other purposes," passed
August 8, 184S. The bill was read a first and
second time.
Mr. I. asked that the bill might be put upon its
passage.
After some conversation between Messrs. IN-
GERSOLL, WHITE, and DUER—
Mr. JENKINS moved to commit the.bill to the
Committee of the Whole. Disagreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same committee,
reported bills to abolish the use of certain oaths at
the custom-houses of the United Slates, and for '
other purposes, and to abolish public executions
in certain cases. Read and e.omnuttcd.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Alexander Hunter, marshal of the District of Co-
lumbia. Bead and committed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Captain Samuel Jones,
deceased. Read and committed.
Mr. OUTLAW, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Joseph Savage, deceased. Read and com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. OUTLAW, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
consideration of the petition of William Champlin.
Laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of George A. Barmtz,
husband of Margaret Barnitz, the only surviving
heir of Lieutenant Colonel David Grier, of the
array of the Revolution, authorizing the Secretary
of War. to issue a duplicate of land warrant No.
1 469, which originally issued in favor of Adam
Hart,February 3,1829; which bills were severally
read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of the legal representa-
tives of Lieutenant George Brent. Laid on the
table.
Mr. MORRIS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Nathan Beaid.
Laid on the table.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse icport on the peti-
tion of the heirs and legal representatives of Wil-
liam Marshal. Laid on the table.
Mr. HARM ANSON, from the same commit-
tee, reported bills for the relief of Sarah D. Cald-
well, wi'e of James H. Bingham; for the relief of
Edna Hickman, wife of Alexander D. Peck; and
for the relief of the heirs of John Wood, deceased;
which hills were severally read and referred.
Mr. WICK, from the same committee,reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
William McFarland, deceased. Read and com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. BOTTS, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the consid-
eration of the resolution of the Legislature of In-
diana, m relation to the compensation of the ad ju-
tant general of said State ; from the petition of
James S. Abel, asking Congress to increase the
pay of military storekeepers; from the petition of
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, for a
law to place the ordnance men of the United States
army on the same footing with the other soldiers
of the regular army, so far as bounty land and
pensions are concerned; and from the petition of
citizcns of Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, for
an increase in the compensation to ordnance ser-
geants; and they weie laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the same committee
was discharged from the petition of Anthony Drane,
late n captain of the United States army. Laid on
the table.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
Thomas Gregg. Laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of John J. Young, a com-
mander in the United States navy. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Wm.'M. Blackford, late charge d'affaires to New
Grenada. Read and committed.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Fiancis Hutinach. Read and committed.
Mr. SILVESTER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Dolly
Tracy, widow of Solomon Tracy. Laid on the
table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to which was referred Senate bills for the
relief of Fernando Fellany and for the relief of Pe-
ter Engils, senior, reported the same back without
amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a hill"
for the relief of Eliza S. Roberts, widow of Lieut.
Moses A. Roberts, deceased. Read and commit-
ted.
. Mr. FRIES, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports on the petitions of John Whitmore,
James Burns, Samuel Dickson, and Rachel Salts.
Laid on the table.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, reported bills for the relief of Seth Morton,
and for the relief of Joseph Johnson. Read and
committed.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
