1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
this matter? Has Congress the power to consent '
that the States shall levy duties on tonnage, and j
has she not the right to exercise that power her- !
self? Has Congress *he power to declare war? j
Undoubtedly it has. But has it the power to con- j
sent that a State may wage war ? Who ever heard j
it pretended for a moment that Congress does not !
possess the power to declare war and to keep troops j
and ships in time of peace? Who ever heard it ,
doubted for a moment ? And yet these powers are >
placed in the same category with that of levying S
duty on tonnage. If Congress does not possess i|
the power to levy a duty on tonnage and to improve j|
harbors and rivers, then Congress does not possess |j
the power to keep ships in time of peace, or to de- SI
clare war; and perhaps the President so thought ij
when he brought on this Mexican war himself. ;!
Perhaps that was the reason why he did not apply j
to Congress to declare war, and, Jackson-like, S
"took the responsibility." l'
Now, I say, wc should either exercise this j
whole power m a judicious manner, for the good ,1
of the whole people of these United States, or give ,
back to the various States die power on these dif- "
ferent subjects which they possessed before the
Union. Will you split up these powers, and ap-
portion them amongst the States? It is impossi-
ble. You cannot do it.
But, sir, the President tells us further that we
may go on and improve rivers find harbors by
means of this tonnage duty. J ask how this is to
be done? Here is the State of Pennsylvania, for
instance: how is she to improve the Ohio river,
which is beyond her borders? Here are Pennsyl-
vania, Virginia, Ohio, Kentucky, and Illinois, all i
interested in the improvement of the Ohio river. :
Suppose Pennsylvania were peimilled by law to ^
levy a duty on tonnage, where would she expend
her money > I Tow is the Ohio river to be improved j
by that ^ Here is the State of Ohio on the one j
side and Virginia on the other. We are told that ,]
two States may enter into an agreement for that :
purpose; but they cannot do it. The Constitution J
forbids States to enter into any compact. "No'|
State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or con- 11
federation," is the language of the Constitution, j
But, if you remove that difficulty, what then? If j
Ohio agrees, Virginia may disagree. If Kentucky i
consents, Illinois may not do so. How, then, are !
you to improve your harbors and rivers > I men- 1
tion these as instances to show the difficulties [
which present themselves, for we have rivers pass- \
ing through many States. The thing is impos- '
sibfe. !
Well, sir, if you have no power to improve those 1
rivers and hurhois—if you have no power to re-
move a lock or a .-sandbar or n Him",, whieh, in the; ■
West, are known as u Polk stalks" —I should like
to know how you get the power to ereet h^ht- ,
houses, and to place buoys to point out the dangers
of navigation on the seacoast, and to put up marks ,
for the guidance of mariners? Where do you de- !
rive your nower? How does it come to pass that |
you pass laws regulating the number of longboats :
and steamboats, and give tokens or signs to the 1
boatmen that 'lu-y mav know which course to steer jj
and which toavoid ? Where do you get that power r ,]
If yon have no control over the western rivers at i
all—if you have no power to improve them, whore j
do you get your power to erect custom-houses, !
and take money from the pockets of the steamboat ■
owners before you allow them lo sail on those
rivers? or to legislate at all on thesuhject ofsteam-
boat navigation, imposing heavy penalties for not
having longboats, water-buckets, hghts, &o. .J In j
my city of Pittsburg the President appoints cus-!
toin-housc officers, and there he takes money for ;
licenses for boats to run on tho river, and inepec- >
tors of engines. But this is not regulating com-;
merce in the sense contended for by the President, i
He takes money for a license to run upon that '
river, over which he says he has no control. I
should like to know what right he has to send :
custom-house officers there to take our money, if;
lie has no business there—if lie has no control
over them whatever. What right have you to col- 1
lect duties from our owners of steamboats, and put j
it into the treasury of the United States, if those >
rivers aie exclusively within the jurisdiction of the |
States, and if Congress has no control over them ?
That right is founded alone on the assumption that
these rivers are great national highways, open to
all the citizens of the United States. As far back
as 1787 it was expressly declared, by an ordinance
of Congress, that all these western rivers—the
Mississippi and all its tributary streams—are pub-
lic highways, and free and open to all citizens of
the United States. Its language is, that" the navi-
gable waters leading into the Mississippi and St.
Lawrence, and the carrying places between the
same, shall be common highways/' Now, if the
General Government has power to declare that
these streams are public highways, and that all
the citizens of the United States have the right to
pass and repass upon them, I should like to know
if it has not committed itself to keep these public
highways in repair? It is that fact that enables the
General Government to take toll on these waters,
to erect custom-houses, and to receive money for
licenses. It is because they have declared them to
be highways, free and open for all the citizens of
these United States. And as the States have sur-
rendered their power to the General Government,
it is bound in good faith to carry out the power for
the general good of the whole.
But the friends of these improvements, sir, have
been charged with a violation of the Constitution.
We have been told, that Congress has no power
to make appropriations for such improvements.
From whom does that allegation come? From the
President of the United States and his party. Not
all his party, sir; for a portion at least of them who
occupy seats on this floor, have come up and sus-
tained the right of Congress to make these appro-
priations. The President talks about strict con-
struction of theConstilution. In one of the closing
paragraphs of his celebrated veto message, he
says:
"fn the meantime, I deem it proper to add, that the in-
vestigation ol tins Mit>M'et h;is i ii j pi i sscd ni'' iimif *-tiongh
than ever with the solumi convict ion tli.it tlx useful ue.s- and
peimaneney ot tins (Joveianient, and the happine-s of the
millions ov< r whom it .-prewls its piot< etion, wi'I he be-t
pioiuoted hy e.netulh uh-t<uiiing lioni the e.vrei-e ot all
poweis not eleftrly  ianted h\ tlx* Constitution.''
Yes, sir, " carefully abstaining from the exercise
of all powers not clearly granted by the Constitu-
tion!" That all sounds very well, sir. If tlu:
President's practice was only in accordance with
his faith, he would be an exemplary statesman,
indeed. But I would like to propound to his Ex-
cellency two or three questions on this subject. 1
would like to know in what clausc of the Consti-
tution he finds power to annex a foreign Govern-
ment to this Union ? I would like to know in what
part of the Constitution he finds power to extend
our laws over China? And yet he recommended
in his annual message, that our laws should be.
extended over a portion of China. The President
would confer an obligation on me and on this
1 louse, if, under his rule of strict construction, he
would point out the section and paragraph of the
Constitution whence he derives that power. I
would like to know, too, winner he detives his
power to mifhori'/.e a survey of the Dead Sea? J
would Ii Ice to know whence he derives his power,
after he has conquered by the arms of this Union
a neighboring republic, or even portions of its
territory, to establish a system of civil government
there? Yet, sir, by a single dnsh of the same pen
that wrote the passage which I have just read, our
revenue laws are extended over the Republic of
Mexico. I should like exceedingly well to hear
from the President, or from some friend of his on
this floor, whence the President derives his power
to establish a system of civil government in New
Mexico, or California, or Tamaulipas, or Coa-
huila, or Santa Fe, or to authorize a survey of the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec? What is the object of
the sui vey of that isthmus ? Why, says a gentle-
man near me, it is for the purpose of making a
canal or a railroad. I suppose it will be a canal.
So, then, the President derives power from the
Constitution to go into the territory of a sister re-
; public and conquer it, and then go to work to make
l canals there, while we are told we have not power
j to improve the great highways that nature has
made in this country, and which are laid down on
]\ our maps. Why, it would seem from this hasty
i review of the subject that the Constitution was
'' made for the benefit of foreign nations, and not of
j; this country. Everything that tends to benefit the
'• people of this country is unconstitutional, while all
j; that is calculated.to benefit foreign trade and for-
eign nations is perfectly constitutional. When our
i; forefathers framed this sacred instrument they were
,! egregiously in error, if this construction is true,
ij They thought they were adopting a form of con-
H stitution which would b© beneficial to the people of
this country. That opinion was shadowed forth
in the preamble: if We, the people of the United
i States, in order to form a more perfect union,
4 establish justice, ensure domestic tranquillity, pro-
* vide for the common defence, promote the general
* welfare, aud secure the blessings of liberty to our-
4 selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish
* this Constitution for the United States of Ame*
' rica." But that was all a mistake and a delusion.
Our forefathers v/eie making and establishing a
constitution for the benefit of foreign nations, and
for the welfare of other countiies.
Mr. H. went on to inquire if it was possible that
such an instrument could hate been framed by the
makers of the Constitution, and by any fair inter-
pretation be susceptible of being so perverted.
Gentlemen may talk about the Constitution as
much as they will, but, as was not inappropriately
said in jest by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mi.  ,] you have no Constitution. Has
the Constitution ever stood in the way of the party
now in power? Has it prevented anything which
the President and his parasites have thought proper
to carry out? All power is now vested in the domi-
nant party; and so long as that party shall continue
to reign, whatever does not square with the views
and purposes of the party is unconstitutional;
while, on the other hand, whatever they wish to
accomplish, be it what it may, is all perfectly con-
stitutional. All the powers of this Government
arc rapidly concentrating in the person of the Pres-
ident. Gentlemen talk about the Daitimoie icso-
lutions, and about not paralyzing the will of the
people; but what is it that the President can ask
that he has not always got, so long as he had a
majority in this House' What great measure,
whether of a financial or of any other kind, has not
been first originated by the President or by one of
the heads of de partinent who have been selected to
do his pleasure? I detest, I abominate and abhor
this one-man power. 1 am utterly opposed to a
consolidated government. What honeyed lan-
guage do we not hear on this subject from gentle-
men on the other side ! How eloquently they can
declaim against the threatening dangers of a consol-
idated government; yet what else is our Govern-
ment at this hour? AH power, the whole Govern-
i ment, is now virtually in the President, and he
I wields and exercises it just as he pleases. Let a
1 man have the boldness to differ from his views, and
1 lot him have the temerity to avow that diffidence
| on this floor, and he is denounced in fho "Union"
; before the next twenty-four hours. Forthwith he
! must walk the plank. He had but one alternative,
I either to stand on the platform with the Executive
or to be pushed into the sea. And that is not con-
solidation! Certainly not: consolidation* not at
all. Measures are willed hv the President, and
' the Pi evident js elected by the people; crgo,what-
; t vcr measures he wishes are the meusuies of the
; people, and hisuill is the will of the people. That
is the argument. But I go for a truly popular Gov-
| eminent; by which T mean aGovernnientinwhich
I all great measures of public policy originate with
i the people themselves.
I But tunc will not allow me to dwell longer on
| this question of the constitutionality of the bill.
I Suffer me on this point to read a short extract from
j a letter addressed by a very distinguished gentle-
! man, to whom I presume gentlemen will not object
j as a high constitutional authority. I refer to the
i letter of Colonel Benton. What does he say? I
1 will read it for the benefit of our friends oxer the
way:
i <kThc lake and n\er navigation of the groat Wc-st, to pto-
j mot." which the Conu-ntion h called, very early had a
i i Mime of in\ attention, and I nr\er Im<1 a doubt of Vhe con-
stitutionality or e\pediewy of bringing that nausation
wnlun the circle ot internal mipro\cment hy the Federal
Government, when the object to tic improved should be one
of ffcncr.it and national importance/'
A Voice : " That will not be admitted as good
authority now."
| Mr. If. Possibly it may not be now: for they
i change their principles so often, that one con
j scarcely tell what they are: it once was goou au-
i thority. _
i I propose now to call the attention of the House
; to the importance, necessity, and propriety of ap-
! propriating money, and that with no stinted hand,
i but to an extent commensurate with the magm-
1 tude of the great interests involved, to the impro\e-
j mentof our western rivers,
| I shall be forced to confine my attention to some
■ of the great points in the Mississippi valley, and
