452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
unwillingly to omit a reference to the trade of the
great lakes, and the propriety of improving the
lake harbors. Other gentlemen who will follow
me will do ample justice to that subject. If I say
nothing now on that part of the subject, it is not
because I do not most ardently desire to see those
great interests regarded and provided for as they
deserve to be; but my time is limited, and I fear
I shall not have opportunity to say half 1 desired
and intended. I refer gentlemen on that subject
to the report of the Chicago Convention, and to the
official survey of the lakes by our topographical
engineers submitted during this present session.
What is tlie extent of the great Mississippi val-
ley ?
It is a vast fertile valley extending from the
sources of the Mississippi in the north, to the Gulf
of Mexico in the south, and from the Alleghany
Mountains in the east, to the Rocky Mountains in
the west.
But yesterday, this vast region was an unbroken
wilderness; now it embraces eleven entire States,
with parts of two others, and two Territories. It
contains about 1,300,000 square miles,or 768,000,-
000 of acres—more than ten times as large as the
kingdom of Great Britain—containing a population i
of nearly 12,000,000, equal to that of all the Atlan- j
tic States, and nearly e ual to one-half the popula- j
tion of the kingdom of Great Britain—that being 1
27,830,105. j
Cast your eyes into the future for a period of j
only sixty years, and suppose the population to
increase in the same ratio of the past sixty years,
(doubling every ten years,) at the end of that pe-
riod you would see spread over this fertile valley,
if capable of sustaining them, more than six hun-
dred millions of human beings! Make every rea-
sonable deduction in this calculation, and your
children now living will see the population of this
valley equal at least to that of the whole of Eu-
rope. " Europe comprises 61 independent States,
' of these 3 are empires, 16 kingdoms, 7 grand
' duchies, 1 electorate, II duchies, 1 landgravate, i
' 11 principalities, 1 lordship, 1 ecclesiastical state,
\ and 9 republics." The population of the whole '
is about two hundred and forty millions. J
What is the length of the navigable and of the J
boatable rivers in this great valley ? On this sub- 'j
ject permit me to quote from the same authority 11
and from the same document. I mean Colonel
Benton's letter to the Chicago Convention:
" Many years ajo the late Governor Clarke and mvself
undertook to calculate the extent of the boatable water in
the valley of the Mississippi: we made it about 50,010 miles,
oi which 30,000 were computed to unite above St. Louis,
and 20,00[> below. Ot'course, we counted all the infant
streams on which a flat, a keel, or a batteau could be float-
ed, and justly; for every tributary, of the humblest boatable
character, helps to swell not only the volume of the central
waters, hut of the commerce upon them "
An official report states the length of streams
navigable by steamboats at 16,000 miles. The
navigation of these u inland seas," these mighty
rivers, is obstructed by rocks, sna^s, sand-bars,
and fa!!s. They need the fostering hand of Gov-
ernment to make them, what nature designed them
to be, the great arteries of this immense region of
country, along which shall flow, free and imob- ;
structed, its commerce, its agricultural products, !
its minerals, and its manufactures.
We invoke the fostering hand of the General
Government to improve the navigation of these i
great national highways, and thus increase the i
facility of bringing the agricultural products of the ];
country to a market. We have not the vast ad- 1
vantages enjoyed by our brethren on the Atlantic :!
or on the Gulf. We are shut in between two vast '!
ch.uns of mountains; but we believe our Govern- ij
ment has the power to confer on us a benefit so il
greatly needed, and we call on it to exert that :!
power for good.
And here let me invite the attention of the "
House to the increase of the commerce and agricul-
ture of this great valley, exhibiting a growth as
astonishing and almost incredible "as that of its
navigation. j'
The first vessel which navigated our streams ;!
"was the frail Indian canoe, constructed of bark,
This sort of vehicle has even yet scarcely ceased; J
and, tnough the Indian war-whoop has scarcely ,|
died in the bosom of our forests, these rivers are /
already covered with steamers of the largest size, '<
Next came the Mackinaw boat, carrying from ^
1,500 pounds to three tons; and next came the '
Keel-boat, or barge, of from thirty to forty tons.
With a boat of this description from three to four || merce, not a dollar is expended to aid this great
months were consumed in making a trip from I
New Orleans to St. Louis. In 1819 the voyage ;
occupied a steamboat twenty-seven days. Now i
it is accomplished in less than four days. j
The annual exports from the lower part of the j
Mississippi valley for the year 1802 amounted to j
about $2,160,000,and the imports to about$2,500,- ;
000. For the year 1846 the receipts from the upper i
country at New Orleans amounted to $77,103,464. '
In 1817, when steam was first introduced upon the j
Mississippi, the whole commerce, from New Or- |
leans to the upper country, was transported in I
about twenty barges, of an average of 100 tons each,
and making one trip in a year. The number of '
keel boats on the Ohio was about 160, carrying !
thirty tons each. The whole tonnage was estimated -
at between 6,000 and 7.000 tons. j
In 1836 (a period of nineteen years) the number
of steamboats on the Mississippi and its tributaries j
was 230, and their tonnage 39,000. j
In 1840 the number of steamboats was 235—tonnage 49.8P0 |
1812 do do 4 >0.... do.... 90,000 |
184 3 do do 672.... do... 134,400 I
184 4 do do fiSS do... 144,1.50
184 5 (Jo do 789.... do... 159<713
commercial interest of the people of the Mississippi
valley. We do not complain of what you do for
the foreign commerce of the country; it is all as it
should be: what we complain of, and justly, is
that we, with a commerce double in amount, get
not a dollar for ours.
We are taxed to sustain this Government; we
fight your battles. I know not how many men may
have gone from the district of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Smith] over the way, but I do know
that five companies were mustered in the county of
Alleghany alone, whose numbers, according to our
latest accounts, have dwindled down so that the
average diminution averages twenty-four men from
each company. We bear your burdens; we sus-
tain your armies; we pay your taxes; and all we
ask in return is the fostering hand of our own Gov-
ernment to protect so vast an interest as I have
stated. Nor do we beg this as a favor. No; the
West asks no favors, as she shrinks from no re-
sponsibilities. We demand it as our riirht.
Mr. Hampton's hour here expired, and the floor
was obtained hy-
^r- SAWYER, of Ohio, who said he had not
184 6 do "do.V. 7. Y.y.V.190.1.do!'.249,050 !| risen to debate the bill,or to makea speech on that
184 7 do do about..1,200 or any other subject, (not even the Presidency.)
The value of the property transported in 1847 :i He thought we had had quite enough speeches on
was— j; the subject; the subject was well understood on all
Wfstprn produce shipped to New Orleans *$84,912,810 !! hands. He had risen to move the previous ques-
Produce shipped from port to port for home ' !l tion.
consumption  90,009,000 ,j After a brief conversation as to whether the pre-
&4,ooo.ooo r shr!d rnow °[In the,Trn-
i mg, it was agreed, as the hour was late, to defer it
Total value of produce shipped £2.*>8.9!2.8lo
Tt is estimated that the foreign merchandise, coin,
bullion, and other articles received in exchange
amount to the same sum. The value of the prop-
erty, then, shipped on the Mississippi and its trib-
utaries would amount in one year to the sum of
say §500,000,000; a sum far exceeding in value all jj for serv]ce5 dmi tlle war wul; Gieai
our commerce with foreign nations. !1 ~ • -
And here I must be permitted to notice particu-
larly the trade, &c. on the Ohio river, at its head,
the city of Pittsburg. (For this I am indebted to
Mr. Bingham:)
Steamboats belonsinz to and builf fit the port of Pittsburg, as
appears hj the books of the collector.
In 1844 there were built and enrolled 44—tonnage 7.034
1845 do 45.... do.... 5.815
1840  do    53....do....8.394
1847 do 55.... do 9,353
30.596
till to-morrow.
And thereupon, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. WHITE - The petition of D. G. Garnsey, praving
Digress ~ " ... -
Britain.
By Mr. GAYLE: A memorial of the citizens of Mobile,
asking an appropriation to deepen the channel of Mobile bay.
By Mr. HALL, of Mis>ouri: The pttition of William
Gibson, asking pay foi certain propeitv lost while in the
service of the United States. Also, a petition from various
citizens from the State of Mi>souri, asking a grant of land
to the Hannibal and Saint Jo>eph Railroad Company.
By Mr, JOHNSON7, or Arkan>as : The petiuon of Joseph
Jester, a captun-d volunteer, praying relief.
By Mr. BOWLTX: The memorial of the steamboat agents
of the city of St. Loui>. asking speedy action upon some
system of legislation toguard against the recurience of acci-
dents in steamboats.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of James S. MeGinniSy
of Ross county, Ohio, praying that he may be paid his ac-
count against the United States, for subsistence furnished
for ninety-three men in the second regiment of Ohio volun-
teers.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of C.
Evans, of Pittsburg. Pennsylvania, pray ing Congress to pass
a law authorizing the Government to pin chase his patent-
The whole number of steamboats belonging to i
the port of Pittsburg, on the 1st of January, 1848, j
was one hundred arid nine; the total tonnage of j
this port on the same day was 28,000 tons.
The cost of building and fitting out steamboats i.
on the western rivers averages $80 per ton. Hence !■ ri^ht for the prevention of explosions oKte.am-hoiler%
the original cost of the tonnage of this port, at §80 !i ~By CHAPMAN; T.b° """.nonal of the Corporation of
per ton, would be $2,240,000.
As time will not permit me to go through all the
details, I must content myself with showing the
increase of trade and travel by contrast. Thus,
from the Ohio river—
In 1843. steamboat arrivals, 1,707, tonnage 165,317 tons.
fn 1847, <•' <•' 3,178, « 372,465 «
Thus it will be seen that in four years the travel
and trade on the river has been doubled.
To carry out the last year more fully, it will show
the following result:
Steamboat arrivals....3,178 Tonnage....372,465
" departures..3,178 " 379,465
744 930
Add on<Mlurd over custom-house measurement.2fcf,310
Flat and keei-boat arrivals 764, tonnage  7'"!0
This is the entire tonnage of the Ohio river land- '
ea at the port of Pittsburg.
About ten millions of bushels of coal from the '
Monongahela and about seventy-five millions of
feet of lumber from the Alleghany river descends
the Ohio evciy year. j
From these statistical details, which rest on the
highest authority, it will appear that the internal  
commerce of our great western valley amounts in j RapiiH, he
value to double that of the foreign commerce of the  
country. Yet notwithstanding this well authenti-
cated fact, while we send ambassadors, charges
and consuls to all the countries of the world, and'
maintain fleets in every sea; while we spend' mil-
lions on millions for the protection of foreign com-
Georgetown, upon tlie subject of the navigation of the Po-
I tomac, and asking and appropriation for the improvement of
its channel.
[ By Mr. SILVESTER* A remonstrance of certain inhab-
itants of Gieeti county. New York, against the renewal of
| the patent formerly granted to Jfthro Wood.
Bv Mr. BLANCHAKD : The petition of John De.arment,
i of Hohdavshurg, Pennsylvania, pi ay mg for a law to bp parsed
ij which shall empower the Postmaster General to make an
'1 allowance to Mi. Dcarnient on his connact Ao. 1601.
! By Mr. MANN: The Petition of Frederick Taylor. of
■ Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, a soldier in the late
II war with England, piaying for a pension. Also, the petition
j oi Henry Neely, of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, a
i soldier in tin* late war with England, praying lor a peneion.
Bv Mr. PILLSBURY : The memorial of citizens of the
:i eolir-ction district of Saluria, Tcxa-, piaying the removal of
i the custom-house to Dociow;s Point.
j By Mr GRINiVTLL- The petmon of Barton Rieket-nn,
asking compensation for r< moving wrecks fiom the harbor
1 formed by the Delaware l>r< akwoter.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mi —i**ippi . Tlie petition ofW.
, II Cleveland, J. A. Talbot, N. Ilollev, J. It. iVi\on, and J.
, Elmer, praying the change of the custoni-iiouoe from Shields-
1 borough to Biloxi, Mi-si—.jpju.
By Mr. ST( 'ART, of Michigan : The petition of £9 citi-
I zen.= or lotua oounU, Michigan, for tlie removal oi the scat
i; of Government of the I'mtfd States to Cincinnati, Ohio.
Also, the pe tuion of citizen-* ot Si. Joseph eonnn. Mu higan,
and vieinity, lor an increj^e oi'the pay of the po-tmaj-t'-r at
Motteville. in s<aid eountv Al--n, the 'petition ot citizens of
Marshal], Calhoun count>, Michigan, that a povt route trom
that place to Michigan, the capital ol tin- State, via Eaton
Tabhshed, and th.it tlie mail be transported
thereon <ix times pft week.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of the American In-
^ur^nce Company arid othei citiz< us- of Rhode Isiai d, mer-
chants-, ship owners, ntid chip-inaeter*, praying that a dol-
phin he placed on Long Bed, in Piovidenceriver AUo,the
petition ot Thomas K. Hazaid and 302 other citizens of the
town of Newport and vicinity, in the Srtate ot Rhode Inland
against the further prosecution of the war against Mexico.
