1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
By Mr DUNCAN, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Delaware county, Ohio, asking the establishment of a post
office at Stratum!, m said Delaware county.
By Mr. DUfiR: The petition of sundry citizens of the
United States, residing at the port of Oswego, m the State
of New York, praying for an appropriation for the recon-
struction of the piers and the improvement of the haibor at
Oswego.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Thomas II. Good-
win, Arad Kent, and othets, citizens of Summit county,
Ohio, remonstrating against the passage of the bill renewing
to the heirs of Jethro Wood the patent for the cast-iron
plough, for various reasons, and among them because the
said Jethro Wood and his hfirs have already enjoyed the
patent for a period of twenty-eight years.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Yesterday morning, in the House of Representatives, Mr.
Charles Brown asked permission of the House to make a
personal explanation ; which was refused.
It is understood that Mr. Brown desired to notice a para-
graph in the remarks of Mr. Levin, as reported to have been
delivered yesterday, which was not spoken by lnmm debate.
The following note from Mr. Levin will fully explain the
matter,
Mr. Brown requests us to say, that had the remarks been
made in the House, he would have given them the name
notice as he did the other portions of Mr. Lkvin'« remark.
To the Editors of tho National Tntelb «enccr;
Sirs: I feel u due to my colleague, tho Ron. Charles
Brown, to *ay that the following paragraph, though forming
a part of my note«t, was not delivered tn tho Home. In re-
porting, as 1 do, my own speeches from my own notes, it is
often impossible to remember whether each point had been
really discussed in the IIousc. Respectfully,
L. C. LEVIN.
" Otherwise he certainly would not have given it a per-
sonal application. If i remember aright, the people of that
district which I now have the honor to represent once ele-
vated my colleague from the third Congressional district to
a seat in the councils of the nation. So long as Rome or
Ireland rnii-rl itho represented it. He seems to think that
tho spirit of{incendiarism Mill slumber* amoti'/M that putii-
onc and much injured people. Whether he will have equal
reason to defame those whom he now represent*, the next
Congressional election in Pennsylvania will decide."
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 9, 1848.
Mr. DAVIS, of M ississippi, presented a peti-
tion from the attorneys for the Choctaw Indians,
asking such action as may be necessary to protect
their legal rights for services rendered in prosecu-
tion of their claims growing out of the treaty of
Dancing Rabbit Creek; which was referred to tho
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from tho New
York Historical Socicty, asking that Congress will
take such steps as will ensure a more perfect and
satisfactory cemms in J 850; and that the act au-
thorizing the next census should be passed by the
present Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX ;i!no presented a petition from citizens
of New "V ork, asking the privilege of importing
wheat free of duty, for the purpose of being ground
for exportation; which was referred to the Com-
mtUcc on Commerce.
Mr. FOOTE presented a petition from citi/.ens
of Mississippi in relation to the establishment of
a mail route; winch was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FOOTE also presented the proceedings of
a mooting of the Baptist Convention of Mississippi,
asking that a temtory may be set apart for the ex-
clusive use and occupancy of the Indian tribes;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from Mary
Ann W. Van Ness, praying an extension of the
appellate jurisdiction of the'Supreme Court of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported House bill supplemental to the
act entitled 44 An act concerning tne Supreme Court
of the United States," approved June 17, 1844,
without amendment.
The bill from the House further to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1848, was read a fust
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, rose to make
inquiry of the Presiding Officer, whether there had
been received any answer to a resolution which he
(Mr. J.) had submitted on the 30th day of De-
cember last, calling for a detailed statement of the
number of troops called into service since the 13th
of May, 1846, the number killed, the number that
had died, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT answered, that it did
not appear from the Journal that any such reply
had been received.
Mr. JOHNSON then gave notice that unless it
was answered within^a day or two he would re-
new the call.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business at twenty minutes past twelve
o'clock, and remained therein until nearly six,
when the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 10, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill to renew the patent heretofore grant-
ed to Hamilton Lapham was committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HENLEY said if the motion was agreed
to, he would make a report referring the matter to
the Commissioner on Patents for his investigation
and decision.
Mr. VENABLE moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. Agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar, (Mr. Brodhead, of Pennsylvania,
in the chair.)
The first bill on the calendar was a bill for the
relief of Anthony Walton Bayard.
After a few remarks by Messrs. BOWLIN,
SAWYER, POLLOCK, and CUMMINS—
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend the bill by
stiikingout the ietrospcctivc clause and inserting
an amendment granting a pension at the rate of $12
per month, to continue during his natural life.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL make some urgent
remarks in support of tho bill and amendment;
and when he concluded—
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to amend Mr. Cum-
mins's amendment by striking out "$12" and
inserting 44 $20" per month. Disagreed to.
Mr. FULTON moved to strike out "#12" and
and insert " #15" per month. Agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The bill next taken up was a bill to extend to
John J. Adams a patent for flattening cylinder
window glass.
A discussion followed, in which Messrs. SAW-
YI-IR, HENLEY, EVANS, CUMMINS, BOW-
LIN, and NELSON, participated.
After various and ineffectual efforts to amend
the bill, it was eventually so amended as to pro-
vide 44 that the application of John J. Adams for
4 nri extension of the patent heretofore granted to
4 him for his invention of a machine for flattening
4 cylinder window glass may be made at any time
4 within six months after the passage of this act,
4 in the manner prescribed by existing laws, with
4 the like effect and the same privileges and advan-
4tae;es as though he had made such application
4 within the tune prescribed by existing laws; Pro-
4 vultdy That no right of action shall accrue to the
4 said John J. Adams by virtue of said extension
4 for any violation of the patent so extended which
* shall happen within six months after the renewal
4 of such patent shall be granted."
Mr. SAWYER then moved that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
After some debate, the committee was divided
on the motion, when it appeared a quorum did not
vote.
The CHAIRMAN was proceeding to execute
the 126th rule, which requires the roll to be called
and the names of the absentees reported to the
House, when
Mr. DUER raised a point of order. He con-
tended that the fact that a quorum had not voted
was not proof that a quorum was not present.
The CHAIR dccided that the rule was impera-
tive, and had been so dectded by his predecessors.
Mr. TOOMBS said he should appeal from that
decision if the Chair did not permit the House to
be the judge and interpreter of its own rules.
After some conversation thereon, in which Mr.
SIMS, Mr. SAWYER, and others took part, the 1
Chair put the question on the appeal thus: 44 Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?"
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Henley
and Pollock were appointed, and they reported
84 in the affirmative, and 18 in the negative; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN (having so large a majority
of those who voted, though less than a quorum to
sustain him) directed the roll to be called, in ac-
cordance with the rule; and when it was called
through—
The committee rose and reported the bill pro-
viding for the payment of arrearages of pension
to Anthony Walton Bayard.
The CHAIRMAN al^o reported that the com-
mittee had found itself without a quorum, and that
the roll had been called in accordance with the rule
of the House. He further reported that 137 mem-
bers had answered to their names; he reported fur-
ther the names of the absentees, that they might
be entered on the Journal.
Mr. McCLELLAND rose and said the House
would remember that thirty of its members were
absent by leave of the House, attending the re-
mains of the late John Q,. Adams to their last
resting-place, and he wished to know if those
names would be entered on the Journal as absent-
ees ? He thought, according to what he deemed
a proper construction of the rule, those names
should not be recorded amongst those of the ab-
sentees, inasmuch as they were absent by leave of
the House.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
fact should he noted on the Journal.
Mr. PALFREY moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to Monday next.
Mr. SAWYER demanded the yeas and nays;
and, on a count, it appeared that there were for
taking the yeas and nays 24, against it 97.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.
Before the vote was announced, the House was
thrown into confusion by a personal conflict be-
tween Mr. Haralson and Mr. G. W. Jones.
These gentlemen had been seated in conversation
at a desk in the front row, to the right of the Chair,
with Mr. Bowlin between them"; and the collision
was sudden and inexplicable to the House. Sev-
eral members in their immediate neighborhood
promptly interposed and separated them, and
The SPEAKER called upon the members of the
House to resume their seats.
Some decree of order having been restored,
Mr. SAWYER rose and said he hoped the gen-
tlemen would make the necessary explanation and
apology to the 1 louse.
The SPEAKER and Mr. SIMS rose simulta-
neously.
The SPEAKER announced the vote to the
House; which we have stated above.
Mr. SIMS said it was to prevent thatannounce-
mcnt that he had risen; for it had occurred to him,
and he was confirmed in that opinion by a gentle-
man near him who was familiar with parliament-
ary rules and practice, that the interposition of any
business would preclude any action of the House
on the occurrence which they had just witnessed.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman was
in error.
Mr. SAWYER again called on the gentlemen to
explain and apologize.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House proceed to the regular orders; but gave way
to
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES, who rose and said:
Mr. Speaker, I consider an apology'due from me
to this House. Unexpectedly on my part, I have
got into a difficulty in this House while it is in
session—improperly, I am ready to admit, being
in the House. To the House, then, sir, I owe an
apology. I hope the House will receive it, and
excuse me for being concerned in an indiscretion,
and I may say an indignity offered to the House.
Mr. HARALSON said, that those who had ob-
served his course as a member on that floor, could
not but know that he had always respected the
order of the House, and had uniformly endeavored
to preserve it. It was therefore with regret that
he now found himself called on by the occurrence
which had jusf taken place, to apologize to the
House. No one could regret more than he did,
that the unpleasant scene which had just been wit-
nessed had taken place in the House. If there
