454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
■was anything he desired more than another for
Congress, it was arconstant observance of decorous
and orderly conduct in conducting the public busi-
ness. Perhaps it would not be proper for him to
allude to the circumstances which led to the diffi-
culty. Suffice it to say, they had been such as he
had thought himself justified in what he had done,
though, up to that time, so far as he knew, the
most friendly relations had existed between him-
self and the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to adjourn; but the
motion exciting loud cries of dissent in all quar-
ters, Mr. S. withdrew it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said, that up to the
very moment of the occurrence which the House
had witnessed., no unkindness had prevailed be-
tween the gentleman from Georgia and himself;
on the contrary, he had always viewed that gentle-
man as his friend.
Another motion being made for an adjourn-
ment—
The SPEAKER reminded the mover that there
was already a motion pending, that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn till Monday next.
The yeas and nays were demanded; but, before
they were ordered—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, observed, that
tary ebullition of passion, and regretted that a thing t
so foreign to the feelings they had always enter- ,,
tained toward each other should have occurred i
before the House and before the country. They :
had, as he had stated, mutually and simultaneously j
expressed that regret, and apologized to each other. J.
As a gentleman and a man of honor, Mr. McLane '
felt satisfied that this was the proper mode of set- ij
tling the affair in cases where nothing but mutual 1
friendship and good will had previously existed j|
., between the parties.
|| Mr. JONES repeated what he had already sta- ,
ted, that, up to the moment when the collision had i
|j taken place, such an occurrence had been wholly >
|j unexpected on his part. As an indignity to the
I1 House, and as a violation of its order, he deeply
fj regretted it; and he regretted it equally on account
i! of the individual gentleman with whom the diift j
j! culty had occurred; in token of which he here
h tendered him his hand.
[Applause from the House and galleries. The !
i] CHAIR called to order.] j,
Mr. HARALSON said he accepted the gentle- ;]
jj man's hand, and regretted most sinceiely what j,
;'j had happened under a momentary irritation; and |
!i he regretted it the more because, between the gen-
tleman from Tennessee and himself there had al- !!
he had not been present when the collision took ! ways existed the utmost kindness and friendship
place between the two gentlemen; but he now un- I and he met him now in a spirit ol mutual respect,
drstood that it was purely a matter of the moment, ; Mr. H. was perfectly willing, however, that the
and that all difficulty between his two friends had House should do whatever it might deem neces-
been already arranged. Yet he thought it was sary for the vindication of its own character and
proper that some action should be taken by the dignity. Before sitting down he wou!d_again say
House in reference to the occurrence, and he had
therefore drawn up a resolution, which he would
beg leave to send to the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the resolution
on the table. No good could arise from having
the private quarrels between members of the House
spread upon the Journal.
The motion to lay on the tabic was negatived.
The question was put on the motion that when
this House adjourns, it will adjourn till Monday
next, and it was agreed to.
A motion was made that the House do now ad-
journ. It wa^ decided in the negative by yeas and
nays: Yeas 31, nays 123.
The resolution offered by Mi. Thompson* was
then read, as follows:
Resolve!, That ft select committee of five membra he ap-
pointed, who shall inquire nilo and report to tne Hoti-e the
f.iot-s in relation to the psisoual rencontre on the floor of tne
House,(luting its ae^ion to-day. between the members trom
gforiiia ami Tenne^-ee, the honorable Messrs. Haralson
and JoN'ii's, and also what ptoceeuingsin their judgment aie
necessary lor the vindication of the dignity ot tms House.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT, of New York,
expressed his hope that the resolution would be
adopted, and he tendered to the gentleman from
Mississippi his thanks for having offered it. It was
true, the occurrence had been very properly apolo- \> ehusetts who had probably risen for the same pur-
gized for; yet the House owed it to its own digni- 1 pose, he would yield to him.
ty and self-respect, that measures he taken to pre- Mr. HUDSON said he was not certain whether
vent the occurrence of like screes in future. If1 the resolution offered by the gentleman from Mis-
that his feelings toward his friend from Tennessee
were just the same as ever.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he was
entirely satisfied with whauhad just been stated by
both the gentlemen implicated in this unpleasant
affair, and he rejoiced that the resolution he had
offered had led to this making up between them;
and if no objection should be made, he was willing
to withdraw his resolution.
[Some faint expressions of objection were heard
in remote quarters of the House.]
Mr. T. said, as he heard no gentleman object,
he withdrew his resolution.
Several gentlemen here rose and said, "I ob-
ject."
Mr. THOMPSON said he felt assured there
could be no geneial objection—it could not go be-
yond some three or four gentlemen: he would,
therefore, take the responsibility of withdrawing
the resolution.
Mr. INGE moved to adjourn. Lost.
Mr. FULTON moved that the House again re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole, and
resume the consideration of private bills.
Mr. GiDDlNGS said he rose to a question of;
privilege, but as he saw a gentleman from Massa-
there was anything in which the p?o;^e of the ■
country took a just pride, it wjis 1.1 ti.e orderly ,
deportment of their Representatives in that House;
and when outrages of this kind were perpetrated
in what was especially their o\\ a iiali, th? people ■
felt themselves wounded. Perhaps it was not '
necessary that anything further need be said in •
regard to the past; but certainly the House owed
it to themselves to take some action in the matter,
and he did not see how they could adopt a more
proper resolution than that which had just been
moved. He honed it would be adopted.
sissippi [Mr. Thompson-] was withdrawn or not.
Mr. McLANE. It is not withdrawn; the mover
cannot withdraw it—it is in possession of the
House.
Mr. HUDSON. Then am I to understand that
the resolution is pending?
The CHAIR. The resolution is withdrawn; it
has not been acted on, and is still within the power
of the mover.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had had no wish to
withdraw the icsolution if gentlemen were unwil-
ling; and he would, therefore, ic-move it, and let
Mr. BEDINGER moved to adjourn) but g'reat i it remain before the House
disapprobation being manifested, Mr. B. withdrew
the motion.
Mr. Mc.LA'Xii observed that the House had
received an ample apology for what had taken 1
place, and the character and dignity of the House
were thereby shielded; and, under such circum-
stances, he could see no necessity for raising1 a com- ,
miftce of inquiry. Fie was opposed to placing the
persona! ou.tri'ni.y and momentary disagreements of
member* of the House upon its Journals with a
view of pmmmiitH1 its d'gmry; he thought it likely
rather to hare a contrary eiTi-ct. PTe had not risen
to speak to the resolution, but for a far more agree-
able purpose; he rose to state to the House that '
the two gentlemen between whom an unpleasant ■
collision had arisen, mutually resetted what had |
passed, and had mutually apologized to each other, j
They both felt that it was the result of a rtiomen- I
Mr. HUDSON observed, that he had been about
to say, that while he had no personal feeling 111
this matter, and no desire that any unusual course
should he adopted in regard to it, he believed the
course proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi
was the usual course, and as such he hoped it
would not be objected to. If, as it sometimes hap-
pened in matters of this kind, the entire blame
rested \viih one of the parties, while none what-
ever attached itself to the other, and the House
dismissed the matter so without further inquiry,
injustice might be done, and blame left to rest
where it did not justly belong. It was therefoie
due to the parties concerned that a committee
should be appointed, who should investigate the
matter coolly and dispassionately; and some ten
days hence, when all feeling had "measurably sub-
sided, make a report of the facts to the House, and
recommend such measures as it would be proper
for the House to adopt in view of all the circum-
stances. Mr. H. had witnessed several of these
occurrences 
Mr BEDINGER here rose and insisted that
the gentleman was out of order. The resolution
had been withdrawn, and the Chair had so pro-
nounced. The gentleman was speaking to a reso-
lution not before the House.
The CHAIR stated that the gentleman from
Mississippi had re-moved the resolution, and the
question was now on its adoption.
Mr. HUDSON resumed. And though, in one of
them, the parties engaged had made a prompt and
humhle confession to the House, and had apolo-
gized in the ful'jst manner to all concerned, yet a
committee of investigation had nevei tlieless been
appointed. Now, as a friend to both the gentle-
men implicated on the piesent occasion—and he
believed he might say that gentlemen generally on
his own side of the House were sincerely the
friends of both—he thought that the usual mode
of proceeding had better be adopted. Let a com-
mittee be appointed, and let them recommend the
proper steps to be taken. If, in their judgment,
I some new rule could advantageously be adopted
! to prevent the like occurrences in future, it would
! be proper to include that in their report to the
| House.
Mr. STEPHENS said he was entirely opposed
to the adoption of the resolution. He had been
1 here now for some years, and m that time he had
1 witnessed several scenes approximating to that
: which had now occurred; but he had never seen
' any good, nor did he expect ever to see any, grow
out of the appointment of investigating committees
to report on the facts of the case. He did not be-
lieve that any committee could report the facts, all
. the facts, with the various shades of difference in
the bearings of one upon the other. The two oen-
' tlemen here were personal fiiends. Of the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Haralson*] every one
would testify that there was not a more pacific or
. a more uniformly decorous and orderly member
on the floor. And the same might "with truth be
. said of the gentleman from Tennessee. He neither
knew nor had he ever seen anything to the con-
trary in that gentleman. But all men were liable
to be betrayed by a gust of sudden passion, and to
act without caution and witiiout reflection.
But why, after both these gentlemen had made
such an ample apology to the House, and had in
it?: presence become reconciled to each other, should
any committee be appointed to tell the House the
cause of the quarrel? AJr. S. did not care what it
was; he did not want to know what it was; and,
above all, he did not desire to see it put on the rec-
ord of the House, spread out before the country
and the world. Let it be buried. He said bury
it; he cared not what it was. How would the dig-
nity of the House be promoted by raking up the
causes of this momentary difficulty between two
gentlemen who had always been good friends, and
were now good friends again? The committee
would call up members before them, and one gen-
tleman would tell the story one wpyand another
another way, and no two would ever tell it alike;
while perhaps the very process of examination
would give rise to new difficulties of the like sort.
The dignity of the House required no such thing.
He moved to lay the resolution on the table.
The question being put, the Chair could not de-
cidewhich side had it; and acountbeinircaliedfor—
Mr. STEPHENS withdrew his motion.
Mr. DUER observed that he had had but little
practical acquaintance with the House, and there-
fore he could not say fiom experience whether in-
vestigating committees, in cases of this kind, had
been productive of good or not; but he thought
that the appointment of such a committee m this
ease, if it did no other good, would at least serve
to show that the House did not le^ard an occur-
rence such as that which had now happened m its
presence as a matter to be passed o\cr merely be-
cause the parties who had been en^aixed weie sat-
isfied. The gentleman trom Georgia scem<d to
consider the matter as merely a question between
those two gentlemen: but it was far otherwise.
The question was, whether it comported with the
dignity of the House to sutler such things to pas.-*
without its notice. To do so would be virtually to
say to its members, Gentlemen, you may engage
in personal rencontres as often as you like, it you
will only make apologies enough afterward.
