1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
It is objected, that to appoint a committee will
be to give publicity to the quarrels of members.
But that would give them no greater publicity; the
papers would take care of that.
Mr. I>. had no feeling in this matter. The oc-
currence was one which did not reflect on the per-
sonal character of the gentlemen involved. Any
gentleman might, in an unguarded moment, be
overcome by a gust of passion. It was not to
punish these gentlemen Mr. D. was concerned;
but he thought it due to the House that something
should be done. Was this thing to go on forever?
Mr, D. looked to the future; he desired a commit-
tee to report a resolution, or propose a rule of the
House, that for the futuie, gentlemen who should
engage in these contests on the floor of the House
should be expelled. He desired no such thing to
be done now. To expel gentlemen without a pre-
vious warning would seem harsh; but really gen-
tlemen seemed practically to forget what that
House was: it was not an association of gentlemen
met for their own business or amusement; it was
the House of Representatives of the American
people.
Mr. WICK said he should be sorry to see this
resolution adopted, or any further action taken by
the House in this matter; and this for several
reasons.
And, in the first place, he concurred with the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] as to the
results of the past experience of the House in cases
of a similar kind. Whenever a committee had been
appointed it had uniformly turned out just as that
gentleman had said. The facts in a case of this
kind could not be ascertained with any certainty.
These collisions usually occurred when a number
of gentlemen were seated close to each other, so
that, there was great didiculty in vseeing what took
place, and the confusion which instantly arose pi e-
sented a like obstacle to ali correct hearing. The
conversations in which they arose were often car-
ried on in a subdued tone, and it was scarcely pos-
sible to say what actually passed on either side,
A committee, however patiently they examined
the witnesses before them, could never' satisfy
themselves os to the true facts of the case. They
never got at the whole case, and after groping in
the dark day after day they most generally ended in
making out a very uncertain and unsatisfactory
report; and after the House had wasted a long time
in excited discussions and contradictory statements
they usually ended in declining to act. And Mr.
W. would now venture to prophesy that, should
the resolution proposed be adopted, the wholeaft'air
would end just in that way.
If it was desirable to mark out a course for the
future, that could be done in the ordinary eouisc,
and just us well without a committee an with one.
And, as to sustaining the dignity of the House,
lie thought that going into a long report about the
details of a squabble on the floor would bo moie
likely to bring the House into disrespect, if not
ridicule and contempt before the people, who were
the true sovereigns of the country. A good book
that was very often talked about, and now and then
read a httle, had a precept, if he remembered right-
ly, about doing to others as we would have them
do to us. Hero were two gentlemen, usually very
oiderly in their conduct, who hud become excited,
(ns gentlemen from the South and the Southwest
were very apt to do,) and had been guilty of some
petty violence toward each other—nothing very
serious—no blood shed, and neither of them much
hurt, and, almost immediately becoming cool, had
mutually expressed deep regret at what had occur-
red, and voluntarily made the amplest apology to
the House. Nobody lmd been much scared, he
believed, rind nobody, so far as he knew, had felt
their dignity greatly offended. Now, suppose that
this was the case of himself and his friend over the
way. Suppose that, without previous malice, and,
on the contrary, after a previous intercourse of
mutual respect and friendship, they should sud-
denly get into a quarrel, and Mr. W. should ask
for a committee of investigation, and attempt to
make a grave and solemn affair of it, when it could
nil be adjusted in a moment and they become as
good friends as ever, would the gentleman think it
was doing as he would be done by ? Some allow-
ance must be made for human infirmity and the
f iree of momentary and sudden excitement. Cer-
tainly Mr. W. would wish they should be consid-
ered if it were his own case.
And as to rules to prevent a like occurrence in
future, gentlemen could not, to use a Western
phrase, " no way they could fix it," make a set of
absolute rules to operate on Western men. They
were not used to them. It was not according to then-
notions and habits. Southern and Southwestern
men were, somehow, not so prudent, not so cal-
culating, as the universal New England nation.
(A laugh.) Nothing could make them so; it was
not in their nature. And when two good West-
ern and Southern friends had a little squabble for
a minute or two between them, they were, forsooth,
to be expelled ! Would Mr. W. think of expelling
a friend of his for such a matter as had happened
here to-day? Not a whit of it. They had acted,
momentarily, under an infirmity common to all
men born in the South and in the West. They
would do these things now and then, and man could
enact no laws that would prevent them. And they
did not think hard of such little occurrences: they
meant no harm by it. They often got into a little
scratch, but it was forgotten in a moment. Why,
he and the very best friend he had in the world had
once had a fight—a fight with chaiis—in a justice's
office, where he was a pettifogger; and no men
loved each other better now. He was a good gen-
tleman and a good friend. Mr. W. saw nothing
but evil likely to grow out of the resolution: the
country would laugh it to scorn—at least all that
country west of the mountains. And as to preserv-
ing, by this means, the dignity of the House, the
folks out there did not believe that the House had
any very great dignity. They did not respect judges
any more for wearing black silk gowns, nor officers
for wearing cocked hats. When a httle squabble
took place, the chief matter was to get it done up
snugly, without any further dilTieulty; and if this
was done, he did not think the dignity of the House
would be very terribly offended. He claimed some
privilege for Western and Southwestern men. Lot
the committee make, their report and form as many
rules as they pleased, it would all end in nothing.
The gentleman proposed that all who, in future,
should be guilty of coming to blows in the House,
should be expelled. It was obvious, that where
one alone, or one chiefly was in fault, the rule would
work abominable injustice. He hoped they should
have no committee to make a solemn matter of what
had been all amicably settled, and spread the mo-
mentary disputes of members all over the country.
He hoped gentlemen would act in a spirit of for-
bearance, and that the resolution of the gentleman
from Mississippi would be voted down.
Mr, HOUSTON inquired of the Chair whether
the fact that these gentlemen had an open recon-
ciliation, and had made mutual apologies to each
other, and also to the House, would go on the
Journal ?
The CHAIR referred him to a precedent in the
case of Mr. White, of Kentucky, and Mr. Rath-
bun, of New York, when such apologies had been
made, and the whole had been entered on the
Journal. The same entry would be made in this
case.
Mr. BEDINGER hoped the resolution would
not pass. If, after so long a time, we could not
tell what was the true origin of the Mexican war,
how could it be expected that a committee would,
in a few days, be able to get at the true origin of
this petty war on the floor of the House? Why
go into such an investigation when hostilities had
ceased, a treaty hud been made, and mutual rati-
fications had passed? He moved the previous
question.
After some confusion and desultory conversa- ;
tion, Mr. B. consented to withdraw his call for the
previous question.
Mr. BAYLY said that when the resolution had
been ottered by the gentleman from Mississippi, 1
[Mr. Thompson,] he had thought it appropriate :
and proper, and should have voted font; but what ,
had transpired since had satisfied him that it would I
be inappropriate now. A mutual retraxit had
passed between the parties—a mutual admission ■
of error; and, so far as any quarrel had existed .
between them, there was an end of it. As to the
facts of the case, (for which the committee was to
be raised,) they were assumed in the apologies i
made. And he would say to the gentleman from |
New York over the way, [Mr. Duer,] that the j
resolution would not effect the object he desired. !
That gentleman aimed only at preventing quarrels |
in future. This resolution would not do that. ;
This was not the appropriate mode of providing 1
against the recurrence of affairs of this kind. If
the gentleman would introduce a resolution direct-
ing a committee to inquire what action ought to be
taken by the House with that view, Mr. B. waa
ready to vote for it. But the only inquiry now
was, whether the quarrel between the two mem-
bers had been amicably and honorably adjusted.
This had been done. The two gentlemen were
heartily ashamed of what, in a moment of passion,
had occurred between them, and they were deeply
mortified at its publicity. Why would gentlemen
seek to give it yet greater publicity? TThis was
the only object tnat would be attained by the reso-
lution, and it was one which none should desire.
Mr. B. would suggest to the gentleman from New
York to accomplish his object by offering an
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. TUCK was gratified by observing the uni-
versal tenderness which had been manifested to-
ward the gentlemen who had been concerned in
this affair, and in that tenderness Mr. T. cordially
concurred. But the question to be settled was,
whether, in order to the prevention of the recur-
rence of like scenes in future, all that was required
was that the parties should amicably settle their
difference. He believed the House ought not to
set such a precedent. The matter connected itself
with more important considerations than those of
a mere private and personal contest. An encoun-
ter had taken place between two members of the
House, which was mortifying to the parties, and
humiliating to the House: all who felt anxiety for
the national reputation could not but be grieved
that such a thing should have occurred m that
Hall. He hoped such notice would be taken of it
as would satisfy all that the occurrence was some-
thing of far greater importance than a mere per-
sonal quarrel. It would, he thought, be a happy
circumstance, if the appointment of a committee
of inquiry should be merged in the appointment
of a committee to introduce new and more efficient
rules for the preservation of order and the preven-
tion of such occurrences for the future. The coun-
try—North, South, East, and West—would ap-
prove of such a measure. Mr. T. felt great ten-
derness towards both the gentlemen implicated;
but he nevertheless hoped a rule would be adopted
to prevent the recurrence of such flagrant breaches
of order. If that should be done, and a member
or members should be expelled from the House,
it would put an eternal quietus to this matter of
personal encounters. Such a scene as had been
witnessed this day never would occur again. Mr.
T. wished to move an amendment to the resolu-
tion instructing the committee to inquire what ac-
tion of the House was requisite to prevent the re-
currence of similar scenes m future. Mr. T. closed
by demanding the previous question.
Before it was ascertained whether there was a
second to the demand—
Mr. STEPHENS inquired of the Chair whether
it would be in order for him to offer a substitute
for the resolution and amendment?
The CHAIR replied, it would not now be in
order, but the substitute might be read for infor-
mation; and it was read as follows:
"The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haral-
son] and the gentleman from Tennessee ^ [Mr.
.Tonics] having apologized to the House for the
breach of order committed by them during the sit-
ting of the House :
" Resolved, That said apology be accepted by the
House, and that no further proceedings be taken
in relation thereto."
Mr. STEPHENS said, if the previous question
should be voted down, he would offer this reso-
lution.
Mr. ROCKHILL. I feci as if I wanted to talk
to the House for about two minutes. If I can be
indulged, I shall not, probably, trouble the House
again this session.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. Rockhill out of order;
no debate could be allowed till it was ascertained
whether there was a second to the previous ques-
The vote being taken, the call was refused:
Ayes 59, noes 72. ,
Mr. STEPHENS now wished to move the reso-
lution which had been read.
But the CHAIR said the amendment moved by
Mr. Tuck must first be disposed of.
Mr. ROCKHILL. This is the first time I have
felt like saying a word to this House, and this is
the first word I have said, (except aye or no.)
What I rise for now, is not in reference to what
