456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
has happened here. A gentleman from New York,
over ilie way, [Mr. Duer,] is for tlie House taking
some action to prevent the recurrence of such
things for the future. He never will prevent them.
If he would put a stop to them, he must first put
a stop to the human family. [A laugh.] I never
struck but one man in my life; yet, sometimes,
when I am in the best and most quiet humor in
the world, before you can say Jack Robinson, I
am so—(extending his arms and doubling both
fists.) [Immense laughter.] 1 see no propriety
in expelling men for such a thing as has happened
to-day; all the wish 1 have on the subject is, that
when scuffles do occur, they may all terminate
just as this has done. Why expel men when they
have nobly come forward and asked forgiveness of
the House and of each other?
If you appoint a committee, you may have many
witnesses, and not two of them witness to the
same facts. Mr. R. said he had risen for fear
some such rule as was talked about might be
adopted. [Renewed merriment.] I have no feir
of ever being expelled for such doings myself, and
yet I may. Therefore I do not want any such rule
adopted.
Mr. R. resumed his seat amidst much good
natured excitement, and not a little laughter.
Mr. G1DDINGS said, that while he entertained
the kindest feelings toward the individuals con-
cerned in this transaction, he could not be unmind-
ful ot the fact, that the eyes of the nation were upon
the body to which they belonged. They expect
(said he) the members here to maintain tne deco- :
rum and dignity properly belonging to the national
Legislature. They who had deputed their repre-
sentatives to transact business of high import
would not expect this matter to pass unnoticed.
It was due to the members and to the nation that
an expression of disapprobation at least should be
adopted. He thought that no such scene had here-
tofore been suffered to pass without an emphatic
condemnation of the House. He recollected no
such instance, although he recollected several af-
frays like the present.
He said if they suffered this transaction to pass
without any expiession ofcondemnation, it would
appear that the House were receding from the
position heretofore maintained. He hoped such
would not be the case. He trusted that suitable !
measures would be adopted to vindicate the char-
acter of the House and to discourage a recurrence
of_scenes like that which they had just witnessed.
The question being put on Mr. Tuck's amend- i
merit, it was rejected: Ayes 54, noes 72. !
And, under the operation of the previous ques- !
tion, Mr. Stephens's amendment was adopted: '
Yeas 77, nays 69.
The lesolution, as thus amended by substitute
was then carried: Ayes 74, noes 53. '
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 10, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial numerously signed by citizens of the District
of Columbia and others, asking that the estate of
Mount Vernon may be purchased by the General
Government for the use of the public; which was
about to be laid on the table, when—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, suggested that j
its reference to the Committee on the District of '
Columbia would be more respectful to the memo- !
riahsts. He therefore made that motion; which !
was agreed to. ;j
Mr. HALE moved that the memorial be printed. ' I
Several Senator;,. Without the names. '
Mr. HALE. Yes, without the names. '
The motion to print was agreed to. i
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from Wil-
liam W. Wall, asking that the sale of a tract of-
land in Mississippi may be confirmed to him; !
which was referred to the Committee on Private 1
Land Claims. ^
.REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. :j
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims, |i
reported a bill for the relief of Stalker and Hill; ji
which was read a first time. I[
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In- .[
dian ^ Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the 'j
relief ot H. B. Gaither; which was read a first )l
time. ,i
Mr. YULEE, in pursuance of notice, introduced i'
a bill concerning the school laws in the State of'I
Florida; which was read a first and second time,
arid referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Sixteen of the private bills received some days
since from the House of Representatives, were read
a first and second time by their tides, and appro-
priately referred.
SUPREME COURT.
Mr. BERRIEN said he desired to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a bill which had been yester-
day favorably reported on by a majority of the
Judiciary Committee. The object of that bill was
to relieve the pressure of business in the Supreme
Court. The Court had announced its intention to
adjourn to-morrow, so that, if the bill was to have
any effect, it would be necessary to consider and
pass it at once. He moved to postpone the pie-
vious orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
supplementary to an act entitled (t An act concern-
ing the Supreme Court of the United Slates."
Mr. ASHLEY suggested that whenever this bill
should be brought up for the action of the Senate,
it would require very mature consideration. He
had reported it by instruction from the majority
of the committee; but it was the intention of the
minority to propose an amendment which would
bring the whole subject before the Senate. The
minority believed that the bill as it now stands
would produce more injury than if the existing
system were left as it is. The bill left one class of
appeals entirely unprovided for.
Mr. DAYTON. I hope the Senator from Ar-
kansas will pardon me—but the bill is not before
Ihe Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY said his only object was to show
that the bill was too important to be disposed of
during the morning hour. He also wished to
show that there was a division of opinion in the
committee on the propriety of the change. It was
said that the Court had determined to adjourn to-
morrow. If so, the consideration of the bill now
could be of no importance, as it could not become
a law before the adjournment of the Court.
A Senator. The law does not compel the
Court to adjourn to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business. He had
been willing to give the Senator from Georgia an
opportunity to make the motion, so that the^busi-
ness did not occupy more than a few minutes.
Mr. BERRIEN begged merely to say that he had
fulfilled his duty in bringing forward the motion; '
and he felt indebted to the kindness of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations for
the opportunity of doing so. Having discharged 1
his duty, he would now withdraw the motion."
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Sevier, and decided in the affirmative.
The Senate then (quarter past twelve) proceeded 1
to the consideration of Executive business,* and 1
remained in deliberation until nine o'clock, when
the doors were reopened. ;
On motion by Mr. BREESE, i
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Tuesday next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 13, 1848. 1
The Journal of Friday was read and approved. -
The SPEAKER commenced thecal! oftheStates I
for resolutions, beginning at the State at which the
call was suspended on the last resolution day, viz:
New York.
Mr. SILVESTER moved the following pream-
ble and resolution:
Wheieas an indignity tiag recently been offered to the
honor of thi- House, and a breach of Us Older and decorum
committed, by a personal rencontre on the floor of the Hou-e,
between two of its members; and wheieas it n expedicntm
glial d against the recurrence ofsuUi offences for the future :
Therefore—
Raolued, That the Committee oil Rules be lequested to
report to this House, on or beiore tile expiration ol ten davs
from this date, iho propriety ol adoptmi; as a staiidni" rule
of this House, tlie following, or sometime; of the like ununrt,
and that will meet the exigencies of the case, viz: IS any
member shall, during the session of tlie House, and ill the
presence of the limine, engage in a personal len'eontie with
a fellow-member, lie shall, lor such an insult upon the
"The Treaty of Peace and Ce-^on concluded between
the Commissioners of the United States and Mexico, winch
has been (or two weeks undet debate in the Senate, wa> ja-t
evening ratified by a vote, it is understood, of 38 yeas to 1.3
nays—two-thirds of the .Senate hem? tlie number required
to carry 11.—-National Intelligencer, March 11. i
] diimity of the House, and upon fhe fart being duly a-< or-
j tnined.be expell -d from his scat in the House, and he i.ieli-
: cible to the same for the remainder ot the term tor which he
i shall have been clceted.
| The resolution giving rise to debate, it was laid
^ over under the rule.
] Mr. HUNT offered a resolution malting certain
! bills for the improvementof harbors and rivers,&c.,
! the special order of the day for a certain day.
i The SPEAKER ruled the resolution out of order,
j as it proposed to change the order of business.
I Mr. HUNT moved to suspend the rules to ena-
1 ble him to offer the resolution.
| The question was put, and uvo-thirds not voting
, therefor, the rules were not suspended. So the
resolution was not received.
| Mr. SLINGERLAND offered the following
! preamble and resolution, which were read and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands:
| Whereas, under the present policy regulating the sales of
; the public lands, monopolies oppressive to the people atise,
] and speculation h greatly cmouiaged, ar the < \pen.-e of
i actual settlers ; and wh"reas, m a gn at majoutv oi case-,
j t!io>e who design settling upon the pub ic domain at e coin-
| p.'lled to pay laige pi ices to speculators for hinds w Incn they
! have obtained from the Government at a low raie; anci
' whereas an imperative necessity ha? grown out of this state:
1 of things that measures be taken that the pubhc dom un >hali
! be disposed of only in limited quantities to actu il settler-,
l so as to exclude the giaspmg and oppressive -peculation at
j present existing: Therefore—
: Resolved, That tlie Committee on Pubhc Lands be in-
structed to report a bill to tin? Hou&e to give actual settlers
the benefit ofhmited quantities ofthc pubhc lands for a com-
pensation which-hall not exceed fiftv cents pet acre; saul
bill also providing that for all tracts of land above such spe-
cified quantities, the price shall be uicrf.i&ed in such pro-
portion as to prevent all unwairantable and unnecessary
speculation in such lands.
On motion by Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot reque-tms the
President of the United States to open negotiations with the
Powers of Christendom, for the purpose of introducing into
the code of national law (in conformity with the practice
now recognized as obligatory m conque-tti on land) the prin-
ciple that in wars between nation* private vessel* not armed
for offence and not carrying munitions of war, (although be-
longing to the citizens or subjects of a belligerent nation,)
shall be free from capture or detention by an enemy; and
that tlie committee be authorized to report bv resolution or
otherwise.
Mr. MURPHY asked the leave of the House to
present a petition, which he had been endeavoring
for six weeks past to find an opportunity to present,
but had been unable to do so in open House, in
consequence of petitions not having been called for
during that time.
Leave being granted by the House—
Mr. M. further said that it was from the National
Reform Association of the city of Brooklyn, pray-
, ing that the public lands should be granted in small
parcels to actual settlers without charge-, and that
he was decidedly in favor of the measure.
On motion of Mr. S. LAWRENCE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
! stiucted to inquire into the expediency and propnety of
1 establishing a militarv po«t at Crown Point, on Lake Chain-
plain, New i'oik; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
; On motion of Mr. MULLIN,
i Rewired, That it be referred to tfie Committee on the Ju~
■ dieiciry to inquire into the piopriety of allowing defendant*
in criminal ca<es in the court? of the Cnit.-d Stares to ex-
airt'ue witnesses on their behalf on commission; and that
they report by bili or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. PECK,
Revolted, That tlie Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into tlie propriety of passing ai act (or
the settlement of the claims ot the 4th regimental brigade
and 3d division of the Vermont Milma.for sen ices at the
battle of Plattsburg; and that they report by bill or other-
w ise.
i On motion of Mr. HENRY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po«t Officp and Pn~j
P^ads be instructed to inquire into the exp< dieney of estab-
lishing a post route from Townsend. in Vermont, to W< -t
Town-end, in said State; and that they report bv bill or
otherwise'.
Mr. PALFREY moved the following resolution,
which was road, and laid over, under the rule:
Ji'2b)h cd. I hat the President be requested to commit ineate
to this Home, it not incon-ir-t; nt with tin- public listen st,
cojues ot instiuction-5 issued tiom the Smic Departiut nt to
William Hoyan,employed by tin-Government in the td\nd
of Uavti.in the j..;irs and 16H: also, of anv
coitv-pojidenec between the Department of Stale and >nnl
Hogan during and s-ub-<
sion.
■'qucnt to tne tune ot bis
nd mi
On motion of Mr. HALE,
Rcsoh-c'l. That the Committee o| Wins and Means be in-
sti acted to inquire mfo the expediency of making piovi-ion
for tlie payment of the sum which ha- hcen audited and
found due fo Ma^-aehn^ett- and Maine tor militia ?er\ie< o,
as set foith iri a letter fiom tlie Secretary of War, dated De-
cember 23, ]«.T/, and found in House Doc. No. 45, *^d boston
2oth Congress.
