1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, moved
the following resolution, which was read and agreed
to:
Resolved, That hill No 201 of the House, entitled a bill to
eetiblnh the Territorial Government of Oregon, now in
Co wnittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union,
and which has been made the special order for the 14th of
March instant, be made the special order fer the 28th of
March instant.
Oil motion of Mr'. GRTNNELL,
ilesoJueri', That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency uf placing buoys and a light-
house to guide vessels through Miskoket channel, between
Maltha's Vineyard and Nantucket.
On motion of Mr. KfNGr, of Massachusetts,
Resolved, That document No. 3-5 of the 3d session 27th
Congres?, containing information in regard to claims of Uni-
ted States citizens on the Government of Hayu, be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On motion of Mr. PEASLEE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquire
into the expediency of providing by law that the officers,
seamen, and marines of all vessels commissioned by the
Provincial and Continental Congress to war against Great
Britain be entitled to and shall lemve the hill benefits of all
laws and resolutions enacted for the relief of the ofliccisand
soldiers of the army of the Revolution.
Mr. TUCK offered the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas the laws of the United States now permit the
collection of debt* by (he extent of executions upon persons
held as slaves, and .-ales have been made of slaves by virtue
ofsuch laws: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed
to report a bill to prohibit the sale of persons held us slaves
on any precept m favor of the United States.
Mr. STEPHENS giving notice of his intention
to debate the resolution, it was laid over under the
rule.
On motion of Mr. SMART,
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Commerce be instructed
fo inquire into the expediency of erecting a light-house at
pome point on the shore of the town of He^borough, ui the
State of Maine; and also to impure into the expediency of
erecting a light-house near the town of Northpoit, in said
State; and said committee is hereby authonzed to take from
the tile* of the House any papers in relation to the election
of said light-houses.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds inquire into the expediency of substituting gas
where oil is now u<ed for light at the public expense, and
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. GREGORY,
Resolvedy That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to eon older the propriety of making an appropriation of not
Igsh ihan $10,0011 for the improvement of thtj navigation of
the Pass,lie river, in the State ol' New Jersey, and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. ECKICFtT offered the following resolution,
which w?i8 rend and hud over under the rule:
Reslived, That the Secretary of the TreaMiry furnish to
tins Home a monthly statement of all the iron, manuficturcs
ol' iron, and all the uuueial coal unpolled into the United
Hl.ne> i'ioui the 1-1 ot July, l«j7, to Hie l-i ol Much, lum,
design,uing the quantity and value ol the \aiious kind* of
iron, and the value of the manufactures thereof, and tin
amount and value of muieial coal imported dunng said
pel lod.
Mr. MANN offered the following resolution,
which was read, and laid over under the rule:
Rriolwd, That tin: Commissioner of Pensions send to this
Hou-e the papers ot i\Ioti Wilkinson, a soldier of the revo-
lutionary war, on tile in his olhee, and that the same be
releiied to (he Committee on JRevolutionaiy Pensions, as
evidence in hi- application for ineiease of pension.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER,
Rewlvd, Th.it the Committee on Public Land* be in-
stiucted to impure into the expediency ol teviving ami ex-
tending the ;ict of the 27th of July, J, allowing live yea is
for tie- is«ue ami location of late war bomit)-land wart ant-,
which act expired on the 27th of July last, so a> to provide
lor such bounty-land warrants us have not been Minified.
Mr. J. II. 1NGERSOLL moved to suspend the
rules lo enable him to submit a motion making the
message of the President of the United States de-
clining to communicate to the House of Represent-
atives all the instructions given Mr. Slidell as
minister to Mexico, &c., the special order of the
day for Thursday next.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to, two-thirds not voting m favor thereof.
Mr. Flll£!£DLi£Y offered the following preamble
and resolution:
W'heieas, the increased expenses of Government caused
by toe w.u with Mexico, rentiers it proper that additional
revenue-! shall b^ provided to meet the same : Therefore.
Retire Tii.it the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
Ptruc ted to inquire into the expediency of so modifying and
mere.i>iug the dunes on imports as to yield lo Govciumunt
the largest amount of revenue which such import* can be
made to yield consistent with the welfare ami best interests
of tiic country; such increased duties to continue during
the war with Mexico, and until the debt thereby created
shall be paid of}'; said committee to have leave to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. VENABLE giving notice of his intention
to debate the resolution, it was laid over under the
rule.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Resolved, That the petition and papers of Mrs. Martha
Gray, widow of Captain Gray, the discoverer of the Colum-
bia river, be taken from the files of this House and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRADY offered the following: resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be instructed
to inquire whether any, and, if any, what, arrangements are
necessary for the despatch of business in the office of the
Scrgeant-at-Arms.
Mr. BRADY moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the question then being
on agreeing to the resolution—
Mr. RICHARDSON gave notice of his inten-
tion to debate it; and it was laid over under the
rule.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce buin^tnieted
to inquire into the propriety of bringing in a bill providing
for the appointment ot an officer to reside at Chesapeake
city, in the State of Maryland, for the purpose of granting
enrolments and licenses to vessels engaged in the coasting
trade.
On motion of Mr. CRISEIELD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,nnd it is
hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a light-hou-eon Flat Cap, at the mouth of Annames-e*
river, in the State of Maryland ; and al«o into the expediency
of establishing a light-bou on the Seven-Foot Knoll, near
the mouth of Patapsco river, m said State.
On motion of Mr. ROMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
national foundry at Weverton, in Washington county, Mary-
land, and that they report by lull or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. McDOWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be insti tic ted to inquiie into the expediency ot estab-
lishing by law a post ionic from the town of Mooisfield, in
Ilaidy county, Vngmia, bv way of the mjiuIi foi k of the south
branch ot the Potomac liver, to McDowell's post office, in
the county ol Highland, Virginia, and Uiat said committee
rcpoit by bill or otherwi.se.
Mr. GOGGINoffered the followingpreamble and
resolution, which were read and agreed to:
Whereas the volunteers engaged for a period during the
war with Mexico are requited to perform the same service,
undergo the same hardship*, and are m most respects on the
same footing wit,h the regular enlisted soldiers of the army ;
and whereas the said volunteers have greatly distinguished
themselves heretofore as a most efficient branch of the ser-
vice : fu order, therefore, to promote the enrolment of volun-
teers In future, if such shnll lie needed, as well as to provide
for such as are now in service—
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he tfj-
structed to inquire into the propriety of allowing to the vol-
unteers now in the service, or who may he hereaftercnrollcd,
the *ame bounty, the same clothing, anil other ndvantaee*,
without regard to pay, as are now allowed to soldiers enlist-
ing m the lemilm army.
Mr. CLING MAN offered (he following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the < 'ommiltee on Indian Affairs have pow-
ei and uuthoitt\, and the,} are hereby atllhori/."d, in the ex-
amination of the tacts presented m the memorial of claimants
uinler the treaty with the Cherokee-*, made in 18J.>, with
supplemental aitieles in Iftfti, to send for persons, records,
and papers, and to examine witnesses in relation to all the
matters of compl.nnt in said memorial set fotth, <is well as
of the conduct ot the late board ot eoinmissionei.-., appointed
at different times under the 17th article of said treaty, and
also the matter* of complaint against other officers of the
Government; and that they make lull leport to this House.
The resolution, giving rise to debate, was laid
over under the rule.
On motion of Mr. DONNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediencj of establishing additional
buoys anil stationary and Homing hi hts on the ("ape Fear
river, between the town of Wilmington, North Carolina, and
the ocean.
On motion of Mr. VENABLE,
Resolved, That the Committee on I'higravmg inquire into
the expediency of procuring ten thousand copies of Fid
mont's road-map from Fort Independence, in Missouri, to
Fort Wallawalla, in Oregon.
Mr. IVERSON moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to this House n list of all the Creek Indian reservations
under the treaty of IftU which remain unsold by the reserver,
or otherwise undisposed of, and the safes of winch have not
been approved by the President of the United Slates, de«ur-
1 tinting in said list the name of each reserver, and the town
to which said reserver belongedalso, whether such reser-
vation he a dead location or not; whether any claim, and
what, has been presented at the War Department for any
of said unsold nervations, with the condition ofsueh claim
onitle ; also, what plan, if any, has been adopted by the
War Department for the disposition of said unsold reserva-
tions.
Mr. IVERSON said, as the resolution was of
general interest, he thought there would be no ob-
jection to its immediate passage. He therefore
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose.
The rules were suspended, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Speaker of this
House to cause, as soon as practicable, the desks tojiie re-
moved from this ilall, the seats to remain as they are until
some better arrangement can be made; that he shall also
cause a suitable ttibuue to be erected in the front of the
Clerk's table for the accommodation of such members as
may desire to address the House troiu that place.
Mr. K. moved the previous question.
Mr. DONNELL moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which motion was decided in the affirm-
ative by yeas and nays: Yeas 96, nays 68. So
the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. CHASE,
Resoleedf That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the piopnety ot reporting a bill to
this- House providing for compf nsatbig the volunteer mourn-
ed troops for the loss of horses in the Mexican war, as
follows:
1. Horses dying for want of forage.
2. Stolen by Mexicans in the enemy's country.
3. Taken from the owners am-l appropriated to the sprvice
of the United States officers, whereby the owners were de-
puved of iheir tise,&c.
4 Lost ui transportation from Tampteo to Vera Cruz, or
in landing at Vera Cruz.
5. Compensation for the use of horses of which the own-
er* were deprived by order of the United States, whereby
the volunteer lost his horse,as well as the pay of amounted
man, and was reduced to the rank of infantry.
On motion of Mr. CROZIER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po.-t
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing; a po>t
route from Dalton, in the State ofGeoigia, to Benton, in the
Stale ot Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved the following
resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Cornmisfionor of Public Buildings be
requested to report to this House what iiijutv, if any, m ins
opinion, has been done to the Capitol by < lilting through the
walls and arches of the ImiMing lor the intioduction of gris
pipes ; also, whether, in his opinion, any injury is likely to
ie-u!t from digging about or under the foundation ol the
building for the purpose of putting in furnaces to heal or
warm the hall* and looms of the Capitol; and, also, whether
the heavy weight upon the dome, ffoin the pole and Us
braces, which support the larsje gas lantern, does not endan-
ger the dome itself, if not other parts of the building; and
that he be requested also to report what will probably be the
annual cost of materials to generate gas, and for hands or
persons to attend the gas-works used in lighting the Capitol.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That rotation in office, in the opinion of this
House, i  one of the cardinal tenets in a republican form of
g 'veinnipnt, and oughtnever to be violated on any pretence
whatever, and should he practised upon by all administra-
tion*, icgardless of their party names.
Rcsolre-I, That eight \ear*. in the opinion of tin* Home,
is the longest term any individual ought to be pcimuted to
remain in office, whose appointment is eonfetied by the
Pie-ivlenl ot the United Suites and the Heads ot Dcpait-
meiit-, either by the Constitution or bv Jiw .
Jlcsilrtd, That, in the opinion of this House, the appoint-
ment of pei«ons to office should he made upon the basis 0f
repiese mat ion I'ioui the several Slates in llie Congtess of the
United Siales ; that is to qny, the whole numhei of per-on*
appointed to office should be divided by the whole number v
of R •piesenlatives, giving to caeh Congressional dinner in
the Union it* fair ratio of officers under the Federal Gov-
ernment.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, any Con-
gressional di-tnet in the Union is moie than competent to
furnish its full quota of officers upon the principle as laid
down in the foregoing resolutions, who would be honest,
capable, and faithful to the Constitution of the United Slates.
Revived, That, in the opinion of this llou*e, immediately
after till the offices shall be filhd upon the puuciple laid
down in these resolutions, the President and the heads of
departments should divide the whole number of Congres-
sional di-tricts into four equal dmHons, or as neai sons
may be piactieable, classing them one, two. three, and four;
the officer belonging to the fur-t dtstitet falling into the fi ^t ♦
clas-5 v| nll be v icated at the expiration of eight venis ; tbo e
falling into the second class shall be vacated at the evpila-
tum of six \ear>; those falling into the third class shall be
vacated at the expiiation of four \ear.-; those failing into
the fomth class shall be vacated at the expiration of two
years; j-o-that one-fourth of the whole number of officers
thus appointed would tie retiring from office eveiy two years,
and a new «a t coming in to fill the vacancies thus occasion-
ed.
Res-ilted, That, in the opinion of this House, in the selec-
tion of individuals to fill the offices under the Federal Gov-
ernment, due regard should be had to the farmers and me-
chanics of the country, so as to give them their proporiion
of said offices.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the ppople.
the principles of the Constitution, the spirit of the times, and
justice, ail demand at the hands of the rreMdent and heads
of depaitinents, so soon as may be practicable, to carry into
full and fair effeet the principles and doctrines laid down in
the foregoing resolutions.
Mr. J. moved the-previous question.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to lay the
resolutions on the table. Agreed to. Ayes 87,
noes 32. So the resolutions were laid on the table.
