1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
On motion of Mr. TURNER,
Resolved, That the Committee ort Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of
entry at the city of Galena, in the State of Illinois; and that
they report by bill or otheiwi&e.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved for leave to
introduce a joint resolution of thanks to Brigadier
General Price and Colonel Doniphan, and through
them to the officers and men under their command.
Mr. HALL moved the previous question on the
motion for leave, which was not seconded; and
debate arising on the motion for leave, it was laid
over under the rule.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of Missouri,
Resolved, That the Commitiee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the post office laws as to give the franking priv-
ilege to all postmasters whose salaries at this tunc do not
exceed two hundred dollars per annum.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the fol-
lowing resolution', hut, giving rise to debate, it
•was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives elo'-e the present session of ("iingress by an ad-
journment of their respective Houses on Monday, the 26th
day of June, A. 1). 1848.
Mr. GREGORY moved the following resolution;
which, giving rise to debate, was laid over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay, on the audit
of the Committee of Accounts, the account of T. Barley
Meyers and F. F. Marliury, employed by the Solicitor of the
Treasury under a lesoluhon of the House of the 20th Janu-
ary, 18-i6, to take swoin testimony in the claim of Matthews,
Wood, and Hall.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pinitingmquireinto the
propriety of printing an additional number of t lie President's
message, with the accompanying documents, for the use of
the members ol the llou -e.
On motion of Mr. LEFFLER,
Rewired, That the Committee on the Po^t Office and Post
I?o;id  be instructed to mquiie into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route fnmi the Uaei oon Forks of the J)es
Moines itvei to Council Hluffs, on the Missouri; also, from
El Kadir to Jacksonville, m Clayton county, Iowa.
Mr. SLLNGERLAND offered the following
preamble und resolution:
Whereas the death of the distinguished and lamented
stateMnan, lion. John Uuiney Adams, h a somen of sorrow-
ful interest to all parts of the. Union; and as every circum-
stance relating to thai event is universally desired and eagerly
fcouuht lor; and a« the copies of the addresses made in Con-
gress and the address of the chaplain of the House of Rep-
lesentatives upon that event, which have been previously
ordered to he piinted, have been found inadequate to supply
the call for them: Therefore,
Jletoh'ctl, That the Committee on Public Printing be in-
structed lo have piinted twenty thousand additional copies
oftho^e nddies^es.
The resolution being objected to, it was not re-
reived.
On motion of Mr. ITENLKY,
Jir\olrctl} That the Committee on Public Lands lie in-
Mrueted to inquire info the expediency of providing for the
reception of military bountv land wuimiiIh in payment for
land- by peixons holding preemption rights.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of enabling him to offer a resolu-
tion.
The question was put, and two-thirds not voting
in favor thereof, it was not agreed to.
[The fiillowiAs; is a copy of the resolution whieh
Mr. C. proposed to otter:
Resolved, Thai the President be requested to inform this
Hou-e why the correspondence heretofore called for by the
following resolution has not been I'uim.-hed to the House •
{'/ic«o/wed, That the President of (he United States be re-
quested to furnish to thin House copies of all correspondence
between the Secretary of Wui and Major Genet al Scotland
between the Secretary of War and .Major General Taylor,
and between Mujor General Kcott and N. P. Tiist, latoCom-
misfeioner ol the United Ktates to .Mexico, and between the
latter and the Secretary of State, which has not heieiof'ore
been published, and the publication of which may not be
incompatible with the public interest.5']
RESOLUTIONS FROM STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. HAMPTON", of Hew Jersey, presented
resolutions) of the Legislature of New Jersey, ap-
proving of Mr. Whitney's plan of constructing a
railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
Mr. NELSON presented a joint resolution of
the Senate and Assembly of the State of New
York, against any alteration of the "Act concern-
ing pilots," by which'a competition among pilots
would be diminished.
Also, a similar joint resolution in favor of the
continuance of pensions to the widows of soldiers
of the Revolution.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of .New York, in relation
to extending the pension laws by which widows of
revolutionary- officers and soldiers are entitled to
pensions.
Mr. HALL, of New York, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of New York,
against any change in the act concerning pilots
which would destroy or diminish the competition
now existing-.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania, approving of M r. Whitney's plan of con-
structing a railroad from Lake Michigan to the
Pacific Ocean.
Mr. STRONG presented similar resolutions of
the Legislature of New York.
Mr. OUTLAW presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Norih Carolina relating to the inlets
on the coast of North Carolina.
Mr. EDSALL presented the resolution of the
Legislature of New Jersey in favor of Mr. Whit-
ney's plan for a railroad to Oregon.
Also, the resolutions of the same relative to the
pilot laws of the United States.
Also, resolutions of the some, approving the sen-
timents expressed by the Chicago Convention, in
July la«?t, in relation to harbors and navigable
rivers, &c.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, presented the resolu-
tions of the State of Georgia asking for the con-
struction of various post-routes in said State.
Also, for changing a mail-route so as to run
from Boxville up to Dublin, on the west side of
Oconee river, and down from Dublin to Boxville,
i on the cast side of said river.
Also, resolutions from the same approving of
Mr. Whitney's plan for the construction of a rail-
road to Oregon.
Also, resolutions from the same expressive of
the sense it entertains of the value of the Military
Institute of the United States at West Point.
Mr. ROOKFIILL presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, relative to the pay-
ment of annuities belonging to the Miami tribe of
Indians.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: A bill concern-
ing costs in civil suits and proceedings in the name
of the United States. Referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
By Mr, HOUSTON, of Alabama: A bill to cede
to the State of Alabama the public lands lying
within the limits of said State for purposes of edu-
cation. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
IJy Mr. INGE: A bill for the relief of John B.
Smith and Simeon Darilcn. Referred to the Coni-
; miitee of Claims.
i Uy Mr. TOMPKINS; A bill fo provide pen-
sions for all the o/llcers and soldiers, regular and
volunteer, who have been injured and perma-
nently disabled in the service of the United States
in the existing war with Mexico. Read twice and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows, viz:
By Mr. CUMMINS: Of the bill declaratory of
the rights of naturalized citizens of the United
States, and to secure and protect them in the peace-
ful exercise arid enjoyment of their rights against
: the acts and influence of foreign Governments and
i their diplomatic agents.
I By Mr. WICK: Of a bill to prohibit the im-
portation of slaves into the District of Columbia,
with certain exceptions.
By Mr. HALL, of New York : Of a bill to pro-
vide for obtaining accurate returns and annual state-
ments of the internal trade and commerce of the
United States.
Also, a bill to refund to the New York Indians
the moneys withheld from them by Janus Stngker,
sub-agent appointed for said Indians by the United
States.
Also, a bill to extend the provisions and benefits
of certain acts of Congress granting pensions to
the widows of the officers and soldiers of the Revo- :
lution. |
By Mr. S. LAWRENCE: Of a bill to revive !
and amend the act entitled tkAn act granting bounty
lands and extra pay to certain Canadian volun-
teers," approved March 5, 1816. I
By Mr. LA SERE: Of a bill authorizing the j
appointment of an additional judge of the United j
States District Court for the State of Louisiana. I
By Mr. FULTON: Of a joint resolution autho-
rizing the Secretary of State to furnish the clerk of
the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Virginia four copies of Little
& Brown's edition of the laws of the United States.
By Mr. CROWELL: Of a hill to repeal so much
of the act approved February 27, 1801, and all other
acts and parts of acts concerning the District of
Columbia, as in any way interferes with the insti-
tution of slavery or the slave trade therein.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications, viz:
I. A communication from the Postmaster Gene-
ral, relative to the transportation of the mail from
Charleston to Chagres, touching at St. Augustine
and Key West, and also at Havana and across the
Isthmus of Panama, and thence to Astoria, with a
copy of a contract accepted by that department for
that service, subject to the action of Congress.
II. A communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmitting, in compliance with the act of
March 3,1845, a copy of a contract for the trans-
portation of the United States mail between New
York and Bremen, upon the terms and conditions
required by said act.
III. A letter fromjthe Commissioner of Patents,
in answer to the resolution of the House of the
12th of January last, as to what legislation is ne-
cessary to provide room in the Patent Office build-
ing for the arrangement of models in such manner
as to give the examiners such access to them as is
necessary in the discharge of their duties.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's tabic.
The first business in order was the message from
the Piesident of the United States, returning to
the House the bill of the last session 44 to provide
for continuing certain works in the Territory of
Wisconsin," with his objections for withholding
his approval; on which a motion to refer the mes-
sage to the Committee on Commerce was pending
and also the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and under
its operation the message was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The next subject in order was the message from
the President of the United States, transmitting
documents in relation to the return of Santa Anna
and Paredes to Mexico, and refusing to furnish the
instructions given to Mr. Slidell, as requested by
the resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 4th of January, 1848.
Mr. TOMPKINS, being entitled to the floor,
rose, and stating his inability to proceed in his
remarks this evening,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 14, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PALFREY asked the House to take up the
resolution he yesterday offered and act upon it. •
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested tocommumeafo
to tins House, if not inconsistent with the public interest,
copies of instructions issued from the State Department to
William Hogan, employed by tin*- Government m the Hand
of flaytt in the yeai* 184-1 and 18-15 ; siNo, copie- of any cor-
respondence between the Depaitment of Ftate and .-aid Ho-
gan during and subsequent to the tune of his said nation.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
considered.
Mr. GAYLE, by general consent, introduced a
bill, previous notice having been given, to establish
the rates of postage on steamboats and other water
craft not in the employ of the United States. Read
and committed.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be instruct-
ed to inquire into the propriety and expediency of importing
into the United States the Alpica or Peruvian sheep, and
whether it would be consistent and advisable to employ the
vessels of the General Government for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. CONGER,
Resolved. That the Commitiee on Engraving be instructed
to report whether the lithographic map* accompanying the
President's annual message, a-? ordered to be published by
this House, have been furnished to the number required when
the last was received, if so furnished; and it not InmKhed,
when tliey may be expected, and whether there has been
any unnecessary delay in fumi*hini  the same or any pait
thereof. Also, that they report whether paid committee have
contracted for the publicationof the map of Lieutenants Em-
