1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46a
"An act to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force, and for other purposes," approved
February 11, 1847. The amendment was com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
CONTRACTS FOR SUPPLIES, ETC.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to which was referred the reso-
lution of the House relative to the printing of
10,000 extra copies of the abstract of contracts
communicated by the War Department, reported
the following resolution, which was read and
agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the abstract
of contracts from the Department of War, communicated on
the 26th January last, be printed for the use of this House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was opposed
to the resolution; he did not believe that a report
of these contracts would be of any interest to the
public; it might be examined by those interested
in the contracts, but the mass of the community
would probably never read or look at it.
Mr. CROZIER said that the resolution had re-
ceived the sanction of two different committees of
the House, viz: the Committee on Expenditures
in the War Department, and the Committee on
Printing. The document proposed to be printed
contained an abstract of all the contracts which
had been made by the War Department during the
last year—contracts which might probably amount
to $50,000,000. He would not assert with cer-
tainty that they did reach that amount, but the
aggregate amount was certainly not less than
$30,000,000. The printing of the proposed num-
ber of copies would cost about $400.
There were two reasons which had induced the
committee to report this resolution to the Ilouse.
Jn the fiist place, the subject was, in itself, one of
great importance—a very large sum of money was
involved; the information would lie valuable and
interesting in various aspects; and smely it was
due to the people of the United States, who fur-
nished the money, that they should have an op-
portunity of seeing how their money had gone-—
what had been done with it, arid who had got it.
They had a rii ht to know how this immense sum,
contributed out of their own hard earnings, had
been expended. Much various and useful informa-
tion would be disseminated by the printing and dis-
tribution of this document. It would, for exam- 1
pie, present at one view the prices of the munitions *
of war in different portions ol' the country. So far
from its being of interest only to contractors, Mr.
C. believed that there was no document that would
be mid by the people with greater interest and
curiosity. The men who paid the taxes would
very naturally desire to know how those intrusted
with if^ application had discharged their trust.
This was one of the considerations which had in-
duced the committee to repoit the resolution.
Hut there was another and a very important rea-
Ron. The committee had been cliaiged with the
duty of making inquiry whether frauds had not
taken place in connection with this letting out of
contracts,
Mr. O. would not say that frauds had occurred;
but this lie would say, that there hud been some
very )ni h (haigen allowed and paid; enormous
prices had been ehaiged to the Government. If
this document should be printed and circulated
through the country, this information would be got
by the people, and they were entitled to receive it.
Many of these contracts, if not made in direct con-
tiavcnlion of law, were not in accordance with it.
The contracts had not all of them been made as
they to have been, and by law were requited
to be. Many of them had been given out to con-
tractors privately, without hemg published the re-
quisite time, or published at all. it was true that
many of the contractors were men of the strictest
honor, and the terms on which the contracts were
let were m many cases extremely economical. It
wa.sdue to such men that this fact should be known,
■while it was equally proper that where the case
■was the rc\erse of all this, this also should be ex*
po^ed.
Air. C. here referred to instances which occurred
been purchased in Ohio, which cost the Govern-
ment about $800,000, and the transportation of
which cost $30,000. Among these allowances
there were some which might at first appear to be
very reasonable, and even very low, which, on
close examination and a knowledge of all the cir-
cumstances, would be found to be enormously high.
In Mr. C.'s district published contracts made with
individuals offering under the advertisement had
been rescinded, and private contracts made with
individuals in their place. Mr. C. went on to con-
tend that where abuses had been perpetrated they
ought to be exposed, while if they were fairly and
honorably made and fulfilled, the fact ought to be
known. Why did gentlemen desire to withhold
the publication ? Mr. C., in conclusion, moved the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, put, and
carried; and the main question being on the adop-
tion of the resolution, the vote was taken by tel-
lers, and carried: Ayes 80, noes 66.
So the resolution was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the Committee of
Ways and Means was discharged from the consid-
eration of the petition of the county of Mahoning,
Ohio, asking for the issue, by the Government, of
$150,000,000 of treasury notes for a national cur-
rency; the petition of citizens of Ohio, asking that
no further supplies be given to carry on the war
with Mexico; and also from the resolutions of the
House of the 21st December, 1847, and 14th Janu-
ary, 1848, in relation to recalling the surplus reve-
nue deposited with the .several States under an act
of Congress of 23d June, 1H3(>; also, from the reso-
lutions of the Legislatuie of South Carolina touch-
ing the establishment of a branch mint at Charles-
ton; and from the petition of the Chamber of
Commerce of Charleston, on the same subject;
and also from the consideration of the resolutions
of the Legislatuie of Missouri, in relation to the
tariff of 1846 and the independent treasury law;
and they were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL., the Committee of
Chums was discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Samuel J. Bayard, late receiver at
Fairfield, Iowa; and it was laid on the table.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Levi Seakly.
Laid on the table.
Mr. CllOWELL, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petitions of John
Walker, Benjamin Perham, and Joseph Hall.
Laid ou the table.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of llarry Richard-
son, Darcus Jewell, and Jacob Yerty. Laid on the
table.
On motion ofiVfr. THOMAS, the Committee of
Claims w eie discharged from the consideration of
the bill for the relief of N. C. Oiear; also, from the
petition of Pcleg B. Phelps, of Louisiana; also,
from the resolution of the House of the 31st Janu-
ary last, in relation to the expediency of paying to
the officers and seamen who, in the year 1804, vol-
unteered under Captain Stephen Decatur to recap-
ture or destroy the frigate Philadelphia, then lying
m the harbor of Tripoli; and they were laid on the
table.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Oflice and Post Roads, reported a resolution, which
was modified and passed as follows:
li,solid!. Thill llou-4" hill amend tin net to provide for
the lian-qxMtaUnn of I lie mail between the United State- and
loieijjn eountt ics and tor other pin pose-, be;..adc the special
Oldei of the day toi the liist Wedm -<dny in Apoi next.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved, by the gen-
eral consent of the House, that the bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to raise, for a limited time, an
additional military force, and for other purposes,"
approved Februaiy 11,1847, reported by him from
the Committee on Public Lands, be made the spe-
cial order for Tuesday, the 4th of April next.
Mr. BOYD moved to amend Mr. mo-
tion by embracing also the bill of a similar title re-
ported by Mr. B. from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
in the campaign of General Taylor, m which very ij Mr. EVANS accepted Mr. Boyd's amendment,
exorbitant pi ices had been given for transportation !'
while our army lay upon the "Rio Grande. He in-1]
stanced contracts made with the owners of steam- jl
boats and the per diem paid for mules. While!;
mules could be had on the spot for 33 cents per't
day, some eight hundred hoises and mules lmd it
and the motion was then agreed to.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee on En-
graung, to which was referred the resolution in-
structing that committee to inquire whether certain
maps had been duly furnished to the House, &c,,
made a report, which, after some conversation
between Messrs. CONGER and MURPHY, was
laid on the table.
Mr. H ARALSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which was referred the bill of the
House for the relief of the volunteers engaged in
the military service of the United States, reported
the same back to the House with an amendment.
Committed.
On motion of Mr. TUCK, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the considera-
tion of the petitions of H. S. Stellwagen and Wil-
liam R. Ashards; and they were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
consideration of the petition of officers of the army
in Mexico for further provision for the widows
and children of such officers and soldiers as have
died in the public service. Laid on the table.
Mr.GRlNNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to transfer the townsof Vinal
Haven, New Haven, and Islesborou^h, from the
collcction district of Penobscot to that of Belfast,
in the State of Maine. Read and committed.
Mr. PETRIE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported bills for the relief of Parmcha
Slavin, and for the relief of Jonathan Slyter; which
bills were severally read and committed.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of George W. Milam. Read and committed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
tiansmitting, in obedience to the act of 21st April,
J808, and &I March, 1809, exhibits of contracts
made by that department dming the yeais 1846
and 1847. Also, a statement of the payment of
miscellaneous claims, together with statements of
expenditure from the marine hospital fund, with
the aggregate heads of expenditure for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen in each year from 1836
to 1847, inclusive. Laid on the table.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, tiansmitting, in compliance with the act of
1st of May, 1820, a statement of the appropriations
for the naval service for the last fiscal year. Laid
on the table.
The Senate bill to remit the duties on books*
maps, and charts, imported for the use of the Li-
brary of Congress, was taken up, read twice, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
TFIE INSTRUCTIONS TO MR. SLIDELL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the business on the Speaker's tabic, viz : The
message of the President of the United States,
transmitting documents m relation to the return of
Santa Anna and Paiedes to Mexico, and refusing
to communicate a copy of the instructions given to
Mr. Slide]} when minister to Mexico.
Mr. ROOT, of Ohio, being entitled to the floor,
occupied his hour in discussing the war and pub-
lie affairs generally. [His remaiks will be found
in the Appendix.]
MODE OF PAYING THE PUBLIC REVENUE.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Morriihad, of Kentucky, in the
chair,) on the special older, \iz :
A BILL ref|inrin  nil moneys loceivahle from custom*. and
from all other sources, to bo paid immediately into Hie
Treasury, without abatement or deduction ; and for other
pin post's?.
Be it ot'ttlcd, <$v., That, fiom and after the thirtieth day of
June, ei«htt en linndri d and fortj-eieht, the gioss amount of
all duties iee< ived fiom customs, from the sales of public
land-, and fmm all nn*-cell«ineous source-;, for the use o! the
United States, «hnM he paid, by the oflieei or agent receiving
the same, into the treasury of the United States, at as early
a da\ apracticable, without any abatement or deduction on
account of salary, fee-, costs chaises, expenses, or claim of
any de-onption whatever: Provide>L That uoiiung lieiein
eoiitained shall be constiued to alter the ex^tinc laws regu-
lating tin collection ot the ic\cmu's of the Post Office De-
paitinent.
See. 2. Jlrul be it further enacted. That so much money as
m.u be neccs-arv for the p.ument of debentures- or rtiaw-
baeks, bounties, and allowances which are or maybe autho-
rized and pa> able after the day aforesaid, be. and the same
are hereh\, apnropiiated tot that purpose, out ol any m m y
hi the treasuiy, to be expended under the direction ol u
Secretary of that department, according to the taw amno-
rizuig said debentures or drawbacks, bounties, and
See. 3. M he it further enaetei. That it shall lie the duty
of the Secretaiy of the Treasury to submit to i_onere~t,at
the commencement of the next regular session estimates
of appropriations which may be required to prov.de for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs, and also
