464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15.
from the p.iblic land*, for the second half of the next fiscal
\ear ami K.'i arat.* estimates for the said purpose for the year
endin' the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fi;ty; and
similar estimate* from year to yrnr thereafter.
See. 4. J3fid be if further enaited, Tnat ^o much money as
ma\ be nece^ary to pay the expenses of collections referred
to in the next preceding section, find until s-peeific appropria-
tions for the objects shall be made by Oongj^ss, be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
tiea^ury, to be exp'iuled alter tLe thirtieth June, eighteen
bumlied and forty-ei ht, under the direction of the Secre-
tary thereof, conformably to law and regu'ation: Provided,
That the expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
shall not thereafter exceed tne sum of one million five han-
dled and eiKty thousand dollars per annum, and in proportion
for a less time.
This bill having been read—
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the 4th section,
after the words "next preceding section," by in-
serting " including the first half of the next fiscal
year."
Mr. McKAY went on then to explain the ob-
ject and provisions of the bill. The title expressed
them in substance. It required that all moneys
receivable by the Government after the 30th June
next, should be paid immediately into the treasury
without any of the deductions heretofore made.
These deductions had been vatious; some for the
amount paid to importers in the shape of deben-
tures and drawbacks, also m bounties to fishing
vessels, and also for the expenses of collection.
The practice heretofore had been to withhold these
various amounts, and not to pay them into the
treasury at all. Any gentleman who had a curi-
osity to see what these several classes of deduc-
tions had been, might find them in a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the year 1845, where
they would find a table setting forth the gross
amount of revenue received, and then the several
heads of deduction, together with the amounts de-
ducted. By looking at the first column of this
table they would find that the gross amount of
revenue accruing from imports that year was
$30,892,000, of which $1,783,000 was paid for de-
benture and drawback. Then came allowances
on the reexportation of refined sugar; then boun-
ties and allowances on fishing vessels; and, lastly,
the expenses of collecting the revenue; from ail
which it appeared that, out of the $30,892,0U0
received, but £26,326,000 were actually paid into
the treasuiy. The chief item withheld was the
amount paid for collection.
Mr. McK. here read a table to show how the
expense of collecting the revenue had gradually
increased, until in 1846 it amounted to £*2,059,000,
and during the presentyearhad risen to $2,090,915.
Mr. McK. admitted that, during a few years past,
Congress had done much to regulate the expendi-
tures under the Treasury Department, in the mul-
tiplication of revenue officers, and in the budding,
at the mere d.scretion of the Secretary, of as many
revenue cutters as he chose to order. These could
not now be built, unless after explicit ptevious
appropriations. Previous to the passage of these
salutary laws, the Executive had it in his power
to fix the number of surveyors, gaugers, and clerks
at his discretion, as well as the number of revenue
cutters, and he was fully authorized by law to pay
all these expenses out of the gross amount of reve-
nue jeceived. This Mr. McK. considered as high-
ly imptoper. He went into other remaiks illus-
trative of the benefits of restraining this discretion
and subjecting all these expenditures to the spe-
cific provisions of law, and highly commended the
legislation of Congress with this view, so far as it
had gone.
The number of collectors and their deputies was
still wholly undefined by law; in some ports the
salary of deputies was $1,000, in others $1,500.
In the port of NewYoik alone there were ex-
pended as much as $100,000 a year for the salaries
ot clerks; yet the amount of compensation paid to
each was left wholly under the control of the Sec-
retary. This was all wrong. This class of ex-
penditures was rapidly increasing, and it was high
time that a stop should be put to such a state of
things. -Mr. McK. dwelton the extravagant sums
spent in useless experiments in regaid to revenue
Steamers and experimental revenue cutters. He
read an extract fiom a statement from the depart-
ment, in winch it was said that the sums expended
on these experiments would have provided twenty-
eight armed brigs of two hundred and fifty tons.
The present Secretary of the Treasury entirely
disapproved of such a state of the law, and was
desirous that the wide discretionary power he now
exeict&ed (should be defined and limited by pro-
visions of law, and intrusted to specificappropria- I
tions. Mr. McK. quoted from his report a para- j
graph in which that functionary gave it as his j
opinion that a saving of at least half a million of i
dollars mijrht be effected in the collection of the '
revenue. He proposed as a maximum to cover all j
this expense the sum of $1,525,000. The Com- !
mittee of Ways and Means were unanimous in j
reporting this bill, and believed that even a larger |j
sum might be saved than that named by the Sec-
retary. Here Mr. McK. quoted from the commit- ;i
tee's report. Last year, as he had shown, thecost ,!
of collection had amounted to $2,090,000. The Sec- ;;
retary thought it might be reduced to $1,525,000. j!
As a medium between these two sums, the com- |
mittee recommended that it be fixed at $1,550,000, 1
and the bill required that the whole amount re- ;!
ceived before the 30th of June next should be ij
paid without any reduction into the treasury, and ,<
that these indefinite appropriations should be made I
to provide for paying out a^ain the sums needed j
for debentures, drawbacks, &c., and that next ses- !.
sion the Secretary should submit to Congress an jj
estimate of the cost of collection up to the close of jj
the fiscal year 1850. Congress could then appro* u
pnate the necessary amount. # |j
Mr. McK. insisted it was not right in principle 'j
that, after the people had been required to pay b
large'sums in the shape of duties on imports for ||
the use of Government, that any deductions should I j
be made out of that amount at the discretion of a jj
Government officer. Quite too much was at pres- h
ent left to Executive discretion. The Executive !;
department had no desire to retain this discretion ,!
in their hands, but were willing and desirous ethat
it should be restrained. i;
In the public statement annually made of the ex- jl
penditures of the Government, the amounts thus |
deducted from the gross amount of the revenue ;•
before it reachcd the treasury did not appear. I;
From looking at the face of that account, any one I
not apprized of the real state of the case, would
suppose that it comprised the whole amount of the \
Government expenditure; but it was not so It t
showed a less amount by two or three millions
than was actually the case. This should be cor-1!
rected. The bill would prevent this false appear
ance of the statement, and would give a true expose
of the whole expenses of the Government. Great ,!
good would result from the passage of the bill; it
would carry out both the spirit and the letter of
the Constitution, which required that all moneys
received for revenue should be paid into the treas-
ury of the United States, and that none should be
drawn out of the treasury save by warrant of law. |
A large saving would be made in the expense of >
collection: the Secretary thought fhis might be ,1
done, and Mr. McK. was in favor of trying it. -|
Mr. MURPHY was understood to say, that so Si
far as the expenses of the collection of the revenue ]j
were concerned, he entirely agreed with the gen- i
tleman from Nouh Carolina. But he wished to -
inquire of that gentleman whether he could show .
any recommendation from the Secretary of the
Treasury, that the amount paid for drawback must
first be paid into the treasury before it could be ,,
paid over to the importing merchant who reexport-
ed goods he had brought into the country ?
Air. McK. making no reply, Mr. M. would sub- ,
mit whether it could with truth be said that this
was money paid by the people to the Government? |
It was money advanced, temporarily, by the im- j|
potter, to be returned to him as soon as he recx- !;
ported Ins imported goods. To require that these
amounts should all be first paid into the treasury, 1
and not repaid until specific appropriations could
be made by Congress, must operate greatly to em-
barrass the commercial business of the country.
Mr. M. had no desire to throw impediment in the
way of measures which had received the sanction
of the Committee of Ways and Means, but he
would request that the bill be informally passed by
for the present, until further time should have been
afforded to examine its practical effect. i
Mr. McKAY replied, that if the gentleman had
examined the report and the provisions of the bill,
he would have seen that there was no foundation
whatever for his apprehensions as to any embar-
rassment being caused to the business of the coun-
try. He here entered into an explanation addressed
to Mr. Murphy, but which, from the positions of .
the parties, svas almost entirely lost to the reporter.
He understood Mr. McK. to refer to a bill report-
ed by Mr. Cambreleng, requiring all moneys paid
under protest, to go immediately into the treasury;
and that large sums hail been paid out ot it the
present year for diawback and debentures. So he
understood Mr. McK. to say, but even of this he
if? not entirely ceitain.
Mr. HUNT observed that this bill certainly
made very material alterations in our revenue sys-
tem, and was of too much importance to be acted
on without careful consideration. For himself, he
had had no opportunity to examine the provisions
of this bill. It had just been printed, and it was
reported on the 9th of this month. There had not
been sufficient time afforded for its examination.
From the slight reflection he had given to it since
it came up, he was satisfied that its provisions were
right and pioper, so far as it applied to the salaries
of our officers who were employed m collecting
revenue. He thought the money should be paid
into the treasury in the first instance, and that the
salaries of (he collectors, like those of otheroffieers,
should be drawn from the treasury by appropria-
tions made by law.
But there was a serious difficulty about the sec-
ond section. He agreed with his colleague [Mr.
Murphy] in the opinion that it would subject our
importers to very serious inconvenience and diffi-
culty. "Whenever they made application for draw-
backs, they would be obliged to come here to t>.e
Treasury Department; and in these cases, which
were numerous and frequent, delays would be like-
ly to arise, and they be subjected to serious ex-
pense and inconvenience. The duty of the collec-
tor in those cases was nothing more nor less than
to pay back the amount of duties which he had
received, deducting two and a half percent. He
had received a communication from an intelligent
merchant in New York, who represented that this
provision of the bill would subject the importing
merchants to very serious inconvenience; and he
thought they ought, at all events, to give this very
important class of our community an opportunity
to be heard.
He hoped his friend from North Carolina [Mr.
McKay] would either consent to strike out this
section or postpone it—for a week, if the gentleman
pleased—to give the House further opportunity to
examine the bearing of this part of its provisions.
He should be very unwilling to make so important
a change, affecting commercial transactions in all
our large cities, as this second section would, with-
out more scrutiny and examination than gentlemen
on all sides had been able to give to it.
He was very sorry to throw any impediment in
the way of the adoption of the other provisions of
the bill. He thought they ought to be enacted into
a law, but he was not prepared, and he thought it
was very evident the House were not prepared, to
act upon this on the spur of the moment.
Mr. POLLOCK said he concurred entirely with
the gentleman from North Carolina. He thought
that this was, to all intents and purposes, a reform
bill. No serious objection could be urged to its
passage. There was no good reason why the mo-
ney received from customs and the public lands
should not be paid into the treasury, and appro-
priations be made by law for the salaries of collec-
tors and receivers as they were for the salaries of
all other officers. It was truly a reform bill. It
would effect a saving of half a million of dollars
annually to the Government, and would secure fhe
Government from frauds on the part of those who,
under existing laws, received payment of demands
upon the Government without appropriations made
therefor by law.
He could not perceive the force of the objections
that had been urged against applying this princi-
ple to the payment of debentures. "He thought
those objections had been answered by the gentle-
man fiom North Carolina. At present more than
one-half of the debentures were paid by the Treas-
urer of the United States. No delay, no inconve-
nience could arise to the importing merchants from
the simple transfer of the payment of debentures
from the collectors of customs to the Treasurer of
the United States, which was oil that this section
of the bill contemplated. The bill, viewd in every
possible light, threw around our public moneys
every security that could be demanded. It gave
to the moneys thus received the supervision of the
Treasurer of the United States, superadded to that
of Congress, to whom by the Constitution was
committed pm ticulaily the supervision of the ex-
penditure of all moneys by the Government.
As had been stated, three years were allewed in
