THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF'WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RI^ES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 18,1848,
New Series....-.Ne. 30.*
which drawbacks might be demanded. If these
moneys were allowed to remain in the hands of
the collectors of customs, as they now tOd, it af-
forded them- the opportunity to speculate upon
them. There might be millions in their hands. *
It secured the public creditor also from the fail-
ure of the collectors, because this Government
would not be bound to indemnify the importers for
losses sustained by them.
They also knew that the amount of expenditures
in the various departments of this Government was
regulated more by the appropriations than by the
wants of the Government; that was to say, that,
however large the sums which were appropriated
and placed at the disposal of our disbursing officers,
they were all sure to be expended.
Mr. HUNT interposed and (Mr. P. yielding)
remarked that, according to the gentleman's con-
struction of this section,importers who paid money
into the treasury upon exportation of their goods
would be required to come to the Treasurer of the
United States to receive their drawbacks. •
Mr. POLLOCK replied that all they would have
to do would be to come to the Treasurer—and that
was what they now did in nine cases out of ten—
and receive their drawbacks out of the treasury of
the United States.
Mr EVANS, of Maryland, said, if he under-
stood the explanation of the gentleman from North
Carolina, it would not he necessary to require par-
ticular appropriations for these payments, but I hat
this bill made a general indefinite appropriation for
the purpose.
Mr. McKAY, in reply, remarked, if we made
an appropriation for the salary of the clerks m the
custom-house in New York, nobody supposed that
they would be required to come to Washington
.to get their pay, but that they would receive it
through the collector at New York. So, if Con-
gress made indefinite appropriations for deben-
tures) the merchants would receive the payments
of them at New York.
Mr. EVANS. So I understand; and that is
right.
Mr. HUNT inquired if it was now in order to
move to strike out the second section? If sso, he
would make- that motion.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not, as
that section had been passed, and the fourth was
now under consideration, to which an amendment
was pending 1
Mr. McKAY said, under tho establishment of
the warehousing system, there was perhaps no !
necessity at all for the law which allows cleben- j
lures. Under the warehousing system, any mer- j
chant could bring his goods in, and was not re- j
"quired to pay duties until he look them out. He ,
understood—not from the Secretary, however—
that the Secretary of the Treasury had this subject
under consideration, and that he might make some
recommendation to Congress—to repeal the law
allowing drawbacks, perhaps.
He thought the section as it now stood was per-
fectly harmless, and he hoped the committee would
not stiike it out.
Mr. TOOMBS said, that in very many cases
there might be the same necessity for the law al-
lowing drawbacks as existed before the adoption
of the warehousing system. For instance, many
of these importations might be brought in m one
shape, and be exported in another. It would then
be necessary lo remove them from the warehouse.
Mr. McKAY (in his seat) was understood to
assent to this suggestion.
Mr.TOOMUS (continuing) contended, however,
that the second section was eminently proper, in
order to give efficiency to the bill. It gave rise to
no other difficulties than at present existed, for
now nine-tenths of the drawbacks were paid at the
treasury. If they struck out the second section,
we would be compelled to have large and indefi-
nite sums of money in the hands of our collectors;
and little, therefore, would be accomplished to-
wards those refoims which the bill contemplated.
Th(^ great object to require appropriations to be
made bv law before the moneys were paid out
would be entirely defeated, so far as the payment
30
of drawbacks was concerned. This bill had been
well considered, and was efficient for the purposes
which it sought to accomplish. Those purposes
were to carry out important constitutional provis-
ions. He trusted the committee would not agree
to the motion of the gentleman from New York to
strike out.
The CHAIRMAN reminded him that the mo-
tion was not pending, not having been received.
Mr. GRINNELL said the only possible objec-
tion to the provisions of this bill which struck'him
was, that underitthe importing merchant who was
entitled to receive his drawbacks would be required
to come to Washington, before the Secretary of the
Treasury, before he could receive them. If this
could be remedied by any amendment, so that when
the collector gave his debenture, showing that so j
much money was due on the exportation of goods, j
the merchant could take that certificate to the sub- i
treasurer, or any other officer, and receive his j
money, the wholedifficulty would be removed. But I
if the merchant was compelled in every case, upon j
the exportation of his goods, to send his claim here,
to have some agent at Washington, or to come j
himself, for the purpose of procuring his drawback, I
it would involve so much inconvenience and ex- !
nense that they would have lo reneal or alter the j
law. He could not see, under the second section, !
any other mode by which these settlements were j
to be made. He understood that the merchants ;
would have to send their debentures here, and ;
would have to meet any informalities or objections ,
at a distance from home, wheieas at. home they !
could be easily remedied. He could see no objec- j
tion to the other provisions of the bill, but much
to commend them to the favorable consideration
of the House.
• Mr. McKAY said that as the bill made a gen-
eral appropriation for cases of this kind, the mer-
chant would have only to present his claim to the
collector and he would receive his drawbacks. As
it was in the War Department, our soldiers who
were in Moxico had to be paid. The Secretary of
War made a requisition upon the treasury for a
million of dollars: a million of dollars were drawn
out under the forms of the law, and placed in the
hands of paymasters, and by them were disbursed
according to law. So it would be under this bill.
An appropriation would be made by Congress;
(lie collectors of the different ports would want so
much money for the pay of drawbacks, and they
would pay H out to the just claimants. Thus gen-
tlemen would see that the difficulties which thev
were fearful would be involved were wholly imagi-
nary.
Air. McLANE desired to call the attention of
the gentleman from New York to the concluding
provision of the second section of the bill. The
second section, having made full indefinite appro-
priation to cover any amount of money that micjit
be in the treasury of the United States under de-
benture, proceeded to state that these moneys
should be expended under the directions of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. These directions now
existed, and by them the money was now paid
out by the collectors. It was not to be drawn out
on treasury warrants, but, under the. directions of
the Secretary of the Treasury, would be paid out
any day and any hour in the city of New York
any amount of drawbacks.
Mr. MURPHY, remarking that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLave] represented that
this money was not to be drawn out on treasury
warrants, asked what then would be the benefit of
this provision ? If the money went into the treas-
ury, it must come out legally by warrant.
The gentleman from North*Carolina said this
money would be paid out as the soldiers were paid
in Mexico. Here, then, was a large amount which
would he drawn by the collector or other paymas-
ter in New York, and kept in his hands for the
purpose of paying these drawbacks, as, from time
to time, they were demanded. Now, he asked,
what check was there in such a provision? He
had supposed that the object was to take it out of
the hantU of collectors. But, even if it were to be
drawn out by warrant, he told gentlemen, from
experience, that often and often had it been the
ease, in the navy departmental New York, that the '
public creditors had been kept back from receiv-
ing* their money for months, when the Government
was straitened for means. He was not opposed to
this bill; he merely asked time to consider its pro--
visions.
Mr. GRINNELL suggested to-the.House-an
amendment to the second section, which he thought
would obviate the whole difficulty, and he hoped
unite all in favor of it. He hoped the gentleman
from North Carolina would approve of it. He
read the amendment, and explained that it simply
recognized the idea that these payments of draw-
backs were to be made at the ports whence the
goods were exported.
| Mr. SAWyER said he understood that the
l second section was not under consideration, and
I therefore the amendment was not m order.
I Mr. GRINNELL replied that he supposed, it
j would be in order by the general consent of the
! committee. This bill had come up rather unex-
■ pectedly—not having boon printed or offered for
j their inspection until to-day. He thought the ob-
1 ject of the bill a good one, and was in favor of it;
! but he thought some amendments to the second
| section were necessary, in order that the merchants
; should receive their drawbacks at the ports whence
' they export their goods.
! Mr. SAWYER insisted upon his point of order;
j which was sustained by the Cluur. '
! Mr. McKAY said he did not think there was a
! necessity for the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. It simply required the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be deposited with the
collectors of the various ports sums of money suffi-
cient to meet the demands upon them for draw-
i backs. Now, that was what the section itself
authorized. It made an appropriation; and when
, an appropriation was made by law, of course it was
j the duty of the officers who have the disbursement
j of it, to make that disbursement with as much con-
! venience to the public creditor as possible. The
i amendment gave no additional authority at all. '
! The section provided that the moneys thus appro-
j printed should bo expended under the direction of
j the head of the department..
i Now, with reference to the remark of the gen-
, tlemnn from New York, that the money would
! accumulate in the hands of (he executive officers,
'! did not ilu« gentleman know that at this session
I thev* h:t'l ^'proprinted and would appropriate
, §50,0110,000, and that the Executive might draw
i every doii.ir of it from the. treasury, and place it in ,
i the hands of the disbursin^officers? But, although
j he had the lc al right, it would be highly improper
! in him to do it. • When these appropriations had
j been made, they were drawn for from time to
; I time, according to the exigencies of the public
j' service. No doubt if this second section stood as
II it was originally reported, the Secretary .would so
! i direct the expenditure of the money as to work the
j least possible inconvenience to the mercantile com-
j munity. If there were the slightest foundation for
I the apprehensions which were entertained, he would
| agree to the amendment of the gentleman, but it
j would do no good, as the section itself provided for
j the same object.
i The CHAIRMAN again announced the ques-
| tion to be on the amendment of Mr. McKay to
! the fourth section.
! Mr. GRINNELL moved that the committee
! rise, and remarked that he would be willing to take
! up this bill again at whatever time the gentleman
I from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] desired; but
the House wanted time to examine it, and were
! unprepared to act upon it now.
j The motion to rise was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment or
  Mr. McKay, it was agreed to.
i Mr. HUNT moved to add at the end of the
fourth section the following:
Provided, also, That 5lt drawbacks, debentures, and boun-
ties, authorized bv law, maybe paid by the collector of cus-
toms at the port of exportation, without previous application
to the Treasury Department, and in the same manner prac-
tised heretofore.
Disagreed to.
