1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on the Contingent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate atlow and pay,
out of the contingent fund ot the Senate, to James Moore,
the same per diein compensation that is now allowed and
paid to the boys assisting the mail carriers of the Senate^ he
having performed the same duties during the 28th Congress
without compensation.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
Frederick Dawson, James Schott,and Eiisha Dana
Whitney, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for their relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the same Committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Leslie Combs,
submitted a reporty which was ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
to V{hom was referred the memorial of the widow
and legal representatives of Reuben Lassiter, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom were referred the
bills from the House of Representatives for the
relief of John Mitchell, and for the relief of John
Mauley, reported them without amendment.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. DOUGLAS asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to establish the
Territory of Nebraska; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous conscnt, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BENTON asked and
obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution to pro-
mote the purchase of American hemp for the use of
the American navy; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous conscnt, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
EXAMINERS OF PATENTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments made by the House of Representatives lo
the bill of the-Senate to provide additional exam-
iners in the Patent Office, and for other purposes;
and,
On motion of tftr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordenii, That they ho referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Commodore Koxali A. Parker, of the United
States navy; and,
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof
be postponed until to-morrow.
HILLS FROM Till? HOUSE.
The bills from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Sarah Stokes, widow of John Stokes;
for the relief of Esther Russell; for the relief of,
Jonathan Moore, of the State of Massachusetts;!
for the relief of Robert Ellis; and for the relief of j
Catharine Fulton, of Washington county, Penn- |
sylvania; were severally read the first and second I
times, by unanimous consent, and referred to the |
Committee on Pensions. j
The bills from the House of Representatives |
relating .to the collection district of New Orleans, !
and for other purposes, and for the relief of the
Red River Railroad Company, were severally read j
the first and second times, by unanimous conscnt, I
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The bills from the House of Representatives for .
the relief of Stalker and Hill, and for the relief of j
Reuben Perry and Thomas P. Ligon, weie sevc- j
rally read the first and second times, by unanimous !
consent, and referred to the Committee of Claims. \
The bill from the House of Representatives for \
the benefit of Benjamin White, was read the first ■
and second times, by unanimous consent, and re- ,
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bills from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Anthony Bessee, and for the relief of
Charles Capped, were seveially lead the first and
second times, by unanimous conscnt, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The Lnil fi imi the House of Representatives for the
relief of G. F. de la Roche and W. X'. S. Sanger, ,
was read the first and second tunes, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The bills from the House of Representatives to
change the name of Photius Kavasales to that of
Photius Fisk, and to amend the act entitled " An
act to regulate the proceedings in the circuit court
of the United States, and for other purposes,"
passed 8th August, 1846, were severally read the
first and second times, by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of George R. Smith was
read the first and second times, by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAGBY gave notice that on to-morrow, or
at an early day, he would ask leave of the Senate
to bring in 'a bill relating to the public lands.
JOHN PAUl JONES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
' for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones; and
they were concurred in.
• CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the joint resolution to create
a board to ascertain and determine the amount of
each of the claims of the citizens of the Unitedl
States against Mexico; and
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of La., it was
Ordered, That it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. •
THE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
Mr. CASS moved that the prior orders of the
day be postponed, and that the hill making pro-
visions for an increase of the regular army be taken
up; which was agreed to.
The question pending being the motion by Mr.
TJuti.eii, to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with instructions to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the following:
"That the icgular army shall En- increased as follows, to
wit. To each company of artillery, infantry, and regiment
of rillcmcn, tlicie shall tic added   privates, and to each
of the regiments aforesaid as many -ut,a] U'l us as will pro-
vide two first lieutenants and two second lieutenants respect-
ively: Provided, That the said troops shall be loquiied to
serve during the war with Mo\ieo, but may be sooner dis-
charged by order of the Piesulent."
The yeas and nays were demanded by Mr.
BREESE, and being seconded, were ordered and
taken with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Boll, Berrien, BiHlcr,
Cnlhoun, Clnrlco, Clayton, Uorwhi, Crilh-nden, Davi* of
Munsueltunetts, Dftyton, Greene, Hair, Minimum, Phelps,
and Underwood—17.
NA -Messrs. Allon, Ashley, Atchison, Athcitun, Bag-
by, Denton, Biadhnry, firees", Cameron, Casi, J)a\i-* of
M|J|)i, Du'kuiMHi, Div, l)oa(da>«. Dowtw. I'VlHi, flan-
noyan, Hunlt'i, Jolm-on of <«Vnrj  a, Johnson of Louimuiiu,
Lewis, Mason, ftlooi, Niks, Shirycon, Tuiney, VY'e.s(coU,
and Vuico —
The question being oil the passage of the hill,
Mr. CALIJOIJ.N .«uid: I had noanlieipation that
this bill woifrkl ho put on its passage, to-day. I
have had no opportunity of being heard upon it,
and 1 desire to ofler my views before it be passed.
With this view, I hope it may be laid over till to-
morrow. I move that it be laid over till to-mor-
row.
Mr«CASS. I have merely to observe that if the
gentleman wishes to offer some remarks on the bill,
T will hear him with great pleasure. But the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Mason] has the floor.
Mr. CALHOUN. I had forgotten that; and of
course I do not desire to be heard before ihe gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. When this bill was under the
consideration of the Senate some three weeks smoc,
the debate was made to embrace the entire subject
connected w ith the origin of the war and its conduct
on the part of the Government of the United States.
It was my purpose then to have gone into the debate
to the extent to which it had then proceeded. But
since that time, events have transpired, perfectly
well known to the country, which would, in my
judgment, render it inexpedient, if not impossible,
\o present views intended for a totally diiferent
state of the case. Wh%t these events are I may
not be perhaps permitted to allude to here, further
than as they have gone forth to the country on
well accredited rtimor. But, sir, I have not yet
; heard that a peace has been made with Mexico.
1 It such be the fact, I am uninformed of it. That
, a negotiation may be pending may be true—that
j an armistice exists between the two contending
| armies may be true. But if that he true, it exists
only on a rumor, which, as I have said, is so well
accredited as to render it in bad taste to speak of
one who was an enemy in the terms in which I
should have been disposed to do on a former'occa-
sion. I have said, that, so far as I am informed,
there is as yet no peace with Mexico., Now, if
such be the fact, where is the policy, where is the
wisdom of refusing to pass this bill? If negotia-
tions, with a view to peace, are pending, have we
not had such experience of the- character of that
foe with whom we were once, and may be again,
engaged in warfare as teaches us the necessity of
all proper precaution now ? Do we not know that
if Mexico be brought to listen to the terms of peace,
it will be because she has been prostrated and ren-
dered powerless by the force of our arms ? Do we
not know that up to a very late^period, with a per-
fect consciousness that it must lie madness to resist
longer, the spirit of every party in Mexico was
averse to a peace? 'A spirit of infatuation seemed
to pervade them to the last moment, when they
were forced to submit to the stern lesson of infe-
riority. Now, who can doubt—I submit to Sena-
tors around me and to the country—who can doubt
that if Mexico should acquirc fresh confidence from
any occurrences here, nothing would be so likely
to be seized upon by her as a determination on the
part of this Senate to stop where we were, and re-
frain from making any further provision to carry
on a war? We have learned that Mexico is a wily
and a faithless fo^. What was her conduct with
regard to the mission that was sent to her, on her
own invitation, before the war began, and which
was promptly acccded to with the view of prevent-
ing hostilities? She invited a minister, and prom-
ised to receive him. lie was sent—sent speedily—
in order to evince the earnest desire on the part
of this Government to prevent a war. The dis-
courteous reception with which that minister was
met is known. The Mexictvn Government denied
that his mission was even anticipated ! Procrasti-
nating, delaying Mexico sought refuge in every
possible expedient, and attributed our indulgence
to pusillanimity and weakness. The minister was
instructed to remain and to preserve the equanim-
ity of his temper in all his intercourse with Mexi-
co, to avoid a collision, and, if possible, to adjust,
by negotiation, the difficulties pending between the
two countries. But our minister was compelled
to return from his bootless mission. Again, how
was it after the war had commenced, and when
our armies were thundering at the gates of Mexi-
co? A faithless armistice was proposed. Mexico
sought a suspension of hostilities, with a view to
negotiation. It is now known to history, that in
violation of the stipulations of that armistice every
hour was employed m strengthening their defences *
with a view to carry on the war ! Such is the char-
acter of thid foe. Now, whether thcie be or be
not a peA<-o resulting from the negotiation now
spoken of as pending is a tale yet untold of time;
and he is a bold man who, knowing what is now
knosvn, will venture to form a deliberate judgment
that peace will follow. My own decided impres-
sion, then, is, that every consideration of prudence
and wise policy demand that this bill should pass,
and pass immediately. I had made up my mind
not to enter into the subject-matter of the former
debate. It would be unsuited to the occasion to do t
so. I hope that the time has gone by for the dis-
cussion of that question, but the lime has not gone
by for those military measures which should be
prosecuted promptly, in order lo evince such a de-
termination on our part as will compel the Mexi-
can Government to declare an honest and bonajide
cessation of hostilities. I have risen merely for
the purpose of expressing that opinion. I trust
that there will not be any debate further than that
indicated by the Senator from South Carolina*, but
should there be any new debate, I may enter into
it when it arises.
Mr. BADGER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. CASS. I hope that the Senate will not
agree to that motion. It appears to me that there
is business of vastly more importance to be acted
on in open session.
The yeas and nays were demanded on the ques-
tion, and being seconded, were taken, with the
.following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Berrien, Butler,
Calhoun, Clarke, Clayton, Coiwin, Crittenden, Davis of
Massachusetts, Greene, Hale, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum. Phelps, and Underwood—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, flabby, Benton.
Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Davis of Mia-u-
