1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
is not right, and never submitting to anything
that is wrong. On what principle, then, are we
about to send out an army to drive a bargain with
"Mexico? He thought it clearly unjust to urge on
Mexico to surrender any portion of her territory;
yet, from the message of the President, which was
explicit on this point, he could not doubt that this
was one of the purposes of the present bill.
Mr. B. went on to inquire into the constitution-
ality of the war with Mexico. He maintained that
the President could not of himself place the coun-
try in a state of war. A mere collision of troops
was not war, unless sanctioned by the Government.
He referred to the instructions of the Secretary of
War to General Taylor, that he should not confine
- himself to defensive operations, but that he should
act aggressively. It was proper that General Tay-
lor should place himself in a strong defensive
position; but he could have no sufficient authority
for acts of aggression. Tie referred to the corre-
spondence of the War Department to sustain him
in this statement. It was the duty of the Execu-
tive to instruct General Taylor to defend himself;
but to instruct him to carry on aggressive opera-
tions indicated a determination, from the first, to
conquer and obtain Mexico.
He adverted to the claims of our citizens against
Mexico, and to the steps which had been taken by
the Government to obtain a recognition and liqui-
dation of them. He read extracts from the public
documents, to show that the poverty of Mexico
alone prevented her from discharging her obliga-
tions under the treaty which she had entered into
■with, the United States for the adjustment of these
claims. We had no more right to complain of
Mexico for her non-payment of the claims, than
Mexico had to complain of us for an interference
.with Texas. She had an acknowledged right to
endeavor to conquer her revolted province, and to
compel her to contribute lier poition to the general
indebtedness of Mexico; and we, by merging Tex-
as into our Union, had thwarted her in this object.
When we took Texas, we placed ourselves in a
position which rendered it-liable for the default of
Texas in relation to Mexico. Under these circum-
stances, it was incumbent on us to treat with Mex-
ico in a liberal spirit. And ho believed it was origi-
nally the intention of our Government to act towards
her in that liberal spirit. Whether it was in that
spirit that Mr. Slidcll was sent was another ques-
tion, and a question on which ho was not now
permitted to speak. IfMr. Slidelt's mission was a
mission of peace, the sending of General Taylor
to the Rio Grande, and of Captain Gillespie to Cal-
ifornia, was scarcely consistent with it.
Before Texas came into the Union, she agreed to
pay live millions of the debt of Mexico for her in-
tlepcndence, and we have deprived Mexico of that
amount by admitting Texas into our Union. He
b'clicvcd that when the correspondence between
our Government and Mr. Shannon should be pub-
lished, it would show that we were disposed to set-
tle our claims both to boundary and indemnity on
the most liberal basis. As to the boundary of
Texas, he combated the idea that her right of soil
extended to the Rio Grande; and asked if the in-
habitants who fled before General Taylor were
Texnus or Mexicans f He was opposed to the
cesnion of any territory which Texas had not a
right to code, lie denied the right of Mexico to
cede any of her independent Stales to us; and ex-
pressed astonishment that such cession should have
ueen demanded by our Government. And what
could be our object m asking a cession of terri-
tory ? Had Congress disclosed any great public
object which was to bo promoted ? He maintained
that, unless for some great national purpose point-
ed out by Congress, we had no right to ask from a
foreign nation a cession of territory. We have no
right to admit foreign territory into our Union for
the mcie purpose of forming new States. Louisi-
ana was acquired to quiet the discontented popu-
lation of the West, and on the ground of a strong
and inevitable necessity. The purchase was made,
and received the sanction of Congress. And it
was the same with Florida. But no such claim of
necessity exists to justify the acquisition of Cali-
fornia and the territory to the Pacific, which is only
suitable for a Mexican or an Indian population. It
can avail nothing to us for the purposes of cultiva-
tion or settlement. California is mostly a sterile
desert, for the possession of which it would be folly
to enter into a war. Mexico has evinced a strong
reluctance to cede New Mexico, alleging that the
inhabitants are loyal, and ought not to be trans-
ferred to the United States. And is it to overcome
this reluctance that these new troops are to be sent
to Mexico?
He was opposed to the sending these ten regi-
ments to trample down Mexico further than she
had been trampled on. He would take indemnity
for our wronged citizens, but he thought our honor
had been sufficiently redressed. He had no desire
to annex to our country a population dissimilar in
all its aspects. He was opposed to it, further, be-
cause he could not but fear the effects of it on our
southern domestic institutions. We may properly
shut our doors, and say that we had already suffi-
cient territory: that from thirteen we have increas-
ed to sixteen States; and that we require nothing
further. To what further extent will the cupidity
of our people carry us? Will it carry us to wase
war in /Canada? or to extend our territory still
further south, by annexing the adjacent territory ?
Have we counted the costs of this process of ex-
pansion ( Have we calculated all the expense and
inconvenience of subjugating and keeping in sub-
mission the savage and warlike tribes with which
we must necessarily be brought in conflict in our
career, and the further perils in which we may be-
come involved ? How could our Supreme Court,
already burdened beyond its power of relieving_
itself, by the business of our present population,"
carry out the administration of justice through all
the new countries which we may bring into our
Union ?
In every view he could take of the subject, he
could not bring himself to the conclusion, that it
was cither necessary or proper to send out these
ten regiments to reinforce our army in Mexico.
He reminded the Senate that the force of our pres-
ent army, after the regiments were filled up, would
be suflicient for all contingencies likely to occur.
Mr. ALLEN then said: In looking over the pro-
ceedings of the Senate, I find that this bill was taken
up on the 30th of December; thai the discussion on
it was opened on the 3d of.Tanuary—more than two
Oionths since; the Senate, in the meantime, having
been occupied in its consideration, with the excep-
tion of the last two weeks, which have been spent
in Executive session. Now, sir, it does seem to
me, that there ought not only to be an end, but a
speedy end, put to this subject. I believe, that
when the discussion was suspended on account of
the other matter, of which I am not at liberty to
speak, almost every gentleman of this body who
intended to speak at all upon the bill, had spoken
fully. 1 believe that the best thing which can be
done to accomplish the end which all profess to
desire—the final and diplomatic termination of this
win-—would lie, to vote for a conditional augment-
ation of the military force of the country; and that
vote to accompany llio minister who will bear the
despatches to Mexico. That is my opinion. I am
of opinion, that, if this vote be not taken, and if
what may transpire here shall be permitted to trans-
pire with the presumptive evidence that the country
is disarmed, and is disarming, nothing beneficial
will be the result. That is my deliberate opinion.
I think that a vote now—to-day—or, at least, to-
morrow, upon this bill, is absolutely necessary to
the welfare of our interests in Mexico; and, enter-
taining this opinion, and in consideration of the
time alit'mly consumed in this discussion, looking
i also to the advanced period of the session, and the
increasing desire on the part of all Senators that
I the session should not be protracted throughout
I the whole year, 1 do hope that to-morrow, «t the
I very farthest period, the vote of the Senale will be
| taken on this bill.
| It is in vain to say that gentlemen have not bad
an opportunity of being heard on this bill. There
has been sufficient opportunity for all to be heard.
It is in vain to say, that any recently occurring
I events change the reasons upon which the Presi-
■ dent recommends this bill. Although I_ am not
i one who, for the sake of patronage, desires this
augmentation, yet I would much rather that the
augmented patronage which this bill will give the
Executive should be created, than that the public
interests of the country should be put in peril, and
be, per.haps, permanently endangered, as I believe
they will be, by the further procrastination of the
action of the Senate. I believe that we should
treat, armed, and not disarmed—that we should
treat with manifest readiness to meet any emer-
gency which failure-of negotiation might bring
about, and not treat with a declaration in advance,
that if Mexico refuse to make peace we cannot
prosecute the war any further. I believe that some
evil has already been done, and on another occa-
sion I intimated the same opinion to the Senate,
in consequence of relaxing the muscles of the coun-
try in this struggle. I do not want to see a greater
degree of lassitude in this contest, until we know
that this war is not only concluded, but concluded
by a treaty of peace. I do not wish to have a ces-
sation of war without a treaty of peace, because
that would be to protract the struggle indefinite-
ly, and without any great and fixed object on the
part of the Government. According to the views
which X expressed on another occasion, peace
might have, as I thought, been obtained more
speedily under other circumstances, and other au-
spices; but in no circumstances does the history
of the experience of other nations or common
reason lead us to any other conclusion than that
warring nations should make peace before they
disarm. If there b'e an armistice, it is an ar-
mistice that acts upon us alone, and not upon
Mexico, because she is disarmed. We are the
armed party; and every hour that this war remains
unclosed bya treaty is an hour of detriment to the
interests of this nation. Gentlemen may exclaim,
What! do you mean to scare Mexico by arming
anew! Why, we mean to impress Mexico em-
phatically with this important truth, that if she
does not choose to make peace, she has no other
alternative but war—that we are not going to souml
a retreat when it is ascertained that she is not pre-
pared to sign a peace. This is the sentiment with
-which she should bo impressed. She should bo
distinctly advised that what has been done, has
not resulted from our weakness, but from our sense
of justice and our sense of moderation. There-
fore, we should manifest no weakness, but stand
armed till she signs; and if she do not sign, man-
ifest to her the fact that we are armed. That,
sir, is my opinion, as one who believes that in the
present state of affairs peace is desirable. What
I might have said six weeks ago is one thing, and
what I say in the present state of our relations with
Mexico is another thing. I say, that in the present
state of these relations, peace is desirable;.but I
say, also, that in order to attain greater certainty
of peace, we should not disarm before the peace
is signed, but stand prepared with all the readiness
of battle. Now, this bill, if it pass, will do no
more than sanction the President in making a con-
tingent augmentation of the army as a precaution-
ary measure. That is all. If peace come, the
troops will not go; if peace fio not come, the troops
ought to iro. It is a plain proposition. If there be.
a peace, the soldiers will not march; if there be no
pence, the soldiers should march. We can there-
fore inflict no injury on the interests of the coun-
try by the passage of this bill; and I desire,having
of course no right to speak in behalf of others, that
we will not let to-morrow pass without the final
action of the Senate upon this bill. In the mean-
time, there can be several speeches made. If neces-
sary we can sit here all night. But let it be under-
stood and firmly resolved, that the vote will be
taken before we adjourn to-morrow. I shall be
o-lad if this suggestion meet the general concurrence
of the'Sen ate.
Mr. FOOTE then made some remarks in reply
to that portion of the argument of the Senator
from Connecticut, which was directed against the
acquisition of additional territory, on the ground
that thereby the influence of the old States would
be weakened.
Mr. CALHOUN. If no gentleman desires .to
speak on this bill, I should be glad to have an op-
portunity of stating my views on it to-morrow.
The reasons which compel me to vote against the
bill have been mistaken. I intended, even if the
treaty  . ,, .,
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senator yield the
floor for a moment. 1 see that the usual hour ot
adjournment has arrived.
Mr. CALHOUN. I have only one word to say.
I had intended to vote against this bill in any event;
and I must say, that an occurrence which has re-
cently taken place, rather strengthens my in em. on
to vote against it. I have had no opportunity,
however, of expressing myself on the subject, and
have occupied very little of the time of the Senate;
and if it snould please the Senate to postpone the
consideration of the bill till to-morrow, I would
regard it as an accommodation.
t)n motion, the Senate then adjourned.
