470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, JUarch 16, 1848.
  7
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution reported by Mr.
Thompson, of Kentucky, from the Committee on
Printing, directing the printing of ten thousand
extra copies of the abstract of contracts, commu-
nicated from the War Department in January last,
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB said he had a very few words to offer
by way of giving his reasons for moving the recon-
sideration. He entertained little doubt that very
few members of, this House knew what was the
character of the document.
Mr. CROZIER rose to a point of order, and,
stating that the previous question had been moved
upon the adoption of the resolution, inquired of the
Speaker if the motion to reconsider was debatable5
The SPEAKER replied that it was—the previ-
ous question having exhausted itself.
Mr. CROZIER remarked, that if in order, he
had no objection to the matter being further deba-
ted. On the contrary, he was very glad the gentle-
man from Georgia had again brought it up.
Mr. COBB (resuming) said the members of the
House were not aware of the nature of the docu-
ment of which they had ordered this extra num-
ber of copies to be printed. He was not himself
informed of its full character when this resolution
was adopted yesterday. Immediately upon its
adoption, he hunted for the document in order to
examine it, and he found it had not been printed,,
and therefore was not m possession of the House,
though it had probably been examined by the com-
mittee to whom it was referred. He had, however,
obtained a copy of the document, of similar char-
acter, of the last session of Congress, and, upon
examination of the manuscript in the hands of the
printers, had ascertained that the document of this
session corresponded with that of the last session
of Congress. In moving to reconsider this reso-
lution, he wished it distinctly to be understood
by the House that he did not object to the printing
of the document. The printing had been ordered
some time ago, and it was now in the hands of
the printers. It ought to be printed and put ill the j
possession of the House and of the committee, '
in order-that they might have the information it j
contained. To that he had no objection what-
ever. His objection was to the printing of an extra
number, for the reason that it was, as it purported i
to be, a mere abstract of the contracts made by the 1
officers of the army. It did not communicate to
the country that information which it was, per-
haps, the object of gentlemen to throw before the
people; but it was a mere general account, calcu-
lated to do gross injustice to the character of those
officers who had made the contracts, without afford-
ing the opportunity, on their part, to give to the
country any explanation whatever. The printing
of this extra number (whether it was so intended
or not) was calculated to have the effect ofmducmg
the opinion, on the part of the country, that Con- ;
gress looked upon these contracts with suspicion, j
and regarded them as fiauds, and thereby the char- !
acter of those individuals whose names were con- j
nected with them would, without discrimination, 1
be called to suffer, and no opportunity whatever !
be given them for explanation. j
He would refer to some of the items contained 1
in this document of the last session of Congress, I
for the purpose of exhibiting its character, and the !
ground of the objection which he now took to !
printing an extra number. He read an item for '
the transportation of troops, §1,800. Now, this |
was all that was said in reference to this contract. !
Whether it was a just and proper one, whether
the officer who made it acted fairly and justly to
the Government, there was no evidence whatever
contained in the document which they sent out.
But they proposed to print a large number of ex-
tra copies and send them out to the country with '•
the general charge made by the gentleman from
Tennessee yesteiday, that gross frauds had been
perpetrated m making these contracts, and all the
individuals whose names were connected wnh the
contracts were involved in this imputation of fraud.
There was no specification whatever which of
these contracts were fraudulently made or wherein
the frauds consisted. In looking over the list they
found many expenditures which, on the first blush,
would be considered highly improper, such as the
I prices paid for steamboats, for horses and mules,
perhaps, and for various other things. But if the
circumstances were also shown under which the
contracts were made, it would be seen that they
were fully justified. In sending out this mere ab-
stract, however, no such vindication went out with
it, and all who had made these contracts, whether
justly and fairly or unjustly and unfairly, suffered
equally in the imputation.
Another idea, connected with the publication of
these abstracts, ought to be considered by the
House, upon the principle of justice to all those
who would be affected by the publication of this
document in this manner. It would be recollected,
in reference to the Florida war, the war of 1812, and
every wai in which this or any other Government
had been involved, that officers connected with the
army had made contracts of a grossly improper
1| character, which had been seized upon, not for the
' puipose of attaching blame and odium to the offi-
cers who had made the contracts, and who ought
to be held individually responsible for their im-
| proper acts, but as the ground of attack upon the
Administration and the head of the department, by
holding them responsible for the charges thus made
against cettain of their subordinate officers which
they were allowed no opportunity to explain. This
was peculiarly the case in reference to the Florida
'war. Mr. Van Buren's administration was charged
with fraud and corruption on the ground that con-
tracts of a very improper character had been made
during the prosecution of that war. Now, he pro-
tested against this system of holding the head of
the War Department and the Administration re-
sponsible for the conduct of individuals who acted
upon their own responsibility as officers of this
Government,and more particularly so upon a doc-
ument sent out which did not afford evidence of
the circumstances under which they acted.
He therefore proposed, instead of the printing
of these extra documents, as the proper course,
and the one justified by the circumstances of the
case—as that course callcd for by a sense of jus-
tice to these officers of the Government, as well as
to the heads of the War and Wavy Departments,
and all others interested—that the document, as
originally proposed, and as had been the invariable
custom, should be printed; that the information
which it contained should be laid before Congiess,
and placed in the hands of the Committee on Pub- 1
lie Expenditures in the War and Navy Depart-
ments—to the former of which the gentleman from
Tennessee belonged—who would have it in their ,
power to bring it to the notice of the country by
looking into those cases where frauds had been
committed, by investigating those instances where
individuals had made contracts m corruption and
fraud upon the Government. The gentleman from
Tennessee alluded to one case which came either
within his own personal knowledge or informa-
tion. Let him direct his attention and that of the
committee to the investigation of this case; let him
use the power of this House for the purpose of
gathering evidence on which these charges are !
made. Fair opportunity should be allowed to i
every officcr to explain his conduct in transactions
on which charges were brought against him. If, ;
when this had been given, it appeared that any of j
these officers had acted unjustifiably, let the com- i
mittee proceed a step further, and inquire whether •
j the superior officers of the army who had these J
, matteis under their supervision had allowed them i
j to pass unrebuked, uncensured: let them come up i
j to the very head of the department and of the Gov- !
I ernment, and wherever they found anything im- i
' proper or unjust committed—wherever they found !
I fiauds sanctioned in any degree'—let them hold j
; not only the individuals who committed, but those j
i who overlooked and sanctioned them, responsible
: before the country. He submitted to his friend [
from Tennessee whether this was not the only :
l course which, m justice to all interested, could be ;
I pursued. j
This document, containing abstracts of contracts !
and payments, was sent in according to law by the j
head of the department, to furnish information on I
which the House, if they discovered frauds, could [
base their action, and not, as the gentleman from i
Tennessee seemed to suppose, for the purpose of
going out before the country as the basis of impu-
tations of fraud, which could not be sustained if
the whole circumstances were given. Justice to
the individuals immediately concerned, as well as
to the heads of departments and the Executive
required that such charges should be based on
some more substantial foundation.
The gentleman from Tennessee had said that the
opposition of his (Mr. Cobb's) side of the House
to this printing manifested a desire on their part to
suppress information. This was not so. They
had no desire whatever to suppress it. It had
been communicated to Congress by the head of
the War Department; it had been ordered to be
printed and placed in the possession of every mem-
ber of the House and of the committee. All the
objection was to printing an extra number, to be
sent throughout the country as a charge, as was
intimated by the gentleman from Tennessee upon
| these officers and upon the head of the department,
j It was wholly wrong, involving men in charges of
which they were entirely innocent.
f He trusted, therefore, that the gentleman from
i Tennessee would consent to this reconsideration,
| and that the committees of this House would in-
! vestigate the matter, and wherever they found that
i frauds had been committed, that individuals had
used the power of their offices improperly, unjustly
I to"the Government, he would go with the eentle-
! man, and so he thought would the whole House,
S in ferreting out these frauds, and holding those who
i had committed or participated in them justly re-
j sponsible before the country. Let the responsi-
| bility fall upon the heads of those who were cul-
! pable, and not involve innocent men whose names
j weie connected with these contracts,
j Mr. CROZIER remarked, that as he had before
| said, yesterday and to-day, he was not opposed to
j the discussion of this question, if the gentleman
J desired—not at all. He was glad the gentleman
| had brought it up this morning. It gave him the
- opportunity of correcting a mistake made in the
j Intelligencer, in the report of his remarks yesterday,.
1 by which he was made to say that, for the trans-
| portation of eight hundred horses and mules from
i Ohio, the cost to the Government was §800,000.
What he had said was, that the cost of these
j horses and mules was about $80,000, and the ex-
! pense of their transportation was about §30,000,
|j being ^33 50 per head; that, while the Government
11 was paying this high price for horses and mules in
!t the State of Ohio, and these high prices for their
transportation to the State of Texas, General Tay-
| lor was at the very time hiring a mule and a driver
upon the Rio Grande for fifty-five cents per diem,
and mules which were much better adapted to the
service for which he wanted them than those which
were purchased, being already broken; and that,
under the contracts entered into by General Tay-
' lor on the Rio Grande, it cost less to transport his
! whole army from the banks of the Rio Grande to
! Monterey than the cost of thc.se eight hundred
| mules and horses in Ohio, and their transportation
j to Texas.
| Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I should
i like to know why horses were ever purchased in
: Ohio?
• Mr. CROZIER. That is the very thing I want
| to know, too. He had said yesterday that it was,
on the part of the Government or of the head of
the department, a gross error of judgment, or a
negligence that amounted to fraud, not to inquire
| into this matter; and he had said then, that if any-
j body would take up these abstracts 
j Mr. FRIES, interposing, (and Mr. C. yielding,)
] was understood to advise the gentleman that it was
perhaps not best to make the charge of fraud upon
■ this Ohio contractor, for he was a Whig, and be-
: longed to the gentleman's own party.
Mr. CROZIER (resuming) said if frauds had
been committed, to whatever party the person be-
longs, let them be exposed. He further said that
General Taylor, if they would authorize his con-
tracts upon the Rio Grande, had made them all
with the most rigid regard to economy. Steamboats
' had been chartered by some officers at half the
piice that others had chartered boats for. He dici
not wish to disparage the officer who had made
these contracts, or to praise General Taylor, who
contracted at so low a rate for the mules and boats,
of which he had spoken in his remarks of yester-
day. It might be that there might not have been
much demand for them when General Taylor made
his contracts; but it must strike everybody that
General Taylor's contracts were less than half the
price of those subsequently made.
Now, having corrected these errors of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, he would come to the argu-
ment of the gentltiman; and what was it? The
