m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 16,
thought hia colleague, in his zeal and earnestness,
had mistaken the object of the gentleman from
Tennessee. At least his colleague had mistaken
his (Mr. S.'s) yesterday, in voting for the printing
of this document, and that which he should give,
too, against the reconsideration. It might be, when
this document should have been published, and the
people have had an opportunity to see it and to
ascertain how their money goes, that it might be
foijnd that frauds had been committed. That,
however, was not the object of the publication of
the document. It was not intended to arraign the
contractors on charges of fraud and corruption; the
object was to give the people light. He asked if
the argument of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Crozier] did not put him in that position ?
But how stood his colleague, [Mr. Cobb?] Wo
report accompanied this document, it was a mere
abstract of contracts as it had been sent to this
House by the Secretary of War. And yet his
colleague opposed its publication in an argument
which put him in the position of being afraid that
the people would not understand it. ..Now, he
(Mr. S.) wanted the people to know what became
of their money. They were the tax-payeis; they
bore the burdens of the war; was it not right, then,
that they should know where every shilling and
sixpence went? For one. he was willing to give
it to them. Let this document, then, be printed.
Let a number of copies be sent before the people
of the country. No injury could be done to the
contractors. He disavowed any intention to injure
anybody; but he called upon the House to let his
constituents and the entire country see and know
where their money went. The position of his
colleague was, that the people were incompetent
to judge of the propriety of these contracts 
Mr. COBB interposed to explain. He said his
objection was not to the publication, if it %vould
convey information; but he objected because it did
not convey to the mmd any satisfactory informa-
tion. He did not object to sending anything be-
fore the people that would be useful; but this was
a mere abstract, and was not satisfactory for the
purpose contemplated.
Mr. STEPHENS said it showed clearly what
was done with their money; and, if he understood
it, that was what the people wanted.
Mr. COJB.B said the people want to know whelher
their money had been spent rightfully and proper-
ly, and that this document did not show.
Mr. STEPHENS. His colleague said it was
impossible, from this document, to know, with
accuracy, what did become of the money; but, if
he understood it, it was a report of the Secretary
of War, made in compliance with a call of this
House. Was it the object of the Secretary of
War to make a report so that no man could tell
what had become of the money? Was that the
position in which his colleague wished to repre-
sent the Secretary of War?
Mr. COBB again interposed to explain. The
document was made in compliance with an express
law of Congress, which required an abstract of this
kind. This abstract showed where the money
had gone, but his colleague and the gentleman
from Tennessee appeared to think that the object
was to show whether the money had gone right-
fully or not. That the abstract did not show, and
could not.
Mr. CROZIER said the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] wished to bring this matter down to a
single issue. Now, he had examined the docu-
ment, and he reiterated, that in some cases it would
show on the face of it whether the contracts were
fraudulent or not, and whether they were correct
or not. And as an additional inducement with the
committee to recommend this printing, there were
contracts which looked as though they were cor-
rect, that might not be so. He would not say that
they were fraudulent; they were apparently cor-
rect; and if this document were published, per-
sons living at the places where the contracts were
made, might be able to bring them to the notice of
the committee, and give them information which
would go to show whether they were fraudulent
or not.
Mr. COBB asked the gentleman from Tennessee
to put his finder on any contract that was not fair.
Mr. CROZIER referied to the transportation of
horses. He said further, there "were contracts from
his own district, which had been bid for at prices
that were considered low. but they were rescinded
by an officer of the United States, who made a
; Mr. McCLERNAND resumed. The gentle-
i man renewed the disclaimer; but Mr. McC. spoke
to facts, not to appearances or pretexts. It must
i be obvious to all that the mover of this resolution
| meant to fix upon the present Administration the
I charge of fraud in reference to these contracts. He
contract with a favorite, by which the Government,
in the transportation of one regiment, lost from
two to three thousand dollars.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. COBB
and Mr. CROZIER, and between Mr. FRIES and
MMn FR?ES^said, in relation to Mr. Minor, of |j repeated it, he was speaking to facts, not to pre-
Columbus, that if there was fraud, it was in the i! tences, or professions, or pretexts. Having made
family circle of the gentlemen opposite? for they j: this charge of fraud, he moved for this republication,
were all of the same political party. i But the gentleman from Georgia had said that the
Mr. STEPHENS then resumed. He said this j: document proved only what was on its tace: anil
conversation between the gentlemen from Tennes- i, what was that? That a large sum of money had
see and Ohio, if there were nothing else, convinced : gone out of the treasury, and the people, the gen-
him of the importance of publishing this docu-tleman contended, had a right to know for what,
ment. Now, he again urged the House to let these ; Well, this was all very well. No one denied it.
things go to the people of this country, for it was But had the gentleman forgotten the fact that the
for them to say whether their money has been , ( motion of (he gentleman had been accompanied by
wastefully and extravagantly applied. It might ■ a speech? Ihe document would go to the countiy
be, when the people become cognizant of these :! accompanied by a charge of fraud.
things, they would be struck with the facts as light ,1 Mr. CROZIER said that the gentleman from
fell on their vision. It was for this reason that'[ Illinois had fallen into two mistakes hi one sen-
information was given to the people. This was j; tence. In the first place, this document never had
not brought forward with a view to impeach the i1 been published at all; and in the next place, that
contractors, but to let the people see how their / Mr. C. had charged fraud upon the Administra-
" " ....   , i; tion in letting out these contracts for supplies. bo
|i far was this from being true, that Mr. C. had ex-
it pressly declared in his speech that it gave him
!' pleasure to state that some of these contracts had
money was applied. It might be the people might
see that there were frauds committed. If the con-
tracts were all honest, they would bear seeing:.
What cared he, whether an individual living in
Ohio was a Whig or a Democrat. As a represent-
ative'of the people on this floor, was he to wink
and blink at peculations of the public money, be-
cause a Whis: stole it? No; he did not care whether
Mx*. Minor was a Whig or a Democrat, or any-
been entered into with the utmost fidelity and
economy.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he spoke to the gen-
eral effect of the gentleman's speech. He would
appeal to every one who heard him, whether the
thing else, and he trusted the people would have l} evident design of this republication was not to fix
all the information on this subject that would be ,j a charge of fraud on the Administration. That
necessary to explain it. Whig or Democrat, it >\ was plainly the drift and effect of the gentleman's
made no difference to him. The conversation which !j argument. Hearing this charge of fraud brought
had this day taken place, showed him the import- <; forward by gentlemen in the Opposition, the gen-
ance of giving to the people this information. His tleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] came forward
colleague said that they on his (Mr. S. *s) side of the ij and asked the gentleman to modify his resolution,
House, had the power to proceed with the invests- / so as to order a committee of inquiry into any
gation of this subject against the contractors; but / frauds that might have been committed. But no,
he (Mr. S.) disavowed it, and called upon gentle- ! the gentleman resisted all modification of his reso
men opposite to aid him in giving the people this
light. If the contracts were honestly made, he
saw no reason why an attempt should be made to
prevent this publication. If the contracts were
honestly made, U would make no difference to the
contractors, if they were published on the wings
of the wind. Why should gentlemen oppose the
publication of an official document from their own
fiscal officer?
As to the cost, they were told it would be trifling
in comparison to that of other documents which
had been ordered to be printed. Would gentlemen
lution; he resisted the overwhelming argument and
appeal of the gentleman from Georgia, and insisted
on standing, where he had done from the first, on
mere party ground. And what had he made by
his motion? He had charged fraud in two in-
stances—not any fraud that could be shown by the
face of the document, but from extrinsic evidence
entirely: and what was the result? Both his charges
ended m fastening the fraud, if any had been com-
mitted, on members of his own party. So far as
the House had yet gone, instead of any blame
lying on the Administration, it was fixed, by the
vote to expend $40,000 in publishing a report from j: gentleman's own account, upon his own political
the Commissioner of Patents and refuse a few hun- \\ friends. What was there irregular or unfair in
dred dollars to print a report informing the people ji the argument of the gentleman from Georgia?
of the manner of expending some fifty millions of I That gentleman had said -that this document, on
the public money ? He trusted not.
Allusion had been made to the Whig side of'the
House as pressing this publication for party ends.
He trusted that gentlemen on the other side, who
claimed to be the exclusive guardians of the peo-
ple's rights, would not refuse to let them know
what had become of their own money. When
one of them sent an agent to dispose of his crop,
he exacted at his return a-strict account of what he
had done with the money received for it: and would
its facc, did not show whether a contractor alleged
to have been favored was a friend of the Adminis-
tration or not. But if the object was to expose
fraudulent transactions, that gentleman proposed
that a committee of investigation should be raised,
so that the frauds, if any existed, might be held
up to public reprobation. Was there not justice
m this? Did it not appeal to the common sense of
the House? Would gentlemen, without any cer-
tain information to go upon, openly charge fraud
members of that House, where the people weie upon our public officers? Were they prepared to
directly and especially represented, the stewards of 11
their money, refuse them an account of how it had
been applied ?
Mr. S. would not insult the House by argument
on such a question: it was a plain question of com-
mon sense and common honesty. Let the people
know how much they were paying for glory. Let
them see what millions were coming in which they
must settle. Mr, S. had no objection that his peo-
ple should see the whole truth.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that this document
had already been published by order of the Houae.
This being the case, the gentleman from Tennes-
see moved the printing of an additional number,
and to what purpose? The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] disclaimed its being for any
mere party purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS, interposing, said that he did
I disclaim it. The measure was urged for no party
I purpose: it was brought forward with a view to
i let the people be put in possession of information
1 which it was important for them to possess. This
j was a public official document. Let the people
( have it; they were entitled to a sight of it.
do this? Was it not an act of injustice that gentle-
men would afterwaids be ashamed of? If fraud had
been committed, was it not according to the usage
of the House to ascertain the fact by a committee,
and then deal with the offenders according to law?
The gentleman from'Georgia, over the way. said
that the country had a ri?ht to know what had
gone with their money. So they had : and the
public documents would show what had gone with
it: they were before the country.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman said this
information was before the country. He (Mr. S.)
denied it: this was an official document stiil in
manuscript, which never had been printed, and
which they on that .side of the Irfouse wanted to
have printed and put before the country, ft never
yet had been pnntcd even for the use of the House,
and the public had never seen a line of it. It was
true, the usual number of copies had been ordered,
but e\en these were not yet printed: but they
wanted many more, for the purpose of distribu-
tion; and this was the only document in which
this information in-relation to contracts was to be
found in any detail.
