1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
Mr. McCLERNAND resumed. The usual num-
ber of copies had been ordered, and the document
would thus be published to the country. But the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] wanted a
committee—he wanted a thorough investigation,
that the names of those who had entered into any-
fraudulent contract might be given to the world,
and thereby other contractors freed from suspicion.
Those on Mr. McC.'s side of the House were not
unwilling that an extra number of this document
should be printed; they made no issue upon that:
what they wanted was, that honest men's fair fame
should be vindicated, and all frauds exposed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said that it
seemed to him that this whole discussion arose
from a misconception of the design of the commit-
tee in reporting this resolution for printing an ex-
tra number of this document. Thegentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Crozier] belonged to a commit-
tee who had been charged with -mquiring'whether
frauds had not been committed in reference to pub-
lic contracts for supplies, transportation, &c. That
committee had some time since moved the printing
of an extra number of copies of this abstract of con-
tracts. This was before the news had reached us
of the conclusion of a treaty of peace.
Mr. T. understood that the gentleman had made
the motion because he wished that the information
contained m the document should go before the
country, not that he charged that frauds had been
committed, but if any did exist, that the people,
might be aware of it. Not only was tins no party
movement in its first inception, but when the reso-
lution was afterwards referred' to the Committee
011 Printing, so far from anything like party action
being taken upon it, that committee (to which Mr.
T. belonged) were in favor ot printing the docu-
ment simply for this reason: the abstract showed
that many millions of dollars had been expended
for the hire of steamboats, the purchase of horses
and mules, and Hour and pork and beef, and the
munitions of war. The war was then m progress.
Mr. T. wanted those in Ohio arid Kentucky who had
provisions to sell to know what had been paid to
others for them: hedesired that his own constituents
and others should be apprized that large specula-
tions were making m the articles which they raised,
and would be glad to sell to the Government, or any
other responsible purchaser. And not only that,
but if any exorbitant prices had been paid for the
hire of steamboats, for the purchase of mules and
their transportation, for flour and beef and other
provisions for our troops, he wanted the whole
country to know it, because it would excite com-
petition, and thereby possibly save much of the
public money by preventing further extravagant
contracts. This was the open straightforward pur-
pose which had induced the Committee on Pruning
to report the resolution, fie never had learned
that a fair competition between the producers for
the public contracts was calculated to injure the
Government. He must be allowed to say that the
document, the printing of which seemed to have
so greatly excited gentlemen on the other side of
the House, was their own document; and all that
was proposed was to print it, without note, com-
ment, or commentary, or explanation, or animad-
version of any kind. If a public official return of
facts could not be sulfered to go before the nation,
it was a very strange thing, it never was intend-
ed as a party movement: it was honestly intended
to give vuluable information to the public, and
thereby to prevent the Government from bcnig
fleeced by unprincipled men, who were ever ready
to take advantage of the public necessities and to
prey upon then- country. Its tendency was to
deliver the Government from a gang of Shylocks,
who, without patriotism or common honesty, were
ever ready to enrich themselves at the expense of
their country. So far from having reported it
* with any party view, Mr. T. had not so much as
dreamed of making such a use of it.
Mr. T. should, before he concluded, move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. He
sought no concealment for any fraudulent con-
tractors. Let gentlemen investigate as thoroughly
as they pleased. He charged no l'raud; but if gen-
tlemen wanted au investigating committee, let tliem
have it. Let them seaich .tu the bottom, and if
there weie fraudulent contracts, (if such a thing
could exist,) let the fraud be fastened on the guilty
jmrties, and, whoever they might be, let them go
to the wall. If there was to be an investigation,
that was but an additional reason for adopting this
resolution, because the printing of such a docu-
ment would be a material aid in conducting such
an investigation.
Mr. T. concluded by moving to lay the motion
of reconsideration on the table; but at the request
of Mr. McKay, who promised to renew the mo-
tion, withdrew it.
Mr. McKAY said he had no doubt that the
object of the Committee on Printing in repprting
this resolution had been to disseminate information
among the people; he thought, however, that, this
practice of ordering the printing of large extra
numbers of any public document was, to say the
least of it, very questionable. But, not to dwell on
that, Mr. McK. would ask of gentleman whether
their object was not to give the people full and fair
information ? They surely did not wish to deceive
the country. Now, he would venture to say, that
this document would not give them a fair view of
the expenditure of fifty millions of the public
money, as was pretended. The amount had been
enormously exaggerated. These contracts were
those which had been made during the last fiscal
year; but the fiscal year ended on the 30th June.
The whole amount could not reach twenty mil-
lions', and, be the amount what it might, it would
show but a very small part of the public expendi-
tures.
Mr. CROZIER here interposed, to remind Mr.
McKay that in his speech he had expressly said,
that he did not know the exact amount; that it
might be fifty millions. The document might cover
the whole expenditure, or it might not; he had
estimated it at thirty millions.
Mr. McKAY said the abstract reached only to
the end of the fiscal year; being just such a docu-
ment as had been sent in last year and printed by
order of the House. But the most extraordinary
leason he had yet heard given for printing this
large extra number was that stated by the gentle-
man who had just taken his seat, and who had
reported the resolution from the Printing Commit-
tee. The gentleman said he did not charge fraud,
and the publication of the document was intended
for no party purpose; for what then? Why, to
produce greater competition. Why, did not the
gentleman know that tins was an abstract of past
contracts, not of those yet future? If the object
was to create competition by publishing the con-
tracts, that was already accomplished, for these
contracts were all let out after publicly being ad-
vertised for a prescribed length of time. Such ad-
vertisements were made in the. papers every day;
contracts for forage, for fuel, for provisions, &c.,
were making continually, and the fullest and fair-
est competition was invited by advertisements in
the most widely-spread prints of the day. But
this was not the purpose tor which he had nsen.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired whether the adver-
tisements of which the gentleman^poke (as if it
was not known to everybody) gave people through
the country any knowledge as to the prices actu-
ally paid by the Government for such articles as
flrere to be furnished? Would a farmer in Ken-
tucky learn from them what he might get for his
flour or beef or beans at New Orleans, or at the
Brazos St. Jago?
Mr. McKAY (resuming) observed, that he had
not the slightest doubt that some enormous prices
had been paid for steamboats, for purchase of
mules, &c.; he had not the slightest doubt that
there had been great waste and extravagance, and
he called now upon the gentleman from Tennessee,
the chairman of the Committee on Public Expend-
itures of the War Department, [Mr. Chozier,] to
perform his duty to the House and to the country
by instituting a" full and rigid examination of all
these matters; and if there had been any fault on
the part of these public oilicers, if any of them in
the execution of their public trusts had committed
fraud and extravagance in procuring contracts for
supplies, let it be known, and let their names bp
I held up to the country—to the public indignation
i and reprobation.
I This was the duty of the gentleman, and now
i he came forward, atter Congress had been m ses-
j sion three months, and he had been charged with
the execution of this duty, and what did he pro-
pose? The publication of an extra number of copies
of this document, to go forth to the country, to
alarm the people; to say to them, those who were
the friends of the war, "See what monstious ex-
' travagance this Government has been guilty of in
' making these contracts—paying $100 for mules
' in the valley of the Mississippi, when they could
' have been procured at the same time on the Rio
' Grande, for $10, $20, or $30. See what enormous
'prices have been paid for corn, oats, &c. For
' seven or eight days' use of a steamboat, seven or
' eight, or ten thousand dollars—as much as was
' the actual cost of the boat." This was right, the
gentleman said. Well, for what did they send it
out? To give information to the people, certainly.
But it should be borne in mind that most of those
officers of theGovernmentwho had made these con-
tracts were the gentleman's own political friends—
nearly every one of them were Whigs—he assert-
ed it boldly, defying contradiction. But it was no
matter whether they were Whigs or Democrats.
If they were Democrats he wanted them exposed;
whoever had been guilty of frauds upon the Gov-
ernment, he would join in bringing them out to the
public reprobation.
But he wished to read to his friend from Ten-
nessee and to the House, the rule defining the du-
ties of the Committee on the Expenditures of the
War Department. Its duties ana the duties of the
Committees on the Expenditures of the other De-
partments were laid down together:
" It shall be the duty of the said committees to examine
into the state of the accounts awl expenditures respectively
submitted to them, and to inquneand report particularly—
" Whethei the expenditures of the respective departments
are justified by law;
" Whether the claims from time to time satisfied and dis-
charged by the respective departments arc supported by suf-
ficient vouchers establishing their justness both as to tlieir
character and amount," &c.
Now, here was the specific duty of this commit-
tee. Gentlemen wanted this information to go to
the people, to let them see the great extravagance
which had been committed. Now, the gentleman
from Tennessee, who was the chairman of this
committee, who ^had been engaged in the exami-
nation of these accounts for the last three months,
had come forward here yesterday and very frankly
told them that a large portion of these contracts
were perfectly honest and properly made, but then
that there were others, he believed, which were
unjust, extravagant, fraudulent. He made a gen-
eral allegation of fraud. Could he pick out the spe-
cific cases ? Let the gentleman take this document
—he was the chairman of the committee, having
access to the department—and make a thorough
investigation; for as he understood the gentleman,
he was not prepared to-day to put his linger upon
any one of these contracts which he could state
unequivocally to be fraudulent.
Mr. CROZIER (Mr. McK. yielding) said he
was very much obliged to the gentleman from
North Carolina for the lesson which he had given
him. He (Mr. C.) himself had read the rules sev-
eral times. The gentleman had been told that this
document had never been punted at all. lie had
looked into the manuscript slightly; he had noted
down some fifty or one hundred contracts to be
examined into, and whenever this document was
printed and placed in the hands of the different
members of the committee they would go to work.
It would take them—not only during the ordinary
committee hours, but sitting the whole time when
the House was in session—until Congress adjourn-
ed, and perhaps longer, to examine it fully; but
stili they would do whatever they could. In the
mean time, however, the committee thought they
could gain information from the country by circu-
lating the document, and that cases might he
brought to their notice peculiarly demanding in-
vestigation. The committee would do all within
their power in the matter. He knew the gentle-
man from North Carolina on this subject of ex-
penditures was a rigid master; but he thanked the
gentleman for his teachings, and he thought the
committee would follow them.
Mr. McKAY (resuming) remarked that he had
not intended, by referring to the rule, to express
the idea that the gentleman was not inclined to do
his duty.
The House of Representatives (he continued)
was the grand inquest of the nation. By the Con-
stitution of the United States, impeachment could
alone be presented to this House. If l"ef"e J?as
any public wrong or fraud committed by the .hx-
ecutfve branch of the Government, or any part of it,
here was the place where the inquiry must be made
and prosecuted. It was therefore the duty of this
House, by its organs—these various committees
on the expenditures of the several departments to
commence the investigation of any wrongs which
