474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
had been done, and which were to be held up to
the country. Now, what he proposed to the other
side of the House in all frankness was, if any frauds
had been committed in the making of these con-
tracts, let it be fully investigated; and he would go
as far as he who went farthest in holding it up to
public scorn and indignation. Let them reconsider
.this order for the printing of extra copies; let the
committee resume the investigation, or commence
it, if it was not already commenced; let them take
9p all those cases where there was any appearance
of extravagance or fraud, and push them to the
extreme of scrutiny, calling on the officers of the
department for information; and'if they could not
satisfy them that all the transactions were per-
fectly fair, let the committee come forward with a
report exposing whatever extravagance or fraud
had been committed, and he (Mr. McK.) would
vote with the gentleman to print any number of
extra copies he might desire. Let the whole
matter go forth to the country by report of the
committee, containing specific allegations, with the
explanations which were given.
In compliance with the pledge given to Mr.
Thompson, Mr. McK. concluded by renewing the
motion to lay on the table. j
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and j
being taken, resulted: Yeas 93, nays 78. I
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table, j
THE PUBLIC REVENUE. I
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved >
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union, (Mr. Rockwell, of Connecticut, in the
chair,) on the special order, viz: the bill requiring
all moneys receivable from customs, and from all
other sources, to be paid immediately into the treas-
ury, without abatement or deduction, and for other
purposes.
The question pending when the committee rose
yesterday was on agreeing to the amendment of
Mr. Hall, of New York.
Mr. HALL withdrew his amendment, 'for a
moment, at the request of—
Mr. McKAY, who, remarking that it was not
in order to go back to the second section, except
by general consent, asked such consent to enable
him to offer an amendment to that section, which
had been agreed upon by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Grinnell] and himself, in conse-
quence of the doubts yesterday expressed as to tiie
working of that section as it stood in the bill.
In o objection being made—■
Mr. McKAY offered the following amendment
to the second section:
c< Provided, That the collectors of the custom* shall he
the disbursing agents to pay the aforesaid debentures, draw-
backs, bounties, and allowances, and that all debenture
certificates, issued according to law, shall be received in
payment o! duties at the custom-house where the same has
been issued—the laws regulating drawbacks having been
complied with."
By the laws of 1789 (he remarked) the collectors
were made the disbursing; agents of the Govern-
ment, and these drawbacks were paid, as he had
stated yesterday, out of the gross products of the
customs. Inasmuch as the first section required
that these gross duties should be paid immediate- !
ly into the treasury, them might be some doubt :
whether, under this law, the collectors would con- j
tinue to be the disbursing agents. His opinion i
was that they would. But to remove ail doubt he !
offered this amendment. '
The question being taken, the amendment was ;
agreed to. ;
Mr. HALL renewed the amendment which he i
had offered yesterday, with certain modifications \
to make it read as follows: ;
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed to report to Cnn- j
at the commencement of the next session thereof, the
actual amountof moneys in the treasuiyot the United States !
at the commencement of the fiscal year on the 1st day of July,
1848. stating m such report what portion of such amount
brlongs absolutely to the United States, and what portion
thereof is htdd mtiu<t,<ind the nature and description of
each n{ the trust* under winch such moneys are held, and
the amount hold under each of said tru-ts respectively; and,
in casp the amount of trust funds theretofore paid into the
trrasmj of the United States, and not expended in discharge
of its duties as trustee, shall exceed the balance then m the
treasury, that he ^hali state the amount of such ti list funds
so paid'tnfo the tiea.-ury and not expended as aforesaid, un-
der ea^h ofsueh tru'-ts respectively; and that said Secretary
of the Treasurv shall, at the same time, report to Congress a
statement of all the outstanding warrants drawn agaiust the
ireasurj and not paid at Lfie commencement of the >aid li cal
year, stating the amount* of each of said wairarits., and the
. accounts on which the same were drawn, and whether the
same were or were not drawn on account of trust funds
which had been before paid into the treasury; and also the
amount of the public debt at the commencement of such
fiscal year; and that the said Secretary of the Treasury shall,
annually thereafter, make to Congress, at the commence-
ment of each regular session thereof, a similar report, having
relation to thecommencementof the then current fiscal year.
And the&aid report shall be contained in and made a part of
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
finances of the country.
Sec. 6. Jlnd beltfurther enacted^ That the President, each
of the heads of departments, and all the officers of the Uni-
ted States who, as such officers or heads of departments,
shall, at the commencement of said fiscal year, hold oi con-
trol any moneys, securities, or other valuable thing in trust,
under any law or treaty of the United States, be and they
are hereby, directed to report to Congress, at its next session,
the nature and character of each of said trusts, when and
how the same was created, and the amount of moneys and
description of the securities or other valuable thing which
have been at any time, and were at the commencement of
the said fiscal year, held or conti oiled, and the receipts and
payments on account thereof; and that all such officers and
heads of departments who have, during the preceding fiscal
year, held or controlled any trust funds or property, snail,
annually theieafter, at the commencement of each regular
session of Congress, make a report to Congress containing a
full and accurate statement and account of their doings, re-
ceipts, and expenditures, during the preceding fiscal year,
on account of each of the trusts committed to or executed
by them.
Mr. HALL said, he had no doubt that the object
which the gentleman from North Carolina proposed
to accomplish by this bill and amendments, and the
! object which he (Mr. H.) had in view in the amend-
ment which he offered, were substantially the same.
Both of them desired to obtain hereafter more
accurate and intelligible statements from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in regard to the condition of
the finances of the country. For that purpose, the
gentleman from North Carolina had reported this
bill, requiring that all the moneys belonging to the
United States should, immediately after they were
received by the officers whose duty it was to receive
them, be paid into the treasury of the United States,
without any deduction on account of salaries, or
expenses of any other kind whatsoever. Now,
his amendment proposed that, with the commence-
ment of this new system proposed by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, there should commence
a system of reports which should show, more dis-
tinctly than had hitherto been shown, the amount
of money in the treasury of the United States, the
amount which belonged absolutely to the United
States, and the amount held m trust by the United
States, for the benefit of Indian tribes, or for any
other purpose whatsoever. He desired, further-
more, that these reports should be contained in the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the condition of our finances.
The gentleman from North Carolina had told
the House yesterday, in reference to the reports
which this amendment sought, that, ifhe (Mr. H.)
would turn to the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, he would find \he statement of all
the information which he asked for. But he de-
sired that this report, which had relation to the
finances of the country, should be embraced in the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that the whole of it should be included in a single
document, and that document be so plain and intel-
ligible that gentlemen who came to tins House for
the first time could have some idea, at least, upon
reading the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, of the true state of the finances of the
country. Gentlemen who, like the gentleman from
North Carolina, for twenty years, had occupied
seats on this iloor, might be able to learn something
of the condition of the finances from the annual
reports made on that subject; but he was not
ashamed to confess, that he had examined these
documents with some care, and had not been able
to come to any conclusion satisfactory to himself
on the subject. For example: when he saw the
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury, that
the amount of moneys remaining in the treasury
at the commencement of the present fiscal year
was but $1,700,000, or something more, and when
he knew the fact that the Secretary had stated, at
the commencement of the last session, that it was
necessary that four millions should be kept con-
stantly in the treasury,in order to carry on success-
fully the operations of the Government, he had felt
; i some inclination to inquire further into this matter,
j I and to see whether there might not be some mis-
jj take in relation to the amount of money actually
|j in the treasury of the United States. On looking
; into the Secretary's account of the receipts and
j! expenditures, he found that, in giving these re-
ij ceipts, the Secretary had excluded £3,193,200, the
j. avails of treasury notes and loan, which he had
stated to have been funded, and which were ex-
cluded on that ground. Now, the gentleman from
North Carolina could perhaps inform the House
why the Secretary should exclude from the amount
of the receipts for the year this $3,193,200. As
he understood it, no treasury note could be issued
unless the amount was paid into the treasury, or
unless they were paid out to the public creditors
in discharge of the public debt; and therefore, in
his judgment, the whole amount of these treasury
notes and loans should be regarded as receipts into
the tseasury, and this $3,193,200 should not have
been excluded from this statement of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
But, for the purpose of satisfyinghimselffurther
in relation to this matter, he had gone to the office
of the public printers, and found there the state-
ment of the Register of the Treasury of the receipts
and expenditures during the same period, and there
he found the Register of the Treasury had included
this $3,193,200 as a portion of the receipts into the
treasury during the last fiscal year. He had in-
cluded this amount, although it had been excluded
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Again: he found, upon a further examination of
that report, there was a considerable difference be-
tween the statement made by the Secretary of the
Treasury of the amounts paid on the civil list,
foreign intercourse, miscellaneous, War Depart-
ment, Navy Department, and public debt, ana the
statement mede by the Register of theTreasury, and
annexed to the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. He had made inquiries at theTreas-
ury Department, and was informed that these d iffer-
ences were to be accounted for by the outstanding
warrants and the trust funds included in the one
and excluded from the other of these statements.
Now, he desired that these reports should be made
in such a manner that they should not send forth
to the country, issuing from the same department,
two separate statements of receipts and expendi-
tures, differing by millions.
He would not take up the time of the committee
by going through and stating all the differences
between the statements of these two officers. He
confessed, after he had heard the explanation of the
Register of the Treasury, he had not been able to
account for the whole of the discrepancy. There
were other discrepancies between these reports
which had not been explained, and which he ap-
prehended could not be satisfactorily explained.
In the first place, the Secretary of the Treasury,
in his annual reporton the finances, page 39, gave
the amount paid on account of the public debt du-
ring the last fiscal year at §3,522,082 37; at page
67 he gave the amount of the public debt paid
during the same period at $6,722,021 39; and the
Register, in his statement, gave the amount at
$6,719,282; so that here were three statements of
the same thing emanating from the same depart-
ment, all different in amount, and covering precise-
ly the same period. Now, there might be some
explanation of it. Perhaps the gentleman from
North Carolina could give some explanation. He
hoped there was nothing wrong, for the sake of the
Secretary, and he hoped so for the sake of the
country; for, if common fame did not do the Sec-
retary injustice, there was nothing in his past his-
tory or his present pecuniary condition that, in
case of wrong, would give to the country the slight-
est promise of" indemnity for the past" or " se-
curity for the future."
Again, the Secretary, at page 43 of his report,
gave the amount paid on account of the public
debt from December 1, 1846, to December 1, 1847,
at $10,480,362 14. This was for the twelve months
ending December 1, 1847. Now, at paee 67 of
j the same report, he gave the amount paid on the
] same account, for the seventeen months ending; on
the same day at §9,261,259 08, making the amount
paid for seventeen months more than one million
less than the amount paid in twelve out of those
seventeen months.
This was a matter which, to him, appeared to
require coirection; and he desired tu have, in one
report, that should be intelligible in "itself, a full
statement of the condition of our finances, in such
a manner that every member of Congress, whether
he had been here before or not, could obtain from
it something like an accurate idea of the condition
of the finances of the country.
In reference to the suggestion of Mr. McKay,
that the subject of this amendment was an appro-
priate one for a resolution, he said he apprehended
