476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
■ways? And the members of the House who had
not plodded through all the treaties to find out the
state and condition of these funds would find it
almost impossible to explain these differences. But
the Secretary of the Treasury could in a short time
furnish a document which would convey the intel-
ligence clearly and satisfactorily.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
suggested, that this information could be embraced
in a resolution of inquiry, and thus they could
obtain all the information they desired. Of reso-
lutions calling for information, they had had some
experience. It was well known that a resolution
calling for information must, under the rule, lie on
the table for one day. Well, it then went on the
docket, and was never reached. They had reso-
lution on resolution now on the docket, which had
not been reached thus far, and perhaps never would
be; or if they were, a£ the end of some months,
and then adopted, some six or eight weeks more
perhaps would elapse before they were responded
to; whereas, the only value of much of the infor-
mation thus called for was in having it immediately
for the regulation of the action of the House.
It seemed to him, that this was the appropriate
bill wherein to provide for the furnishing of the
information which they desired, and that they
should not rely on calls, to which gentlemen knew
well how easy it was to give the go-by. In short,
he could not see any valid objection to it.
It had been said by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. ToaMBS,] that this amendment involved a
great principle. Now he (Mr. H.) could not see
any vital principle involved; and that it should
contain such a principle, was more than he could
comprehend. He knew not how far- into the mi-
nifies this amendment would require the Secretary
to go; but he apprehended, be it more or less,
there was no constitutional question involved.
He hoped the amendment of the gentleman from
New York would be adopted. No harm could
arise from it, but great good would be accom-
plished; and it appeared to'him that this was both
the proper time and place to introduce it. Besides,
it would give the Secretary of the Treasury an
opportunity to make his leport more intelligi-
ble.
Mr. McKAY did not propose to follow the ex-
ample set him by the gentleman from New York,
by going into an examination of the state of the
treasury. On some other occasion, he trusted to
iiave the opportunity to do so, and of showing his
views as to who was wrong and who was right.
One objection which he had to this amendment
was, that it sought to obtain information which the
Secretary of the Treasury and the heads of de-
partments were now required to furnish. He then
proceeded to call the attention of the committee to
a series of documents which were now required to
be prepared for the use of Congress at each session,
by authority of laws, some of which date as far
back as 1791. He enumerated some of these doc-
uments, and described their peculiar characters,
and stated how necessary their consolidation had
become. This he gave notice of his intention to
attempt at an "early day, in order that these various
provisions of law, by being imbodied in one enact-
ment, might be both accessible and intelligible. He
wanted no mystery about the affairs of this Gov-
ernment. They should be so conducted that all
could readily understand them, and thus be made
unlike the embarrassed and broken-down Govern-
ments of Europe. He hoped the amendment
would not be agreed to, for it was out of place-
and he pledged himself, at an early period of the
session, to attempt to accomplish all the gentleman
desired in the way to which he had adverted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved that the bill be laid aside,
for the purpose of taking up the bill making appro-
pnations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1849.
The motion was agreed to.
Then, on the motion of Mr. DONNELL, the
committee rose and reported the bill which it had
considered and perfected, and progress on the In-
dian hill.
The bill reported from the committee was taken
up in the House, the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union were
agreed to under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, and, on the motion of Mr. McKAY, it was
ordered to be engrossed, and was read a third
time, and
JETHRO WOOD S PATENT.
Mr. CRISFIELD moved the reconsideration of
the vote laying on the table the bill for the relief
of the heirs of Jethro Wood.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. CRISFIELD called for the yeas and nays,
but they weie not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Mr. COCKE moved to reconsider the vote of
yesterday, by which a memorial of the officers of
the army in Mexico was laid on the table, for the
purpose of having it referred to a standing com-
mittee. '
The motion was agreed to, and the memorial
referred accordingly.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a copy of the constitution of the State Gov-
ernment formed by the people of the Territory of
Wisconsin, in convention assembled, in pursuance
of .an act of Congress, entitled " An act to enable
the people of Wisconsin Territory to form a con-
stitution and State Government for the admission
of such State into the Union," approved August
6, 1846; also, the documents accompanying the
Constitution, which were transmitted by the Presi-
dent of the convention to the President of the Uni-
ted- States. Referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of Wiliiam Teall and 53
others, citizens or' Wisconsin, asking an appropriation of
§5,01)0 on the load fiom port, Washington to Dekoree, m
-Wisconsin. AUo, the petition ot Jolrn B. Siimth and 81 oth-
ers, for a beacon-lignt on the Noith Government Pier, at the
mouth ot the Mihvaukie river. Also, the petition of George
II. Smith and 300 others, for an appropriation lor the im-
provement of the harbor at Sheboygan, Wisconsin Tein-
tory. Also, the memoual ofthcLegi-Jative Assembly of the
Teintoryof YWconsin, approved February 23, 1848. praj-
ing for an jppioprjation foi a h;jht-house at Poit Wa-hml'-
ton, in said Territory, and for the suivey of the harbor at i
that place. Also, a Jike memorial, approved same day, for
an appropriation ot $17,-315 to complete the impiovement of
the Grant river Slough, at Potosi, Wisconsin. AUo, the me- j
morial of James Johnson and other?-, physicians and drug- j
gists at Mil waukie, Wisconsin, piaymg tor the passage of an I
i act providing for the inspection of all aititles imported for (
1 medical use, and foi the foneiture and destruction of any i
| such articles which shall be found to be adulterated or
| spurious. Also, the petition of Tallmadge Elvvell and 97
| others, of Oaktield, Fori du Lac county, Wisconsin, pray ing
for the reduction of the postage on all newspapers to one
cent, pajalyle on every paper at the office from which the
same may betaken out. Also, the petiuon.of Charles Moody
and 107 others, residents on the even-numbered sections on
the^Milwaukie and Hock River Canal Grant, praying tor the
passage oi an act reducing the price of said lands to-$l 25
per acre; providing tor the --ale thereof in October, 18-49, to
the iighttul claimants; dividing half arid fractional quarter-
sections among two or move sepaiate claimants, and tor the
repayment, m money or in land, of the excess over cjl 25
pet acre paid tor such of these land* as may have been
aheady sold to the purchasers. Also, the petition ot Nathan
W. Mower awl .IS others, lesidents on the even-numbered :
section* on the Milwnukie and Rock Itiver Canal Grant, for
the reduction of the puce thereof to $1 25 per acre, and for j
the sale thereof at an eaily day, subject to preemption, to j
the setti. is, and for lefunding to the lormer purchasers the I
excels paid, in money or m land. 1
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of U. E. Robin-
son and others, piaying a grant of land to aid m the construc-
tion of a railroad from Cairo to Chicago, and to the Upper
Mississippi. Also, resolutions of a pnhlio meeting in the
county ot Franklin, f!linoi>, favorable to a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Cairo to Chicago,
and thence to the Upper Mississippi.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 16, 1848.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a res-
olution passed by the Legislature of the State of
Louisiana, in favor of extending the port of New
Orleans, so as to embrace the city of Lafayette, in
that State; which way referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PETITIONS.
Mr. STURGEON presented amemorial of mem-
bers of the bar of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the circuit duties of the Judges of the Su-
preme Court- may not be suspended; which was
laid upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted addi-
tional documents relating to the petition of John
Johnson and others; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs'.
Mr. DIX presented two memorials from J. New-
ton, proposing a line of mail steamers between the
cities of New York and VeraCruz, and between
New Orleans and Vera Cruz. Mr. N. agrees to
perform the duty for §250,000 per year, in monthly
instalments; the vessels to be such as will be ap-
proved of by the Navy Department, and shall be
suited for war steamers; and says he is prepared
to enter upon the service at twenty days' notice
with a first class steamship of 1,450 tons, unsur-
passed by any steamship in the United States in
model, strength, or fitness for the service named.
He also proposes to establish a line between New
Orleans and Vera Cruz, for ten years, for $135,000
per annum, in monthly instalments.
Also, the memoiial of Grinnell, Minturn&Co.,
and others, merchants and importers in New York,
praying the reimbursement of certain import duties
paid by them, and. the enactment of a law making
allowance in the payment of duties, for wastage on
merchandise aniving in the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BENTON presented amemorial of import-
ing merchants in St. Louis, Missouri, praying to
be" relieved from the operation of certain restric-
tions, imposed by the existing tariff, on merchan-
dise imported m that city through the poit of New
Orleans; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of James
G. Carson, praying the confirmation of his title to
certain lands in Louisiana; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of the
corporation of the City of Washington, praying
certain amendments of their charter; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of Lew-
is Kennedy, and Henry Gaither and Company,
praying permission to erect saw-milts on a certain
tract of land belonging to the United States; which'
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot the chiefs and delegation of
the Wyandot nation of Indians, on the files of the Senate,
be reterred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of making ,m appro-
pinttion to indemnify the officers, seamen, and marines of
the United States steam frigate Missouii, for the losses sus-
tained by them by the destruction by fire of the said frigate
at Gibraltar, on the id August, 1843.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to tiansmit to the Senate a eopv of " a despatch to
the United States consul at Monterey, T. O. LarUin, E>q.,"
foi warded in Novenibei, I84-3, by Captain Gillespie of the
marine corps, and which was, by him, de>trojed befoie
entering the port of Vera Cruz.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resohed. That the President l>e requested to communi-
cate to the'Senate copies of the correspondence betu eeri the
minister of the United Suites at London, and any authontics
ot'the British Government, in i elation to a postal arrange-
ment between the two countries.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the vacancy in the Committee on Indian
Affairs, caused by the resignation ot Mr. Sewer, be filled
by the appointment of the Presiding Officer.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
authonzing medals and ceitificates to be given to
officers and soldiers of the regular forces and vol-
unteers for gailant conduct in battle during the war
with Mexico, reported it with an amendment.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the prior or-
ders were postponed, and the Senate resumed the
consideration, as in Committee of the Whole, of
the bill from the House of Representatives further
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal vear ending; the 30th June,
1848.
The question pending being upon agreeing to
the amendment proposed by Mr. Benton, to strike
out the words " the Papal States," in line 84, and
after "Ecuador," in line 86, insert "and for a
