1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
minister plenipotentiary to the Papal States," and
strike out "twenty-two" and insert "thirty-one"—
Mr. ATHERTON remarked that the Senator
from Missouri not being in his seat, he would ask
leave to offer an amendment.
Mr. A. then moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing, at the close of the 63d line, "for contingent
* expenses in the office of the Treasurer of the
* United States, five hundred dollars•,', which was
agreed to.
Mr. A. moved further to amend the bill by stri-
king out, in the 138th line, the word "two" and
inserting " three;" which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE moved further to amend the bill
by inserting, between lines 100 and 101, " for com-
pensation to €ight additional clerks to be employsd
m the General Land Office, four of them at the rate
of twelve hundred dollars per annum each, and the
remaining four at the rate of one 'thousand dollars
per annum each,.the sum of two thousand two
hundred dollars;" which was agreed to.
' The. question then being upon agreeing to the
amendment proposed by Mr. Benton, in refer-
ence to the mission to the Papal States—
Mr. BENTON. The amendment speaks for it-
self. Its object is to make the mission to Rome
a full one. i desire that we should send to Rome,
once the headof the political world, and for so long
a period the head of the religious world, a minister
who might be charged with other duties, so that in
point of expenditure the amount would not exceed
that of two chargeships, the duties of which would
be discharged by an agent of a rank more becoming
the station and the objects to be accomplished.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have myself been unable to
see any necessity for establishing either a charge-
ship or a full mission to the Papal States. The
President, in his message, recommends the estab-
lishment of such a mission for two reasons: first,
on account of what he calls " recent interesting
political events;" and second, because attention to
the commerce of the country requires it. Now,
with regard to the latter view, for more than seven-
ty years, if we have any commerce with the Papal
States, we have found it adequately protected with-
out having been under the necessity of establishing
such a mission. Sir, the commerce of the United
States with the Papal States must be very small in-
deed. In fact, it is so small that it has never been
the subjcct of distinct statement, so far as 1 am
aware, m any accounts we have had from any of
the departments of the Government in regard to
our intercourse with foreign nations; and the ex-
ports of the United States to the whole of Italy,
including the Papal States, scarcely amount to one
million of dollars a year. We have, in the Papal
States, three consuls. The probability is, that the
whole amount of the commercial intercourse of the
United States with these States, does not amount to
one hundred thousand dollars a year; and itseems
to me, that so far as the commercial interests ofthe
United States are concerned, it would be paying the
largest insurance that has been known in commer-
cial dealings, if we incur the expense either ofa full
mission or a ehargoship for the purpose of afford-
ing some incidental benefit or protection to a com-
merce not exceeding one hundred thousand dollars
a year, already under the charge of three American
consuls. Tt seems to me very obvious that this
consideration has very little weight-
But what is the other reason assigned by the
President* The recent political events which have
taken place in the Papal States, under the direction
of the present Pope. In what possible mode, I
ask, do these political events make it necessary
that we should send a minister to Rome? How
are weconnected with these political events? What
influence is it expected that our minister can exer-
cise over these events, or the party connected with
them; or in what way will this mission, politically
considered, be of service to this country or to the
Papal States? What is the character of these po-
litical events which are now in progress at Ronie?
Nothing has taken place which in the least em-
braces any alteration in the form of government
that has always obtained in those States. The
present Pope is the same absolute master of his
people that all his predecessors in time past have
been. He has surrendered none of the absolute
powers which udoin and strengthen the tiara which
he wears. He has erected no barriers against the
abuse of those powers, either by himself or by his
-successors. He stands now an autocrat, possessed
of and exercising a supreme authority over all his
subjects, who are absolutely dependant on him for
every privilege they enjoy—for everjr right which
they exercise—for every relaxation which has
been extended to them from the rigid severity of
former days. He is nothing in the world, in com-
parison with his predecessors, but a good and kind
master of his subjects, who are emphatically his
vassals. He has made no reform—he has made
no surrender of any of the principles of arbitrary
power—he has not evinced any disposition to
abridge the limits of his authority in the slightest
degree. The uncontrollable authority of that sceptre
which he wields is the same unquestionable and
unquestioned dominion which has been exercised
by his predecessors. Now, sir, what on earth can
induce us at this time to establish this mission to
the Papal States ? Do we expect to sustain his
Holiness in pursuing the course which he has
adopted? Do we intend to extend to Jiim our
countenance and support? Why, in that point
of view, I think it may be seriously questioned
whether we do not greatly over-estimate the posi-
tion which we occupy, and whether his Holiness
will consider himself at all obliged by our counte-
nance and support.
In what way, then, is this mission to benefit this
country ? There is no commerce to be protected—
none at least that has not always been amply pro-
tected by the consuls of the United States in the
Papal dominions. There is nothing in the world
in the present political condition of Rome which
makes such a mission of the slightest importance
to us or to her, considered in regard to those polit-
ical relations which may subsist between us and
her as two independent States. Well, that being
so, is not the United States now commcncing, m
the establishment of this mission, a .system to
which we have been heretofore entire strangers?
Is not this mission, in the view of it which I have
presented, merely a religious mission on* the pait
of the United States to the first bishop of Europe?
Certainly it is, sir. Although his Holiness is not
only the first bishop—the universal head of the
Roman Catholic Church, but annexes to that the
character of a secular prince, it must always be
recollected that the Papal States are but the appan-
age attached to the Episcopal see, for the purpose
of giving support and dignity to his religious char-
acter and office. It is as a spiritual ruler that he
exercises his influence over his dominions. As a
secular prirrce, simply and merely, he would be
nobody. It is his Holiness that governs. It is
the universal bishop of the church that rules in
the Papal States. His counsellors are the principal
bishops, priests, and deacons of Christendom. His
ministers are priests. His ambassadors are priests.
The whole machinery, control, and direciion of
his government stamp it as being in every respect
a spiritual dominion. Now, 1 admit that that con-
sideration would furnish no reason why the pro-
posed mission should not be cstabli&hed, if there
were any great interests of the people of this coun-
try to be protected, or any great object connected
with their welfare to be achieved by it. But, so
far am aware, there are no such considerations
of policy to be urged in this case. This is simply
the sending forth of a mission from the United
States to the first Roman Catholic bishop of the
world.
To such a mission, sir, I, for one, am opposed.
I wish for our Roman Catholic citizens of this
country, precisely what wc all enjoy, the absolute
and unqualified possession of all our religious
rights. They may make themselves dependent
upon, or believe themselves to be dependent upo#,
and to be bound in spiritual submission to any head
of their church they please, here or elsewhere; but
rely upon it, the establishment of this mission will
be considered by the great Protestant interests of
this country as one undertaken for the purpose of
giving a new character to that particular church
of which the sovereign Pontiff is the head. It will
be regarded as placing him and his chuich in this
country upon a far different footing from that which
is occupied by other religious denominations; and
it will be felt throughout the extent of this land
that the Government of the United States has in-
stituted, in reference to this particular church, a
proceeding entirely dissonant from its past policy;
and that it has departed in no small degree from
the principles of universal toleration and that non-
intervention in religious matters which the Con-
stitution has prescribed. When we look, sir, at
the small amount of the commerce of the United
States with the Papal States, when we consider
the absence of everything like an effort, on the part
of his Holiness the Pope, to introduce the princi-
ples of free government in the Papal States, the
idea will force itself on the minds of all, that were
it not for the thousands of foreign Roman Catholic
voters in the United States, the efforts of his Holi-<
ness to ameliorate the condition of his subjects
would have met with less sympathy, and the com-
merce of the United States with the Papal States
would have attracted less solicitude, from the occu-
pant of the White House.
I cannot vote, sir, either for the full mission or
the chargeship. I regard the establishment of
either as involving a needless expenditure of mo-
ney, and if not fraught with mischief, to be at best
altogether useless.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would just submit to
the gentleman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions whether it would not seem a little disparaging
to the other important and respectable Powers of
Europe to whom diplomatic agents of a lower grade
are sent if this amendment should prevail. Neither
our political nor commercial relations with the Pa-
pal States bear the least proportion, I suppose, to
those we sustain to Portugal, Denmark, Sweden,
Holland, Belgium, or Naples, to whom ministers
of a lower grade are now sent. Now, when ar-
ranging our diplomatic agents with those Pow-
ers, including Austria, one of the greatest Powers
on the continent of Europe, why should we pass
them by with ministers of the second grade, and
give one of a higher grade to the Papal States?
Mr. BENTON. In proposing to substitute for
a chargeship a full mission to the Papal Stales, T
had not in view the commerce we might have in
the Tiber. Our commerce is not much greater, 1
believe, in the Roman Tiber than it is in our own
Tiber! The Senator from New York [Mr. Dix]
says he has been there, and that our commerce
there is greater than that on our own Tiber, and I
yield to his superior information on the subject.
But, sir, it was not in that point of view that I made
the amendment, but solely in a political point of
view. In sending a minister of the first grade to
that city, with which grand recollections must for-
ever be associated—which was once the mistress
of the world, and has been the head of the Chris-
tian church for a long period—I look not only to
the " eternal city " itself, but to the whole of Italy,
which is most wonderfully scant in diplomatic rep-
resentatives from the United States. We have a
charge at Naples, and from that point we pass over
all that was Rome, at one/period even of her best
days, and go into cisalpine-Gaul, before we find
another diplomatic representative of the United
Slates. At the foot of the Alps we have another
charge, and he has just got there, or is perhaps yet
on the way. I believe we go to Turin before we
find another. Here is a gap from the gulf of Ta-
rentum to the foot of the Alps, in which we do not
find a single diplomatic representative of the Uni-
ted States; an extent of country containing how
many millions ? It embraces all Italy, with twenty
millions of peoplej divided, to be sure into several
Powers, but without a single diplomatic asent of
the United States. Now, in sending a minister to
Rome, the head of the Italian States, I consider
that we would have a diplomatic agent who would
be in substance, if not in form, a representative of
the United States in Italy itself. It is in that en-
larged point of view that I have looked with some
degree of interest to the establishment of this mis-
sion to Rome of a minister of the highest rank. It
is certain that the political movements alluded to
in the President's message, are not confined to the
city of Rome, and it is, in my opinion, eminently
expedient and proper that a full mission should be
established. Having thus expressed the views by
which 1 have been influenced in offering the amend-
ment, I leave it with the Senate.
Mr. CASS. As the morning hour has expired,
I trust that this bill will be passed over informally,
and the ten-regiment bill will be taken up.
The bill was passed^over informally.
THE TEN-REGIMENT UILL-
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making provision for an addition to the regular
military force.
Mr. CALHOUN-. After a very careful exami-
nation, I have not been able to find a single argu-
ment which, in my opinion, would justify the
passage of this bill at this time, and under existing
