478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
circumstances. I cannot but feel that those who
have come to a different conclusion have over-
looked the actual condition of the Mexican Gov-
ernment and of the Mexican people, in supposing
that this bill was necessary either to intimidate or
coerce that Government into a ratification of the
treaty recently acted upon here. If that GoVern-
ment were strong and vigorous, if the people of
Mexico were united in resistance to us, and capa-
ble of sustaining a war in the event that the treaty
shall not be ratified, there might be strong reasons
for passing this bill. But such is not the case. On
the contrary, the very opposite is. The Govern-
ment itself is little more than a shadow, without
an army and without revenue; the people in a state I
of distraction, with a large and powerful party in '
opposition to the Government, and for a continu-
ance of the war—not in hostility to us, but in hos-
tility to their own Government, which they desire
should be overthrown. The Government itself
exists by our forbearance, and under our counte-
nance; they have been induced to treat with us
from the dread of their annihilation, and we to treat
with them from the same consideration. For,
strange as it may appear, the very motive that in-
duced Mexico to treat with us induced us to to treat
with her. She dreaded her annihilation, and so
did we. It is difficult to say which would be sub-
jected to the greatest evil in consequence of such
annihilation. The danger is not that the Mexican
Government, in the event of the rejection of the
treaty, would beable to resist, but it is that it may
perish before she can ratify it. But, if I am mis-
taken in all this, one thing is clear: without these
ten additional regiments, we have the means of in-
timidating or coercing that Government to any
extent we please; a single brigade may annihilate
it. But even if we should choose to avoid this, we
hold another power in our hands that is ample to
induce her to ratify the treaty, provided there he
any hesitation on her part. We would in that case
have but to tell her that we will adopt the boundary
agreed upon m the treaty, and thus save ourselves
the vast sum of twenty millions of dollars, which
rumor states that we are to give for the ceded ter-
ritory. 1 his consideration alone is sufficient, pro-
vided the Mexican Government can maintain itself
until she shall have acted upon this treaty, with
the amendments that may have been made to it by
this body.
In this view of the subject, I regard the passage
of this bill, if it be intended either for the purpose
of intimidation or of coercion, to be entirely use-
less—an unmeaning bravado. But if it were merely
useless, as much as I may be averse to it, my aver-
sion would not be near so great as it now is. It
is worse than useless; it is mischievous, and will
prove mischievous botli here and there. Mischiev-
ous here, for if this body, conversant with all the
secret proceedings in reference to the treaty, and
supposed by the country to be fully informed of
everything in relation to the subject, should pass
the bill now before it, it will be received by the
public as an apprehension on our part that there is
great danger that the treaty will not be ratified,
and the effect upon our commerce and upon the
money interest of the country will be highly inju-
rious. It will be mischievous there, for the real
danger that the Mexican Government has to fear
g this : there is a large party m Mexico called ;
1 uros, which is unwilling to see a peace concluded ;
between the Mexican Government and this coun-
tiy; unwilling, not because they are our friends or 1
enemies, but simply for the reason that they wish !
to see that Government annihilated and the power ;
placed in their hands. ]Mow, if the. impression !
produced there by the passage of this bill should
hensions of going to Mexico or fighting future bat-
tles; the enlistment will turn out to, be a money
speculation; each recruit will receive for his enlist-
ment his bounty in land, amounting to one hundred
and sixty acres, his bounty, in money,, equal to
twelve dollars, the usual issue of clothing, amount-
ing at the'present price to about twenty-one dollars.
Estimating the bounty in land at one dollar and a
quarter an acre, it would make the whole $2,000,-
000. These items alone would be equal to two
millions three or four hundred thousand dollars.
Add to this the pay and emoluments of the officers,
the pay to the soldiers, the expense for subsistence,
and that for recruiting, and the whole sum will be
found to be not less than three millions of dollars,
to which the passage of this bill would subject the
Government. To this must be added the vast
patronage which the appointment of five hundred
officers and this great additional expenditure would
confer on the President; and that, too, on the very
eve of a Presidential election, when the patronage
of the Government is brought into the highest de-
gree of activity. Such increase of patronage, is a
great evil, as every man of every party will readily
acknowledge, if he would candidly express his
sentiments: for, if there is anything on which all
are agreed, it is that Executive patronage is already*
enormous, and ought not to be increased.
Now, I submit to my friends on this side of the
Chamber, who have indicated a disposition to pass
this bill, whether they are willing to incur this
heavy cost, and subject the country to this great
evil, by passing this'bill, which I have shown to be
a useless bravado, unbecoming a great and mag-
nanimous people.
But I not only object to the passage of the bill at
this time, and un4er existing circumstances, but 1
take higher ground. I am opposed to the bill un-
der all circumstances. I would have voted against
it if a treaty had not been made, and for reasons
that to myself are conclusive, and which I will
now proceed to state.
Sir, we all know the origin of this bill. It was
reported early in the session, and originated in the
message of the President recommending a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war; and its leading and
main object was to carry that recommendation into
j effect. If, then, we pass this bill, we give, accord-
j ing to my humble conception, a pledge to the Ex-
; ecutive and to the country, that if the treaty fails
we will resort to a vigorous prosecution of the war.
I, for one, am unwilling to give this pledge; un-
willing, because I think it ought not to be given,
and unwilling, because, if given, I am of the im-
pression it never will be redeemed.
It ought not to be given, for reasons which I have
assigned fully on a former occasion, and which I
shall onty briefly repeat on this. A vigorous pros-
ecution of the war would be the annihilation of the
Mexican Government, leaving no government with
whom to treat. The effect of that would be the
entire subjugation of the country, throwing upon
us one of two alternatives: either to create a gov-
ernment-by our own authority with.which to treat
—and this, I trust, no one who duly appr&iates
the true principles of our system of government
will ever-adopt—or to hold it under our subjuga-
tion as a conquered country, to be governed as
provinces, or to be incorporated into the Union.
Now, as I am utterly opposed to this, for reasons
which I stated at large on the occasion referred to,
and which it is not necessary here to repeat, I, for
one, cannot give this pledge. INTor can I give it
because I have not the least expectation that it
#buld ever be redeemed. The sentiment of the
whole country is remarkably changed in reference
be, that there is danger'that The "treat'y will noTbe 51 £ 'llV™*'' , Xhe? WaS at -'ha}tim=e a,kl ge Party
— " W1" !i 4oto?ffioWh0- Were ,n feVM °f tak" '
ratified.      ^
double exertion m order to fulfill their object.'
But I consider it not only useless, not only mis-
chievous in the light which I have indicated, but
it will be a costly bravado. 1 take it for granted
that the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs does not intend simply that this
bill shall pass this hotly; that would be unworthy
of his character. He then expects that it will also
pass the other branch of Congress and become a
law, and that the force will be raised and be em-
ployed, if the treaty should fail, in carrying on the
war with Mexico. Well, if the bill passes—and I
must consider it in that light—in that case, what
Will be the result? There will be no difficulty in
getting officers and men; they will have no appre-
the
I have but to appeal to the pro-
[ ceedmgs of public meetings, and to declarations re-
peatedly made in the public journals to piove this.
But that sentiment is changed. And why is it
changed? Because the people weienotawareatthat
time of what would be the consequence of a vigor-
But, it may be asked, what shall be doner My
answer is plain and simple. Only one thing can
be done—to fall back and take the line of the
treaty; to tell the Mexican people that we intend
to hold it; that we are satisfied if they are. Nor
can it be objected that it costs more, for it would
take fully as large an army, and at as great a cost,
to protect Mexico, under the treaty, against the
Indians falling on our side of the line, under the
treaty, as to protect ourselves against the Mex-
icans .by assuming the line without the treaty,
not to take into estimate the twenty millions of
dollars which would be saved by adopting the
latter.
The whole affair is in our own hands. Whether the
treaty fails or not, we still have the complete con-
trol, if we act with wisdom and firmness, and avoid,
what I detest above all things, a system of menace
or bravado in the management of our negotiation.
I had liopecl that that system had been abandoned
forever. It ncarly.involved us in a war with Eng-
land about Oregon. It was only prevented by the
wisdom and firmness of this body. It was resort-
ed to in our negotiations with Mexico; and the
march of the army under General Taylor to the
Rio Grande was but intended to sustain it. Un-
fortunately, the circumstances prevented the Senate
from interposing, as in the case of Oregon, and
this war was the consequence.
But, Mr. President, the vigorous prosecution of
the war is not the only object of this bill. It is the
primary, the principal one. But there is another
one, secondary, it is true, though not much less
important. This bill was intended, in part, to carry
into executionasystemofimpostsand taxes, which
the President of the United States had imposed
upon Mexico. The amy, including'the force to
be raised by this bill, was intended to be used for
collecting the duties and imposts; for that purpose
it was to be spread all over Mexico, as has been
officially announced.
Wow, I hold that we cannot pass this bill with-
out sanctioning the act of the President in this
respect; and that I, for one, never can do, because
I am under a deep conviction that the Piesident
has no right whatever to impose taxes, internal or
external, on the people of Mexico. It is an act
without the authority of the Constitution or law,
and eminently dangerous to the country. Thus
thinking that neither the Constitution fior law gives
him any such authority, I would not be true to my
trust if I were to vote for the bill. 1 would have
been glad to have avoided it at the present time.
My friends around me know that I was anxious
that this bill should not be pressed upon us now—
not that I desired to shun the responsibility of the
expression of my opinions—but because I prefer-
red postponing it until after the treaty was ratified,
and when there could be no cry of giving aid and
comfort to the enemy. But it is forced upon me,
and, if there be any responsibility in expressing
my opinion at this time, it ought of right to fall,
not on me, but upon those who, without any ne-
cessity, have forced this bill upon us.
But to return to the thread of the argument. I
ask, where can the President find the authority for
imposing these taxes? Can it be found in your
Constitution? If so, point it out. Can it be found
in your law' If so, point it out. JN'o such au-
thority is to be found in either. But it may be
said it is comprehended under the implied powers
of the Executive—that is, the powers necessary
and proper to carry out those expressly delegated,
to him. If so, point out the power which it is
j intended to carry into execution. But let me say
j to gentlemen in advance, if you do this you will
! not remove the difficulty. If you should succeed
m showing that it is an implied power, which 1
hold to be impossible, you must still point out an
act of Congress to authorize its exeicise. The
fraineis of the Constitution, ir> their great sagacity,
have taken care to insert a provision in the Consii-
tution investing Congress amply with the power
investing
ous nrovciitimi nf tlio It ' ;i to Pas's a" 'aws necessary and proper to carry inio
their maxnr de B,t7  <*' « ^ «' app < e*ecut,on ,,ot only its ow" powers, but those vest-
ZTJmZL that' the n« th7,saw tI,e i f1""7 department or office of the Government,
teif Sev drew backmirl nit tT l16??! 6Sla" i re el' t0 what is usually called the residuary
hT.LTLZl7, l!la"d Fu"he seal of t!,lelr ,rePr°- i! which provides « that Congress shall have
bation upon it, not only for the present, but I trust
forever. With this strong disapprobation of the
war on the part of the people, it would be an idle
dream to suppose that in the event of a failure of
tiie treaty, this war would ever be renewed to.be
earned on vigorously.
' power to pass all laws necessary and proper, to
£ carry into execution the foregoing powers, (that
' is, powers invested 111 Congress,) or powers vest-
4 ed m any of the departments or oilices of the
* Government." Then, if it is an implied power,
it becomes a Congressional power by this express
