1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
provision, and must have the sanction-of Congress
for carrying it into effect.
But it may be said that the President is com-
mander-in-chief of the army in Jdexico, and that
it is an essential part of the power of the com-
mander-in-chief to impose a system of taxation in
the enemy's country. " If, indeed, it be an essen-
tial part of the power, it cannot be separated from
it without destroying the power itself, and it must
of course belong to him as commander-in-chief in
the United States as well as in Mexico, or in any
other conquered country. But it is manifest that
it cannot exist within the limits of the United
States, because the Constitution expressly invests
the same not in the President, but in Congress.
But to this it may be said, there is a distinction
between exercising the power in the United States
and exercising it in Mexico, or any other place
beyond the boundary of the United States, where
our army may be operating. To this I answer by
asking, Why so ? Wha't makes the distinction ?
What possible reason can be assigned why the
power may be exercised in the one and not in the
other? Who can answer these questions ?
But if it is the case—if the President can exer-
cise in Mexico a power expressly given to Con-
gress, which he cannot exercise in the United
States—I would ask where is the limit to his pow-
er in Mexico ? Has he als'o the power of making
appropriations of money collected in Mexico, with-
out the sanction of Congress ? This he has already
done. Has he the power to apply the money to
whatever purpose he may think proper, and among
others to raise a military force in Mexico without
the sanction of Congress? That, also, he has al
ready done. But it' there be no limitation, then
his powers are absolute and despotic in Mexico,
and he standsin the two-fold character of the con-
stitutional President of the United States and the
absolute and despotic ruler of Mexico. To what
must this conclusion lead ? What may he not do?
He may lay taxes at his pleasure cither as to kind
or amount; he may establish the rules and regula-
tions for their collection; he may dispose of them,
without passing the proceeds into the treasury, to
any object or for any purpose he may think prop-
er, and is not liable or responsible to Congress or
any other authority, in any respect whatever, in
doing all this. He may, of course, raise armies,
and pay them out of the proceeds of the taxes; he
may wage war against the neighboring countries'
to the south of him at his pleasure, and extend his
authority by force of arms to whatever extent ho
may desire; or he may equip a fleet and assail the
islands of the South Sou; or he may direct it against
Japan, or any other country he may think proper.
Nay, further, he may turn his army against his
own country, and make it the instrument of its sub-
jugation. Against all this there is no remedy, and
can be none, if he lias the power which must ne-
cessarily result from the principles which would
invest him with the power of laying taxes.
But, it may be asked, what are the limitations
upon his power as commander-in-chicf? The an-
swer is an easy one, His power is to command
the army. Let us put a true value upon words.
To command in chief is to have the supreme cou-
Uol in conducting and directing the army in its
military operations. Such is its power, and only
power, it is a restricted one, of which the con-
stitutional legislation of the country furnishes many
evidences. The very act which recognizes war
wall Mexico vests lum with the power of using
the army and navy for its prosecution, clearly in-
dicating that the power of using them for that pur-
pose required the authority of law. if we look back
into all the declarations which have been made by
this Government, we shall find that they all, in
like manner, confer the same power on the Presi
dent. Besides, if we turn to the laws in reference
to suppressing insurrections, it will he found that
they expressly authorize the President to use the
militia and the army for the purposes-showing, in
like manner, the prevailing opinion heretofore that
the sanction of law was necessary to use a military
force lor this purpose, as well as for carrying into
effect a declaration of war. Such also is the case
in reference to repelling invasion. If there be any
power which one would suppose would belong to
the President as commander-in-chief, it woulti be
that of establishing rules and regulations for the
, government of the army; but if we turn to the
Constitution, we shall find even that power is con-
ferred by express provision upon Congress; all
going to show within what narrow limits the Con-
stitution and the laws restrict the power of the
President.
But it may be asked, has the conqueror no power
to impose taxes upon a conquered country? Yes,
he certainly has. When an army invades a coun-
try and subdues it, in whole or in part, the con-
queror has a right to impose taxes and collect
tnem. But the question occurs, under our system
of Government, who is the conqueror? I answer,
the people of the United States are the conquerors.
It is they who have conquered Mexico; not the
President, not the generals, not the army. They
are but the instrumects by which the conquest has
been effected. And it is the people of the United
States that have the right to impose taxes. But
who represents the United States—who is then-
organ through which they act? I answer, this
Government, the Federal Government, consisting
of the Executive, the Legislative, and the Judiciary
departments. The question then is, to what ex-
tent the President represents exclusively the Uni-
ted States in the conquered country? The answer
is, to no other extent than as commander-in-chief;
in all other respects almost, Congress is the sole
representative, and to them especially belongs, by
express delegation, the power of laying and col-
lecting taxes, and of appropriating them to such
objects as the Constitution warrants, unrestricted,
extending as far as the United States authority
extends, without restriction or distinction. Now,
whenever a country is conquered, even in part,
and held by the conquering power, the sovereignty
of the country thus held is for the time suspended,
and that of the conquering substituted in its place;
and of course, in our cttse^ the authority of the
Government in its departments attaches to it us if
t was a part of tile United States itself, each in its
appropriate-sphere. The opposite doctrine, which
would make the Executive the sole and exclusive
power in such portions of the country, is entirely
destitute of authority, and would lead to all the
most dangerous and monstrous consequences which
have been traced out. All this is so clear that it
is surprising that it has been overlooked, or that
there should be any division or diversity of senti-
ment in reference to it.
The taxes which are the subject of tl\pse remarks
wer& imposed by the President in the interval be-
tween this and the preceding session of Congress,
and this is the first opportunity I have had to ex-
press my opinion in reference to the authority by
which they were laid. And I avail myself of this
occasion to put in my solemn protest against the
power. If it should become a precedent hereafter,
it, in connection with the authority which the
President has assumed in making this war, would
h'ud to the establishment of a fatal error in refer-
ence to the power of this Government as it relates
to war. It will to that extent elevate the powerof
the Executive in practice as far above the Legisla-
tive as the latter is elevated above the former by
the Constitution, and lead, almost necessarily in
the end, to establish despotic authority in the Ex-
ecutive branch of the Government. It must be
borne in mind that we are a warlike people, rapid-
ly increasing in number and population, well fed,
well clothed, and having an abundance of leisuro.
Like all such people we seek excitement , and there
is no description of excitement more enticing to the
young and ardent than war. It is difficult to pre-
vent such a people from rushing into war, and if
wars should frequently hereafter occur 111 conse-
quence, and the precedents set by this be not re-
versed, nothing can prevent the Executive power
from overshadowing the Constitution and the.lib-
erties of the country. We now have an opportu-
nity to reverse that precedent by giving a strong
and decided vote against the passage of this bill.
It may be proper for me to remark in conclusion
that I am aware that there are some doubtful ques-
tions as to the exact extent of the power of the
President as commander-in-chief of the army of the
United States, and particularly that of making ac-
quisitions and establishing temporary governments,
such as have been established in New Mexico and
California. I will not now enter upon the investi-
gation, but my impression is, in case of making
requisitions over the portions of the country in
'which the authority of the United States is even
temporarily established, or erecting temporary gov-
ernments in such portions of the conquered coun-
try, the President has acted without authority of
law or the Constitution. In coining to this con-
clusion, I am willing to allow to the President, as
commander-in-chief, many and great powers; but
they are such as arise'out of exigencies immedi-
ately connected with the operation of the army or
its safety. Among them 1 include the.power of
seizing upon supplies of all descriptions when they
become indispensable the use of the army, or to
batter down towns, and to remove all obstacles,
when necessary, for his security or success. But
when he comes to act over portions of the territory
subject to our control, he exercises power not be-
longing to him. But to the Legislative department
of the Government, Congress may indeed-give him
authority by law to levy contributions, or to estab-
lish temporary governments. But it is one thing
toexercise it on his own authority, and another to
exercise it under authority of law. By the one he is
placed under the control of law, while by the other
he places himself above the control of law.
I have now expressed my opinion. In all I
have said I trust I have put myself above party
feeling or personal considerations. I am actuated
by the single motive to contribute to correct the
errors of a political character which have been
committed in the origin and the prosecution of the
war, and to guard, as far as in my power, against
the dangerous precedents which they were calcu-
lated to establish, if not noticed or exposed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to ex-
press my views on this bill, but I presume that, at
this advanced stage of the day, the Senate can
hardly be expected to have patience to listen to the
discussion, and I am not disposed to trespass upon
them, unless it is understood that the vote is to be
taken to-day.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope that the bill will be
passed over informally, in order to allow the gentle-
man from Georgia an opportunity of expressing
his views.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would suggest that the wishes
of my colleague might be gratified by the Senate
passing this bill informally ovpr, and resumingthe ■
consideration of that bill which was laid aside on
the expiration of the morning hour.
, Mr. CASS. I am extremely anxious to meet
the wfshes of the Senator from Georgia, but really
I am opposed to relapsing into the former mode of
discussion by one speech each day.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not think that there is
any danger of the result apprehended by the hon-
orable chairman of the Military Committee. 1
believe all parties will concur in deprecating that;
but there is a very important bill—the bill supply-
ing deficiencies in the appropriations for the cur-
rent fiscal year—which awaits our action. I hope
that, by the general assent of the Senate, the wishes
of my colleague may he gratified, and that this bill
will be laid aside informally, ill order that the con-
sideration of that one to which I have just alluded
may'be resumed.
Mr. ATHERTON. This bill has already been
a very long time before the Senate, and it is cer-
tainly important that it should be acted upon, in
order that the bill to which the honorable Senator
alludes, and others may be taken up and disposed
of.
Mr. FOOTE. Allow me to suggest that my
honorable friend from Georgia will now proceed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, then addressed the
Senate, making some preliminary remarks in ref-
erence to his own position, and proceeding to advo-
cate the course of the President in the origin and
the prosecution of the war. He adverted to our
recognition of Mexican independence in 1803, and
to all our subsequent policy and friendly deport-
ment relating to her. In return, we have only been
requited by ingratitude and injustice, our citizens
imprisoned and plundered, and all her conduct
bearing the character of the most settled hatred ot
us. IHfe remarked^on the policy adopted by France
and England, whenever wrongs were inflicted on
their subjects by any foreign Power, He
| came to the annexation of Texas, and maintained
| that there was no justification to be found in that
! measure for General Almonte demanding his pass-
| ports, an;l for the consequences which followed
! his departure. That annexation left the boundary
question to be settled by negotiation, and the coursc
of Mexico on that occasion showed a predeter-
mined intention to go to war. She took offence on
the ground, that by annexing Texas, we had des-
poiled Mexico of a most valuable portion- of her
territory, whereas, by the acts of Santa Anna
against Texas, that country had become absolved
