480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
March 17.
from her connection with Mexico, and was aft j
independent and sovereign State. Texas had as- i
sumed this character, and had maintained herinde- j
pendenee, and had a perfect right to annex herself i
to the United States. !
He inquired if it was in the power of the United
States to settle her differences with Mexico by ne-
gotiation? To show that it was not, he quoted
the mission of Mr. Slidell, and cited all the details
attending the progress of that mission. Negotia-
tion having been thus rejected, there was no course
left hut a resort to hostilities on our part.
As to the advance of General Taylor, which had
been asserted as the cause of the war, he suggested
that this advance was by the advice of General
Taylor, who regarded such a step as likely to pro-
duce an adjustment of the difficulties. But he con-
tended, before the advance of General Taylor, the
Mexicans had given unequivocal proofs of a hos-
tile intention, and these he referred to elaborately.
He repudiated the idea that the President under
the then existing circumstances had no right to ad-
vance into the disputed territory, supposing it to
have been disputed. He denied, however, that the
territory was m dispute. Texas had asserted het'
claim to the Rio Grande, the Mexicans had been
driven beyond it, and the treaty with General Santa
Anna confirmed it. Texas, by her Congress, in
1836, established her right by a division of the
territory into counties; and subsequently directed
courts to be held there, thus exercising as well as
claiming her right to the Rio Grande, which has
always been recognized as the western boundary
of Texas. There was, therefore, no impropriety
in this advance, and it could not be regarded as a
sufficient cause of war. Having a right to the ter-
ritory to the Rio Grande, there could be no.impro-
priety in sending our troops to occupy it.
Being at war with Mexico, how are we to get out
of it? It is said that we must withdraw our troops
within a defensive line. He asked if this would
. be carrying out th^, high purposes contemplated
by the war, and by the Congress which voted the
fifty thousand volunteers and the ten millions for
its prosecution? No question about the advance
of GeneraUTtiylor was then raided. He referred
to the fable, in Dilworth's Spelling Book, of the
old man who detected the boy in his apple or-
chard stealing apples. In that case the thief was
proof against tufts of grass, until the old man de-
termined to try what virtue there was in stones. i|
So, as to Mexico,we have been acting with kindness, jl
generosity, and magnanimity; this was pelting with i!
tufts of grass. He would be for trying what vir-  \
tue there is m stones, if kindness, generosity, and !l
magnanimity would not effect the purpose. 1!
fie adverted to the opinions and arguments of
those who were adverse lo the acquisition of ter-
ritory, and charged the Whig paity with always
having been adverse to the acquisition of territory,
m the cases of Florida and Louisiana. If this
principle were to be adopted, we might as well
build up a wall round our Union to prevent our
people from going beyond it. He believed that had
we crowded ail the increased population of our
country into the thirteen oiigmal States, it would,
before this time, have proved fatal to our institu-
tions. Dense masses were always dangerous on
account of their liability to excitement, and the
difficulty of checking it. But when men are scat-
tered, and each has his small portion of land to
cultivate, he is contented, virtuous, and disposed
to pursue the arts of peace.
On the subject of manifest destiny, he held that
we are destined either to spread our boundaries
over this whole comment, or to see the elevation
of all its different portions, by the influence of our
institutions upon them.
He could not concur in the opinion of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, that the passing of that 1
bill would be an empty threat. He thought, on the j
contraiy, that if the treaty were ratified, the bill !
would amount to nothing: if not, we should be i
prepared for vigorous operations. If the passage i
of the bill was to be regarded as a pledge that we i
would sustain a vigorous prosecution of the war, i
should the treaty be rejected, it was precisely that j
kind of pledge which we ought to give. The occu- j
pation of a defensne line would not bung us a
peace in twenty years, while it would involve an
outlay of money not less than the vigorous prose-
cution of the war. The Senator from South Caro-
bna held that a vigorous prosecution of the war !
must absorb the whole of Mexico, and that the
absorption of all Mexico would be injurious to the
success of our institutions. He differed from these
views, and thougiit that, without suffering ourselves
to be influenced by two nice a calculation of the
events of the future, we ought to do our duty fear-
lessly, and according to the best lights we can
obtain.
The views of the Senator from South Carolina,
as to the powers of the President as commander-
in-chief, did not convince his mind. He regarded
the incidental powers which accompanied the dec-
laration of war by Congress were sufficient to war-
rant all that the President had done, iie asked
how would any war be conducted, if it was neces-
sary for the commander-m-chief, on every occa-
sion, to consult Congress. What would become
of the war, while he summoned Congress, sub-
mitted his plan, and while Congress discussed it
some eight or nine weeks, and finally overruled his
views.
Mr. BERRIEN then moved that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CASS. Will the gentleman withdraw his
motion for a moment? I do hope that the Senate
will terminate this discussion to-morrow. If not,
I must be constrained to vote against the adjourn-
ment.
[Several Senators .assented to the informal un-
derstanding that the discussion on the bill should
terminate to-morrow.]
Mr. BRADBURY said he hoped that a motion
would be made for the reconsideration of a bill
which involved a large amount of money; and
although in one section of it a provision was made
which, to a very considerable extent, met his ap-
proval, yet there was a principle involved in the
second section, the adoption of which he would
regard as very dangerous—a principle which would
in this single act take from the treasury nearly a
quarter of a million of dollars, and which, in its
final operation, would be broad enough to bank-
rupt the treasury of any government that was ever
' created. It virtually assumed that when we have
existing claims against a foreign Government 
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator excuse
me? What i<? the question?
Mr. FOOTE. It is on the passage of the ten-
regiment bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire simply to move a
reconsideration of the bill. It passed without a
division.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am sure that the Senate
desires to see tl^e Senator accommodated. Ail that
is necessary to be done is, that the Senate, by
general consent, allow him to make a motion to
reconsider the bill; and then the Senate will be in
possession of the motion of the Senator from
Georgia to adjourn.
By general consent, the motion of the Senator
from Maine was then considered and agreed to;
and then, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 17, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the report made on Wednesday last by Mr. Con-
ger, from the Committee on Printing, recommend-
ing the printing and binding of 90,000 extra copies
of the report of the Commissioner of Patents, for
the use of the House.
And the question being on the adoption of said
report—
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to strike out 90,000
and insert 40,000. They would then (he said)
have 40,000 copies of the report on the subject of
agriculture, and 10,000 copies of the entire report,
making a total of 50,000 copies. This, he thought,
would be a sufficient number for the use of tins
House.
Again, if they needed the whole number recom-
mended by the Committee on Printing, there would
be no knowing, for they had no means of know-
ing that he could see, when they should receive
these copies. When they had heretofore ordered
the printing of this document, they had not re-
ceived one solitary copy of it until long after they
had adjourned and reached their homes; and, jud°-- |
ing from the facts before them, if this large number !
should now be ordered according to the purpose J
of the Cornmittee on Printing, not only their own '
term would have expired, but perhaps the terms
of their successors, and their successors' succes-
sors too, would have expired before the printed
copies would be received. He thought that 50,000
copies, which would be given by his amendment,
would be ample. It seemed to him to be a very
large number. He was one of those who believed
that this was one of the most important documents
printed by Congress. There was not one that was
more sought after by the agricultural portion of the
community—numerous letters were coming here
to members from their constituents, desiring them
to furnish them with these documents. And he
had aljvays voted for the largest number. He
would now vote for a number that would be ample
for all valuable purposes. He hoped his amend-
ment would be adopted. To the binding he had
no objection.
Mr. CONGER desired to say a few words by
way of explanation of the facts set forth m the'
report of the committee. The Committee on Print-
ing had ascertained that the printing of that docu-
ment entire would amount to the sum named in
the report; but, in estimating the cost of printing
the whole edition suggested, they had not estima-
ted the amouat, provided the edition should be re-
duced. The sum of $40,000 would pay for print-
ing the whole edition, but from that amount a
deduction should be made in consequencc of the
omission of a portion which the committee had
recommended. The omission would amount to
about one-third of the quantity of matter in the
report, and this would make a deduction in the
cost of printing, which was stated at twenty-six
cents per copy. The deduction, then, would be
one-third of §40,000, the aggregate estimated for
printing the whole.
In relation to the remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. G. W. Jones,] he said theie must
necessarily be some delay in the delivery of the
woik. It was undoubtedly true that this number
of copies could not be delivered in the course of a
few days, or even a few weeks perhaps. But the
committee had assurance from the printer that this
work would be immediately put in type; and if the
maps should be engraved so that the printer could
have them, this document would be very soon de-
livered. The binding of the work would undoubt-
edly cause some more delay, but it could not cause
a delay to any very great extent, and he was con-
fident, if the number recommended by the com-
mittee should be ordered, the House would have
them before the close of the present session.
In relation to the expense, he desired to say one
word. Of the last report of the Commissioner of
Patents, forty-three thousand copies were ordered,
and that edition cost the Government $78,497;
whereas the committee recommend that of this
report more than twice that number should be
printed, and yet the whole would be furnished at
about hall' the expense.
In relation to the binding, if that was objected to
as a novel thing, he thought much might be said
in favor of it. The committee, after considering the
whole subject, had recommended the binding. He
admitted there was in the committee a diversity of
opinion respecting the number of copies that should
be ordered; but, judging from the general anxiety
which had been expressed throughout the whole
country for this work, a majority of the committee
thought one hundred thousand copies would not
be more than sufficient to supply the demand. His
opinion was, that it would fall short of supplying
the demand. But, entertaining these views, the
committee had recommended the printing of one
hundred thousand copies, and large as the sum was
which it was estimated they would cost, they be-
lieved the money would be well laid out, inasmuch
as it would be expended in the dissemination of use-
! ful information, by distributing that report broad-
! cast through the land.
Mr. R. SMITH, of Illinois, was in favor of
printing this report as it came from the Committee
on Printing. He admitted they spent a great deal
of money in printing, but he thought the report of
the Commissioner ot Patents one of the most val-
uable documents ever ordered to be printed by this
House. He knew, so far as concerned his own
immediate constituents, it was a document that was
We have b;tck numbers of the Congressional Clobk
and Appendix for tins session, and will furnish th«m ami
the future numbers for $2 each, until the 10th April. Alier
that day, they will be $3 each.
