THE
GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RTYES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 20,1848.
New Series No.,31i
more souglit after than any printed by -ftl-der of
either House of Congress. The agricultural por-
tion of it was carefully read and examined by
farmers; to that class of his constituents it was of
great value, and there should be no hesitation here
as to its publication. As to thS binding, he came
to the conclusion that if it was worth printing it
was worth' binding. He deemed it highly expe-
dient that it should be bound, as thereby it would
•be better preserved. He had no desire to occupy
much of the time of the House, if there was a dis-
position to take the question, but he thought there
should fee a\full House when the question was dis-
posed of. He should be satisfied with the decisijp
of the House, whatever it might be, but he desired
to have the yeas and nays upon it. He would
now only add, that it was due to the country that
this document should Ue printed and sent out to
the people.
Mr. MARVIN was in favor both of the printing
and the binding. He was satisfied with the con-
clusion to which the Committee on Printing had-
arrived, and he was more especially gratifieif with
that portion of their report in which they state
that, although they recommend the House to print
double the number ordered last year, the cost
would be only about half as much. But he was
particularly desirous that the document should-be
bound, for valuable as ii was unquestionably, it
was ill calculated for preservation—and much of
its utility depended -on its preservation—if sent
forth in sheets. It was not good economy, after
expending so much in its publication, to refuse the
additional sum which the binding would cost for
its preservation. The volume published last year
was a large one, and the second time lie took it in
hand it tumbled to pieces. This was a work which
should be so bound that it could be kept for fre-
quent consultation, not only now, but for the pur-
.pose of reference hereafter. And here permit him
to state, that even if the House should publish the
large number recommended by the Committee on
Printing, the number would be but as a drop in the
ocean. Compare the number of copies with the
number of individuals who were desirous to pro-
cure it, and those for whom it was particularly
designed—lie meant the farmers of this country—
<ind see how inadequate tlje number would be to
supply the demand. Why, lie should hardly know
what to do with his proportion of (hem when ob-
tained. Then surely, an they would not be suffi-
cient to supply his Congressional district, they
should be put in such a condition ns would permit
them to be passed from hand to hand. This the
• binding would accomplish, and it would fit them
for deposite in the public libraries and the common
school district libraries throughout the States. He
had made a computation, and he found that the
number now proposed to be printed would be
barely sufficient even for that purpose. - Common
school districts, he was aware, were not to com-
mon in all the States of this Union as in that which
he in part represented; but they were located
through the New England States particularly, and
also in the West; and he hoped the House would
supply every library in the common school dis-
tricts throughout the land, that every individual
might be able to possess himself of the instructions
which this document contained; and he would
undertake to say that this Government had never
seen the day, nor ever would, when its money
could be better expended so as to subserve the best
interests of the country. It was not from war and
strife, from battle and bloodshed, but from the
peaceful pursuits of life, that the true glory of this
Union must come. The promotion of agriculture,
the encouragement of the mechanic arts, and the
.diffusion of intelligence, while they promoted the
■welfare and happiness of the people, would also'
best serve to perpetuate our national interest and
national glory. He hoped, therefore, there would
be no substantfSl objection to the motion which
had been submitted from the Committee on Print-
ing-
Mr. LAHM had no disposition to consume the
time of the House with a discussion of this mat-
ter; but he felt that it was due to his constituents
31
to express his- concurrence in the views of those
gentlemen who had advocated the printing of the
largest number of this document. He could bear
testimony to the fact .that there was no document
that emanated from this body for which there were
so many urgent demands as for the report of the
Commissioner of Patents. He might here state
that he represented emphatically an agricultural
district. That distiict consisted of two counties;
and when he assured the House "'that in that dis-
trict there was sold from the wagon moro wheat
than from any other district in the Union, it would
be conceded that he w&s correct in saying that he
was emphatically the representative of an agricul-
tural district. The documents usually printed by
order of this House were documents which were
sought by politicians. The President's message,
the speeches delivered on this floor and repub-
lished to the world, were all mainly sought by
politicians; but here was a document which was
deeply interesting to the agriculturists, to the men
who sustained this G-overffment and kept its wheels
in motion; and hence it seemed to him, let the
expense be what it might, he cared not if it was
double the amount of the estimate, he should vote
for it. He should assuredly vote for the largest
number now proposed. According to the report
of the committee, if that number were ordered,
each member would get about four hundred copies.
Now, he could distribute twice that number in his
district to very good advantage, and he. assured
the House that each one would be highly prized.
The objection of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] was no objection to him. The mat-
ter which the document contained was exceedingly
valuable to the farming community; it was matter
which could be studied to advantage in succeeding
seasons, if it was not received during the present.
He should prefer, of course, to have it at as early
a period as possible; but if it could not be pre-
pared this year, he could supply his constituents
with it the next. Knowing it to be the wish of so
large a portion of his constituents to possess this
document, he repeated that Ij,e should vote for the
largest number.
Mr. VINTON said, if this was really a valu-
able document, he should be willing to vote an
appropriation of $40,000 for its publication; but
before he voted so large n sum of money as that,
he should like to know what the document was.
Had it been examined by any committee of this
House, to ascertain its character, nnd to learn
whether it treats of free trade; or what' Had the
Committee on Printine: examined this document ?
He should like to hear if they had.
Mr. CONGER replied, for himself, he had not
read it. It was for some days before the Com-
mittee on Patents, and he supposed the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Henley,] who was also a
member of the Committee on Printing, would be
able to answer that question.
Mr. McKAY was understood to inquire of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Conger] whether
! the number which he reported to have'been order-
' ed last year, and the amount expended, whs exclu-
sively by order of this House, or whether the
whole ordered by the House of Representatives
and the Senate were not included.
Mr. CONGER, in his reply, was understood to
say that his information on this subject was based
on a memorandum which he had taken on an ex-
amination of a document containing a list of ac-
counts as audited for the year in which the last
report was printed. He had found that seven thou-
sand copies of the entire report were printed, and
36,335 copies of the agricultural part of it; but
what proportion of those numbers was ordered by
the Senate, he was unable to say. The aggregate
number of copies was 43,335, but he knew not by
whose order they were all printed. He found, on a
reference to the same memorandum of theaccounts,
that there was a deduction of 33£ per cent, made
from the aggregate cost of those documents; but
he also found tfiat, at the last session of Congress,
that amount was made up; so that Ritchie &Heiss
received in fact, for that document, the sum of
$78,497. He had no doubt his colleagu® on the
Printing Committee, [Mr. Henley,] who was also
a member of the Committee on Patents, would be
able to answer those questions more satisfactorily.
Mr. VINTON understood, then, that the Com-
mittee on Printing had not'examined this docu-
ment; whether .the Committee on Patents had, ha
had yet to learn. As he had said before, if this
document contained really valuable matter, he
\vould be willing to vote the necessary appropria-
tion for its printing; but, before they voted away
$40,000 for that purpose, it should be carefully ex-
amined by a committee of this House, and a report
should be made that would satisfy them respecting
its value and the character of its contents. He
suggested that it shoyld be recommitted to the
Committee on Printing or the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. STEPHENS was disinclined to vote on this
question—as much so as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton]—without knowing what the docu-
ment was. This would be a large publication,and
it would be unwise, as the number proposed was
unprecedented, to print it without knowing some-
thing of its character. Of the binding he would
only say, that he thought it right and proper that
they should have all their large documents, such
as the President's message, &c., bound in a cheap
manner. In that poition of the leporr, then, he •
concurred; but he wms averse to voting for the
printing of so large a number until the character
of the document was known.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
recommit the report to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. POLLOCK said, if the report should be re-
committed to that committee, and they should read
it., they could only report it back with a statement
that it was valuable, but the members of this House
could not tell what would be their own estimate
upon it until it had been submitted to them. But
heretofore they well knew that when they had or-
dered large numbers of similar documents, on all
occasions and at nil timed,the document had been ap-
proved. This fact wasevidence of the strongest pos-
sible kind in fa vorofprin ting this document; not evi-
dence from one particularparty orfrom one House,
but from all parties of both Houses. They knew
the value of the documents of this kind heretofore
published, and he was mfuimed by a gentleman
who had had this document under consideration
that it was as important as any preceding one. It
had been .stated that ten thousand copies of the en-
tire report, and ninety thousand copies of the ag-
ricultural portion of it, could be published for half
the price paid for less than half the number of the
last report. Now, surely this could not be squan-
dering the Public money uselessly. Upwards of
$78,000 haa been paid for forty-three thousand
copies, and now it was proposed to print one hun-
dred thousand copies for §40,000, or for a less
amount. Now, they all agreed, in the East, West,
North, and South, as to the importance of this
work; the agricultural part of the community had
a deep and manifest interest in it; and therefore he
was disposed to print the larger number. They
had squandered hundreds and thousands in the
publication of documents that were of no legitimate
value to the people, but this was peculiarly the
people's document, and the sooner it was printed
the better. He hoped it would not be recommit-
ted .
Mr. TOOMBS thought this matter was entitled
to great considciation. He was opposed to the
motion of the Committee on Printing. This sys-
tem of printing ought to be put down, for it was
running into wasteful extravagance, and he trusted
this Congress would put a stop to it, whether the
subject was agriculture or- anything else. It was
an unjust system. Here was a proposition to print
100,000 copies of a report; but would that number
be sufficient to supply all the people of this coun-
try? If not, it became unequal. _ If they intended
to print, let all be served alike; give to everybody,
or to everybody who contributes to the expense.
The publication of documents which tend to eluci-
date the action of the people's Representatives on
public questions was quite a different thing, and
therefore it became nccessary to print such docu-
