1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' G'LOBEi,.
4m
Patents were ingenious devices, by whiclvthe pro-
cesses of industry and art were facilitated; and, un-
der the head of" patents," they came forward and
took thlf whole subject of agriculture under'their
jurisdiction, and printed large numbers of a docu-
ment, not for the information of Congress, but to
inform the people upon agriculture. The whole
matter was in conformity with thecourse of usurp-/
ation by this House.
Mr. TOOMBS (Mr. K. yielding at his request)
explained his position, lie did not hold that Con-
gress had direct power any more over the subject
of manufactures than of agriculture; but that it
had equal power, so far as theregulation of com-
merce was conccmed, over both. But this docu-
mentdid not in any wise tend to enlighten Congress
in its legislation over the subject of agriculture, to
the extent to which it had the right to legislate
upon that subject. They could lay duties upon
agricultural products as well as they could upon
manufactures. The power to regulate commerce,
then, gave this incidental power over manufactures,
and*over agriculture. But hc«greed with the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, that they had no fur-
ther power over either.
Mr. RHETT (resuming) said he was very glad,
indeed, to hear the explanation of the gentleman
from Georgia. He agreed with the gentleman that
this document was beyond the bounds which the
gentleman had laid down, because it did not in-
form Congress in matters of legislation. What
was the principle that had hitherto been adopted ?
They had subscribed for Elliot's Debates, and for
the Congressional Globe, the contract for which
was equivalent to an inheritance of #10,000 a year
to Blair &> Rives to all eternity. He presumed
they would not sell it for much less than that
amount. He supposed it would still be carried on
by their successors on the Avenue when they died.
•They had had other books primed, but all of them
on the principle of enlightening themselves upon
subjects of legislation. They had proceeded on
the basis that they had not the means of informing
themselves of their duties; that tiicy were entirely
too poor to get the books from other sources, but
that they must be handed to them by the Clerk
from the table. But now they were going one step
beyond informing themselves, and had. got to in-
form all the people, and that upon a subject over
which jurisdiction was proposed to be given in the
Convention, and the proposition was voted down.
JNo doubt every farmer considered tius document
vuhmbie; there was no doubt about its popularity;
and he believed the foundation of this measure was
jpopuluiity; that it was to dispense favors to the
people. Afu'rall, when it was analyzed, it amount-
ed to this: Congressional patronage for the benefit
of members of Congress, by this usurpation of
power, this plunder of the treasury. Ue utterly
detested and scorned ail these expedients. Ileluul |
never voted for one, arid lie never would, so long |
as he had that sense of propriety and that dignity
which it became a member of Congress to pre-
serve. If they, were to vote these Llnngs—if it was
the purpose of Congress to give to members the
means of pleasing the people by the donation of
information, lut them not confine themselves to
this document; let them subscribe for woiks upon
agricultural chemistry—let them go to philoso-
phers, those who analyzed the great principles of
agriculture, and give their works to the people.
He thought the whole proceeding was utterly un-
worthy, utterly wrong.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, remarked, that
although he might be considered as wanting in
those high and gentlemanly principles which the
gentleman from South Carolina had said became
member of Congress, he could not but say, that
for one, he was in favor of printing this report, be-
cause he knew it was demanded by the great agri-
cultural interests of the country. That was his
motive for advocating and voting m favor of print-
ing this report, and not because he wanted to make
political capital out of it at home or elsewhere.
He should be glad to have this document to dis-
seminate among his people; not that they wanted
information on the subject of agriculture; not that
they wanted general intelligence so much as the
people of some other portions of this country, ac-
cording to the best of his judgment and belief.
They should disseminate knowledge among the
people, in order that they might send to this House
men competent to legislate upon subjects m which
their general welfare was concerned. Let them
send the'Congressional Globe, if they pleased; let
them send the Comic Almanac, referred to by one
gentleman, if they thought it would go to benefit
their constituents ; let them send anything that
would enlighten them, that "would give them infor-
mation. Itwas infoi (nation upon this great sub-
ject of agriculture that he was in favor^of dissem-
inating to the people of all sections of the country,
north, south, east, and west, and it was with this
object in view that lie should vote for the printing of
this document. Thirty-five or forty thousand dol-
lars was a petty sum to appropriate to a purpose so
valuable to the people of the whole country. They
spent immense sums in printing documents inter-
esting to a very small portion of the people. They
had ordered the printing of a commercial document
here the other day at an expense of half the sum
which this document would cost; yet it would not
interest perhaps more than one hundredth part of
the people in any measure compared with the in-
terest which was felt upon the subject of agricul-
ture throughout the whole country. But a few
years ago they had published one single document
which cost twice as much as this Patent Office doc-
ument would cost, just for the purpose of letting
a very few individuals know the route which our
troops pursued as they went to the western por-
tion of this country. He alluded to Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont's report, which was published in
so expensive a manner that it could be read by
but a very few persons, so small was the number
of copies.
Now, mis;ht they not legislate upon the subject
of agriculture, because the Constitution did not in
express terms provide for it? lie did not know
what the Constitution meant in that common
phrase "general welfare," which had been used
so often and was so much hackneyed that people
were disposed to smile at it, if it did not convoy
to Congress a power over agriculture. He did
not know what possible interest could be promo-
ted which would tend more to the general welfare
of the country than the interest of agriculture.
He was in favor of printing the largest number,
because he knew the whole people of this gieat
country were far moie interested in this document
than they were in any other which they could
send out to them. 4
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question, which was seconded, and the main
question ordered: being first on the amendment
to reduce the number of copies from 90,000 to
40,000.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and being taken, resulted: Yeas 5*2, nays 99.
So the amendment was rejected.
The tpieslion recurring on the adoption of the
report of the committee, it was taken by yeas and
nays, and decided in the affirmative: Yeas 117,
nays
So that, of the report of the Commissioner of
Patents, there are ordered to be printed, in addition
to the usual number, 90,000 copies without the list
of patents granted and expired, the claims, and the
opinions of the Chief Justice, and 10,000 copies of
the report entire, including all its parts.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. George
£>. Houston, of Alabama, in the chair.)
The question pending when the House were lust
in committee, was the motioft that the bill to
extend to John J. Adam a patent for flattening
cylinder window glass" be laid aside to be report-
ed to the House, with the recommendation that it
do not pass.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Captain Henry M.
Shreve was next taken up, and debated by Mr.
BOWL1N in opposition, and Mr. GREEN in
favor of the claim.
Mr. VENABLE then obtained the floor; but
before commencing his remarks—
A motion was made that the committee rise.
The question was put, and there were—ayes 55,
noes 25.
A quorum not voting—
The CHAIRMAN ordered the Clerk to call the
roil of the members under the 126th rule of the
House, which requires the Chairman to have the
roll called when the committee finds itself without
a quorum, and report the namesof theabsentees
to the H-ouse, to be entered upon the Journpj:
The committee-rose, and the-Chairman reported,
the bill to extend to John J. Adam a patent fop
flattening cylinder window glass, to the House>
with the recommendation that it do n6t pas$, .
Also, that on a motion that the committee ^ise,
finding itself without a quorum, the roll was called*
Mr. McKAY said it would be remembered that
a bill to regulate the appointment of clerks and for
other purposes, reported by him, had been xyiada
the special order for a previous day, but he had
not at that time called it up, as the loan bill was
then pending. It was considered an important
bill, and he now desired it should be made the
special order for Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER said the motion could only bq
entertained by unanimous consent.
Objections were made—
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 17, 1848.
On motion by Mr. Mangum, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Hogan, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives for the relief
of Sarah Stokes, widow of John Stokes, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Charles M. Gib-
son, submitted a rcpoit, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read,and passed to thesccond
reading, and the report oi'deied to be printed.
Mr. BADGER gave notice that on to-morrow,
or at an early day, lie would ask leave of the Sen-
ate. to introduce a bill in relation to the true intent
and meaning of the acts authorizing the exercise
of the franking privilege.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Clarke:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be le-
que«ted to transmit to the Senate a copy of '• a despatch to
the United States consul at Monterey, T. O. Larkin,
forwarded in November, 1845, by Captain Gillespie, of the
marine corps and which was, by him, destroyed before (in-
terim; the port of Vera Crux.
The resolution having been amended by the ad-
dition of the words " if a communication of the
same be not, in his opinion, incompatible with the
public interests,M was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Nilbs, and
it was agreed to:
llr^olt ril, Thai file Pi evident be requested to communicate
to the SciiaU' copies of the corie pnndenco between the
nuinsternt tire Tinted Static at London, and any authorities
of the Hnii-h Government, in relation to a postal arrange-
ment between the two countries.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Westcott, on the 3d instant,
and it was agreed to, as follows:
Ordered, That one thousand additional copies of the re-
ports of Lieutenant Emory and Colonel Cooke, and ibe
aeeotnpanj trig map and illu-tianon«, heretofore ordered to
he printed by the Senate, be fuim.-licd lor the use of the
Senate.
The bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide for the transportation of the mail
between the United Suites and "foreign countries,
and for other purposes," was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole;
and,
On motion by Mr. NiLES, it was
Qxfrivd, That the further consideration thereof bo post-
poned to, and made the ordei of the day for, Monday, the
(id day of April next.
A bill Horn the House of Representatives, re-
quiring all moneys receivable from customs and
from all other sources, to be paid immediately into
the treasury without abatement or deduction, and
for other purposes, was read the first and second
time?, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
TIIE TEN-REGIMENT BILL.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the prior orders were
postponed, and the Senate resumed the considera-
tion of the bill, on its third reading, to raise, for a
limited time, an additional military force.
Mr. BERRIEN addressed the Senate m oppo-
sition to the bill. He said he would have gladly
