484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
been spared from the task of addressing the Senate
at this late period of the debate, and lie might have
done so, had the Senate consented to raise the veil
which conceals its Executive action. He might
have remained silent, and satisfied himself with
privately communing with his constituents. But
lie was impelled to break silence, in order that
the two voices of Georgia might be heard on the
question.
- The object of the bill is to urge the Mexican
Government to ratify the treaty. No one doubts
that this is the object. Mexico, left to her own
free will, would not have consented to this treaty,
and we are to compel her to surrender a large por-
tion of her territory for a stipulated price, which we
force her to accept. Whether we have a right to
do this—whether, as a Christian nation, we ou ht
to do so—and whether the result of such a step is
jiotlikely to prove injurious to our own interests,—
these are questions which will be asked by the
historian of our country when the excitement of
the hour shall have passed away.
As to the military character of the bill, he would
say nothing: this had no doubt been deliberated
on by the committee, to whose judgment he paid
all deference; but there were graver considerations
which compelled him now to raise his voice in
opposition to the bill.
He defined patriotism as the concentration of
the energies of the people for the interests of the
whole. And the glory of the country consists in
the unquestionable rectitude of its proceedings, and
the valor with which they ,are carried out. We
are novv, for the first time, conquerors in a war of
aggression; our bleeding foe lies prostrate beneath
our sword, and humanity shudders at the desola-
tion which we have spread through an adjoining
Republic.
He alluded to the course taken by individuals
and a portion of the press, in commenting on the
expected progress of the American people, in
which the wildest and most impracticable theories
had been started; and he believed that those who
expressed such sentiments, were perfectly honest
in their belief of the practicability of what they
uttered.
Our national reputation he bad believed to have
been sufficiently established by the war of the
Revolution and the war which existed from 1812
to 18]fj. He did hot imagine that it was left to be
established by a war with so weak a Power as
Mexico.
On the subject of our right to acquire territory,
the Senator from Viigima [Mr. Hlxter] and the
Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] had given their
opinions that this question was no longer open to
discussion. In the school of ethics in which he
was educated, he had been tnueht to believe that
the right to do a thing should be made clear before
the expediency of doing it was determined on; and,
to him, the right in this;case was by no means made
clear. On that question we are now thrown hack.
By what risjhtdo we take this terntoi y of California
and New Mexico? Is it by the right of conquest?
Does this authorize an abandonment of the princi-
ples of honor and humanity to the grasp of power?
If so, the right is complete, and Mexico remains
entirely at our mcrcy.
Mr.FOOTEcalled theSenatorto order,as touch-
ing on points which could not be alluded to in de-
bate.
Mr. BERRIEN said he had no reference to any-
thing which had passed in secret session. He
alluded to the language of the President, as the
benator would have seen had he attended closelv
to his remarks. <
Hie VICE PRESIDENT having decided that
the remarks were perfectly in order 
Mr. BERRIEN resumed, protesting that we
were pursuing a course in reference to this acqui-
sition of territory which the Constitution did not
justify. The. extent of the high and holy princi-
ples for which that instrument gave the power to
raise armies were distinctly stated, and had no
reference to aggressive war, or the right to seize
foreign territory. It surely cannot be pretended
that the object sought to be accomplished was the
indemnity of those of our citizens who have suffer-
ed wrongs from Mexico ! Conquest gives power
but confers no right. It gives power to do what
you will with a prostrate foe, subject to the judg-
ment of Heaven as to the m.umei in which 'suck
power is exerted. In this case, he felt exceedingly
anxious that iu our demands on Mexico we should
not pass beyond the line of right, that we should
require nothing beyond a just indemnity.
That we had placed ourselves in hostile attitude
to Mexico by'our annexation of Texas, he pre-
sumed no one could doubt. For some time before
the resolution to annex Texas passed, there had
been no active hostilities between her and Mexico.
Before the annexation, the President had deter-
mined, at whatever cost, to extend the boundaries
of Texas to the Rio Grande—peaceably if he
could, forcibly if he must. He pointed out the
evidence of this fact in the correspondence of the
Government with General Taylor, who resisted
every effort to push forward to the Rio Grande,
until he received the final order to advance. The
conduct of General Taylor, in this instance, was
truly patriotic, as it was eminently wise. He came
to the conclusion, from an examination of the
facts, that there was nothing in the circumstances
connected with the beginning of the war to justify
us in asking as indemnity the territory now de-
manded. But supposing that Mexico had come
j i into territory which belonged to the United States,
:j having committed this act of aggression, has she
|! not been sufficiently chastised for the act by the
victories of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma?
Have we not in these battles and those which pre-
ceded, sufficiently elevated and fixed the reputation
of our country? Mexico must have learned that
hereafter she must not meet our troops in collision;
and when this lesson was first given her, had we
then terminated the wa , the glory and security
! acquired by the act would have far exceeded any
1 which we have since obtained, or which we can
ever acquire in a war of conquest. After the* ar-
mistice at Monterey, Mexico would have readily
listened to a proposition to conclude the war on such
terms as we might have been disposed to offer.
For what purpose was the war prosecuted after
this armistice? It was said that it was to conquer
peace. He could attach no definite meaning to the
phrase; but the amount of treasure and of blood
which has since been wasted, has yet to be cal-
culated. With reference to the aggressions com-
mitted by Mexico on our citizens, we had made
: a tieat)', which stood in the place of any prccxist-
'i ing claim to indemnity; our claim was merged in
that treaty, and we could not set up any demand
■ for indemnity independent of that treaty. He
made some sarcastic observations on the justice
' and humanity which were attributed to our policy
• by some of the Senators who had advocated this
bill.
!; As to the idea of manifest destiny, which many
I' had connected with this war, he inquired, if the
;! adoption of the-phrase was not an innovation on
ij the omnipotence of God> and whether poor worms
jj of earth could pretend to understand and explain
; the purposes of Deity.
!| He referred to the language in which the Presi-
\\ dent, in his message relative to the annexation of
j| Texas, designated the political institutions of Mex-
j ico as similar to our own. Yet we now require of
i; Mexico to cede the soil and government of two of
jl her separate, sovereign and independentStates; and
h this, he contended, we had no right to require. If
;i the case of Mexico and the United States was re-
ij versed, and Mexico had been in the midst of our
j| capital, made a demand for the cession of two of
:! our States, should we not have rejected the propo-
|: sition with scorn, and declared our determination
!; to sustain the integrity of our Union, or to die in
■ j its defence?
In reference to the value of California itself, he
ji looked at the opposite estimates which had been
j; circulated. If it was unfit for cultivation; we ought
S; not to take it as a gift. If it was capable of culti-
ii vation, and unfit for slave labor, the South would
jj attach little value to it. If it was capable of cultiva-
lion, and fit for slave labor, then would arise that
dangerous question, to which every other question
!; is as nothing in point of importance—a question in
i; which the North and the South have taken their
,j honest and unalterable stand. If he saw nothing
j! else in it but the dread that this question might be
|j introduced, he would reject all the broad lands of
, Mexico, rather than encounter it. He prayed that
; the time may be far distant when sectional feelings
ij shall sunder our Union. He devoutly hoped that
rtur country would prosper in its happy Union,
j casting its beneficence around it, carrying on the
j high purposes for which it was founded, and that
j nothing would occur to disturb its harmony, or to
' affect its durability.
Mr. WEBSTER. Although, laboring under
deep depression, I still feel it my duty, at as early
a moment as I may be able, to address the Senate
upon the state of the country, and on theTurther
prosecution of the war. I have listened, sir, silent-
ly but attentively to the discussion which has taken
place upon this bill, and upon other connected sub-
jects in this-Senate; and it is not my purpose to
enter into-the historical narrative, or the historical
argument which has accompanied its discussion on
the one side or on the other. New events have
arisen, bringing new questions; and since the re-
sumption of the discussion upon this measure, two
or three days ago, these events have been alluded
to, first by the honorable Senator who conducts
this bill through the Senate, and again by the hon-
orable Senator before me from Carolina. By both
these honorable members these events have been
;j declared to be well known to all the world, and by
one of them [Mr. Cass] it was remarked that there
need be no affectation of mystery. Since these
statements were made I have heard the gentleman
from South Carolina express his views on the
question. 1 have heard him on various and mo-
mentous subjects, on many interesting occasions,
and I desire to say, sir, that I never heard him
with more unqualified concurrence in every word
he uttexed. The topics which he discussed were
presented, it appears to me, in their just light, and
he sustained his own views in regard to them with
i that clearness and power of argument which
I always characterize his efforts in debate. I thank
j him. I thank him especially for the manly stand
| he took upon one point, which has not been 30
;! much discussed here as others—I mean the plain,
absolute unconstitutionality and illegality of the
Executive Government in attempting to enact laws
by Executive authority in conquered territories out
of the United States. Sir, whether the power ex-
ists in the President or not, may be inferred by an-
swering another question, Does he wear a crown?
That's the only question. If he wears a crown—
if he is the king of the country— if we are his sub-
jects, and they who are conquered by the arms of
the country become his subjects also, and owe him
!j allegiance—why,then,accordingto well-established
!j principles, until the interference of the Legislature,
|| but no longer, even then, he may conquer—he may
ij govern—he may impose Jaws—he may lay taxes—
iS he may assess duties. The King of England has
jl done it, in the various cases of conquest, from the
J conquest of Wales and Ireland down to the con-
l quest of the West India Islands, in the war of '56,
!; and in the wars growing out of the French Revo-
lution. The King of England has done it; done
it by royal prerogative; done it in the government
of his own subjects, existing in or inhabiting ter-
ritories not under the protection of English law,
but governed by him until Parliament puts them
under the protection of English law. Now, sir,
j there was laid before us, at the commencement of
j the session, a system of legislation for Mexico as
| for a conquered country. Let us not confound
I ideas that are in themselves separable and neces-
; sanly distinct. This is not the question, whether
j he who is in an enemy's country at the head of an
: army, may not supply his daily wants; whether
he may not seize the granaries and the herds—if
j he choose so to conduct the war—of the enemy in
whose country he is: that is one thing; but the
! question is here, whether sitting in the Presidential
' house, by an act of mere authority, when the coun-
try is conquered and subdued, the President of the
, United States may by, and of, and through, lus
. own power establish in Mexico a system of civil
i law.
i We have read, sir, and some of us have not for-
I gotten it, in all books of authority treating of the
. law of nations, that when a country is conquered
or ceded, its existing laws are not changed till the
competent authoiity of the conquering Power
; changes them. That I hold to be the universal
doctrinc of public law. Well, here is a system of
I levying taxes, repealing old laws, and making
> new ones—a system behind that, of which I read
; with pain and mortification; for I find, in this com-
| munication of the Secretary, sanctioned by the
President, that our brave troops (as they are always
called, ten times in every page) were directed to lay
; hold on all the little municipal treasures—all the
i little collections for social purposes that carried on
the interior, the municipal, what we should call
the parish concerns of Mexico 1 They were direct-
i ed to seise them all! The War Department issued
