1848. -
THE.' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
orders to chase the Government of Mexico like a
partridge on the mountain, from city to city—to
give it oo rest for the sole of its foot—to extermi-
nate it; and another order issued from the Treas-
ury Department at the same time directed this
%. seizure of all these small and petty sums of public
money. I am obliged, therefore, to the gentleman
from South Carolina for having brought this sub-
ject to the attention of the Senate.
I am happy in having an opportunity of expres-
sing my repugnance to all the doctrine and all the
practice. Where will it lead to ? What does the
President do with this money ? Why, he supports
the army! But this money-never passes under
any appropriation of law. The Constitution of the
United States says that the Executive power shall
have no appropriations for military purposes for
more than two years. But here there is a stand-
ing appropriation put at the disposition and discre-
tion of the President of the United States of all the
money he can collect by this system of personal
Executive legislation over seven millions of people,
and that under the Constitution of the United
States ! If the statement of this case does not at-
tract the attention of the community—in short, if
the question is not^ argued before an American
p Senate when it is stated, it is beyond my power to
illustrate it by any further argument.
Sir, while I rejoice that the honorable member
from South Carolina has done so important a ser-
vice, as to put this question in a proper and clear
light before the community and the Senate; and,
while ! &gree, as I have said, inv all that he has
uttered on the topics which he has treated; that
topic which was upon my mind and my conscience
more than all the rest, was a topic which he did
not treat, and in regard to which I fear I may not
expect—would to God that I could expect!—his
concurrence, and the strength of his arm: I mean
the object, plain and manifest, original in the in-
ception of this war, not always avowed, but always,
however, the real object: the creation of new States
on the southern border of the United States, to be
formed out of the territory of Mexico, and the peo-
ple inhabiting the territory of Mexico. If, after a
service of thirty years in these councils, he could
have taken a lead—if his convictions of duty, I mean
to say, could have allowed him to take a lead and
make a stand for the integrity of the United States,
even with these large recent accessions, which I
am willing to consider as brotherly accessions,
that I have no disposition to reject, discourage, or
discountenance, in theexisting circumstances of the
case—if, I say, sir, that, at the end of our common
service, now for thirty years, the honorable mem-
ber could have seen his line of duty to lie in such
a direction that he could have taken a stand for the
integrity of the United States—these United States,
into whose service he and I entered in early life,
with warm and equally warm patriotic affections—
the love of a known country, a defined country, an
American country,—if he had found it consistent
with his duty to have taken such a stand, and I
had perished in supporting him in it, I should feci
. that I had perished m a service eminently connected
with the prosperity and true honor of the coun-
try.
Mr. President, I am obliged to my friend from
Georgia for having taken that view of some topics
in this case, with his usual clearness and ability,
which will relieve me from the necessity of discus-
sing those subjects which he has taken up. I feel,
fcir, the great embarrassment which surrounds me,
brought about by those events which have taken
place and been adverted to in the Senate. It has
keen stated by the gentleman to whom I alluded,
[Mr. Cass,] that the whole world knows that a
treaty has come hither from Mexico—that it has
been acted upon here, and is sent back—that a
member of this body, occupying an eminent posi-
tion in its deliberations and conduct, has been sent
out as a minister with full powers to make expla-
nations—of course not explanations of what was
.done in Mexico, but explanations of what has been
done here. There has been such a paper here—I
allude to none of its particulars, although follow-
ing the example of the honorable member from
Michigan, who says that all the world knows there
is a treaty, I might say, all the world knows, too,
exactly what the treaty is, for the-details are as
well known as the principal fact. I feel, sir, as I
#aid, a new embarrassment. On the events that
have occurred here within three weeks, political
. friends to some extent differ, and that goes nearer
to my heart than any dart that political adversaries
could direct.
The war is odious. "Generally speaking, taking
the whole country together, the war is odious in a
high degree. The country is distressed.' A treaty
has been offered. It has been here, and it has been
sent back. Now, I feel, sir, that there has been
manifested throughout the country a very strong
desire, for the sake of peace, that this treaty, or any
treaty, should be ratified. The business of the
country is disorganized and distressed. Men know
not what to calculate upon. The occupations of
life are embarrassed. The finances of individuals,
as well as of the country, are much deranged—the
circumstances of individuals placing them in great
exigency and necessity of immediate relief; and
there has come up a strong expression in favor of
amj treaty on any terms, if it will bring peace.
Now, sir, I am not for any treaty on any terms,
though it bring peace. In my judgment, with en-
tire diffidence therein, and entire deference to the
better judgment of others,*1 think that this indis-
criminate demand of peace, in any circumstances
and on any terms, is either an effusion of ecstatic
delight at the prospect of getting rid of an abomi-
nated war, or else it is the result of a feeling for
which I have not so much respect—that we are to
take this, whatever it may be; or I will rather say,
that we are to take whatever may be offered, lest
our masters should give us harder terms. It is
either the effusion of joy at the prospect of putting
an end to the war, or else that men's resolution
cool s y
I believe, sir, that the press on all sides, with
very few exceptions—perhaps uniting for once—
have for the last three weeks pressed the Senate,
by their daily counsels and advice, to take the
treaty whatever it may be. All these considera-
tions, which seem to me to spring from the first
impulse, and not from the sober second thought of
the people, appear to be designed—I will not say
designed, but calculated, as they have been calcu-
lated—to press forward the councils of the Senate;
and to induce these councils to take any bit of
parchment, or any bit of paper which could be
called or concluded to be a treaty—to clench it,
and confirm it, with our eyes blindfolded. No,
sir—with our eyes dead, sightless as the eyes of a
marble statue, to all the future.
On these subjects, sir, to the extent to which it
may be proper'for me to discuss them, I wish to
declare my sentiments once for all; not going ba<ik
to the origin of the war—not reexamining orders
of the Executive—not pausing to consider, as my
honorable friend from Georgia has done, the vari-
ous stages in the progress of the campaigns, in
which it might seem to have been, and 1 think he
has proved that it was, the duty of the Executive
to consider the propriety of arresting the war,—
without attempting any of this sort of discursive
dissertation upon the case, I nevertheless desire to
express my opinions upon the state of the country,
upon the further prosecution of the war, and upon
that most important, and, if not vital, most inter-
esting question, the revenue, and the ability of the
country, in the present existing legislation of Con-
gress, to supply the public demands. An under-
standing, however, was entered into yesterday, to
which I was a party, that the question upon the final
passage of this bill should be taken to-day. I do
not propose to depart from that understanding. If
I had strength, which I have not, and health, which
I have not, there is not time, without-pushing the
Senate into a very late session, to say what I wish
to say. I will, therefore, with the permission of
the Senate—and I hope not without the concur-
rence of the honorable member who is at the head
of the Finance Committee, postpone what I have
further to say upon this subject, until the early part
of next week, when I understand the" loan bill
will be before the Senate. This measure is to raise
men; that measure is to pay them. The object,
therefore, of both is one—the further prosecution
of the war with Mexico. What I have to say,
then, may as well be said appropriately on one bill
as the other, and therefore I shall not now detain
the Senate; but if an opportunity should be offered
upon the earliest introduction of the loan bill, I
shall claim the privilege of expressing myself on
.the several points which I have now mentioned to
the Senate.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, before I proceed to
the more serious part of my undertaking, I beg to
make a few remarks somewhat personal to myself.
And I am induced "to do so in consequence of an
allusion made the other day by my honorable friend
from Delaware, (for I am sure he will permit me to
call him such,) and which, I frankly confess, I did
not take in very good part. The Senator said T
was, or had constituted myself, the champipn of the
Administration, and that I had blown a trumpet
and uttered a note of defiance—that I had thrown •
down a glove, which he, ig the spirit, I presume of
chivalry, had taken up. Now, sir, all this is in-
correct. I gave no challenge; I assumed no cham-
pionship; I uttered no note of defiance. The very
thing, which the Senator from Delaware supposes
I did. was the very thing I feel I could not have
had the folly to do. I said, on the introduction of
the army bill, that in presenting it, I should not"
touch any of the disputed points which divide our
two great political parties,, but I thought, from
appearances, which could not be misapprehended,
that these would be introduced by others. I said
further, that the discuss on of the great topics of
the day, respecting the war, could not be avoided,
though I had hoped they would be postponed till
this necessary bill was passed; but that at any
rate, however severe might be the attack, I trusted
it would be as earnestly met, and "easily repelled.
This is the substance of my remarks, sir, and I
must say to the honorable Senator from Delaware,
that he has not a little surprised me by deducing
from them the conclusion, that I had constituted
myself the champion of the Administration, and
that I had brought on a controversy by the very
terms, with which 1 disclaimed any such intention.
Why, sir, I knew all this would come, and so did
every member of the Senate. I knew that the
course of the Administration would be severely
assailed on the other side of the Chamber, and my
conviction was not the less certain, that it would be
promptly met on this side and easily repelled. But
1 trust I did not say, certainly I did not think, it
would be repelled by me. I knew that task was
committed to better hands than mine. I knewthere
were faithful sentinels on this side of the Senate;
able and experienced statesmen; prompt, powerful,
and fearless debaters, who have passed much of
their lives in these legislative encounters, and who
would defend with energy, and I believed with suc-
cess, those measures, which met with the entire
approbation of the great party, to which they be-
long. It is in no spirit of affected humility, that I
feel I have no right to assume the duties of men
like these. My life has not been passed in such
scenes as this. The early and more active portion
of it was spent amid the toils and privations and
exposures of a new country, and not a little of it
upon the very verge of civilization, and even be-
yond it, where duties far different from those com-
mitted to us here, called me and occupied me. A
vote of the Senate has placed me, contrary to my
own wishes, at the head of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and if, in the discharge of its duties,
I can lend any aid towards what 1 consider the best
interests of my country in the situation in ivhich
she is placed, I shall be satisfied, without making
the vain attempt attributed to me by the Senator
from Delaware. So much for my championship.
It is not my glove, which the honorable Senator
has picked up, but his own.
The distinguished Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] in the discussion of yesterday,
gave his opinions upon some important topics con-
nected with this bill. The questions, presented by
him are of the highest importance, and were urged
with all that closeness and clearness which charac-
terize his intellectual labors. I desire to express
not only my dissent from his conclusions, but, as
briefly as may be, the views that have struck me
during the short period I have had to reflect upon
the subject. At the very commencement, I feel a
difficulty, which will be obvious to all that know—
and who does not know?—the process, at once com-
piessed and logical, by which that Senator reaches
his deductions; in consequence of being compelled,
to rely upon my memory, and not having been
able to read his speech, which has been laid upon
our table, since we took our seats in this Cham er
10 However I may have misapprehended him du-
ring the progress of his remarks, I did not misap-
prehend him at their commencement. He began
by asserting, that there was not a single rea&on in
favor of the passage of_ tins bill. Certainly, sir,
this assertion is far too broad. We may differ as
to the weight of the arguments m support of this
