1648.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
48t
while the enemy may be in masses, an'd bring their
whole force to operate upon a part of our«> If we
are debated, we are destroyed; for 'we have no
reinforcements to order up, nor to fall back on.
Our point of support might be one thousand miles
off. If the enemy are defeated, they retire beyond
ail enchanted line, where danger cannot come.
But after all, what good would this do, even if
the line could be defended ? How would it bring
peace? What possible motive would the Mex-
icans have to make pea,ce in such a state of things ?
They have it at alt times, when they desire it; for
the line is a Chinese wall, beyond which we itiay
look indeed, but must not pass. For if we should
Spass it, we should that moment abandon vour plan,
confess its inefficiency, and commence a new sys-
tem of operations to recover the ground from which
we had retreated before Entering upon this danger-
ous experiment. We assume our line. We take
a position behind it, covering the country we in-
tend to hold. It is a sine quanon; and we will not
treat with Mexico till she relinquishes all right to
the region we claim. What, then, has she to gain
by peace? No territory, for all we hold we keep;
no honor, for that is compromised by the cession;
no exemption from the evils and calamities of war,
for she is just as secure behind the line, while the
stain quo lasts, as she would be if a treaty were
signed, sealed, ratified, and promulgated. If she
choose to sit still, there is peace; if she choose'to
attack us, she attacks us, and, if successful, fol-
lows up her advantages, till she strikes a decisive
blow; but if unsuccessful, she retires behind her
banner, and awaijg a better opportunity to renew
her efforts. . Such a state of things would be inter-
minable, for anything I see. No Government could
maintain it. No public sentiment could bear it.
Mexico would have every motive to continue it,
because the chances of the future might give her
success, and restore her territory; whereas they
could do her no injury, and in the mean time she
would not put the seal to her own dishonor.
As to the defence of a line between coterminous
, Countries, it rests upon very plain principles. If
the countries are at war, one or the other, or both,
will attempt to cross it. Neither will remain be-
hind their line for the avowed purpose of defend-
ing it, unless, indeed, one of ti\em is so weak that
offensive measures would be impracticable. If an
irruption is made, the party making it has neces-
sarily some military operations in view, which, if
successful, it pursues, but if unsuccessful, it aban-
dons and returns. The defence of the line itself,
in this state of things, becomes a secondary object,
yielding to ulterior considerations, involved in the
plans of operations. An invading force, if repelled,
must be followed, and if followed, must be pur-
sued to its places of refuge or the battle-field, where
the fate of arms must decide the contest. Any con-
test between nations, involving other principles,
would be irreconcilable with public sentiment, and
incompatible with the plainest dictates of policy.
No, Mr. President, let us go on in the old-fash-
ioned way—I will not say the good old-fashioned
way, because the term would be inapplicable and
improper; but I will say the approved old-fashion-
ed way—and wage this war as our fathers waged
'war before us, and as our sons will probably wage
it after us, if driven to this last appeal of nations.
Let us discard these untried plans, and place our
faith in experience, not in experiments. Let us
push our operations, firmly as need be, but merci-
fully as may be, till we have conquered enough of
the country-to overcome obstinate injustice, and
thus to conquer a peace.
But a principal object of the Senator from South
Carolina *eems to be, to place the Administration
in the wrong in the measures it has directed to be
taken, for levying contributions for the support
and subsistence of ouc army in Mexico. To do
this, he has commenced with what I consider a
fundamental error, that when we enter an ene-
my's country in war, we take with us all the pow-
* ers of our own Constitution. If it is meant by
this, that an invading army has a right to exercise
all the powers fairly derivable from the Constitu-
tion, and relating to a state of war, the proposition
is true, but entirely useless for the purpose of the
honorable Senator's argument. But if it is meant
that the guarantees of the Constitution accompany
the army and operate upon the movements of our
troops in a hostile country, nothing can be more
erroneous in principle, or would be more injurious
in practice. The slightest -reflection will —
any one, that the extension of our constitutional
guarantees over countries occupied by our armies
would ,be utterly subversive of all the rights of
war. We could not march a step without finding
impediments that could not be overcome. The
provisions of the Constitution are
"That Congress shall have power—
" To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisals,
and make rules and regulations concerning captures on land
and water.
"To raise and support armies.
" To make rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces."
The Constitution further provides that—
"The President of the United States shall be commander-
in-chief of the army and navy," &c.
These are all the provisions of the Constitution
bearing upon the war-making power.
in the whole history of our legislation there are
but two provisions respecting the conduct of our
forces in foreign countries, and these are coeval
with the Government, having been first passed in
1775, and again in 1806, and forming thus a perma-
nent part of our military code. These two pro-
visions are in articles fifty-one and fifty-five of the
rules and articles of war. The former declares
that—
" No officer or soldier shall do violence to any person, who
brings provisions or other necessaries to the camp, garrison,
or quarters of the forces of the United States, employed in
any parrs out of the said States, under pain of death, or such
other punishment asa court-martial may direct."
The latter declares that—
" Whoever, belonging to the armies of the United States
employed in foreign parts, shall force a safeguard, shall suf-
fer duath."
Here is our whole written legislation, constitu-
tional or congressional, upon this subject.
Now, sir, like other nations, we are liable to
war; and when engaged in if, we are entitled to
all the rights which that condition brings with it.
Nor do I believe, that those rights are in the small-
est tittle diminished, because we choose that our
Chief Magistrate should wear a hat and not a
crown, to follow out an allusion made this evening
by a distinguished Senator. Our army, in the
prosecution of war, enters a hostile country. What
may it do there? Originally, in the early ages of
the world, the right of conquest included an unlim-
ited right to seize and dispose of the persons and
property of all the people subjugated by its arms—
Hear the earliest Jewish historian :
" And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly de-
stroyed the men and the women, and the little ones, of every
city, we left none to remain."
" Only thf cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves, and
despoiled the ciues, which we took."
In the progress of time, however, better senti-
ments prevailed, and humanity endeavored to-check,
if not the progress of conquering armies, at least the
evils that followed in their train, by.laying down
rules for assuaging: the calamities of war. These
conventional rules", established by the general con-
currence of civilized nations, now constitute that
part of the law of nations applicable to this sub-
ject. To be sure, they are liable to be violated,
and when not violated, to be narrowed in their
operations by controlling circumstances; but their
general obligation no one of the present family of
nations calls in question.
I repeat, what may our army do in a hostile coun-
try ? It may do anything proper to promote the
objects it has in view, which is not prohibited by
its own Government, or by the laws of nations. It
goes forth to battle and to conquest. Its effort is
to subdue the enemy by all the aggressive means
it can exercise. To injure him, when, how, and
where it can, subject only to the limitation I have
laid down, in order to compel him to accept the
terms of peace prescribed by its Government.
But in the practical exertion of these powers we
are'met, in limine, by a suggestion of the honora-
ble Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
that it is the conqueror to whom they belong, and
that this conqueror is the sovereign, and the sov-
ereign in the United States is the people, who alone
can exercise these high attributes, or at any rate
some of them. It may be remarked, however, that
they do not belong to the conqueror, as such, but
to the enemy; whether,an invading army is ad-
vancing or retreating, victorious or defeated, its
rights are still the same, and belong to it as long
as the last band composing it remains in arms upon
hostile territory. But let that pass. x The Senator
also says, that the people in this country are the
sovereign. I shall take no issue with him upon
that proposition; 1'confced.e it in "the fullest extent.
It is one of the first lessons tre Iearh' after'lekving
the cradle; it is as broad in its operation as this
broad land, and the sentiment itself is probetbly
one of the last we abandon in life. But, sir, what
then? The Senator will not require the soVereign
people of the United States to exercise all,their'
right, either of peace or war, in person. This is
done, and must be done, by their agents, civil and
military, who are responsible to them and con-
trolled by the laws they choose to establish. And
if our sovereign may not exercise all the just pow-
ers of war by our military officers, whicn a Euro-
pean sovereign may exercise, in person or by
proxy, it follows that countries with monarchical
forms of government have important rights of in-
dependence, which do not belong to us. I dissent,
toto ccclo, from any such doctrine, and from any
principles necessarily leading to it. We stand on
the broad platform of national equality, and will
not yield the smallest particle of our rights to for-
eign pretensions, royal or imperial.
Well, sir, our army commences its operations.
It may overrun the whole hostile country, doing
all those deeds of distress and death which it must
do, to a great extent, to accomplish the objects of
its destination. Whence does it derive the right
to do all this, let me ask the Stnator from South
Carolina? Not from the Constitution and the
laws, except from the general powers I have quoted
relating to war; for there is not a'single specific
grant in our whole code, looking even to such a
state of things. Let him, or any one else, put his
finger upon that clause of our statute book, which
authorizes an American soldier to kill a Mexican,
to burn a house, or to seize and hold a city, or to
do the thousand and one acts of violence, which go
to make up the condition of war. Well, then,
even without specific powers from our sovereign,
our army may do these deeds, simply because a
war exists, and they are its proper incidents. No
other grant is necessary. Our sovereign says to
our armed citizens, I am at war; go forth and
maintain the honor and interest of your country.
Now, having shown what an army does and may
do, I may call upon the honorable Senator to show
what it may not do, within the limitations I have
laid down, He will acknowledge it may kill a
Mexican, not because it is expressly authorized to
do so by law, but because that act is proper in its
operations, and is allowed by the general laws of
warfare. The right to levy supplies, whether of
money, of provisions, of forage, of clothing, of the
means of transportation, and of other objects not
neccssary to be enumerated, belongs to the state
of war. No one will deny that fact. It accom-
nicd the first and the last army that ever entered
the battle-field, and will accompany every one, that
may hereafter follow in the same career. In Eu-
rope it has been common, in later years to subsist
and support armies in the enemy's country, and
there have been cases, and, I believe, not a few of
them, where they have sent home to the national
treasury large sums collected during their progress.
The Allies, on the downfall of Napoleon, levied
upon France a contribution of 1,500,000,000 *of
francs. Whenever a European army enters an
enemy's country, it calls upon the municipal au-
thorities of each city and town tb contribute such
supplies in kind and such amount of money, as it
chooses to demand, under the penalty of military
execution. That threat, I believe, has never yet
failed. No one calls in question the right of our
troops to take supplies in kind as an incident to
war. Let those who maintain the distinction,
either in principle or practice, between supplies in
kind and in cash, show it, and show where is the
power to demand the one and not the other.
Why, sir, the error of the Senator from South
Carolina I conceive to be this: He seems to think,
that an express grant of power from the sovereign
of the country is necessary to the exercise of some
of the rights of war. If to some, they are to a ,
for the most acute mind can draw no line between
them—I mean between those usually
legitimate warfare. As to the power of •
eign to restrain the use of these meansy ^
on war, or to prohibit them ?n,1!e ?' .  
no doubt. Congress, the legislature . ,
sovereign, may at any time establis countries
for the conduct of our armies m
and raav restrict their powers within the narrow
est limits. The question, however is not
Congress may do, but what it ha  done. It has
