1848.
TfifE * CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
491
eir, is there, or can there be, for the conduct of na-
tions, than the rule of the strongest, where all pa-
cific means of procuring justice na\e been tried and
found wanting? They have no common umpire,
and when they commit their cause to the battle-
field, they do so-with a full knowledge of the con-
sequences. Security and indemnity, if victorious—
cessions and concessions if vanquished; and all
this, harsh as it may appear, has much good sense
in its favor, as, indeed, has almost every general
rule, which the experience of the world hasadopt-
. ed. Man is naturally as pugnacious as his coten-
ants of the earth, whether walking on two legs or
Oft four. He is kept in restraint by the institutions
of society? and by the salutary operations of law.
But nations are independent; they acknowledge no
superior; and much that restrains them—not all,
indeed, for the opinion of the world is something,
and moral principal something more,—but the
greatest restraint, which keeps them from perpet-
ual collisions is, the certain injury and the uncertain
issue of war. The race is not always to the swift,
nor the battle to the strong. So says the book of
inspiration. Numbers do not ensure victory, nor
power always command success. So says the
book of human experience. And this uncertainty
is a salutary check upon the ever-active prompt-
ings of ambition. But divest war of its legiti-
mate consequences, 'which have belonged to it
from the earliest periods of history, establish the
principle, which this new kind of sickly magnanim-
ity seeks to lay down, that there is to be neither
/security nor indemnity, or that the conquered, and
hot the conquering power, is to be the judge of both,
and where are we? Where would be the peace of
the-world, or where the discharge of national obli-
gations, if there were no penalty for in justice, and
none of the motives to do right, which spring from
the fear of the consequences of doing wrong ?
An honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Baldwin,] informs us, that Mexico has no money
to indemnify us, and that she cannot cede any por-
tion of her territory for that object, because her
own constitution prohibits it. Well, sir, I suppose
she may then set the world at defiance, and become
the Ishmaelite of nations; with, however, a better
fate than Ishmael of old; for his hand was against
every man, and every man's hand against him,
■while Mexico might be the aggressor, without be-
ing exposed to any retribution. Sir, when a peo-
ple deprive themselves of the power to redress an
injury, they should be very careful not to commit
one. No nation can intrench itself behind its paper
barriers, arid say to the world, do what I may, I
am not responsible; for I have declared the inviola-
bility of my territory. An easy kind of shelter
this for aggression and injustice! and a new
principle to me, in the law of nations, this security,
not for, but against, indemnity. I do not know
where it is to be found, but it must he very new or
very old, antiquated or unacknowledged. No, sir,
there is no such principle, there can be no such
principle. Nations, like individuals, are responsi-
ble for their acts, and must pay the penalty of
their injustice. This matter lies within a narrow
compass. If a nation interdicts to its government
the authority to alienate any portion of its terri-
tory, it must take care, in its disputes with other
countries, that it has right or power, and especially
the latter, on its side. If conquered, its interna!
regulations will not protect it from the legitimate
consequences of defeat. If it will neither cede
nor pay, it must remain at the mercy of its ene-
my.
Mr. CLAYTON. In a foreign war with another
nation, should the demand be made by that nation,
that the only terms in which peacc would be se-
cured by us, would be the cession of the State of
Michigan, does the honorable gentleman believe,
that the Federal Government of this Union would
have the right to make the cession ?
Mr. CASS. I have not the slightestdifficulty in
answering the question of the honorable Senator.
There is no power in this Government to cede
• away one foot of the United States. But, sir, there
are considerations, which will ride over written
constitutions, and among these are the events of
"war. Now, I am not goir5g to enter into a discus-
sion with any man, respecting the course this coun-
try will adopt, should it be prostrated at the feet of
a conqueror. I am not going to suppose any such
- case. I believe it one of the last dangers that awaits
■us. But if, in the Providence of God, it should
come, I leave it to our children in the fiftieth or the
hundredth generation, to adjust it as they must, if
they cannot adjust it as they would.
Undoubtedly, sir, a conquering nation, in judging
for itself, judges under a great weight of responsi-
bility. It is the natural result of its position. That
now is our situation, and I trust that, in the meas-
ure we mete out to ourselves, we shall commit no
such crying injustice, as may provoke the censure
of the world, or draw upon us the retributions of
Providence.
I repeat, sir, that we must take the affairs of this
world as they are, and not as we would have them
to be; and I am afraid, that public wars will long
continue to be the tribunal for the adjustment (\f
public, disputes; probably until the advent of that
period, which we know will come, because He has
said it, who will make it come, but which seems
yet far remote, when the quarrels of nations as
well as of individuals will cease, and the contests
of life give way to universal benevolence.
But the honorable Senator from Delaware visits
with peculiar reprobation every proposition to ac-
quire indemnity from Mexico. He says : " I
* desire to say, for one, that I never have been,
'and I am not now, willing to acquire an acre
* of ground from Mexico, or any other nation
i under Heaven, by conquest or robbery." He
says, "that honesty is the best policy; and that
* an honorable reputation to a country is of more
* value than land or money." ** I hold,5' says the
c honorable Senator, ""that any attempt on our
* part, merely because we happen to possess supe-
4 rior strength, to compel a weaker nation to cede
' us all that we choose >o demand as indemnity,
* whilst we at the same time admit, that we ask for
' more than she owes us, is nothing else but rob-
' bery."
Mr. President, I hold to no such doctrine. The
world holds to no such doctrine; and never has,
and never will, till the governments of man shall
have fulfilled their task, or the nature of man
shall have entirely changed. Robbery, indeed!
It seems to me, sir, (I say it with all deference,)
it would be an utter perversion of terms to des-
ignate an acquisition by conquest for indemnity
as a robbery. An honorable Senator from Ver-
mont has designated it by other epithets. He
calls it piracy and plunder. If this war is just,
as I, for one, believe it to be, what .was our just
claim at its commencement is far from being a, suf-
ficient claim now. Our balance has greatly aug-
•mented. The most rigid casuist cannot deny, that
we are fairly entitled to a just compensation for the
losses and expenses, which we have encountered
from the obstinate injustice of the Mexican Gov-
ernment; and, as I have already shown, of the ex-
tent of this compensation, we must, of necessity,
be the judges. Robbery, indeed! Pirates and
plunderers, indeed! Why, all the acquisitions
since men were united in civil society, made by
one nation from another, in this new ethical nom-
enclature, become robberies. The Assyrian was
a robber, and so was the Egyptian and the Gre-
cian and the Roman in the ancient world; and in
the modern, robbers are as plenty as nations; for
England, and France, and Russia, and Prussia,
and Austria, and every people under Heaven, have
alternately lost and gained territorial acquistion by
war and conquest, and have thus exposed them-
selves to the harsh epithet, which the honorable
Senator from Delaware would apply to his own
country, if she claims the right to act agreeably to
the laws of nations. I am well aware, that ques-
tions of ethics are not to be decided by mathemat-
ical rules; nor is there any arithmetic of morals,
which can make one right out of twenty wrongs.
But the usage of nations makes the law of nations;
and the practice of all time shows, that conquest
'gives right as permanent and unquestionable as
rights derived from any conventional arrangements,
i public or private.
! But, sir, the honorable Senator from Delaware,
in further illustiation of his proposition, has re-
sorted to an analogy, which seems to me utterly to
fail him in its application to the subject before us.
Analogies are always rather dangeious weapons
in argumentative discussions ; and I have seldom
seen one which seems to me more so than the very
case presented to-prove that we are robbers. " If
* a man owes me a sum of money," says the hon-
* orable Senator from Delaware, " and I meet him
4 on the highway, and insist, with a pistol pointed
' to his breast, that he shall deliver to me a deed
' of his farm, at the estimate which I choose to put
'upon it, I think there could hot'he rriuch differ-.
* ence of opinion as to the nature of that transac-
' tion,and I should like to know how my friendfrpm
4 Maryland, who is an abfe lawyer, would defehd*
* the man guilty of such conduct. Would it be
* any palliation or excuse or justification of the'
4 conduct of an offender, in sudn a case, that some.
* money was due to him ? Could "there be found'
l. in Christendom a court and jury that would hesi-
* tate, as to the verdict in such a case? And-what,
* let me ask, as a friend near me [Mr. Webster]
'suggests, what would be the value of a deed ob-
* tamad under such circumstances?"
Is it possible, Mr. President,-that the two dis-
tinguished Senators from Delaware and Massachu-
setts, I might almost say, the first among the first
jurists in the land can believe that this Government
is to be driven from its position and its purposes,
and the American people from their determination
to be indemnified, by a false analogy like this? I
use the word false in its logical, not in its ethical
sense. Can it have escaped the penetration of those
learned gentlemen, that th^ case they suppose is
one, where both the parties are the subjects of
municipal law, which extends, equally, its protec-
tion and its penalties over all, who owe it alle-
giance? The robber is violating the law, and not
only can gam nothing by his crime, but exposes
himself to severe punishment. There is a common
umpire between these men, to which their disputes,
if they have any, must be referred, and which bus
power to enforce its own arbitraments. But the
contests of nations involve far different principles.
Their very equality makes each the judge of its own
rights, and the asserter of its own remedies. Do
the honorable gentlemen mean to push their anal-
ogy so far as to contend, that all tieaties made be*
tween stronger and weaker Powers are void, for
the very reason that victory has declared for the
one, and that the other must submit ? If this new
principle is to be interpolated into the law of na-
tions, what would become of half the treaties in
the world, and all the territorial changes they
have made and confirmed? The subject appears to
me so plain, as to defy illustration; and I leave it
with the simple remark, that we nave duties to
ourselves as well as to Mexico, and that if we do
to her as other nations have always done under
similar circumstances, we shall do all that the most
jealous advocate of his country's honor can de-
mand. '
Mr; President, we are furnished with two other
dissuasive reasons'against the acquisition of Mex-
ican territory One relates to the present and the
future, and the other to the past. The former, ad-
dressing itself to our fears, belongs to what may
be called the school of national apprehension; and
the latter, addressing itself to our sense of shame,
may be called the school of national humiliation.
I shall trouble the Senate with a few remarks upon
each.
We are warned of the dangerous consequences
of increasing our territorial extent. I heard all this
nearly half a century ago, when Louisiana was
acquired. The fears, now, cannot be stronger,
nor stronger expressed than they were then. They
were again spread before us when Florida was pur-
chased; and still again, when Texas was annex-
ed. We have lived them down, sir, and I suppose
there are few mert, within the limits of the republic,
who would now desire the excision of either of
those acquisitions, certainly not of the two former.
Let us judge the future by the past, the only safe
rule of judgment. Our Government has a won-
derful power of accommodating itself to the exten-
sion of the country. Its double formation, if I
may so speak, of external and internal sovereign-
ties, enables it to spread without weakness, and
to preserve its power of cohesion with its process
of enlargement. And the progress in the physical
sciences comes in aid of our own political pro-
gress. The means of communication are every
clay augmenting, and even now, we are practically
less remote from each other as a people, than we
were in 1789. _ 4 . iU
I lived upon the Ohio, Mr. President, at the
period of the acquisition of Louisiana, and watch-
ed, as did the whole western population, the pro-
o-ress of that great measure. Recollecting the ob-
lections made to it, as well ,n Congress, as m the
country, and hearing those, which had been urged
here to the proposed acquisition, I was struck with
their similarity, I rtiiglit almost say their identity,
arid turned to the debates of that period to fortify
