494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
In the fourth place, the honorable Senator must
know, that by no other mode could the annexa-
tion of Texas have been consummated, as there
was no probability, I may almost add possibility,
that any treaty for that purpose would be ratified
by the Senate. A constitutional majority of two-
thirds could not have been obtained. The law
itself passed this body, but by a, bare majority of
one.- It was annexation under the law, and with-
out the concurrence of the treaty^making power of
the Senate, or it was not annexation at all. .
Mf. President, a few remarks upon another top-
ic, and I will cease to trespass upon the indulgence
of the Senate.
It has been said in England, and in the United
States, and perhaps in Mexico, though not so bit-
terly, I think, that our armies in that country
have committed terrible cruelties, unworthy of us,
awd of the age, and which should call upon us the
condemnation of the world. And the great Jour-
nal of England, the proclaiiner of English modera-'
tion and phi anthropy, has said that—
"The cruelties perpetrated by Hernando Cortez, on his
fiist expedition to Mexico, have beensurpassed ill barbarity
arid hearties<=uess, by the heroic commanders of the model
Kepuhhc. If despotism can be symbolized by a knout,
American republicanism may be represented by a gallows,
and from the same spirit of historic heraldry, which would
indicate French republicanism by a guillotine."
I wish I could give the date of this article, for I
should like to fix its exact chronology; but I can-
not, as I cut it out of one of the American papers,
and have since lost the reference.
Mr. President, I listened with equal pleasure
and interest, a few days since, to the remarks of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix]—to his
statesmanlike views, expressed with equal clear-
ness of thought and felicity of language. But
there was nothing, which better became his posi-
tion, or ours, than his exposition of the principles
of the British Government, when contrasted with
its professions—its eternal process of aggrandize-
ment, and its eternal claim to moderation. And I
was the more struck with his illustration of the
subject, because it corresponded with some obser-
vations I had the honor to submit to the Senate,
respecting it, at the last session of Congress. 1 was
then met by the Roman war-cry—fiom the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster]—Delenda est Carthago! as though the mere
reference to historical facts announced a spirit of
vengeance unbecoming us and our country. Mr.
President, there is nothing to be gained by soft
words on such occasions as these. They may
turn away private wrath, but they never yet turned
away public envy and jealousy. Let us look our
accusers and their accusations full in the face.
"I thank God,1' said the Pharisee of old, " that
I am not as other men are." We thank God,
says the public opinion of England, that we are
not like other nations, and least of all like that
great grasping mobocracy of the western hemi-
sphere, which is seizingand annexing the territory
of its neighbors! And this is said with as much
fttern gravity as though the coast of England
bounded her possessions, and as though there weie
a rock, or islet, or island, or continent, she did not
covet, and, coveting, did not seek, and, seeking,
did not strive to obtain with a strong hand, if she
thought her hands strong enough to obtain it. In
the whole history of national reproofs, and na-
tional professions, there is nothing like this—that
England should cast the first stone against other
nations for a spirit of conquest and aggrandize-
ment !
That great paper, the " Times "—great in its
circulation and in its influence—is the existing ex-
ponent of English sentiment. It does not make,
but ministers to, public opinion; it does notguide,
but indicates it. It caters for the national appetite;
but us dishes are prepared for the public taste, and
not the taste for the dishes. Every calumny upon
us, every slur upon our morals and sneer at our
manneis, finds open ears to admit it, and willing
hearts to receive it. For.myself, sir, I am tired of
all this; and I think Mr. Walsh, some years ago,
rendered an acceptable service to the cause of truth
and of his country, by the publication of his work
upon this very subject; and I wish some patriotic
American would bring it down to the present day,
and exhibit in all its glaring contrast the difference
between English practice and English professions.
1 am tired ,,lso of the eternal cant about the Anglo-
Saxon race, as though that were the only stock
from which virtue and intelligence couid spring—
as though our own population were homogeneous,
and descended from the .English family alone;
while we know it has levied contributions upon
all thev nations of the earth—upon France, and
Holland, and.Spain, and Germany, and Sweden,
and Norway, to a large amount, and upon Ireland
—oppressed and down-trodden Ireland—to a much
larger; and all those contributions soon became
.fused together, losing their peculiar traits, and
forming the American people, with a character of
their own, and I think with pride enough to assert
their identity, and to treat the Anglo-Saxon race,
as they treat all other races, in questions of na-
tional comity, as friends or enemies, dependingon
the prevalent sentiments with which they them-
selves are legaided.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) And Africa too ?
Mr. CASS. Let us go on with our own race.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, said the
Jewish lawgiver. The rule is a harsh one, and I
would not adopt it, even in repelling national cal-
umnies. But with England I would do better. I
would let her own history condemn her, when she
asserts her superiority over the other nations of
the earth.
In the year 1756, a war broke out between the
English and the Nabob of Bengal. The English
general, Clive, entered into a secret correspondence
with the commander of the Nabob's forces. A
rich Indian banker, named Omichund, was a prin-
cipal agent m the arrangement of this affair, and
he was to receive a large sum of money for his
services. In conformity with the stipulations, the
commander abandoned his master upon the field
of battle, and was elevated by the English to the
vacant throne. Omichund demanded more than
Clive was willing to grant; but fearing that he
might betray the secret, the English general deter-
mined to deceive him. And he did so. I quote
from an English historian:
" Omichund's interests were to be protected by a special
clause in the treaty. Two treaties were drawn up: one,
written on white paper, contained no reference to Omi-
chund; another, written upon red paper, contmued all the
stipulations of the white tieaty, and, in addition, an aitiele
in favor of Omichund, to deceive whom was tile only pur-
pose lor winch it existed. But a new difficulty occuired.
The select committee had no hesitation in signing both the
treaties; but Admiral Watson refused his assent to the mock
document, and the absence of his name, it was foreseen,
would e.u'ite the suspicion ot so wary a man as Omichund.
Here, again, Clive had an expedient ready. It was to attach
the Admnul'- name by another hand, (oi in other « ords. to
forire it.) The two ticaties were according!; rendered com-
plete, and the red one answered its purpose. Omichund
kept tiie Jsecret of the conspirators, £oorag-oo-Dowlah was
dethroned, and Meer-Jalfier elevated to his place."
" The sequel of the tale is melancholy. * * * * That
document wa« produced in white. Omichund became am-
tated, and said, 'This e.mnot he the treaty ; it was a red
treaty I saw.' Clu e cooily replied, ' Yes, but this is a white
one;5 and turning to Scrafton, who spoke the native lan-
guage moie perfectly than himself, he s>.ud, clt js now time
to undeceive Omichund.' The process of undeceiving the
miserable man was short and -imple. In compliance with
the sugs e>tion of Clive, Scrafton said: < Om\chu<id, the red
treaty is a trick*; you are to have nothing;' and he needed
not to say more. The senses of Omichund had fled ; he fell
back into a swoon, trom which he lecovered only to linger
out the lemuantofhis lite in a state ol idiocj.'1
This was, in fact, the foundation of the great em-
piie of England in Ilindostan. Many an English
moralist has visited this process of acquisition—
the only one, perhaps, of the kind in all history—
with that indignant reprobation, which costs noth-
ing but well-turned periods. From that time, the
English Government has been the sovereign of
Bengal. But where is the Englishman, moralist
or statesman, writer or politician, who has ever
proposed to surrender this territory, acquired by
forgery, or to redeem the national character from
the charge of participating in the crime, by reject-
ing the benefit it brought with it? So much for
coats of arms. I commend this incident to the
Herald's college. But to return to the charges of j
cruelty which have been made against our army
in Mexico. No one believes them, or has repeated
them. We are all equally free from that j-eproach.
But there have been many allusions, exaggerated
ones, it appears to me, to the terrible calamities,
which our war has inflicted upon the Mexican
people, and which elsewhere might be quoted as
corroborative proof of the alleged misconduct of
our soldiers. I would not stop to quarrel with
mere figures of rhetoric, nor would 1 apply any
severe canons of criticism to extejnpoianeous de-
bates like ours, where much is said m the heat of
discussion, that our cooler judgment does not ap-
prove, and said, too, in stronger language, than we
design to use.
In illustration of these remarks, I will read a
short extract from a speech of an honorable Sena-
tor upon this floor, who, in all the qualities of head,
and heart, that give worth and eminence in public
or in private life, is inferior to none of his asso-
ciates :
" We hear of an intention to strike outraged Mexico in
yet more vital points—we do not arrest it. We suffer the
expedition to go on. Before the Mexican blood is yet dry
upon the fields of Palo Alto, Resacade ia Palma, Monterey,
and Buena Vista, Vera Cruz is bombarded. Her churche*
fall under the dreadful aim of the mortar—the blood of her
women and children runs in streams through her before
pe&ecful and happy streets—her almost even,' thoroughfare
is obstructed by the mangled bodies of her slaughtered citi-
zens, until at last, her valor can hold out no longer before
the rmghtv and crushing power of our arms. She surrenders.
Yet still our vengeance is not glutted. Innocent, unoffend-
ing, outraged Mexico has yet moie cities to be laid wa^te or
conquered—more heaits to be wiunj?—more gallant blood to
be shed—more women and children to be slaughtered—more
agony in every fouri to suffer. We have not \ et had our fill
of blood. We march on in fiendish progress At Cerro
Gordo,Churuhusco, Chapultepec, Mohnodel Rey,ourmareh
of slaughter is renewed, and goes on with yet more fearful
violence. Mexican blood watt rs every plain. The cries of
Mexican anony startle every ear, and still the work goes on.
We. lay siege to the city of Mexico itself— hombaid its peace-
ful dwellings—make her streets to run with human blood,
and slaughter ngun women and children, until resistance
becomes unavailing. We get possession of the capital, and
yet carry on the contest. Sir, can our country have done
such deeds ? Is «he so deeply steeped in crime? Has she
no honor left? Are we Christian and civilized men, or are
we robbers and murdorcis ? I hope she will pardon me the
inquiiy; and yet if the war was unjust, if it was not pro-
voked, if it was our act, and not the act of Mexico, every
human heart, animated by a single human feeling,^can but
answer in the affirmative.
"But no, «=ir; no, sn,jt i« not so. She is^high-ir.inded,
just, and honoiable. She i> civilized, riot savage. Her citi-
zen* are moral and Christian. Those scenes are in the eye
of God and man to be justified, because necessary to our
honor, and forced upon us in vindication ol" our violated
rights. Mexico is answerable for all the.se. sad and sicken-
ing results. The war is ju.;t because she commenced it. Tt
dors exist by hei act, and,so help me God, hut for that con-
viction, as I reverence truth and detest falsehood, I would
never have voted for the act of the loth May, 1846.
" These scenes," says the honorable Senator,
"are in the eyes of God and man to be justified,
because necessary to our honor, and forced upon
; us in vindication of our violated rights."
i Mr. President, we have a far better justification
than belligerent necessity for our conduct in Mex-
ico, and that is, that these scenes as described, did
not and could not occur there. The colors are too
dark, and the picture not true to nature. And no
one sooner than the Senator himself, will be re-
joiced at an opportunity of.correcting any misap-
prehension, to which the strength of his language
may have exposed his meaning.
Now, sir, I put it to the honorable Senator and
to the Senate, whether such vivid descriptions as
these are not calculated to do us injury in the eyes
of the world ? Whether they will not be transfer-
red to the. other hemisphere,and swell the catalogue
of calumnies, which intolerance, both political and
social, is pouring out against our country? I have
made a good deal of inquiry upon the subject, and
I am perfectly satisfied, that the"evils which the
, progress of our arms has inflicted upon Mexico
are far less than ever before attended the opera-
tions of a hostile ai my. It would be folly to deny,
that war brings calamities enough, under the most
favorable circumstances, where even the discipline
of an invading army is the sternest, the disposition
of the commander and of the officers the best, and
the measures to repress unnecessary violence the
promptest and the most efficient. Bull religiously
believe that the injuries we have committed in Mex-
ico (and I have taken some trouble to ascertain the
truth) have been less, far loss, than ever followed
in the tram of any army that ever went forth to
foreign war. I have run my eye over se\ eral pages
of history, (cursorily, indeed, but carefully enough
for my purpose,) to ascertain what has been the
conduct of other nations in similar circumstances,
and how far they have carried their forbearance,
either in the exciting operations of a campaign, or
after victory had crowned their exertions. I have
not omitted, in this search, a glance at the military
history of England, whence^the first stone is al-
ways thrown at us, and who, guiltless herself of
ambition and oppression, is the self-constituted
judge, I was about to say, but i correct myself by
saying, tho condemnerof this country, past, pres-
ent, and to come.
And now what says the record of human wars ?
I have collected, Mr. President, fiom the records
of history, several instances of the extreme cruel-
ties and sufferings, which have attended warfare,
from the period described by the Jewish historian,
