mm
TOR CONGRESSIONAL GLOMk
495
e
when " they took all his cities at that time, and
Utterly destroyed the men, and the women, and
the little ones—of every city they left none to re-
main"—-down to the last continental war,,which
ravaged Europe. I .shall content myself with a
brief reference fo some of them.
£.puis the XIV. laid waste the Palatinate; and
gpen, women, and children were driven in a severe
season out of their habitations, to wander abo.ut the
fields and to perish of hunger and cold, while they
Beheld their houses reduced to ashes, their goods
seized, an3 their possessions pillaged by the rapa-
cious soldiery.
' At the siege of Prague, by the philosophic
Frederick, twelve thousand famished, houseless
wretches were driven out by the Austrians, but
were compelled by the Prussians to return, in order
that an increasing famine might force their enemies
to a more speedy surrender. More than one hun-
dred thousand bombs and red-hotshot were thrown
into the city, and upwards of nine hundred houses
reduced to ashes.
In the invasion of Prussia by the Russians, in >
1765, they hung innocent inhabitants from the
trees, tore out their hearts and their intestines, rip-
ed open their bodies, cut off their noses and ears,
roke their legs, fired villages and hamlets, formed
a circle around the burning houses, and drove back
their fleeing inmates into the flames.
An officer serving in the French army, in 1757,
says, u the country is plundered and laid waste for
thirty leagues around us, as if fire from heaven had
fallen upon it. Our soldiers plundered, murdered,
and committed all sorts of abominations."
The history of tire English sieges in Spain and
Portugal, contain terrible narratives of human suf-
fering. I will merely quote the remarks of Colonel
Napier, the historian of Wellington's campaigns,
upon the capture of San Sebastian. " This storm,"
says he, " seemed to be the signal of iiell for the
1 perpetration of villany, which would have shamed
* the most ferocious barbarians of antiquity. At
* Ciudad Rodrigo, intoxication and plunder had
'been the piincipal object; at Badajos, lust and
* murder werejoined to rapine and drunkenness; but
Vat' San Sebastian, the direst, the most revolting
* cruelty was added to the catalogue of crimes.
1 One atrocity, of which a girl of seventeen was the
* victim, staggers the mind by us enormous, in-
* credible, indescribable barbarity."
So much for an English siege. Let another
passage describe the progress of an English arm£.
** On this occasion," says Colonel Napier, that is,
on the first day's march of the English army from
Madrid, "there was no want of provisions, no
* hardships to exasperate the men, and yet 1, the
1 author of this history, counted on the nist day's
i march from Madrid seventeen bodies of murdered
•peasants."
Such is war in the Old World. God forbid that
horrors like these should accompany its progress
in the New! JSTo man who has the slightest knowl-
edge of the American character car* believe that such
atrocities have ever been committed by our troops.
"Where are the burning cities behind us? The
desert country before us, abandoned at our ap-
proach? The devastation and oppression around
us, marking at the same time our power and our
cruelty? We can say it in a spirit of truth and not
of national vanity, that such scenes have no place
where our armies march. Though my convictions
on this subject are as strong as convictions can well
be, yet i have not hesitated to fortify them with all
the information I could procure here. I have in-
quired of many gallant officers, who have visited
lis what has been the conduct of our troops in
Mexico, arid I have received but one answer, and
that expressed in the strongest terms, that no men
could have behaved better under the circumstances
in which thev were placed. Such is the testimony
of General Ciuitman, of General Shields, of Gen.
Pierce, of Col. Harney, Col. Garland, Col. Mor-
gan, Col. Moore, and others. I name these names,
because they are known to the whole country, and
those,who bear them, have also bornedistinguished
parts in our operations in Mexico, and have been
in the best situation to ascertain the truth. They
have authorized me thus publicly to appeal to their
testimony*and I believe I understood from all of
them, that they were not aware of an instance of
private assassination by an American soldier in
Mexico. Offences against persons are almost un-
known, and the Mexicans themselves find and
acknowledge this foreign armed government bet-
ter and more equ^ than their own, which it has
replaced. (Jeneral Pierce informed me he did not
believe, that in the march fromVeraCruzto Puebla,
damages to the amount of five dollars were com-
mitted and left unpaid by his column of twenty-
five hundred men. General Gtuitman was the
military governor of Mexico, and well acquainted,
therefore, with its internal police, and he says our
soldiery is as regular there as in one of our own
cities. General Shields, in a note to me on this
subject, says:
" In reply to your inquiries, touching the general conduct
of our troops in Mexico, I can brn.fly &>tate, that in my opin-
ion, our aimy has been more distinguished tor magnanimity
and humanity, than even for bravery. In Mexico this has
been freely acknowledged on ail occasions, both by foreign
residents and natives. No other army, u is admitted, ever
behaved so well undei similar circumstances."
Colonel Garland says: '
i( It is scarcely possible that the army which marched from
V'jra Cruz and entered the city of Mexico in triumph could
have been guilty of any outrage upon unoffending people,
without its comma: to my knowledge. Everything taken on
the inarch and in the various town's occupied by our troops,
was. uniformly paid for by ordot. Many of the mos-t respect-
able inhabitant*, have remarked to me, that they felt gi eater
seruuty, both for their persons and pioperty, whilst then
towns were occupied by Atm*ri< an troops, than they had
formerly enjoyed for a quaiter of a century."
Colonel Morgan in a note also says:
"The conduct of our troops in the field having become a
subject of misrepresentation, I respectfully place at your dis-
posal a few facts, which fully refute the charges of the ene-
mies of our country, whether made at home or abroad :
" Our people have greater cause to bo proud of the mag-
nanimity of the Amcucan commandcis and their troops
after victory, than of their valor during the battle. It is an
every diy scene in the field to nee an American soldier, in
the lif ai of Initio, kneel down beside his wounded enemy
and give him water troiu his canteen, and share the last
morsel of ins biscuit with his prostiate toe.
il In European warfare the history of the storming of a city
i* at the same time a history ol it-, pillage. VVli.it are the
facts in repaid m the conning of Mexico? Although the
enemy had infamously violated'the arnu ticeofChurubu^eo;
and atterw.y ds, on the bloody fii'ld of Mohno, they mangled
and murdered oin wounded officers and soldiers when too
feeble to deiend them-elve-'; notwithstanding all this, our
soldiery resented the bailvuity of thei) enemy by protecting
their property ftom the pillage of their own leperos.
<{ Innumerable instances might be given of the forbearance
of our troops, but 1 will give but one or two.
 {A company of the 6ih infantry, in cutting its way through
a house, entered a room containing an open box of gold
com. The American soldiers occupied the room, passed
through it, and not a dollar was touched. On the same
night a party of our troops discovered a box of gold address-
ed to a Mexican; they immediately reported the fact to their
officer, and he placed the box in chargcof a foreign minister
to be delivered to the owner. This conduct excited the as-
tonishment of the Mexican, and in a public caid he express-
ed his admiration of the forbearance of the Amencan troops.
" Our aimy lias ever esteemed generosity as a nobler virtue
than courage; and if it boasts at all, it U of its humanity, not
Us prowess."
These are bright testimonials. Honors thus
won and worn by our gallant citizens are dearer
to their countrymen> than the glorious exertions of
the battle-iieiil, or the victories that have crowned
them.
Incidents, like these described by Colonel Mor-
gan, have been related to me by other officers, and
they better illustrate the present topic, than any
panegyric, however warm, or any description,
however graphic. A Mexican horseman rides
over the battle-field, thrusting his lance through the
helpless wounded, gleaning, with savage ferocity,
in trie harvest, where the Great Reaper himself had
passed and spared; while the American soldier, in
the same scene of carnage, stoops down, and raising
his prostrate foe, pours the contents of his canteen
into his parched hps, and recalls his fainting spirit
to bless the generous enemy. This picture is at
the same tune a bright and a dark one, but it
marks, both now and forever, the characteristics
of the two armies, and I commend it to all who
doubt the humanity of the American soldier, or
the cruelty of the Mexican.
Mr. WEBSTER. I entertain no intention to
discuss the general topics introduced in the speech
of the honorable gentleman. On one point only 1
wish to say a few words, and that is with regard
to the remarks which he made upon the speech of
the honorable member from South Carolina, and
some observations of my own, upon this assumed
authority by the Executive of the United States
to levy and collect taxes in Mexico. Now, sir,
when gentlemen of experience and character debate
these grave questions, the first thing is to ascertain
what these questions are, and to present them
truly, according to their character, for discussion.
The. honorable member from Michigan supposes
that this levying of taxes and imposts in the ter-
ritories of Mexico* by the authanH^ of: the Pres-
ident of the United States, is. an act-of war., It is
no such thing. f-
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) It is a, right ofwar,
Mr. WEBSTEfi. It is no, such .thing. It is
neither an act nor a right of war, according,to th,e
law of nations. He calls it a contribution,. It is,
no contribution. It is a legislative act; and, when
the honorable member quoted those,-portions of the
-United States Constitution which he thought Ap-
plicable to the case, he might without impropriety,
have quoted another passage, which says that all
legislative power is vested in the Senate and House"
of Representatives.
Now, it exactly comes to this: is the establish-
ment of a code of customs in Mexico an act of war,
or derived from war, or an act of legislation? Why,
clearly, it is the latter. I want td know how the
President of the United States can overturn the
revenue law of Mexico, and establish a new one
in its stead, any more than he can overturn the
law of the descent of property, the law of inherit-
ance, the criminal code, or any other, portion of
Mexican law? A contribution levied upon Mex-
ico! It is no such thing. What is it? It is a code
of customary duties, framed here in the Treasury
Department, and sent to Mexico, to be exercised
upon whom and upon whose property ? Upon the
Mexicans? Why, no, sir. Yeiy little of it upon
Mexicans, because it is a law of imposts. It i3 a
law upon those who import goods and merchand-
ise into Mexico—upon all the neutrals of the
world—upon all non-combatants; and not only
that, but it is a law levyinga duty of imposts upon
goods and merchandise carried thither by citizens
of the United States; and that the honorable gen-
tleman calls a "contribution."
Mr. CASS. I do.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, then, I think he calls
things by names which have no more relation to
them than black has to white. It is not a contri-
bution at all.
Mr. FOOTE. I would ask the honorable gen-
tleman whether he conceives it. to be the duty of
the Government of the United States to protect the
revenue offisers of Mexico in the collection of du-
ties; or should their proceedings have been super-
seded by proceedings of a similar kind on the part
of the United States? What would he have done
in the case?
Mr. WEBSTER. Just exactly what Congress,
in its discretion, should think fit to do. What I
say is, that it is an exercise of legislative power,
and no exercise of military power. If there is any
analogy between that and the case mentioned by
the honorable gentleman, of the marshals of the
French army levying contributions as they march-
ed from city to city,flagrante hello, at the head of
their forces, I do not understand the logic—I do
not understand that tiain of legal mind which can
perceive analogies in cases which, as it appears
to me, arc entirely dissimilar. When an army
marches through an enemy's country, it is sup-
posed to have the right of supporting itself by the
strong hand; it has the absolute right of war,
whether it choose to exercise it or not, to make pil-
lage—to seize private property. And what is con-
tribution ? Why, it is a substitute for the law of
pillage, the practice of plunder. When an army
approaches a city, the commander of that army
asks so much support—so many thousand crowns
—such and such provisions; he says he will take
them by the strong hand, unless the authorities
compound by giving so much money, in consider-
ation of which he will forbear the exercise of that
military right.
Let me ask the honorable gentleman another
question. A part of this system, sanctioned by
the President, was, that the moneys collected by
these levies, should be paid over to the military
and naval officers. Could they not just as well,
have been ordered to be brought here and put into
our treasury ? Docs it make a particle, of differ-
ence, and is it not a system of revenue established
under Executive authority in Mexico; and will
any man call that military contribution ? Let it be
shown by any authentic work on national law
by any decided case—by any courseof reasoning or
argument, that the, levying of a permantntj>ysitern
of revenue, in a conquered territory, is exactly the
same thing as a temporary or occasional militaiy
contribution of a mkrehing army and then th,e
charge brought again*' ^ Administration cannot
be maintained., . „ - , .
