496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise to make a very few-
remarks. When I addressed the Senate yester-
day, in reply to the question, What shall we do if
the treaty is not ratified, I answered—take posses-
sion of the country which is ceded to us by that
instrument, occupy it, and defend it. The worthy
Senator from Michigan says, he is at a loss to un-
derstand what I mean by that. Well, there is not
much difference between us. I am at a loss to
understand why he cannot understand it. It ap-
pears to me to be one of the plainest propositions
jn the world. He has hunted up a thousand ima-
ginary difficulties that never did exist, and never
can exist, in order to make good his case. Does
he wish to know how my plan can be carried out?
I point to the case of-Texas. Tne whole of the
eastern frontier, according to the line ceded to us
by the treaty, was the boundary which Texas
claimed as against Mexico. Now, does not every
man know, that for seven long years Texas held
possession of that frontier to the Nueces, without
a single invasion on the part of Mexico, and that,
at a time when Texas had not more than three or
four companies of regulars altogether? Now, sir,
if Texas could hold that line then, is there any
difficulty with Texas in doing it now as far as the
Rio Grande, when she has doubled her population,
and is backed by the whole of the United States?
And yet the worthy Senator from Michigan cannot
understand it! It is impossible that he can under-
stand it! Again, as to California, he is, if possible,
more at a loss with regard to that. His first great
difficulty is as to our occupying the Gulf of Califor-
nia. If the Senator will remember, the line that I
proposed passed through the whole extent of the
Gulf of California, and if he will look at the map
he will find it is a very broad expanse of water.
He will find that it covers a very large portion of
California—all the settled and inhabited portion of
California. If he will look at the statistics of Mex-
ico, he will find that she has not a single armed ves-
sel. Now, what I asserted was, that a few armed
vessels—one or two steamers among them—occu-
pying that expanse of water would be sufficient to
secure us against all attacks of Mexico on that
portion of the line; and yet the Senator could
not understand it! It is, as I understand, with
liim, a sort of metaphysical idea! Now, as to the
residue of that line. The whole length of it is
about four or five hundred miles from the head of
the Gulf to the Paso del Norte. That is all that
remains to be defended. Well, the whole of the
country covered by that line is inhabited by Indian
tribes, so powerful that there is no fear of Mexico
invading it. They invade Mexico! They are too
powerful for her; and it will not require a single
soldier to be stationed on its whole extent to protect
us against Mexico. There may be some protection
necessary against^ the Indians. Indeed California
is so remote from Mexico, and the difficulty of ap-
proach so great, that the mere handful of people m
California have been enabled in fact to have almost
an independent government there. I venture to say
that not asingle regiment will be needed there—that
the Americans now there, together with the natives
who are well affected towards us and desirous of
seeing our authority established, will be quite ade-
quate to defend it against Mexico forever, with the
aid of a few vessels in the Gulf of California.
Now, I venture to present, what no doubt will
appear to the Senator a very bold proposition: the
cost would be vastly less to fall back and occupy
the country without the treaty, than to occupy it
under the treaty. I beg the especial attention of
the Senator. Under the treaty—I may speak of
what every one knows perfectly well—a large mass
of Indians is thrown on our side of thfe line, and.
from the necessity of the case, we shall be com-
pelled to defend Mexico against these Indians; or,
if we should not, and Mexico should have force
enough, she will have the right to pass over and
attack these Indians within our line, to which we
could not submit. For that purpose, then, we will
be obliged to establish a line of military posts along
the whole length of the Gila, from the Paso del
Norte to the head of the Gulf of California. But
it would require a larger and more expensive force
to occupy this long line of posts, so as to defend
Mexico against the Indians, than would be neces-
sary to occupy and defend the country against the
Mexicans themselves. The reason is obvious.
The Gulf of California, as 1 have stated, will cover,
with a few vessels, the whole of the settled part of
California; and the intervening Indian tribes be-
tween the head of the Gulf of California and the
Paso del Norte would effectually cover us from
the possibility of an attack on that part of the
line from the Mexicans. Nor would it be neces-
sary to have any considerable force to protect us
against the Indians, as their hostility to Mexico,
and their love of plunder, would direct their war-
fare exclusively against Mexico. Thus the long
line, of which the Senator spoke, of fifteen hundred
miles, could, to its whole extent, from the Pacific
Ocean to the Paso del Norte, be defended by a
small force, and at an inconsiderable expenditure,
if held without the treaty. The only remaining
part is that from the Paso to the Gulf of Mexico,
along the Rio del Norte; and we know from the
experience of Texas how little that will probably
cost. Now, if we add to this difference, in the
cost of defending the country without the treaty,
and of defending under the treaty, the large sum
of fifteen or twenty millions of dollars, which will
be saved if Mexico refuses to ratify the treaty, there
can be no doubt but we will be great gainers, in a
pecuniary point of view, if she should refuse to
ratify.
But I understand the drift of the Senator's re-
marks in this particular. He and I entertained di-
rectly opposite opinions as to what should be done,
in case the treaty should not be ratified. He is, in
that event, for a vigorous prosecution of the war,
and hence his vigorous attack upon the policy of
which, in that case, I am in favor, and exaggerated
statement of the expense and difficulty of main-
taining it. Indeed, there has been a standing con-
flict between the two lines of policy, almost from
the commencement of the war, and hence the re-
peated assaults of a similar character, which have
been repeatedly made on that which 1 have main-
tained, and with the same view, by those who sup-
port the policy maintained by the Senator. But I
have no fear—none in the world—that we shall
ever return toa " vigorous prosecution of the war."
That day is gone. You cannot vitalize the policy.
It is buried. The country would consider it the
greatest misfortune that could befall us, if we were i
to reopen and renew the Mexican war. The tide 1
of public opinion is running with irresistible force :
against it. I have no apprehension of it. But I j
do desire that m the mean time the public mind :
shall not be occupied with an idea which will pre- i
vent it fi-om falling readily into its natural posi- i
tion, if this tieaty should be ratified. If the treaty !
should not be ratified, it is plain that we must keep 'i
possession of the country, and defend it. jj
Every Senator can speak of his course and his
votes in the secret session. I voted for the treaty,
and I supported it. But did I do that because I
regarded it as preferable to the course which I in-
dicated at the commencement of this and last ses-
sion? No, sir, not at all. I did it for two reasons:
In the first place, I was anxious to terminate this
war on any reasonable ground, and was determined
to avail myself of the earliest opportunity of ter-
minating it; for I hold it to be pregnant of evil of !
the most dangerous character, if it continues. In \
the next place, it is the natural way of terminating
hostilities between nations; and manyof my friends j
whom I see around me will testify that I have de- !
clared, for the last three or four weeks, that I was j
in favor of allowing the Administration reasonable |
tune to make a treaty. But at the same time I was
not ignorant of the many advantages of a defensive
line. And again, I take this opportunity to say,
that, so far as my voice is concerned, I wish it now
to be established, as I hope it will be, by the ratifi-
cation of the treaty. I hope we never shall take by
an aggressive war one foot of territory by conquest.
We pay by the treaty the full value—more than
the full value—a hundred times more than the full
value, as far as Mexico is concerned; for it is
worse than useless to her, and the full value as far
as we are concerned, and I rejoice it is so. I wish
to square accounts liberally and justly with Mex-
ico, and we have done so, and hence my desire that
Mexico shall ratify this treaty, and receive this
money.
These are my views. As to the other remarks ,
which the Senator was pleased to make, with re- lj
gard to my speech of yesterday, I pass them by jj
without a comment, except as they relate to the ii
right of the President to establish a system of taxes ' ■
m Mexico. I listened to the Senator, as I always II
do, with attention, and I must say, if I could have '!
entertained a doubt as to the truth of the position ^
which I assumed yesterday, all doubt would be l|
dispelled. We know that the gentleman is deeply
versed in the principles of law, of great intelligence,
capable of investigating questions of this character.
I expected when he rose, that he would meet the
points which were presented; that hg would attempt
to show their fallacy, and exhibit the true principles
which ought to govern us in this case, if mine were
false. I was disappointed. As far as I understood
the Senator—and if I be in error, I hope he will
correct me—he assumes one broad position, which,
in my judgment—I say it with great deference—is
without a particle of truth to sustain it. He assumes
that the President, in consequence of the declara-
tion of war, has an unlimited power in Mexico.
Am I rio;ht?
Mr. CASS. Unlimited, exceptby the restrictions
imposed by the law of nations.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, then, the law of na-
tions does not prohibit an order of nobility. Can
he create nobles in Mexico ? Give me the answer.
Mr. CASS. Is that one of the incidents of the
war-making power ?
Mr. CALHOUN. I repeat it. Can he establish
an order of nobility?
Mr. CASS. I would not give much for the pat-
ents of nobilitv.
Mr. CALHOUN. .Can he establish an order of
nobles?
Mr. CASS. Without going into any detail, I
may state, that the commander-in-chief and bis
generals may do any act, in the prosecution of the
war i/i Mexico, which is not prohibited by the law
of nations. All I can do is to lay down general
principles. It cannot be expected that I should go
into details of all that may or may not be done.
Mr. CALHOUN. I did not intend this as an
irrelevant or impertinent question, and I must re-
gard the Senator's refusal to deny, as an admission,
on his part, that the President has the power.
Indeed it followed necessarily from the principle
laid down by him. It would indeed be an import-
ant power in the hands of the President to bring,
and subject, a conquered country under his arbi-
trary rule. The Senator acknowledges that the
power is a very dangerous one. It is indeed a
dangerous power, if it be as unlimited as he con-
. tends for. Can lie create a field-marshal in Me-xico?
j The Senator will not doubt that if the President
could raise an army there, he can create a field-
! marshal. I hold it to be the most monstrous
I proposition ever uttered within the Senate, that
conquering a country like Mexico, the President
can constitute himself a despotic ruler, without the
slightest limitation on his power. If all this be
true, war is indeed dangerous ! If that be the fact,
we ought never to engage in a war of conquest.
If that be the fact, there are double reasons for the
ratification of the treaty, and fleeing the country.
There is a tendency in all parties, when they
have been for a long time in possession of power,
to augment it. It has been the fortune of the
popular party in^this country to hold possession
of the Government for a great length of time, and
it is no more than human nature that the effect
of that long-continued tenure should be the crea-
tion of the fondness of power, that necessarily di-
minishing the love of liberty. This love of power
leads men to strike at those provisions of the Con-
stitution which restrict power. I believe that the
popular party in this country have resisted this
tendency for a great length of time to a considera-
ble extent; but it is impossible for any man who
reads the early history of that party not to be im-
pressed with the conviction that it has departed
from the principles which then characterized it.
The declaration of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs this evening, proves a great de-
parture beyond all controversy. I did riot believe
that there was a man in this country—certainly
not that there was one in the Senate—who would
declare that the President of the United States, as
commander-in-chief of the army in Mexico, has
no restrictions on his power but those imposed by
the law of nations.
Mr. CASS. After the Senator has concluded I
may say what I did declare.
Mr. CALHOUN. I will gladly hear the Sen-
ator now.
Mr. CASS. When the honorable Sehator from
South Carolina has finished 
Mr. CALHOUN. Then I shall finish now.
Mr. CASS. What I maintain is, that the com-
mander-in-chief and the generals under him have a
right to do any act of war justified by the law of
