THECONCtRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session
_ nations, and it belongs to every officer of the arm v.
from a general down to a corporal. ,1 went at
large into the question, in the remarks which I had
the honor to make to-day. The course taken in '
Mexico has been fully justified by the practice of
war hwi.11 ages Whether the contribution be in
cash or in kind, the principle is (he same. One
word as to the line which the honorable Senator
has laid down. I have presented the objections to
it which, to my judgment, are decisive, ind I need
not repeat them. No public opinion in the world
could permit such a thing as the establishment of
a line behind which an operating army must retire.
It you are at war with an enemy, you cannot stop
upon a given line. But Texas pursued the enemy;
and whenever you follow the enemy beyond the
line, the project is abandoned.
Mr. CALHOUN. But the Senator puts the
question, How can I justify the army in perform-
ing any act not authorized expressly by law? I take
the ground, that the army may do under the Presi-
dent, as commander-ill-chief, anything that prop-
erly belongs to him in that character. Now, the
extent is not defined; it is governed by the exigen-
cies of war. I believe I use the very terms employed
in the elementary works upon this subject: But
these acts must relate to war, and not to legislate
for a conquered country. Now, if you mean that
an army in operation can seize provisions of everv
description, means of transportation, arid so on, I
never denied it; but if you mean to say, that'after i
the country is conquered, the commander-in-chief I
may levy either taxes or contributions, I deny the
doctrine altogether.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Jhe Senator from
.Louisiana [Mr. Johnson] has expressed his con-
viction of the certainty of an immediate peace, and
on that he based his argument in presenting his
_ motion to recommit the bill, with instructions.
I have just received a letter from Mexico, which
_ certainly does not encourage me in the prospect of
peace. This letter states that the road from Vera
Cruz to Mexico is infested by guerilleros, and that
a party for Orizaba had been attacked by them, and
been compelled to return to Vera Cruz. Thouah
reported that the Mexicans had been dispersed, yet
the American party left their dead on the field, and
all their property fell into the hands of the gueril-
leros. Those reports which we have had of Santa
Jin mi asking his pos.vports, and leaving the conn-
fry, arc nil pretext. Instead of leaving the country,
H is said that he is now recruiting his forces, and'
looks to future operations. Perhaps he is raising
nothing more than an escort—but peace is not his
objeet. I beg to say to the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, that that party in Mexico to which
he alludes, as being neither unfriendly nor inimical
to us, is the party on which Santa Anna is fallm"
back for support in his hostile movements—the
Pa'ty of Ptitos, which invited him to return to
Mexico, as the enemy of monarchical government,
in order to overthrow Paredes.
I cannot, for myself, approve of any such polipy
as that spoken of by the Senator from Sotith Car-
olina, nor can I at all conceive why he should re-
gard the raising this additional force in the li<*htof
■mere braggadocio. We propose to raise it for the
moral effectwhich it may produce on Mexico. We
may with great propriety pass this bill in order to
give Mexico to understand that if she do not give
us peace willingly, we will coerce a peace. But
that gallant army which has performed so many
glorious deeds is rapidly wasting away. The yel- i
low fever has appeared^ m Vera Cruz, and our j
troops are dying in the interior of other diseases. 1
The volunteers are becoming daily more and more j
dissatisfied with the service; and, in my opinion, j
Jfoe spirit of the contract under which they entered j
the service justifies their discharge as soon asactive '
hostilities cease. They entered for the war, but !
they believed that on the cessation of active hostil-
ities they would be discharged. Already the ques-
tion is mooted whether, if there can be war without
a declaration of war, there may not be peace with-
out a treaty.
But the honorable kSenntor from South Carolina
not only directs his attention to the present meas-
32
lire, which he reprobates as mere braggadocio,
hut this goes back to an old subject—the removal
of the army to the banks of the Rio Grande. He
says:
"The whole affair is in our own h.mds. Whether tl>c
treaty fails or not, we still have the complete control, if we
act with wi?ciom and firmness, and avoid,'whatl detest above
all things, a system of menace or bravado, in the
mentofoar negotiation. T Imd hoped that that system had
htien abandoned fojever. It nearly involved u-- in a war
with England about Oregon. It was only prevented by the
wisdom arid firmness of this body. Jt was resorted to im onr
negotiations with Mexico, and the march of the army uridei
General Taylor to the Rio Grande, was but intended" to <-u *-
tun if. C'nfortunately, the circumstances prevented the
Senate fiom interposing a-? in the case of Oregon, and this
war was the consequence."
Now the President has clearly the ri ht to move
the army of the United States into any portion of
•its territory.
Mr.^ CALHOUN (in his seat.) Certainly not
into disputed territory.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator says that the Presi- ■
dent ha<? not the right to move the army into any
disputed territory. When we annexed Te^as,weleft i
this boundary question open for negotiation. The 1
Administration sought assiduously to settle the j
question by negotiation. "What, then, is the argu- '
ment of the Senator? When the opposite party i
refuse to settle the question by negotiation, affc we 1
to be estopped ? Are we to allow the enemy to j
wrest from us the dominion which we claim as ours !
of right ? If so, what is (his but a broad invitation I
to every Jand to dispute the boundary with us > j
But I would ask the honorable Senator, how comes j
it, that even before the annexation of Texas, the J
navy of the United States was ordered to the Gulf '
of Mexico for the protection of Texas > !
Mr. CALHOUN. The answer is obvious. The!
Gulf of Mexico is the common property of all na- 1
tions. It is not disputed. But though we had a
right to lay off Vera Cruz, we had not the rHit to
enter the harbor of Vera Cruz. °
Mr. DAVIS. Was it not the gentleman's own
order to make a naval demonstration against Vera
Cruz.
Mr. CALHOUN". X have no knowledge of such
an order. Will the Senator permit me to notice
another point? He indicated that the President
had a right to march the army into any disputed
territory. Ami right? *
Mr, DAVIS. I do not consider it disputed ter-
ritory.
1 Mr. CALHOUN", He says, he does not con-
sider disputed territory, in whet he differs from
the resolutions annexing Texas, for they expressly
admit the country to the east of the Del Norte,
to a certain extent, at least, to be disputed terri-
tory, by providing that the boundary between
Texas and Mexico, shall be settled by the Govern-
ment of the United States. Now, as Texas never
claimed any country beyond the Del Norte, it re-
sults necessarily, that the point to be settled was,
whether the boundary of Texas extended to that
river or not, admitting, of course, that country
lying east to some extent, was disputed territory.
Now, I ask, how is a question of disputed territory
to be settled? There can be but two modes. By
negotiation or war. As far as it relates to the former,
the President, with the Senate, represent exclu-
sively the United States; but when negotiation fails
to settle adisputed boundary, nothing is more clear,
that if if becomes necessary to resort to war to es- ;
tabhsh the boundary, in that case, the power passes i
out of the hands of the President into that of Con- i
gress, which, under the Constitution, exclusively |
possesses the war-making power, and that it be- I
longs, in that case, exclusively to Congress, to :
determine where the boundary is, and, if it thinks 1
proper, to authorize the President to establish it by ;
force. Thegre'at mistake of the Senator, and those j
who think with him, is to look exclusively to the j
question between Mexico and the United States, !
and to overlook entirely the question between the r
departments of our own Government. As be- !
tween the United States and Mexico, there can be :
no doubt, that when negotiation failed, the United j
States had the right to establish by force the bound- I
ary for themselves.- But the question is, through ;
what department? Through the President, or
through Congress? The very statement .of this
question is sufficient to decide it to alf who have
the least knowledge of ourConstitutfon. The.error
of the Senator consists in supposing, that when-the
President failed to negotiate tvith Mexico in refer-
ence to the boundary, his failure gave him the right
to determine on his own authority, without con-
sulting Congress, which was the boundary, and
to occupy by force the disputed territory, when in
fact the failure of the negotiation exhausted his
power, and left him no means of acting but by
submitting the question to Congress for its deci-
sion. It is really wonderful to those who have
been in this body for any considerable length of
time, that there should be any question on these
points.
It may be proper to add, that the power of the
, President and the Senate is so rigidly restricted to
; negotiating and making treaties, thatvalthough they
1 may make, they have no authority to set aside fi.
treaty when it is violated by the opposite party.
That power belongs not even to the Judiciary, but
to Congress; of which there is a temarkable in-
stance in reference to the treaty made between
Prance and the United States, during the war of
the Revolution. That treaty was so outuigeously
violated by France during her revolutionary strug-
gle, that it becamc necessary on our part to dis-
avow any further obligation under u; and that was
made by a joint resolution of Congtess, declaring
it to be null and void. This precedent has never
been questioned. It shows that the power was re-
stricted within the limits 1 have assigned.
Assuming these views to be correct, I put the
question to the Senator, how could the President,
on his own authority,order General Taylor to oc-
cupy a territory which the resolutions of Congress
and the act of Texas acceding to them admitted
to be disputed territory between her and Mexico,
and that, too, without consulting or even advising
Congress of the order, although Congress was at
the time in session ? 1 hold that the President
had no more right to order the army to march
into the disputed territory than he had to orddr it
to march into Mexico. I might appeal to the
i whole history of our country, 111 reference to this
| point, for the truth of this position. There are
many cases that bear upon it. Among others, I
1 might citc those which occurred under the Adnun-
! iutration of General Washington. It js known to
nil the leas't conversant with our history, that
Great HriUun, after the treaty of peace, held on not
only to Detroit, which was near the frontier, and
then in the woods, but to Fort Stanwix, now
Rome, in the very heart of the State of New York,
from 1783 to 1794, without any attempt on the
part of General Washington to disturb her posses-
sion. He never dreamt of attacking cither with-
out authority of Congress; and if he had, there
was no one at that day that would not have con-
sidered it as a flagrant violation of the Constitu-
tion. To this L may add, we had a question of
disputed boundary in Maine, arising out of the
same treaty, which remained open under all Ad-
ministrations down to a very late period, that of
Mr. Tyler's Administration; yet there was not
any attempt whatever on the part of the many
Presidents, in the long intervening period, to a'ssert
by foice the right of the United States to the dis-
puted territory. I never heard the principle laid
down anterior to this war with Mexico, that the
President, on his own authority, had the right to
march the army into a disputed territory.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I beg to remind the Sena-
tor that Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison seized
upon the country west of the Mississippi.
Mr. CALHOUN. Oh ! that was a trifling case:
You could cover the whole country with a blan-
ket !
Mr. DAVIS. I repeat, that I dannot pertseive
on what grounds#the Senator will justify ttie order
sending the navy to the Gulf of Mexico, whilst we
were negotiating the annexation of Aexas, and yet
deny"that after annexation was completed
Mr. CALHOUN. - They were issued when
Congress was-in session. If &ny attack had^been
