1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
the case of highway robbery. This charge, let
us recollect,* is, urged by a^Senator who has voted
for the war from the beginning. He has voted for
every war measure, I believe, but he says he turned
against it as soon as he found it was a war of con-
quest. Pray, how did he make that discovery?
Did he find it inthe President's message? If so,
he had better examine <he message" again. The,
President informed us in his message of last ses-
sion, that he had taken possession of California
£nd New Mexico; and recommended that provision
be made for the establishment of civil government
in those conquered provinces. He had better refer
again to the message asking for the appropriation
of three millions of dollars. Why did the Presi-
dent a-sk for that appropriation ? He referred you
to the case of the acquisition of Louisiana, in which
money was required to be paid in advance, and also
lo the case of. the purchase of Florida; and after
referring to these cases, illustrative of the grounds
upon which he recommended the appropriation,
he asked for three millions of dollars. Now,
was not the demand of the Executive a clear
notice of the intention of the Administration to
receive territory as a consequence of the prose-
cution of this war? and not only to receive ter-
ritory, but to receive sufficient for indemnity,
as weli for the claims due to our citizens, as for
all the expenses of the war? These facts were
before us at the last session. Every Senator
knew them; and the war bills were voted for, a>t
the last session, with a full knowledge of these
facts. Still we are told, that because it is proposed
to receive territory as indemnity, therefore it is a
war of aggression. I repeat, that it has been well
known—it has been proclaimed in both Houses
from the beginning—that the war was to bring
territory as compensation or indemnity. I under-
take to say, that I do not believe there is a Senator
on this floor, nor a human being within the sound
of my voice, who did not know the fact that it was
intended, from the time the war commenced, that
territory was to be acquired. And yet, though we
all knew this—though the President told us so—
though he asked for money to pay the first instal-
ment in compensation for the territory so acquired,
yet.the changes are still rung on the charge that it
nas recently become a war of conquest.
The war was forced on us by Mexico. It was
just on our part, aggressive on hers. We tried to
avoid it, and to settle the difficulty by negotiation.
Mexico made the attack; we repelled-that attack,
and carried the war into the enemy's country, with
a view of getting " indemnity for the past" and, if
you please, " security for the future"—security
that they never would commence war upon us
again.
Mr. CLAYTON. Did yon get that security in
the. treaty ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the gentleman will
show me a treaty of peace, I will examine it, and
tell him whether we have that security. But I am
unable to comprehend upon what ground he af-
firms the immorality of this war. Such a charge,
coming from a gentleman who has supported it
from tne beginning—who voted for it, who did not
vote for it ignorantly, who knew at the time the
war was declared that the Mexicans had attacked
a detachment of our army—is to say the least of
it, very singular. The war was voted with a full
knowledge of these facts. I have looked, sir, into
the debate—indeed, I was present at the time that
vote was given—and I was not able to find a man
who doubted the propriety of that declaration,
provided that the attack upon our troops was an
authorized one. The Democratic Senators were
asked to pause, in order to see whether the attack
had been authorized by the Mexican Government.
And it was at that time that the honorable Senator
from South Carolina drew his memorable and
novel distinction between hostilities and a state of
war. The objection to the preamble was, that it
was doubtful whether war existed. Still we are
told that Senators have now found out, for the first
time, that it is a war of conquest I
Mr. BAGBY. I move that the Seriate adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. BAGBY. I will withdraw the motion pro-
vided this debate ceases; but I cannot consent to
expose my health, night after night, by sitting un-
der the influence of this gas, listening to a debate
which has been already exhausted.
Mr. CAMERON. I came here this morning
determined to sit out the discussion.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on
adjournment.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
ing result: Ayes 22, noes 26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Louisiana, then submitted
the following motion: To recommit the bill to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, with instructions to
amend it by inserting at the end thereof the fol-
lowing:
" Provided, kotoever, That the President shall not be au-
thorized* to nominate or appoint any officer,"ftr to do any
other act in the execution of' this act, until it shall be satis-
factorily ascertained that the pending negotiations with
Mexico for securing a peace witli that country by treaty
have failed."
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed, and were taken, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badges, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Butler,
Calhoun, Clarke, Clayton, Corwin, Cnrienden, Davis or
Mus^aeliu&etto, !)ajton, Greene, Male, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Mangum, Phelps, Underwood, Upliani, and Webster
—50
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, B.ig-
by, Benton, Uradbuiy, Bieese, Cameron, Cass, Davis ot
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, FHeli, Foote,
Hanne^Jin, Hunter, Johnson ol (Georgia, JL-ewjs, Mason,
Moor, Niles, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and Yulce—2^.
The motion was therefore not agreed to; and
the question recurred on the passage of the bill. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Had the ques-
tion been taken upon this bill before any proceed-
ings took place upon the treaty, I should have
voted for it; and had the amendment which I had
the honor to offer to-day been adopted, I should
have voted for it; but I think that, after the occur-
rences which have recently taken place, the matter
is totally changed. A treaty has heen agreed upon,
and a commissioner has been sent to Mexico, and
we have reason to believe that the treaty will be
ratified. These forces, therefoie, will never be j
called into the field. The amendment which I j
ottered was intended to prevent the President from j
appointing these four or five hundred officers, and *
raising the troops until actually required to be J
called into the field, which may never be the case, !
and thereby to save a useless expense of two or '
three millions of dollars. Under the present cir- !
cumstances, I cannot reconcile it with my sense of j
duty to vote for this bill.
1 have heretofore voted for all measures for the
vigorous prosecution of the war, but the aspect of
aflairs is now materially changed. I would still
have voted for the bill, however, if my amendment
had prevailed, or if I could have had an assurance
from the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affair#, that the President would not make these
appointments until they were actually required.
We have every reason to suppose that the treaty
will be ratified, and, besides, that the power now
exists to fill up the old regiments, i much regret
the situation in which I am placed, in regard to ,
this bill, but not having the assurances to which I |
have alluded, I cannot give my vote for its passage.
Mr. BUTLER. I am very far from submitting '
to those who have made an arbitrary rule for de- j
ciding this matter without debate, and 1 now take
leave to ask of the chairman of the Committee on ,
Military Affairs, certain questions to which I ex- j
pcct to receive answers. j
Mr. CASS. I do not feel disposed to answer
questions.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, if the Senator is not
able to answer the questions 
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope the honorable Senator
will ask me the questions that he proposes to ask.
Mr. BUTLER. I intend to ask them.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from Michigan
does not, I will answer the questions for the Sen-
ator.
Mr. BUTLER. I fear my friend will answer
them too well. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, whether it is the inten- 1
tion of the President, if this bill passes, imme-
diately to appoint the officers? ;
MLr! CASS. 1 have not the least objection to
answer the question. I do not know.
Mr. BUTLER. That is not a very definite an- ,
swer ?
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me to answer him, I will remind him that
the Senator from Ohio, on the day before, yester-
day, in anticipation of all such questions, declared !
that, if there was a prospect of peace, the troops j
would not march, and if there was a prospect of ;
war, they would.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not answered yet. The
Senator from Michigan knows nothing on the sub-
ject? _ -
Mr. CASS. I will observe, that I some time
ago had a conversation with the President respect-
ing the proposition to make this Sill not absolute,
but discretionary—allowing him to determine
whether the force should be raised or not. He
thought the suggestion a proper one.
Mr.'BUTLER. I believe that the Senator has
answered the inquiry in a kind spirit, although the
answer does not altogether satisfy me of the pro-
priety of passing this bill; lam willing, however,
to leave it with the House of Representatives to
determine. But I must ask another question. Is
it the intention of the President to appoint any
general officers under this bill, as was done under
the bill of Inst year?
Mr. CASS. This bill does not provide for
them.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not say they were ap-
pointed under the provisions of that bill, but there
were general officers appointed—two brigadier-
generals and four major-generals. I only inquire
the opinion of the Senator as a military man.
Mr. CASS. The Senator is entirely welcome
to my individual opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the honorable Senator
from Michigan, as the organ of the Al ministration,
whether it is the purpose to add other general*offi-
cers to those already appointed, for the purpose of
fulfilling what we must suppose to be the demands
of the service.
Mr. CASS. I do not know; but it is my pri-
vate opinion, that additional general officers will
not be wanted.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe the honorable Senator
has answeied fairly. He says he does not know
whether it be the intention of the President to ap-
point these officers immediately or not.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honon^le 'Senator in-
dulge me a moment? I have had no confidential
communication on the subject, yet I feel authorized
to state one fact.
Mr. BUTLER. What is that.^
Mr. FOOTE. There was a meeting of the mem-
bers of this body who are favorable to the passage
of this bill, and the understanding arrived at was
that there was to be no appointments made, unless
there was an actual necessity for the troops to be
despatched to the field; and 1 do hope that that
meeting, caucus, or whatever it may be called, will
unite in enforcing upon the Piesident this determi-
nation.
Mr. BUTLER. These are assurances which in
some measure relieve me from the apprehensions
which I have entertained. I could have preferred,
however, that the bill should have been recommit-
ted, and a clause embracing such a provision in-
troduced as a proviso to the bill. A majority here,
howevei, has declined to recommit the bill with a
view to amend it, and we must therefore take it,
1 suppose, according to the provision it contains,
and pass it, subject to the discretion of the Presi-
dent. There are contingencies under which I would
put these troops at the disposal of the President
unhesitatingly, for even if it be determined to with-
draw the army to a line of defence, I am strongly
inclined to the opinion that the number of troops
that we have in Mexico at present is not sufficient.
It appeared to me to beaciiminal disregard of
human life, to send only about ten thousand men
under General Scott to invade an empire, with a
population of eight millions. I thought it criminal,
sir, a rash reliancc upon the gallantry, skill, and
patriotism of our citizen soldiers, which no govern-
ment on earth had a right to expect from its peo-
ple. Success, however, has vindicated the course
of the Administration: success, I repeat, has vin-
dicated the net, and averted the forcc of that indig-
nation which would, had the result been otherwise,
have deservedly fallen upon the Administration.
But whether that success depended on the wisdom
of the measures which they devised, or upon the
gallantly and intiepidity of the officers and men
who performed the work, is a question which i
leave to others to determine.
Mr. CLAYTON. A few words in reply to the
Senator from Illinois. He has undertaken to defend
the conduct of the President fa admitting Santa
Anna into Mexico: first, upon an allegation of his
own, that, at that time, it was customary to admit
Mexicans into Mexico without any restriction.
Sir, this is new to,me. ■ I^do not believe it. It is
