1B48.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
tor from Illinois if it be not so. If I am correctly
informed, the time of service of these volunteers
would have expired in a month and a half orthere-
abouts. Does the Senator know the time when
these troops would have been discharged 'by the
terms of their agistment?
< Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know precisely, but
I am under the impression that their time would
have expired in July. I know this, however, that
the men were willing to go on to the city of Mex-
ico.
Mr. CLAYTON. What authority had General
Scott to enlist these troops for six weeks, or till
they entered Mexico ? *
Mr. DOUGLAS. None at all; but the Senator
will perceive that my position remains altogether
untouched. I have shown that General Scott, on
his own authority, voluntarily discharged these
troops at the very time when the Senator repre-
sents him as bein^ compelled to weaken General
Taylor's column in conseque.nce of not receiving
reinforcements from the War Department.
Mr. NILES. I rise, sir, to thank the gentle-
men who have occupied the attention of the Senate
this evening. The subject is so entirely fresh and
novel that I might have voted with a great deal of
difficulty had it not been for the able arguments
\yhich we have heard this evening, by which I have
been so much 'enlightened, that I think I can now
vote with a tolerably safe conscience ! Now, if 1
receive an answer to one question which I desire
to ask I shall be entirely satisfied. I do not know
what Senator I had better ask; perhaps the honora-
ble Senator from Delaware will do as welt as any
other. 1 inquire, then, whether in his conscience
*he believes it is the destiny of this country, ulti-
mately, to swallow all Mexico or not?
Mr. CLAYTON, (jocularly.) It depends upon
what the people shall'do at the Presidential elec-
tion next fall. That election will answer the Sen-
ator fully. Let him wait till that event.
Mr. CASS demanded the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill, which were ordered and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Met-srs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Rag-
by, Benton. Bradbury, Breese, Butler,Cameron, Cass, Davis
of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Feleh,
Foote, Hannegan, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Ma-
son, Moor, Niles, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—
29.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien,Calhoun,
Clarke, Clayton, CorWin, Crittenden, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davton, Greene, Hale, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum, Phelps, Underwood, Upham, and Webster—19.
So it was
Resolved, That tins bill pass, and that the title thereof be
as aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concurrence of
the House of Repreventatives therein.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 18, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HUNT rose and said : Mr. Speaker, I rise
to discharge a mournful and unwelcome duty.
Upon me has been devolved the melancholy task of
announcing to the House that John M. Holley,
one of the Representatives of the State of New
York, has departed this life. He died at Jackson-
ville, in Florida, on the 8th instant, after a pro-
tracted illness, which he endured with calmness
and Christian resignation.
I feel the inadequacy of language to express the
grief with which I am penetrated by this afflicting
event. The nation has lost one of her noblest sons,
and the public councils are deprived of the services
of a pure patriot and a wise statesman. The esti-
mation in which his virtues were held by the peo-
ple of the State to which he belonged forms, of
itself, the highest eulogium upon his character.
Mr. Holley was a native of Salisbury, in Con-
necticut, where he was born in November, 1802.
lie graduated with distinguished honors at Yale
College, in 1822, and, after pursuing a course of
legal study under the ablest masters of the law, he
was admitted to the New York bar in 1825, and
commenced practice the "next year at Lyons, in
Western New York, where he has ever since re-
sided. His learning, capacity, and integrity, soon
placed him in the front rank of his profession. To
a mind at once brilliant and solid, he united those
generous qualities of the heart which attract the,
love and confidence of mankind. Popular honors
were showered upon him, and, during his whole
career, he enjoyed the most gratifying demonstra-
tions of public regard. In various stations of pub-
lic trust he exemplified the remark that official
elevation is made tiuly illustrious by the personal
worth and fidelity of the incumbent. In the Legis-
lature of his State he gained a high reputation for
eloquence and ability: Ever firm and unyielding
in the assertion of what he deemed to be the truth
arid the right, always fearless and bold in the ex-
pression of his convictions, yet the ingenuous can*
dor of his spirit disarmed hostility by winning the
admiration and friendship of political opponents.
Whilst he had no personal enemies, no man could
boast a more devoted "troop of friends." He
belonged to a family distinguished for patriotism
and public spirit. The circle of his nearer kins-
men embraced several names whose public ser-
vices illustrate the annalspfourState; among them,
Myron Holley and Peter B. Porter, the compeers
of De Witt Clinton.
At the Congressional election in November, 1846,
Mr. Holley .was elected to the 30th Congress by
the district composed of Wayne and Seneca coun-
ties. At the time of his election he was in the
pride of manhood, enjoying the fullest degree of
health and vigor. Perhaps few of us could have
anticipated with so much confidence a long life of
honorable usefulness. His numerous friends looked
to -him with pride and hope, assured by his pre-
vious career that he would' speedily reach a distin-
guished eminence in the councils of his country.
Had Jit pleased an all-wise Providence to spare the
life of our departed friend, none who kne.v him
can doubt that he would have-held a place in the
first rank among the most conspicuous and useful
members of this body. But his melancholy fate
reminds us of the instability of worldly honois,
and the vanity of our fondest hopes.
A few months after his election he was suddenly
prostrated by an attack of apoplexy. His strong
constitution withstood the shock, and hegradually
regained his health, until his complaint assumed a
new form, and terminated in a pulmonary disease
which proved fatal.
He came to the Capitol at the opening of the
present session, hoping for a gradual restoration of
health which should enable him to discharge his
public duties. But he was advised to seek a milder
climate, and soon "proceeded to Florida, intending
to spend the winter there, and resume his place
upon the return of spring. His devoted wife ac-
companied him on his journey. She was ever by
his side, "a ministering angel," to cheer and solace
his sinking spirit, till she closed his eyes in death.
It is gratifying to know that he was sustained in
the last trying hour by a firm Christian faith and
devout submission to the Divine will. In writing
to a friend, the day before his death, he said,<4 With
hopes of earthly fame or distinction I have done; 1
seek those better things to which the humblest
votary may aspire." He had evidently withdrawn
his thoughts from " the competitions, factions,and
debates of mankind," to contemplate the higher
concerns of that immortal: existence upon which
he now has entered.
Mr. Speaker, in the community where our la-
mented colleague had dwelt so long, the intelligence
of his death will be received with the deepest sor-
row. Universally beloved while living, his loss
will be universally mourned; whilst the memory
of his manly graces and virtues will be fondly
cherished by all who knew him.
1 dare not trust myself to speak of the domestic
circle which is made desolate, and the hallowed
ties which are sundered by this afflictive dispensa-
tion. Would that we might impart consolation to
the bereaved family by the expression of our af-
fectionate sympathy and condolence! May they be
sustained and comforted by the protecting power of
that Supreme Being whose merciful promise it is
to be the widow's friend and "a father to the
fatherless."
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I offer the following
resolutions:
Resolved, Thatthi* House has heard, with decpsensibility,
tlie annunciation of the death of the Hon. John M. Holley,
a member from- the State of New York.
Resolved, That tins House tenders to the relatives of the
deceased the evrpie^ion of its sympathy on this affecting
event, and, as a testimony of respect for the memory oi the
deceased, the members and officers of the House will go into
mourning by wearing crape on the left arm for thnty days.
Resolved, That, as a fnrthei mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, this House do now adjourn.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. C. E. STUART: The memorial of the members
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, for a mail route
from Battle creek, in the county of Calhoun, to Michigan,
the seat of Government of said State. ' '•*
By Mr. S. LAWRENCE: TlTe memorial of 120 citizens
of Ontario county, New York, against the renewal o£ the
patent of Jethro Wood for his iron plough.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The concurient resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New York, against any such change in the " act
concerning pilots'' as tended to destroy or diminish the com-
petition now existing.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland: The petition of Adam
Whann.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The petition of George W. Biscoe,
of Maryland, for compensation for property destroyed by the
British foices in the war of 1812. .
By Mr. PEASLEE: The petition of certain citizens of
New Hampshire, against the renewal of Jethro Wood's
patent.
By Mr. MANN: The petition of Henry Miller, of West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania, a soldiei in the war of 1812
with Great Britain, piaying for a pension.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The memonal of the legal repre-
sentatives of John Jackson, pilot, asking for a pension for the
loss ol an aim in the action with tiie Serapis, promised him
by the commander of the Bon Homme Richaid, and sanc-
tioned by a report and resolution of the Continental Con-
gress.
By Mr. CONGER: The remonstrance of 60 citizens and
farmers of Cortlandt county, New York, against the further
extension of the patent of Jethro Wood for the cast-iron
plough. Also, the affidavit of Jacob Sanders, jr., of Homer,
New York, showing that he had paid four hundred dollars
for the privilege of manufacturing Jethro Wood's cast-iron
plough.
By Mr. BOVVLJN: The petition of S. B. Aden, of St.
Louis, praying Congress to so modify th.3 post office laws as
to place periodicals in their exchanges on the same footing
Its the newspapers—free of postage.
By Mr. MeCLERNAND; The proceedings of a public
meeting in Franklin county, Illinois, praying Congress to
grant a quantity of land to asMht in the completion of the
Great Central railroad in that State.
By Mj. BOWLIN : The memorial of the corporate author-
ities and the villagers ot the village of Carondelet, in Mis-
souri, praying the confirmation of their commons according
to official survey. ,,
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of H. N. Wells and 2a
others, members of the Legislative Assembly of Wisconsin,
for the establishment of a mad route from Fond du Lac, via
Ilurmesville, on Fox river, to Plover Portage, oil the Wis-
consin river, m Wisconsin.
By Mr. GREEN: A petition for a pension to Mrs. Maria
Ilogue, widow of William G. Hogue, deceased, who died
while in service in the Mexican War.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of Jonathan Reynolds
and others, praying the erection of buoys in Narraganset
bay. Also, the petition of David Melville, administrator on
the estate of Benjamin Fry, deceased. Also, the petition of
Charles Bulfinch and others, praying that the title to certain
lands in the Territory of Oregon may be confirmed.
By Mr. EMBREE: The petition of Samuel Humphreys,
M. W. Iiow'e, and other citizens of Posey county, Indiana,
praying for the enactment of such laws as will prevent land
monopolies, &c.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois : The petition of Hiram Peno-
ver and 230 other citizens of Union and other counties, in
Illinois!, praying a giant of 2M.OOO acies of land to establish a
seminar) at Western Saiatoga, in Union county, Illinois.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 18, 1848.
Mr. BREESE presented a document relating to
the claim of Mr. E. Owen; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after a short time, the doors were reopened.
Mr. BRADBURY withdrew his motion to recon-
sider the vote of concurrence in the amendments
to the bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inqune into the expediency of making an appropriation
to impiove the harbor at Port Pontcharttam, in the State of
Louisiana.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing the death of the Hon.
John M. Holley, a Representative from the State
of New York; which having been read-
Mr. DIC KINSON" rose and addressed the Senate
as follows: ' , , '
This painful message, Mr. President, devolves
on me the melancholy duty of paying a brief trib-
ute to the virtues of the deceased, and . ,S
the Senate to. unite in the c°sht0™°rXf®"™
of respect for his memory. The fearfiAmei  t  r
Death has of late been no stranger in, these Ha Is
Eight times during the present se®f'°n
members of this Congress been ^led to jrat m
the habiliments of mourning, kight times have
we been thus significantly admonisned of the futile
tenure by Which we hold life and earthly honors.
