1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
should be expended elsewhere than within the In-
dian country. He was decidedly in favor of the
principle of limiting the expenditure of this appro-
priation wi(hm the Indian territory.
Mr. SAWYER signified his willingness to mod-
ify his amendment in the manner suggested.
« Mr..McKAY remarked that he had then" buta sin-
gle word to say in relation to this proposition. The
gentleman from Mississippi was wholly mistaken
when he said that the means heretofore expended
at this academy had been taken from what was
< called the contingent fund. This was not so. There
was no such fund, except a fund of #10,000, or
under. There was a fund of $10,000 for what
were called civilization purposes—for the purpose
of civilizing the Indian tribes—a part of which had
been applied to the purposes of education, but not
the whole of it.
The report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs (he said) showed that the Cherokees had
appropriated out of their own funds $25,000, and
were now engaged in building a large and substan-
tial academy; the Choctaws had five seminaries,
and there were several others scattered throughout
the different tribes. By referring to this report of
the Commissioner, gentlemen would find all these
and other facts specifically stated.
He referred to the statement of Mr. Yinton,
relative to Mr. Medill's communication to the
Committee of Ways and Means, in "which he had
conveyed the idea th-at this Choctaw academy in
Kentucky would close at the end of the present
fiscal year. Arrangements had been made (he
said) with Colonel Johnson, by which the opera-
tion of the school, so far as depended upon the
appropriation of moneys by the Government, was
to cease at the termination of the present fiscal
year, on the 1st of July next; but it was rumored
about the streets, that he had succeeded in obtain-
ing a postponement of the execution of this ar-
rangement—how long, he (Mr. McK.) had not
learned.
Mr. VINTON inquired, if this arrangement had
been entered into subsequently to Mr. Medill's
beiny; before the Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. McKAY replied in the affirmative.
Mr. YINTON paid, he had never before heard
of it. He had stated what the Commissioner of
Indiar^Affairs (Mr. Medill)had said.
Mr. McKAY (continuing) said, he made no im-
putation upon the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. It was true, as the gentleman
had said, that this arrangement had been made,
but it had subsequently been altered, as he under-
stood. Now, he (Mr. McK.) was in favor of
currying out, of executing this original plan. This
was not a new idea with him. Gentlemen who
had been at the head of the War Department would
bear him witness that for ten or twelve years he
had uniformly appealed to them to recommend to
Congress to limit the expenditure of this money,
of these large sums (for it was upwards of twenty
thousand dollars annually, and some years readied
twenty-five thousand dollars) to be expended for
the purposes of education within the limits of the
Indian tribes; and if this policy had been adopted,
it would have resulted in incalculable advantages
to the Indians.
He rejoiced to see this spirit of improvement
awakened among the various tribes. To be sure,
they were called the pupils of the Government; he
would be glad to see them reach their majority,
and become independent. He rejoiced to see the
Cherokees, and Choctaws, and even the tribes in
the North, everywhere building up schools, and
educating, not only their sons, but their daughters.
The Cherokees had appropriated out of their own
money twenty-five thousand dollars, for the pur-
Eoses of education, for building up schools, &c,
,et the large sums of money appropriated by us,
in addition to their own appropriations, bs expend-
ed within the limits of the various tribes; let man-
ual-labor schools be established; let all the arts—
let blacksmiths, shoemakers, and artisans of all
descriptions—go in among them, and the boys be
4aught all these trades; let the farms be cultivated
in the neighborhood of these schools, and let them
be taught'how to use the plough, and be made
familiar with the other operations of agriculture.
That was not all. By the expenditure of this
money for purposes of education within the tribes,
Indian villages would be built up, markets wo'uld
be created, and the necessity for agricultural labor
and productions would stimulate them to the raising
of corn and other grains, and familiarize the Indians
to the various industrial pursuits of the whites.
Thus immense advantages would be conferred
upon them.
He made no imputation at all upon the character
of those who had been connected with the Choc-
taw academy in Kentucky, but these, considera-
tions, he said, convinced him that it was far better
that the money should be expended within the In-
dian territory; and as the Secretary of War had
now the liberty to expend it at his discretion—
every dollar'of it within the limits of the United
States if he pleased—he wished the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio modified, as h$ had sig-
nified his willingness it should be, to be adopted,
and thus every expenditure of it without the Indian
territory be prohibited.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, differed from
Mr. McKay in that, while he was decidedly in
favor of the establishment of schools within the In-
dian territories, he thought in many cases it would
be of benefit to those who passed through the lower
stages of instruction there, to come into the States
to spend the last year of their instruction at our
schools. He was willing, then, to vote for an
amendment which should prohibit any further ap-
propriation of this money to establishing or keep-
ing up schools within the States, but was unwilling
that the restriction should be so extended as to
prevent the appropriation of a part of the money
to defray the expenses of those who were sent into
the States to spend the last year of their instruc-
tions.
Mr. BOYD (Mr. T. yielding) wished to inquire
of the gentleman from Mississippi, who, from his
position on the Committee of Indian Affairs for
several years, was very familiar with the whole
subject, whether anything had appeared in Ins in-
vestigations, going to impeach'the honor or the
conduct of Colonel Johnson connected with this
academy ?
Mr. THOMPSON" entered into some explana-
tions to show that Colonel Johnson was not ob-
noxious to any censure.
Mr. McKAY said he had expressly disclaimed
any impeachment of the character of Colonel John-
son.
Mr. BARR1NGER concurred in the propriety
of spending this money in the Indian territories,
but the proviso, as proposed, was much too strin-
gent, inasmuch as it would prevent the President
selecting any Indian youths to receive an education
in the higher branches than those taught in the
schools located among the tribes. If there were
abuses, let them be corrected; but he hoped noth-
ing would be done to throw obstacles in the way
of the education of these people.
Mr. POLLOCK had doubts of the power of this
House to enter upon such legislation. An amount
of money was to be expended to promote educa-
tion among the Indian tribes by ccitain treaty stip-
ulations. It was placed in the President's hands
for that purpose, and he would like to know how
it could be brought under the control of Congress.
Treaty stipulations were above the action of Con-
gress; how then could thejrin this case dictate to
the President ? He would not deprive the Presi-
dent of the right to select young Indians for the
purpose of sending them to the States to be edu-
cated. He believed not only the cause of educa-
tion, but of the civilization of the tribes would be-
promoted by it. Many had been so educated, and
thus they had been enabled to promote the interest
of those tribes, and he hoped the amendment would
not prevail.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, urged the gentle-
man from North Carolina to withdraw his amend-
ment; and after a brief conversation, m which Mr.
McKAY, Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, Mr.
SAWYER, and Mr. CLARKE, took part, the
amendments weie withdrawn.
The Clerk then proceeded in the reading of the
sections until he arrived at the item of $3,000 for
the payment'of annuities to the Chickasaws, in
accordance with a stipulation in the act of 25th
February, 1799.
Mr. YINTON moved to amend the item under
the head of u the Chickasaws:"
"For education for fifteen years, stipulated in the second
article of the supplement to the treaty of the 24th May, lb34,
($1,000 having heretofore been appropriated/) $2,000."
Mr. GIDDINGS called the attention of the
Committee of Ways and Means to this item, and
expressed a desire* for information in relation to it.
He wished to know why this annuity was paid
at ail?
Mr. McKAY replied that it was an old acquaint-
ance. That appropriation had been made ever
since the year 1799. He bad not seen the original
agreement by virtue of which it was paid, though
he had applied for it.
Mr. GIDDINGS then remarked, that it appear-
ed the Committee of Ways and Means had recom-
mended the payment of an annuity without knowv-
ing what it was for.
Mr. YINTON said it was perfectly immaterial
to him what it was for. The Government had
made an agreement with this Indian tribe to pay
this annuity; the law required it to be paid, and
this estimate was in conformity with the act of
Congress which required it to be made. The com-
mittee were only carrying out the law.
Mr. GIDDINGS said it seemed to him they
should know what obligations they were under to
the tribe of Indians, before they voted this appro-
priation. If we were under obligations to them,
let the money be appropriated; if not, strike it
out. v
Mr. VINTON replied that so long as the law#
remained in force it was the duty of the Committee
of Ways and Means to bring in appropriations in
accordance with law. Perhaps it was the duty of
the Committee on Indian Affairs to inquire into the
consideration for which the money was required to
be paid, but he did not conceive it to be the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means to make
| the examination.
| Mr. GIDDINGS had no intention to cast any
i imputation on the Committee of Ways and .Means.
! Pie moved to strike out the appropriation.
I Mr. McKAY, before the vote was taken on the
1 motion to strike out the item, wished to say a word
I in its defence. The gentleman from Ohio would
| see that this appropriation was required by an
j agreement made some time prior to the year 1799,
| and the appropriation was made in pursuance of
j such agreement, and also in pursuance of law.
This Government had been going on making the
appropriation for the last fifty years. Every Ex-
ecutive, every Secretary of War, every Committee
on Indian Affairs had considered it a permanent
annuity, made so by a solemn agreement, which
was recognized on their statute books.
Mr. HUDSON also argued that it was a perma-
nent annuity, which the faith of the Government
was pledged to pay. He thought the Committee
of Ways and Means could not, nor should not, be
required to go behind the statute. If it were so
in this case, they would be required to do it in all
cases, and their duties would become more ardu-
ous than they could endure; but he did not so
understand it. If the Committee of Ways and
Means were to be required to go behind every
statute and inquire into the reasons for their enact-
ment, they would have not only to examine every
subject that came before Congress, but all corre-
spondence, and eVery communication, and all the
treaties, and all the laws that related to both our
foreign and domestic relations, from the commence-
ment of this Government to the present day.
Mr. SIMS moved that the committee rise.
The committee rose accordingly, and reported
progress. /
Mr. McKAY moved that from and after this
day, the daily hour of meeting shall be eleven
o'clock.
Objections being made, he moved a suspension
of the rules; pending which motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, J\Tarch 20, 1848.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the county of-Penobscot, in Maine, pray-
ing the abolition of the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, or the removal of the seat of Govern-
ment; the motion to receive which was laid upon
the table. v
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition of citizens of
Louisiana, praying the establishment of a judicial
1 district north of Red river, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Raymond to Camden, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
