508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,/
Mr. CASS presented the petition of E. P. Hast*
iris's praying compensation for his services as
pension agent for the State of Michigan; which
■^as referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the" bill from the
-House of Representatives for the relief of Amzy
Judd, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BREESft, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for therelief of Benjamin White,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN,fromtheCommittee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of D. A. Wat-
terton, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read and passed to
the second reading, and the report ordered to be
printed.'
. Mr. BALDWIN, from the.same Committee,
to whom was referred the memorial of Columbus
Alexander and Theodore Barnard, submitted a re-
Eort, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
ill was read and passed to the second reading,
#tnd the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of Da-
vid Myerlc, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which bill was read and passed j
to the second reading, and the report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of John H.
White, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read and passed to
the second reading, and the report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Wm. W.Wall, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of the heirs of John Wall,
deceased; which bill was read and passed to the
second reading,'and the report ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of Charles Cappell, re-
ported it without amendment.
SCHOOL LANDS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. BREESE, Irom the Commiltee on Public j
Lands, to whom was referred the bill concerning- ;
the school lands in the State of Florida, reported it
with an amendment.
AMERICAN HEMP FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, ta whom was referred the joint resolution
to promote the purchase of American hemp for
the use of the American navy, reported it with an
amendment, so as to read as follows:
Be it resolved, -Vc., That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, amhouzed, if in his opinion it will he advan-
tageous to fin; public interest, to make contincts lor any
term not exceeding five years,/'or the purchase of American
water-rotted hemp for the u-« of the United States navy, pro -
vided the tame can be had of e<|iial quality with the best
foreign hemp, rind at a price not exceeding the average price
of such hemp for the ia&t five ye.us—the inspection and de-
livery to be at the place of purchase.
• Mr. YULEE asked for the immediate consider-
ation of the resolution; which motion was agreed
to, and the resolution ordered to be engrossed.
The question was about to be put on the passage
of the resolution, when—
Mr. CAMERON objected to the motion. He
would prefer that the bill lie over until to-morrow.
There were other interests to be looked to—certain
articles known as coal and iron, for instance. The
present resolution was for the protection of west-
ern interests alone.
Mr. NILES made some remark not distinctly
heard, in which he appeared to be congratulating
the Senator from Florida on the new lights he
seemed to have received in respect to the protec-
tion of American interests.
The resolution was then passed over.
EXAMINERS OF PATENTS.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the amendments of the House to the bill of the
Senate, to provide additional examiners in the Pat-
ent Office and for other purposes, reported thereon,
with a recommendation that the Senate disagree to
the amendments of the House.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked for the immediate con-
sideration of the amendments. The question being
about to be put upon concurring in the amend-
ments-
Mr. TURNEY said he hoped the question would
be divided and taken upon the first amendment
separately. He beheve.d that the salary of an ex-
aminer of patents was now somefifteen or eighteen
hundred dollars, and he knew no good reason why
it should be raised to twenty-five hundred. He
thought that this was hardly an appropriate time
for an increase of salaries, when the country was
involved in war, and had no superabundance of
revenue to dispose of. He thought it would be
proper to 'concur with this amendment to strike out
the twenty-five hundred dollars.
Mr. WESTCOTT remarked that all the mem-
bers of the committee were unanimous in disagree-
ing to the amendments of the House, with the ex-
ception of the first amendment, and a majority of
the committee were in favor of disagreeing to that
amendment. The bill as it originally passed the
Senate, he said, gave to each of the examiners in
the Patent Office a salary of twenty-five hundred
dollars. The House amendment proposed to re-
duce it to two thousand. The fixing of the salary
at twenty-five hundred dollars was on consultation
with the Commissioner; and those having busi-
ness with the Patent Ofiiee consideied it as a mat-
ter of the very fijst importance, as we are obliged
to have men of the highest scientific attainments,
and who are acquainted with the French and Ger-
man languages. The Senate will perceive the ne-
cessity for an increase of salary when I state the
fact, that within the last five years examiners who
have received eighteen hundred dollars a year,
finding that the salary was not adequate to the
service required,.and that they could make twice
as much money *by acting as agents, have re-
signed their offices. I think that the salary pro-
posed is not too large; and I will mention the fait
that the money does not come out of the treasury.
The law provides that it shall be taken from' the
receipts of the Patent Office, and that office has
already a fund of some seventy thousand dollars.
I hope that the Senate will concur with the recom-
mendation of the committee, and disagree with the
amendments of the House.
Mr. DICKINSOjN. This is simply a question
of demand and supply. In my judgment, a salary
of twenty-five hundred dollars is necessary, for the,
reason that you cannot get competent men for a
smaller salary. The office cannot be filled by mere
politicians or mere clerks. The gentleman filling
that office must be an encyclopcedia~of science, and
though he may not be required to converse fluently
in German and in French, it is necessary that he
should be able to read those languages, because he
is required to consult scientific works in the Ger-
man and French languages, in order to determine
whether an invention presented is a new one. And
he must be acquainted with chemistiy, in all its
details; in short, he must be qualified for one of
the most learned professorships in our institutions
of learning. JNow, you cannot get men possessing
these qualifications, foi less than twenty-five hun-
dred dollars a year. The number of such men is
comparatively small; the demand is greater than
the supply. You can get men to take the office
for one thousand dollars a year; but you cannot
get men who are-qualified to discharge the duties
for that sum. I am not for high salaries generally,
but this is one of those cases which require liberal
salaries.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I do not know-
that 1 understand the purport of this amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The bill originally pro-
posed to give twenty-five hundred dollars a year
to the examiners of the Patent Office. The House
struck out twenty-five hundred and inserted two
thousand. The committee proposes to disagree
with this amendment of the,House. |i
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I hope the Senate will ;j
disagree to the amendment. A salary of twenty-
five hundred dollars is quite a low one. The duties ' |
are laborious, and they require men of high scien-
ufic attainments. I think that the examiners should !j
have a higher salary than the Commissioner, as !i
they have the whole of the labor to perform. I
hope that the'Senate will disagree to the amend-
ment.
Mr. TURNEY. Before the question is taken,
I desire to say a single word.
Mr. ATHERTON. As 1 perceive that the de-
bate upon this bill is likely to continue, I would
like to have it laid over until to-morrow, for it is^
very desirable that the Senate should proceed with
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
to supply the deficiencies for the current fiscal
year.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, it was ^
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof be post-,
poned until to-moirow.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BADGER asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to declare the true
intent and meaning, so far as respects the franking
privilege of members of Congress, of the act ap-
proved the first of March, 1847, and of the act
entitled "An act to reduce the rates of postage, to
limit the use and correct the abuse of the franking
privilege; and for the prevention of frauds on the
Post Office Department;" passed the 3d of March,
1845, and for other purposes.
The bill having been read the first and second  
times, by unanimous consent—
Mr. BADGER. I shall move a reference of this
bill to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; but before the question is put, I desire to
occupy the attention of the Senate for a few mo-
ments, and particularly to call the attention of my
friend, the chairman of that committee, to one or
two observations regarding the purposes intended
to be accomplished by the bill, and the present"
state of the law to which it relates. It will be
found, by referring to the act passed on the 3d of
March, 1845, "to reduce the rates of postage,"
&c., that Congress at that time adopted an entirely
new system with regard to the franking privilege,
and placed it in the main upon different grounds
from those which it previously occupied. The act
of 1845 seems to be designed as a substitute for the
former law upon the subject, and by implication to
repeal it, and this implication isstrengthened by the
fact, that the latter law expressly saves fiom iepeal
certain portions of the former. It will.be found, upon
looking at the act of 1845, that the eighth section
of it grants to members of the Senate and House
of Representatives, delegates from Terri tones, &c,,
the right to send and receive free of postage " any
letter, newspaper, or packet," not exceeding two
ounces in weight, during each session of Congress,
and for thirty days before and after. The same
section declares that they shall have the right " to
frank written letters from themselves during the
whole year, as now authorized by law." It is'
therefore clear and beyond controversy, that, ac-
cording to the provisions of the law of 1845, the
franking privilege of members of the two Houses
during the session of Congress, and for thirty days
before and after, consists in the power to send and.
receive, free of postage, any letter, newspaper, or
package, and that it is perfectly immaterial by
whom directed, xo whom addressed, or by whom
written. There is but one single qualification,
that the letter, newspaper, or package, shall not
exceed two ounces in weight. If there could be
any doubt in regard to the terms embraced in this
part of the section, that doubt is removed by the
clear distinction that is taken between this frank-
ing privilege, during the sessions of Congress, and
thirty days before and after, and the franking priv-
ilege given for the residue of the year, which is
confined to written letters from themselves. It is
clear, therefore, that the act contemplated and de-
clared, that during the sessions, members of this
house and the other should have the right to frank
any letter, any newspaper, any package written
or printed, no matter whether it was composed o£
paper or muslin, no matter by whom directed, by
whom signed, with no exception, but the single
qualification, that the letter, newspaper, or pack-
age, should not exceed two ounces in weight.
Now, I apprehend there might have been in the
minds of Congress, reasons for making this dis-
crimination, and for the confining the franking priv-
ilege, during the residue of the year, to written let-
ters from themselves. Whatever might have been
the reason, or whether there was any, the distinc-
tion is clearly made. Then, sir, at the last session,^
we passed an act which was reported by my friepd,
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, containing this provision, that
members of Congress shall have power to receive,
as well as to send—for it will be observed that,
under the act of 1845, they had only the right to
send their own letters in the intervening time be-
tween the sessions, that they shall have a right to
