512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
convey. This is an attempt, on the part of the
Administration,"to pander to the passions of the
Roman Catholic voters. That is what I think.
"When the honorable Senator from Mississippi
says he has great confidence in the Administra-
tion 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorablfe Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment? The most se-
rious part of what I said was not so much a denial
•of his allegation as-a solemn call upon him for
evidence in support of the charge.
Mr. HALE~ I understand.
Mr. FOOTE. Allow me further to state my
proposition.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. If a person were arraigned as a
criminal, and no evidence of his guilt was produced,
he would certainly go free of punishment; I there-
fore invoke the Senator to adduce his proofs—I
challenge him to the proof.
Mr. HALE. The evidence is to be found in the
ahsence of all proof to the contrary. This is a fair
mode of argument, as the Senator must admit.
When there is something palpable on the face of
the case—ifnoother motive than thatwhich strikes
the mind as being the palpable motive is made to
appear—then the inference is legitimate, in the ab-
sence of all proof to the contrary, that that is really
the motive.
Mr. FOOTE. Suppose the Senator were charged
with a grave offence, of which he was altogether
innocent—though appearances were against him—
and if he failed to adduce proof of his innocence,
would he then be iustly found guilty?
Mr. HALE. Aon constat! The conclusion does
not follow from the premises—not at all. But the
Senator from Mississippi said that Pope Pius the
Ninth was "the man oftheage." Why,Ithought
James K. Polk was " the man of the age!" I should
like to know what right any Democrat, sound in
the faith, has to pronounce Pope Pius " the man of
the age !" I did not propose, however, to go into
this question of a mission to Rome. I rose only
for the purpose of freeing myself from the charge
of using a vulgarism. As modified, however, by
the Senator from Mississippi, instead of a charge,
it is a compliment. I feel fluttered. He says that i
my sentiment is becoming very common amongst '
tile people. I agree with inin. I do believe she
people regard this as an attempt, on the part of the j
Administration, to pander to Roman Catholic pre- '
judiees.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator will allow
me to correct him. I did not say that the senti-
ment was common amongst the people, but that
his language was of a common caste and charac-
ter.
Mr.HALE. Well, I am a common man. I do
not pretend to be anything else. And now, having
exposed the attempt on the part of the Adminis-
tration as well as I can, I would appeal to Senators;
and if there are any other ambitious men in the
Senate besides myself, I would call on them to see
to i(, that (he man who has prepared this measure
doesn't " bring all this grist into his hopper." If
theie be any other Presidential aspirant here besides
myself, I think he had better look well to this
business. Did the Senator fiom Michigan speak
tome? [Laughter, in which thereply of Mr. Cass
was lost to the reporter.]
Mr. HANNEGAN. When the Senator from
Mississippi alluded to the fear of Austria, had he
reference to any remarks made by me?
Mr. FOOl E. I alluded entirely to the speech
of the Senator from North Carolina, of which I
had read little more than the half.
_ Mr. MANGUM. I have but a word to say on
tnis bill. We have all been amused by this lexi- •
oographical discussion, which is entirely innocent.
But I exceedingly regret that this measure should
have been regarded in any other than a purely
business point of view. I regard it, anti I hope I
shall continue to regard it, su-ictly in that light.
This Government recognizes no such thin'j as sec-
tarian prejudices or sectarian feelings. We are
accustomed to act altogether irrespective of all such
considerations. !>ut though I have my prejudices
on this subject, and I hope, with due Seference to
the opinions of others, yet I am utterly incapable,
while sitting; here, of acting with regard to any
sectarian feelings whatsoever. I shall act in this
case purely as a business transaction. Well, then,
what is it in that light? This mission originated
m one of two purposes—in either the political or
the commercial aspect of the case, or in both. The
whole subject of our diplomatic agencies.have been
frequently spoken of, and some have concurred in
the opinion that the multiplication of so many mis-
sions in the States bordering on the Mediterranean
has been bad policy. I have thought that it was a
very convenient mode of gratifying perhaps ma,ny of
our political friends under all Administrations; and
I know, that a fe\V years ago, this matter was the
subject of conversation in a very intelligent circle,
and that a suggestion was then made which struck
me as a wise one, to the effect, that if we could
annihilate several of the missions already estab-
lished, of very little political or commercial im-
portance, it might be important to send a full min-
ister to some point in the Italian States, who might
concentrate all our interests, commercial and polit-
ical, and give dignity and efficiency to our diplo-
matic relations in that quarter of the world. I am
willing to admit, that in that point of view, Rome
might be a suitable location for such a mission, as
there is at that city a vast confluence from all parts
of Europe; and in a political aspect it might be
useful. Our commerce with the Papal States is
not very great, but it is a matter worthy of con-
sideration.
As to the progress of liberal opinions, in Italy
or elsewheie, 1 am perfectly willing to sympathize
in all efforts to meliorate the condition of the people:
but here, in my place, I protest not only against all
attempts to excite religious feeling or sectarian
feeling, but also against the idea that it is the mis-
sion of this Government to propagate our own
views, or in any way to interfere with the internal
affairs of any other people. Against religious
propagandising and political propagandism I am
equally opposed. Whenever 1 behold shackles and
fetters falling from the limbs of mankind, I rejoice,
and freely extend my sympathies; but sitting here,
| in this place, I trust, sir, that nothing shall divert
! my attention from the duties which belong to this
I station, and the interests to which I am solemnly
! bound to give exclusive attention. We are here
| to attend to our own affairs, not to meddle with
| the domestic concerns of any other people,
j I have had some difficulty in determining whe-
j ther, either in a political or commercial aspect, any
mission was called for at Rome. At all events, I
have made up my mmd to vote against the full I
mission. I would vote for a minister resident. I
We send a minister resident to Constantinople, the 1
city of the Turk; and also to the Heathen in the
Eastern seas and China. This we do totally irre-
spective of religious differences, and almost purely
from considerations of commercial policy, very
little political interest being involved. I confess I
do not regard with' favor the multiplication of these
diplomatic agencies, which does look something
like making snug provision for political friends.
Without imputing any such motives in the present
case, 1 roust say that I have seen evidences of a
gradual tendency in this direction under all the Ad-
ministrations. I am desirous of checking it; arid
I do not know that I could be brought to vote in
favor of this measure at all, were it not in order to
show that I cannot be affected by any sectarian in-
fluences whatever. Of all the great principles which
lie at the foundation of our free institutions, I be-
lieve that there is none more conservative and
more essential to the security of those institutions,
than the principle of universal toleration and equal-
ity of all the churches, each being left to the volun-
tary support of its own members. History has
taught us that whenever the church becomes con-
nected with the State—without any imputation
on the principle of religion itself—corruption and
abuse of power are the result.
Again, I have always thought that the policy of
this Government in reference to some of the prin- i
cipal European missions was unwise. I would
give them more imposing effect. The represent- I
atlves abroad of this great and wealthy and pow- i
erful people ought not to stand at the tail of the 1
whole diplomatic corps of Europe.' I would give
them more consideration. The money would be
wisely spent. It would be wise policy also to
provide the material suitable to the place. But,
perhaps, in a country like ours, where party must
always have large influence, it can hardly be hoped
that such appointments will be always the most
judicious. 1 shall vote against the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEN. I hare a very few words to say
on the matter before the Senate. I shall v.ote*for
this mission, and for a minister of the highest
grade; because, if there be any reason for the
' establishment of the mission at all, it-appears to
, me that it should be of the first class. One or two
! objections have been urged against this measure;*
anyone has been, that it was intended to affect the
ballot-boxes in the United States—a conclusion
' drawn from the fact, that the head of the Govern-
i mem, to which it is proposed to send this mission,
! is a member of a particular church. That objec-
tion thus resolves itself into this: that although the
' mission be sent to a Government, yet because the
head of that Government is the member of a
! church, therefore it should not be sent. Now,
when our Constitution required us to keep our
hands off this sacred subject of religion, it simply
prohibited two things: the establishment of aState
! religion, and the persecution of any particular re-
. ligious fa'th whatever. But because the head of
the Government to which this mission is to be sent
, is the member of a church, it is argued that, there-
fore, the minister ought not to be sent.
' Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senator does not
i allude to,any remarks of mine? '
I Mr. ALLEN. No, sir. This mission has notVf-
| ing to do with the church. It is a mission to a
government, not to a priest. It is a mission to a
; government recognized as such—a terrestrial, not a
celestial government—a government kno>vn by law
' to the nations, and sustaining relations as a govern-
! ment to other nations—a government in all essential
j features, independent of the peculiarity of an eccle-
i siastic at its head. I say, then, it does not become
j us, who have no jurisdiction of this sacred subject,
to proscribe, or to attempt to proscribe, any branch
of the church whatever, or any creed or denomi-
: nation of Christians. So far as this objection
goes, I plead the Constitution in answer to it. We
\ have no right to proscribe men or a government on
account of their religious opinions. Well, then,
that objection may be set aside. What is the
i other? That there is but little commerce with the
Papal States. True, but this mission is recom-
mended by the Executive upon other than com-
mercial grounds. It is recommended upon high
political grounds—reasons which will outweigh
mere commercial considerations—reasons that will
stand good so long as there is a tongue to utter the
name of freedom in the world. The President
presents, as the first of these reasons, that the
peculiar political condition of the Papal States—a
condition in which it was impossible for him as
the head of a great government of freemen not to
sympathize if he truly represented his cnunlry-
. men. The liberation of oppressed humanity has
but commenced in Italy. A change has been pro-
' posed, the object of which is to free the oppressed,
[ and diminish the number of the starving. When
such a state of things as this is about to transpire
, in that part of the world most sacred to our classic
! recollections as well as to the Christian sympathies
j| of our whole people of every denomination, does it
I,' become us to stand here and talk about the amount
I of commerce that floats upon the Tiber, before we
expend a few thousand dollars for the establish-
: ment of this mission? There is nothing new in all
this. The idea did not originate with the Presi-
dent. It is not-fo^ the first time heard in this broad
land; nor is the policy proposed one which for the
first time meets a response in the heart of this peo-
ple. Many a year ago this government followed
the example of all other governments in the world,
: and tendered its sympathies to a people who were
struggling in the same cause. Why, sir, when-
ever an unfortunate people have been endeavoring
' to free themselves from despotic authority, and the.
effort has been crushed by force of arms, every
other despot in Europe has sent his minister with
congratulations to the successful tyrant. When,
on the other hand, the people triumph—when, as
recently in Paris, the people bear upon their shoul-
ders the shattered fragment of a throne, and con-
sume it with fire, and the model of our own Consti-
tution is selected, does it become us to stand here
and add up the difference between $4,500 and
$9,000, in order to determine whether we will stand
by and see brother despot congratulate brother des-
pot for his triumphs over the liberties of the people,
whilst we dare not offer our congratulations to the
people when they triumph over their despotic
rulers? No, sir, our Government has acted in
this matter before this day. A famous resolution
was long since moved, in obedience to Mr. Mon-
roe's recommendation, in the House of Represent-
