514
TEjl CO^fi^ES^IOHAL GLOBR
March 21,
simply a mission from this country to the first
bishop of the world; because it is only as an
ecclesiastic that the sovereign Pontiff exercises
temporal authority. The point of my objection
is, that this is a mission—not as the Senator from
Ohio supposes, to a member of a particular church;
but that it is sending a mission to a spiritual sover-
eign, who is the head of the Catholic church.
And I said, and now repeat, that the Protestant
communities of this Country will regard that step
as a great departure from the principles which have
regulated our intercourse with other nations. I
do not object to the mission because the person
to whom it is to bo' sent is a member of a particu-
lar church, or because he happens to be the head
of the Catholic church. I object to it because he
is a spiritual potentate, and there are no interests
of the United States in his dominions which re-
quire the presence of a diplomatic agent of this
country. It is on this ground that I object to the
establishment of this mission, and on that ground I
would object to a diplomatic mission to the bishop
of any church.
I agree in what was said by my friend from In-
diana, that if it be our object to testify our respect
for free institutions and republican government m
the Old World, by the establishment of a mission,
we had much better send a minister to the Swiss
Confederation. But I think my friend might have
gone still further. There is one republic, to which
the sending of a mission could not be interpreted
as evincing anything else than a sincere desire to
pay homage and respect to a republican govern-
ment. There is the little republic of San Marino,
■with its thirty square miles of territory, and seven
thousand inhabitants, which has existed as a re-
public for fourteen centuries. It is the oldest sister
that we have in the world. She was a republic
for ten centuries before this continent was discov-
ered; and if we arc disposed to go out of our way,
and send missions merely for the purpose of ex-
pressing our sympathy with the republican insti-
tutions ol'mankind, here is a case for its unexcep-
tionable exercise. Such a mission could not be
regarded in any other light than as manifesting
before the world our reverence for this small but
ancient republic.
Cut I understood the other day, if I correctly
followed the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Missouri, that he was disposed to establish
this mission in consequence of the grand associa-
tions connected with Rome. I trust that 1 can
appreciate the classic feelings of the honorable
Senator—I trust I am not altogether indifferent to
such considerations—but 1 cannot see how they
would justify us in sending a mission for the pur-
pose of testifying our resoect to the departed great-
ness of ancient Rome. 1 would suggest that the
money necessary for the establishment of such a
mission had much better be appropriated to send-
ing to Rome and defraying the expenses of some
of our young men of g.-nius, as usual without
means, who might be employed in. studying the
works of ancient art, and return to their own coun"
try accomplished painters and sculptors, able to
adorn their native land with wurks which might
exercise the most important influences in educanno-
and improving the public-taste. But I also undeiv
stood that Senator to suggest, that he would be -in
favor of making this ultimately a mission for the
whole of the Italian States. When that proposi-
tion comes before us, it may be worthy of consid-
eiation. At present, however, I do not think that
any necessity exists for the establishment of this
mission. Other gentlemen think differently, and
will, of course, govern themselves by their own
judgment.
Air. FOOTE then addressed the Senate in favor
of the mission to Rome,in a speech,of which a full
report will be given in the Appendix.
.The question was then taken on the amendment
by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Ashley, Bagby, Benton, Call
IlicJan.-on, Liv, DuuilH*, Downs, Felcli, Foote, Johnson
oi Gefflgm; ,uk1 Sloor—13. ' 11
NAY'S—Ves-is. Atcin-
Bell "
den
Green
vAVlSj iVIi'lsuj). INJlifS, PheJus. rPui'21GV Un/lf'r
wood, Upturn, and H'e,teott_i8. 1 ' y' U " r~
The amendment was therefore rejected, and,
after some further progress had been made m
amending the bill—
The Senate, on motion, adjourned.
'' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, March 21,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CLINGMANrose, he said, to make a priv-
ileged motion. He moved to reconsider the vote
of yestertfay, by which the House had instructed
'the Committee on Printing, to inquire into the ex-
pediency of printing an extra number of the Presi-
dent's message and the corresppndence of General
Scott with the Department of War, which accom-
panied it.
He wished to make a brief explanation of his
reasons for such amotion, and to justify his pre-
diction of yesterday, when he expressed his ap-
prehension that this correspondence would not be
full. Since that time he had ascertained what was
the character of this correspondence, for if it were
not full, he did not want any extra copies of it. He
had looked over that correspondence briefly since
it has been placed in the hands of the printer,
and he was sorry to say that his worst fears were
realized. He found that it was not a full state-
ment of the correspondence. He found not only
that some important letters were omitted alto-
gether, but that of some letters extracts were given
from the middle; of others, they were furnished
with the end, and in some cases they had the be-
I ginning and the end, but no middle. He had no
; doubt that those gentlemen who furnished this cor-
] respondence exercised the discretion given to them
] very honestly under the resolution of this House
; which called for it. Perhaps the resolution justi-
fied them in keeping back the documents entire,
for no doubt those gentlemen honestly thought that
by sustaining the persons now in power, they were
doing that which was important to the welfare of
this country. Anything which had the tendency
to lower the present Administration in the public
estimation, or to overthrow it, they doubtless hon-
estly thought was detrimental to the public inter-
est. That he would not pretend to dispute. Rut
he wished to call the attention of the House to this
correspondence, and to show that it was too im-
perfect to be sent to the country. There was noth-
ing in this whole correspondence that he deemed
injurious to General Scott; on the contrary, he had
no„doubt it would elevate General Scott, and plaee
him on that favorable ground on which he outfit
to stand, and on which he would stand when the
whole facts were known.
But, before he remarked on this point of the
subject, and proceeded to rail the attention of the
House to one or two important documents, he
wished to say that he had been brought to the con-
clusion at'which he had arrived, respecting the
management of this war, from a perusal of these
documents—his conclusion was, that the war had
been negligently managed by the Administration,
and that all the merit of it was due to our generals.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He desired to know whether the
Speaker considered it in order to indulge in a course
of irrelevant debate on a motion to reconsider; and
lie supposed the gentleman from North Carolina
would admit that his course of remark was irrele-
vant.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he was speaking on the
matters embraced in this correspondence and the
despatches which had passed between the depart-
ment and our generals; and this he supposed was
in order.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said the gentle-
man was discussing the manner in which the
President and the Secretary of War had managed
the war with Mexico. If, however, the whole
question was to be thrown open—if both sides
were to be heard—if the Speaker deemed it in order,
on a motion to reconsider a vote ordering the print-
ing of a certain number of copies of a certain docu-
ment, to go into a general debate, let it be so.
The SPEAKER replied, that these motions to
print and to reconsider opened the general question
embraced in the documents to be printed, but the
gentleman from North Carolina must confine him-
self to that question.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he would confine him-
self to this correspondence. Well, then, they had
here a correspondence, in compliance with a call
of this House, which purported to give the whole
of General Scott's despatches as well as the cor-
respondence of General Taylor. He was not about
to discuss the origin of this war—the House had
decided that it was unconstitutionally and unne-
cessarily begun—but he intended to advert to facta
shown by this correspondence, which, to his mind,
made it appear that this Administration had been
guilty of gross negligence in not furnishing our offi-
cers with what it had undertaken to furnish; and
he intended to comment on the manner in %vluch
General Taylor had been left in Mexico. He
knew not that the country fully understood this
matter, and he should therefore make some obser-
vations on the extraordinary course which the
department had pursued.
He would here remark, that this correspond-
ence, as furnislied by the President, which pur-
ported to be the correspondence and despatches of
General Scott, did not contain one important docu-
ment, in which was embraced the whole plan of
the campaign which General Scott went to Mex-
ico to execute. That was omitted, and for what
reason > He would here, say that, while the Ad-
ministration had pursued its miserable, contempti-
ble system in the prosecution of this war, what
had been well done bad been done by our offi-
cers and the army under their command, and the
Administration, while apparently undertaking to
furnish all the correspondence of General Scott,
knew well that it was important not to send iu
General Scott's plan of the campaign. He did not
intend to go into an examination and discussion of
these despatches at this time; but this he would
say, that if General Scott's plan had been carried
out, we should long since have seen an end of this
war. The Administration had this plan in June or
July, and if it had been carried out, we might have
had a termination of this war twelve months sooner
than we now have. But the Administration did
not think proper to adopt and to adhere to Gen-
eral Scott's plan; and yet, on looking over Gen-
eral Scott's correspondence recently, he did not
find a single' suggestion in it that had not been
verified by facts. It not only had turned out as
he told them, that if volunteers were sent out they
would die there—as they did, deprived of tents to
shelter them, as well as of other necessaries of life—
but that no onward movement could be made for
want of horses and the means of transportation.
It was only the other day that he heard a gentle-
man in the other wing of this Capitol denouncing
General Taylor, for advancing on Monterey, with
from six to eight thousand men, when he had
twenty thousand men in the valley of the Rio
Grande. Now, if the correspondence were all pub-
lished, it would be seen that the Administration
obliged him to undertake that movement, bat failed
to furnish him with horses or wagons for the trans-
portation of his troops. If General Taylor had
been furnished with proper means, he would have
captured the enemy at Monterey .without the heavy
loss he sustained, and thus have escaped the vote
of censure of this House at its last session; and
the despatches would show that through that entire
campaign General Taylor was crippled in conse-
quence of the War Department not having furnish-
ed him with the means of accomplishing all he de-
sired. But the War Department, seeing that the
contest had been so conducted by General Taylor,
with the inefficient means at his disposal, as though
resulting in a series of brilliant victories, to give
no hope of an early peace, thought proper again to
consult General Scott, who was then in this city,
and at length to take his counsel as to future oper-
ations. General Scott accordingly elaborated a
plan of campaign, which tlie Administration has
not thought proper to give to the public. In that
plan General Scott foresaw all the contingencies
which would arise.
He wished to go to Vera Cruz with 14,000 men,
and he expected to capture it in a certain time.
He then intended to march forward to Jalapa, and
]0,000 additional troops were to be furnished him
for that purpose. General Scott preferred regu-
lars for his expedition, which he was compelled to
take from General Taylor; but, after that measure
had been decided upon, the Administration hail
ample time to reinforce General Taylor, as they
promised to do, by raising his command to 10,000
men long befoie the battle of Buena Vista. It
carafe, then, with a bad grace from the Administra-
tion, or its organs and friends, to censure General
Scott and General Taylor, when they had failed to
do that which they had piomised to enable those
Generals to carry on their operations.
But after General Scott had gone to VeraCruz,
and succeeded in capturing that city, what was the
next step of this Administration ? It was an at-
