516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Hannibal, after fighting the battle of-Cannae and
•was approaching the city of Rome, found to his
dismay that*the Romans had, while retaining
means to defend themselves against him, sent
out a reinforcement at the opposite gate to one of
their generals in Spain, he expressed great amaze-
ment at the strength of a people who, while de-
fending their city against his victorious army,
could at the same time carry war into a distant
province; and, m like manner, the Whigs had been
found strong enough to conquer New Spain and
carry on a vigorous and successful war against the
enemy near this capital. When this correspondence
should be published, Mr. C. intended to say a few
things more about it, and show the people how
shamelessly it had been garbled and mutilated
"with a view to uphold the Administration.
Mr, THOMPSON, of Mississippi, here obtained
the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN said it had been his intention
to withdraw his motion before he sat down; but,
as the gentleman had got the flpor, let him go on.
Mr. THOMPSON then proceeded to observe
that this debate was wholly unexpected by him,
yet he wished to say a few words in reply to the
gentleman from North Carolina. That gentleman
had taken a very strange attitude, and seemed to
# want to place the Administration and its friends in
another, as strange. The gentleman, according to
his own showing", believed the war with Mexico
to be" unjust and unconstitutional. If so, then it
must have been an immoral and irreligious wai;.
And, though Congress had furnished the means to
carry it on, and the gentleman himself had voted
the supplies for that purpose, yet he maintained
that the Executive, in its arrangement of the troops
employed, had virtually been making war upon
one of our own generals, and would have rejoiced
to see him defeated. Could anything he conceived,
even m^the heat of party zeal, more ridiculous than
this.J That he who was, under the Constitution,
commander-in-chief of the whole military force of
the country, would rejoice to see our armies de-
feated and disgraced, while his own glory, as the
alleged author of the war, must manifestly depend
on the success of our arms! Why this attempt
to raise up the Administration against our geneials,
and set them in array against eaclnother 5 In this
attempt, advantage was taken of thegenerals them-
selves. While u was the President himself who
had called General Scott to the head of the army,
it was pretended that it had been done only to de-
stroy him. Nothing could be more ridiculous.
The gentleman alleged that the Administration
had crippled and opposed General Taylor from the
very beginning; that they had not furnished him
an adequate foice to capture Monterey, and had
refused or neglected to furnish the necessary trans-
portation. But could the gentleman have examined
into the lacts ot the case? It was true that Gen-
eral Taylor had made such a complaint m a letter
to General Games; but the moment that complaint
was known to the Admimstiation, the Quarter-
master General had been called upon to explain.
The letter of General Jcsup (a man not unknown
to this country, but who iiad won himself some
reputation by deeds with which eveiy man in the
country was familiar) was before Air. T., and he
would take the hbeny of reading some extracts
from it. It wasan interesting document, and, from
the remarks of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, Mr. T. was certain the gentleman could not
have read it.
[Hoie an extract was read from General Jesup's
letter, dated New Orleans, December 5, aile<nn<r
that li was all the fault of General Taylor himtelf9,
who got all he asked for; if he wanted more, he
should have asked for more, Ac.J
ihe gentleman from North Caiolinahad repeat-
ed m his speech whaf General Jcsup had heard as
a report on his way to New Orleans. When that
officer heard the report, he had written to the de-
partment, referring to a letter from General Taylor
of the 2d July, addiessed to the Adjutant General,
in which he stated that he must have to rely on
the country for the means of transportation, &c.
[Mr. 1\ quoted the letter.] Here General Jesup,
after making his explanation and defence, added,
that if lus statement was not deemed sufficient and
satisfactory, he demanded a coui t martial. Did the
gentleman from North Caiohna [Mi. Clingman]
desire a court maitial to settle the question whether
the Q,uartermasrer General had or had not done
ins duty to General Taylor ?' If the gentleman had
had the fairness to admit (what was no doubt the
truth) that the difficulty experienced by General
Taylor arose from the subject itself, and was in-
herent in the state of the country, he would have
done justice both to General Taylor and the Ad-
ministration. But he was not content with this.
With or without cause, he must charge the Ad-
ministration and the Executive with inefficiency.
But the explanation contained in the document
which he had just read, was so entirely full and
satisfactory, that all just and honorable minds must
admit it.
Mr. T. said he knew well how far party zeal
would sometimes drive a man who yielded himself
up to its influence. But he insisted that, if gentle-
men would be just, they must either give the credit
of the war and of the peace to both the army and
the Government, or else deny credit to either.
Why make this invidious distinction? Why must
thegenerals be lauded because they were Whigs,
and the Administration, who sent and who sus-
tained them, be condemned because they were
Democrats? General Scott told the Secretary of
War what he proposed to do, viz^ to hold the
country on this side the Sierra Madre, and remain
on the defensive, [here Mr. T. quoted the letter,]
adding that it would be the policy of the enemy
to cut our lines of military defences.
Now, here was the sum and substance of the
instructions of the department to General Scott:
You must provide sufficient force to enable General
Taylor to hold this side of the Sierra Madre, and
the other troops are at your disposal to operate on
the Gulf coast, especially at Vera Cruz.
He next read from the letter of General Scott to
General Taylor, informing him (General T.) that
he was obliged to take from him a large portion of
the troops he had so long commanded; that only
sufficient force would be left him for the present to
act on the defensive, &c. This? sufficient force was
provided for General Taylor to remain on the de-
fensive, General Scott being auihotized to deter-
mine that question—for the Secretary himself said
no positive directions would be given touching the
number of forces to be left at these respective
points, and that General Scott himself must deter-
mine that question; yet, strange to say, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina intimated most broad-
ly that the troops weie vvithdiawn from General
Taylor that he mi^ht be defeated.
Mr. CjLINGMAN (the floor being yielded) said
he had not intimated any such thing. He had said
that they were withdrawn from General Taylor
by orders of the department^ and they undertook
to supply him with other troops in their place, but
neglected to do it.
Mr. THOMPSON (resuming) said that remind-
ed him of one point. As the gentleman from North
Carolina was not a member of the last Congress,
he would not therefore be held responsible, but his
party would be held responsible for it. It was
this: why troops were not sent forward at an ear-
lier day. When General Scott left here, it was
supposed that additional troops would be sent for-
ward.
Mr. CLINGMAN (in his seat) said it was long
before that that the bill authorizing the President
to raise fifty thousand volunteers had passed.
Mr. THOMPSON replied, it was very true.
But he would like to know of the gentleman from
North Carolina, if General Scott did not desire of
the Administration ten thousand regulais, and if
he did not say that he considered regulars abso-
lutely necessary for the service?
Mr. CL1NGMAN was understood to remind
the gentleman that his party had a majority of
seventy on this floor, and could pass any measure
they had a mind to.
Mr. THOMPSON said that was very true; but
it was also true that the minority could, under the
rules, delay the passage of a bill, particularly m
the Senate, by discussion. In this House they
carried it through with the utmost promptness un-
der the previous question. In the Senate they had
n very meager majority, and it was talked wpon
nearly two months. Such was the history of the
proceedings. Who was responsible for it ?
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. T. yielding) said he
had better avail himself of this opportunity per-
haps to put himself and the country right in re°ard
to one matter. « He did not remember exactly the
day upon which the bill providing for the addi-
tional military foice passed; he thought it was
spoil the Jlih of February, 1847; but ojie thing he
did remember well, because he was then acting in
a position which made it His duty to look well mm
the matter—that the bill to raise the ten regiments
was reported to this House, he thought, on the
29th December, certainly on the very first day at
which it eould be done after the reference of the
President's message, and on the day after that
reference, it was under discussion until it passed
in this House and the other. The bill was pre-
pared in anticipation of the reference of the Presi-
dent's message; and he would take occasion, as it
was perhaps his duty to do, to say, in behalf of
the Committee on Military Affairs, that every effort
was made by them, especially by himself, as chair-
man of the committee, to press it to final action as
soon as possible. Many motions were made by
himself, as the chairman of that, committee, for
that purpose, and they did obtain action upon it
m this House, as~ well as the other, as soon as the
Opposition would let them have it.
Mr. THOMPSON (resuming) said, if this de-
lay, then, was occasioned by the action of Con-
gress, apart from the responsibility of one party
or the other, (for he did not care to make a party
speech,) could the Administration be responsible?
At the time the troops were required, the Admin-
istration urged that they should he raised at the
very earliest period. There was not a member of
the House, not a man in the country, but knew
tlfat aetion, action, was called for by the depart-
ment—that they desired early and immediate action
by Congress. • General Scott at that time, and
General Taylor, so far as he knew, believed that
there was a sufficient force left for .the army to
remain on the defensive, and he (General Scott)
thought he had a sufficient force to go forward to
Vera Cruz and attack that place; and the result
showed that his calculations did not deceive him.
And here he would say, that he was struck with
the remarks of the gentleman from North Carolina"
[Mr. Clsngman] upon what he [Mr. C.] supposed
was Mr. Benton's opinion upon the attack of
Vera Cruz. He would like to know by wh'at
authority the gentleman spoke. So far as he (Mr.
T.) understood Col. Bestow, the gentleman had
misrepresented him totally—entirely—this morn-
ing. Whether Mr. Benton's opinion was a matter
of moment or not 
Mr. CLINGMAN interposed, and (Mr. T.
yielding) said he had referred to JVlr. Benton's
speech on the.Lieutenant General.
Mr. THOMPSON said he supposed the gentle-
man had no other authority than Mr. Benton's
speeches. He knew that his (Mr. B.'s) view
was, that it was not necessary to attack that strong
castle; that we could go into the interior, and that
Vera Cruz would fall necessarily; that it was not
necessary to make a direct attack upon it from the
seacoast. But the gentleman from North Carolina
totally misrepresented the fact in saying that Gen-
eral Scott had been sent down .there on a fool's
errand, with a small, inferior force, to be cut up,
and, if it was cut up, the Administration would
say, "Why, General Scott went down there by -
his own choice, and if he fails, he fails as the result
of responsibility assumed by himself." Not so.
The responsibility was shared both by the Admin-
istration and General Scott. He believed he could
carry that strong castle with the force 'furnished;
the Administration told him to go forward; he did
go forward, and succeeded; the event justified the
calculation. Did the gentleman, or anybody, sup-
pose that this Administration would have been
satisfied to allow General Scott to *go upon that
expedition, unless they had been convinced like-
wise that he could succeed in it?
The gentleman from North Carolina said there
had been a bad disposition manifested on the pait
of the Administration throughout the war towards
General Scott and General Taylor. He (Mr. T.)
said there had been no such disposition; that the
whole correspondence showed the utmost kindness
on their part towards these individuals; and this
effort to get up an opposition between the Admin-
istration and the Generals was made for the ex-
press purpose of benefiting the party of those men
who were opposed to the'war, being great friends
of those who had fought in an unjust cause! Why
say that these Generals had gained glorious laurels
for themselves and their country, when, at the
same time, the individuals who made that declara-
tion said that they had been fighting in an unjust
and unholy cause ?
This brought him to the course of the gentleman-
