1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
from North Carolina himself, who had been in a
perfect state of feverish anxiety to get hold of this
correspondence. Although it had been called for
by resolution, although the document was large,
the gentleman had for the last five or six- days been
troubling the House with attempts to suspend the
rules, upon every occasion when he could possibly
introduce his motion, that he might submit and
have passed a resolution inquiring why it had not
been-sent in. As soon as it was sent in—with no
portion whatever garbled, as the gentleman him-
self must be convinced—the gentleman had looked
at it; he (Mr. T.) had not-, but he ventured the
assertion that not one single sentence had been
stricken out but that which related to the court of
inquiry now going on-, he had not seen the docu-
ment, or talked with any of the heads "of depart-
ments about it, but he ventured to say that the fact
was so. But.-now that it was sent in, the gentle-
•man continued to exhibit his feverish anxiety to
know why the Administration had not sent in
something more; and, lo and behold! he was
against the printing; or, if it was printed, he
seemed to want to have his notes and comments
go out to the country as a part and parcel of the
correspondence, and to consider that they, were
just as important as any part of it! Now, he
(Mr. T.) had no doubt but the people would be
able to digest these reports, and that, too^ without
the speech of the honorable gentleman going along
with it.
He had been struck with the gentleman's dispo-
sition this -morning. On yesterday he could^say
nothing. But since he had looked through the cor-
respondence, he said there were garbled statements;
that some provisions had been stricken out; and
this morning the gentleman had moved to recon-
sider the printing, to enable him to make his speech;
and, moreover, after ho had finished, he had with-
drawn his motion; thus indicating that he wanted
his own comments to go to the country; that he
wanted to create suspicion on the part of-the peo-
ple that there had been some injustice done—that
there had been some impropriety committed bv the
Administration, without allowing any word ot ex-
planation to be made on the other side.
These remarks he had made unexpectedly; but
he thought he had shown there was something ex-
traordinary in th^-course of the gentleman, that he
should privately examine the documents, and then,
fearing that they should go out to the country with-
out his comments, should roundly, boldly declare
that the Administration had no grateful feelings, but
were desirous lo ruin the generals who had con-
ducted the campaign. It was unworthy of the nigh
and proper oourwj which should be ptusueil on the
floor of Congress. Let them do justice to all; let
them deal fairly, equally with nil, and let the coun-
try decide. •
Mr. HASKELL 8ttid he should favor the motion
of the gentleman from North Carolina to reconsidei,
for the purpose of having this.document prinied
entire when it was circulated m the country. I lie
best, the most authentic history of this war, was to
be found upon the public records, and when those
records were all puiilished and sent to the country
entire, then alone would this country be able to
judge properly and corrcctly to decide upon the con-
duct of the Executive. He was firmly convinced,
from what lie hud seen, from what he had heard,
and from what he had read in reference to the con-
duct of this war, that it had been characterized by
a series of Executive blunders, from the very mo-
ment the order wi? first given to General Taylor
to march to the Rio Grande up to the present; and
he was firmly of the opinion that the protracted
character of this campaign hud grown entirely out
of miscalculation, misapprehension on the part of
the Executive in reference to the character of the
foe with whom we were contending.
Could any reasonable man believe that the Presi-
dent of (he United Stales.would have ever ordered
General Taylor to break up his camp at Corpus
Christi and to advance with his meager force to the
banks of the Rio Grande, if he had believed that
the enemy would have been there to meet him so
promptly and with such a force? From the time
this war commenced the President had been labor-
in" under the idea that our army had to meet a foe
too insignificant almost for American valor to con-
tend with, and had very evidently belie\ed that he
could bully, threaten, intimidate, Mexico into peace
at any time he desired. It was with this misap-
prehension that he had ordered the advance of the
army to the banks of the Rio Grande. The Pres-
ident believed, as Mr. Slidell had informed him 111
one of his despatches fro.m Mexico, that the ap-
pearance simply of a formidable force on the banks
of the Rio Grande would be sufficient to intimidate
the enemy to terms. The President had calculated
without his host,and had found that mere bravado,
intimidation, bullying, and threats, were not suffi-
cient to awe a people into subjection who had their
firesides and their homes to defend. So far from
being intimidated into peace, the enemy met our
forces, crossed the river, and gave them battle upon
ground where the President had supposed our
army would rest undisturbed. When the battles of
Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma occurred, it was
then believed by the President, and the party of
which he was the head, and by the great body of
the people, that peace would follow—that this man-
ifestation of American valor, this proof of Ameri-
can prowess, would be sufficient to bring about a
peace. But here" again the President, with that
want of forecast which had characterized him from
the commencement of the campaign to the present
moment, had most grievously miscalculated. His
object was to show that the protracted character of
this campaign had been the fault of the Kxecutive,
in his want of foresight, and, it being so, that he
was properly responsible to the country for it.
The battles of Palo Alto and Rpsaca did not
bring with them peace. It was necessary to in-
vade the territory of the enemy still further,'to pen-
etrate into the interior, and endeavor to conquer a
peace, and at the same time to wrest from him his
territory. Now, when it became apparent that
General Taylor would have to proceed into the in-
terior of the country, and the battle of Monterey
was to be fought, he charged upon the Executive
that he had totally failed to supply the General who
headed his troops with transportation and the sup-
plies necessary for the successful prosecution of
the war. He (Mr. II.) was on the banks of the
Rio Grande at that time. He knew that General
Taylor, when he marched from Camargo to Mon-
terey, if he had had sufficient transportation, could
have taken with him more troops, more supplies,
more munitions. He was compelled to move from
Camargo in tlii3 crippled condition, and lo assail
Monterey with n force inadequate to the work to
be performed. The battle of Monterey was a dear-
bought victory—one which came near not being one
at all; and if General Taylor had had with him
more artillery, more men, there would have, been
110 necessity, for a capitulation; and, instead of #
surrender of the enemy, and their marching out
with the honois of war, lie might have captured
the whole of them, and done much to conquer a
peace by crippling the power of the enemy.
He charged this partial captnie, this half victory
of Monterey, if he might so term it, upon the want
of foresight, the want of proper wisdom on the part
of the Executive, in not furnishing General Tay-
lor with the means and munitions necessary to ac-
complish the object.
" Well, after Monterey fell, after that victory was
heralded upon the wings of the wind, and the ex-
ultation and joy with which it was received in the
United States was manifested, the President of the
United States, still further mistaking the character
of the people of Mexico, was ready to rest quietly
and persuade himself into the belief that the work
was accomplished, and that there was no further
necessity for the vigorous prosecution of the war.
He believed that the"Mexican nation was humbled;
and it was for this reason, on account of this opin-
ion of the Piesident of the United States, that Gen-
eral Taylor was left at Saltillo with such an inad-
equate force as he there commanded. He could
not find it in his heart to believe that the President
of the United States cherished the inhuman pur-
pose of subjecting General Taylor and his brave
army to butchery. The thought was too horrible
to be conceived, much less to be harbored and ex-
pressed. He believed the reason why General
Taylor was not belter supplied with men, why
there were not more reinforcements on his line than
there were, grew out of the want of forecast and of
prudence on the part of the President; because he
believed he had already conquered the enemy.
General Taylor's troops were withdrawn, his reg-
ulars were all taken from him; he was lclt with a
handful of men at Monterey and Saltillo; and if it
had not been for the indomitable courage, the un-
I wavering determination, and all the glorious quali-
■ ties that make a soldier which adorned that old
man, disaster would have followed, and lamenta-
tion and wo would have been the wail of the entire
country. What the mismanagement, whattheim-
becility, what the want of foresight on the part of the
President of the United States, had come well nigh
producing—that was, disaster and ruin—the ster-
ling qualities and glorious character of thatold hero
retrieved and madeglorious. He saved thecountry.
He fought not only an enemy who were rallied
and animated to desperate resistance by a leader
who had been imported into the country by otir
Executive; but he encountered a fire in the rear;
he fought ihe Executive of the United States and
Santa Anna in one and the same battle, and de-
feated them both!
Well, after the signal victory on the ever-mem-
orable field of Buenu Vista, the President of the
United States, and,those who believed with him,
again got into their heads the hope, nay the belief,
that the work Was done—that a peace had been
conquered. Still it^ took hut a very little to show
that pence was not yet. The expedition against
Vera Cruz was carried out. It fell, and the castle
of San Juan dc Ulua was taken. This fall and
capture, in the admirable manner in which it was
performed, was attributable, he was free to confess,
almost entirely to the great military spirit and sound
judgment of General Scott.
But after the capture of Vera Cruz, the President
of the United States once more deceived himself
with the hope that, inasmuch as he had got pos-
session of the key which unlocked the interior of
that whole empiie, the woik was accomplished,
and a speedy peace would follow. And it was
because of this belief, he was firmly convinced,
that jrrf.v the hesitancy and the failure to furnish
lbi lliwilb to General Scott the menus of transport-
ation necessary to enable him to push his victory
into the heart of the country.
After every movement, the President, it seemed,
had been ready lo fold his hands until Mexico cried
for quarters. With the iron determination of the
Spaniards, mixed up with the savage ferocity of
the Indians, the Mexicans evinced a stubbornness
and obstinacy which no other nation had ever in-
stanced . They believed that they were the great-
est soldiers in the world, and that the combined
armies of the globe would never be able to wrest
from tliem their territory, or tread the halls of the
Montezumas. Mr. Polk should have known this.
He should have had mind enough, or those who
counselled him, to have known something of the
diameter of the enemy, and'made proper provisii-i
for the execution of the war. The battle of Buena
Vista preceded the fall of Vera Cruz but in cry few
days; ami if General Scott had been provided at the
moment with Hiiflich n! supplies of liansportation,
and with the ability to get along with an adequate
force, he could have moved forward from^Vera
Cruz instantly; he could have passed Ceiro Gordo
without a battle, and entcied the gates of Mexico
hcfoie her army could ha\e lalhed; because, at
this particular time, Santa Anna had not time to
have reached Vera Cruz fi om 13 u en a Vista, to have
defended the eastleofSaii .Tuan.or to have located
himself along the. route to Mexico, to wait for Gen-
eral Scott. If they could have moved from Vera
Cruz, they could have passed Cerro Gordo; hu t this
Administration, by its want of energy, crippled the
army, and afforded aid and comfort to the enemy,
by enabling tliCm to meet us at Cerro Gordo.
Wi.'ll, General Scott bioke up his camp at \ era
Cruz, matched to Ceiro Gordo, fought the enemy
theie, and, with a skill and military science which
has probably never been excelled by liwng man,
he conquered. The defeat at Cerro Gordo was a
total rout. There was not a remnant of the enemy
left to make a stand against ouraimy. They were
dispersed,|driven meverydirection in despondency,
overcome with the overwhelming defeat and dis-
aster which had attended their footsteps. Mexico
was at that moment a ready prey for our army, it
Geneial Scott had been permitted l° adv?"C®;
What was his condition? There was Mex c
that moment without an army
making any, even a iesf
advance into the city of.
Scott was unable to moi
from the fielfl of battle
transportation had been ]
not got them. The term
rs was about to exr-,
istiation had used ordinary diligence, lie could have
-without means of
ZHngeny, e^en a"."e^le oppj^on «o o.„
advance into the city of Mexico; and ye Gene at
Scott was unable tc-move more than ^fif.en miles
from the fieltl of batt e. J ^ but he had
ransportation had^been p mom]ig,
KOt lout I™xpire; and if the Admin-
isuation had used ordinary diligence, he could have
taken the city of Mexico before its expiration.
