1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
519
Carolina would find nothing in all that was done
at Cerro Gordo, or in any of the battles that fol-
lowed, more beautiful or better worthy of contem-
plation than the moral courage of Duncan, who
had been reproachfully spoken of as " Worth's
pet." It was Duncan's battery which gave bril-
liancy to the whole campaign on the Rio Grande;
his was a corps which had never known defeat.
Many of those who were General Scott's strongest
admirers had considered it undignified and even
disgusting to call Duncan a pet; and it was the re-
currence of such things on the part of that com-
mander, which, appearing in this correspondence,
was calculated'to present him'unfavorably before
the country. It was these weaknesses of temper,
which must make General Scott weak as a Presi-
dential candidate, in the minds of men of sense and
reflection. There was so much in this correspond-
ence akin to the famous letter thai contained the
" plate of soup," that it was calculated to present
General Scott unfavorably, considered as a rnnn,
though not as a soldier.
And now Mr. McL. referred to o. despatch which
enabled him to say to the House that General
Scott had been neither arrested nor disgraced. He
then alluded to a despatch written after the famous
.soup letter, in which he begged the President to
give him command of the army, from which it ap-
peared that the little sources of irritation which had
so much vexed him were, nevertheless, not suffi-
cient to prevent him from asking to ffo to Mexico
and take General Taylor's command. He wrote
this on the 12th of September. Whathad induced
him to seek such a trust? The causes were ob-
vious. General Scott was a man of ability and a
man of ambition, and he wished to go to the held
to seek distinction there. This was all right, I«or
this no man would pretend to censure him. lie
was a mon of military expedience, too, and mili-
tary science, and he nn^ht think it duo to his past
services. This, too, was all right. But General
Scott was a man of irritable temper, and tins
all must admit. Who, for example, now thought
the Government to have been wrong in the famous
jsaup case? No man, he believed, out of that
Jiouse. In another letter, General Scott had antici-
* p&ted that he would take the city of Mexico, but as
soon as he got there he supposed ho should be sus-
pended. Mr. MeL. presumed that the gentleman
, from North Carolina would not contend that this
was dignified or proper language. A.fier that came
another despatch, which showed the same irrita-
bility, producing a conflict with his bosom friend
and old companion in arms. On the ground of a
mere anonymous letter, compiled at Pittsburg, of
various fragments of other correspondence, lie Ilew
out against his former friend, nnd wrote that i;en-
<?ral order about the "net, famiiiais;n thus attack-
ing one of the most gallant men that ever entered
u field, as was his friend and compeer Duncan, hut
bravo as General Worth might be, and Donioet;it
tts ho was, Mr. Mel.,. did not want lutn as a can-
didate. , ...
[A voice: " His democracy will not hurt him. J
Mr. CL1NGMAN tignm obtained the floor, and
observed that he had not risen to make a speech,
nor did he purpose to dclahi the House over five
minutes. He had attained the object for which
he had moved the reconsideration, by bringing tho^
attention of the House to the garbled condition of
the. despatches it was now proposed to print.
Mr. lNGIi rose to order, contending that Mr.
Cj.ingman, having spoken once, was not entitled
to the floor.
- The CHAIR said this was true, if any other
gentleman wished to speak, and claimed the lloor
when he rose.
Mr. 1NGK said he claimed it.
The CHAIR replied that he should have done
so in time, then- INo one having claimed it when
the gentleman from North Carolina rose, the floor
had been assigned to him in pursuance ol the uni-
form practice of the House.
Mr. CJIjINGMAN went on to say that the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Mel.ask] misunder-
stood him. He had said that one very important
document in the correspondence of General Scott
witli tiic depaitmcnt, in which he had laid down
his plan of "the camnaign, was wholly omitted in
what had been transmuted to the House. The
gentleman said that General Scott had been willing
to go to the attack of Vera Cruz with 110 more
than JO,000 men. But Mr. C. had shown that
though this was true, General Scott had had the
promise that when he got there he should receive
a*reinforcement of 10,000 niore, which promise
was not kept. As to the general order to which
the gentleman had alluded, it had already been
paraded through the country, because it was be-
lieved that it might operate to injure General Sseott;
but he had justly complained that the Government
had not given him the whole force which it had
promised him. The gentleman had pronounced a
long and htbored eulogy on General Worth. Mr.
C. had no wish or intention to detract in the slight-
est degree from the fame of that brave officer; but
he thought there was nothing in the affair between
them that detracted aught from the just reputation
and standing of General Scott. In his second
order, he declared that in the first he had alluded
to "the author of the Leonidas letter;" and for
this the Administration had taken the side of Gen-
eral Worth, liberated him from arrest, and arrested
General Scott, and were going to try him.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Jacob
Thompson] had said that the President had fuV-
nished all the correspondence for which they had
asked, except what was included it* the proceed-
ings of the court of inquiry. But for what had this
court of inquiry been got up? If General Scott
.had not always been very prudent in his despatch-
es—if he had not employed such exactly meas-
ured language as he might have selected—if he
had said something about "a pruriency of fame
not earned"—was this a sufficient reason'for his
arrest? Was the court created to try him for an
offence against the rules of grammar?
The gentleman had accused him of a purpose to
injure General Taylor. Mr. C. utteily disclaimed
it. It'was true, he had made no argument in de-
fence of General Taylor, because he had many
and able friends on that floor, who had already
spoken in his behalf with an eloquence which Mr.
C. could never hope to emulate or equal; and the
public had already passed upon the case, and given
judgment in his favor. So far from seeking to
derogate in the smallest degree from the well-
earned fame of that glorious old soldier, he had
felt his heart swell with exultation at the just
plaudits his merits had received. There was no
man whom he estimated higher as a military man
or as a gentleman. Hut ho did not mean to see
Genoval Scott treated in this way, and Bit fcilent.
Why was this court of inquiry ordered upon him?
Worth had been found to bo in the wrong, and
Scott in tho right; yet Worth was liberated, and
Scott arrested.
Mr. C. did not understand what the gentleman
meant about Presidential candidates, and not want-
ing Worth as one. Tho gentleman .seemed to have
the faculty of seeing candidates tor the Presidency
spritigmi; up every whei o. He appeared also greatly
to fear tins Western Reserve. jNow Mr. C. liked
the name. Ills own district in JN'orth Carolina
was called the Western Reserve, and for his own
part he liked tho Whig voters in tho Western Ite-
serve of Ohio, though there wore snme things in
which ho could never agree with his friend near
him, [Mr. Root.| Tho gentleman from Mary-
land need not give himself so much uneasiness on
behalf of the W big party and the Whig candidate.
Anxious and fearful as the gentleman seemed to be
lest the Whigs should not be able to agree among
themselves, he would find that the Whigs would
manage to unite on a candidate. Much as they
might differ on some points, they would all rally
when it came to tho point. Meanwhile, for one,
lie should much like to know how the gentleman
from Maryland got along with his Pennsylvania
friend and others who went for the Wilmot pro-
viso ?
Mr. McLANE. We expect to beat him. [Much
laughter.] I mean to beat the Wilmot proviso.
[Increased merriment.]
Mr. CLINGMAN said lie should think that the
gentleman's friend from Pennsylvania was rather
hard to beat. He confessed that he liked to see
the sturdy independence with "which that gentle-
man stood up against those who seemed disposed
to browbeat him. He commended tho spirit and
determination with which he resisted party dicta-
tion.
Mr. McLANE said that he. never had main-
tained that Congress had the power to interfere
with the subject of slavery; and, by way of com-
promise, had proposed that the new territory to be
acquired should be divided in that respect by a
geographical line.
Mr. CLINGMAN said that" that was his doc-
trine; but the doctrine of General Cass was utterly .
at war with what had been the practice of the
Government for seventy years. Mr. C. s positron
was fully sustained by the whole action of-the
Government during that time; and he thought that
those who went into extremes on either side, in-
sisting that acquired territory must all be free or
all slave territory, were equally wrong. Mr. O.
placed himself on the ground of the Constitution
and on the uniform practice of the Government tor
sixty or seventy years-, and he ventured to P^djet
that his friend from the Western Reserve [Mr.
Root] and himself would be found perfectly umtett
in the Presidential struggle that was at hand. How
that union was to be effected he did not undertake
now to tell; but the gentleman would find that they
were united against him and his candidate.
Mr. INGE inquired of the Chair whether this
course of remark was in order ?
Mr. CLINGMAN said he knew it wag a sore
subject, and he would not distress gentlemen by
continuing it. , , , TT .
Mr. INGE thereupon moved that the House do
now adjourn; which motion prevailed.
And thereupon the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memoi ials and petitions were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. JAMESON : The petition of William K fell,
laio maislml ot' the thaUict of Mtssuun, f01 nn uct ,t r
"lly Mr. WHITE: Tlu' memorial "I "• "'.fl^nro8
instruction lor ll.e plough equal at le.fc.ttot hat "b th ,'$
vnli'it Iff Hie tioverimn'iil lor
AIm>, the memorial ot Jame* h. Ant < I, o. l .minimi to
ami utlu-!-, piiijing adequate t ompui. ation to
"'liy M^F^AT1 u'ltSTCW : The petition of John J. Ram-
«et ami 70 others, luny.iu? the e.-Mlih*hment of a mail route
t'rotn UopL'ivelt ti.Votfri-villc, m th«* State
15v iMi PHELPS: The memorial oi duties lummy,
praviii^ tiiat a Unil't draw,, by .lie  • -
of the Supoiinlendcnl ol Indian nflails.; at St.. J-o us lie p.iiu
llv Mr. HOLM US, of Now Vork : lho petition and other
mmrnv of (ienree S Ohatlin, a Mirgennt in the last war with
brent Britain, fuming great hardship ami *jnj«iucut loss
pray in" a turlher postponement of the sales mid ? '^4?"°"
If the price of lauds m the B'ea; Miami reserve m Indiana.
By Mr. PRESTON : Tim petition of Valentine Miller, oi
Monroe county, Virginia, pravm* ^p^fSy'en^n'oSi-
petilion of Andrew S. Wanv.ek and o
hontas and Randolph countie,-, pia.vm«lor the c.-ublislimtnt
"''llv Mr"  RV? CmmnoHnl of ManrVe K. Sim-
on^Jilo "tilZt department, Mexicobnt vrtio was
.TV-oral haltlesaml lo~t a leg in eoiisJiiumtc ol a
K'"li<v,i>ti"0|V|,",\Chnrlf® C. Jell. Also,
!Mke,l leave to withdraw limn tlx til.- "1 ll,« '™K~C t"t' mC~
* *■  
F ,um! "!■'«-e 1 >'«  w "ld "elUBr "f
K!AU^of . The remonstrance of cit-
izcris ol the county ot" Calhoun, Michmnn, against tht re-
luiwat of tile pk!em of Jetlno Wood .or l.u enrf-tnm plou^li
rvMrSluWEia" 'The petition of Job Clime and 421
for i l,BSo se or Jit-boat on Kill X>o.,« bar, neat
MZ°Mr VwtfliOY : The memorial of the Legislative Ag-
semllyoYfh™^
tarv reservation on the ea^t side nl tlit Mi* 1. > I I > P",
to pott of
preemption a;i«intod to the loimu s< tt p ... .n./lKteharcl
lly Mr.CHAr.M.W: The memoiul >1 Um-^ « J«™™
It. lteedin for indemnity ft)i piopeity desliojed m the war
0rilvMr.HALI>,of\ewYoik- Tl>o of EHsJia
M. Adams and 1-10 othei,, ,nhal,.t.'iiit  oi t.K• to'
New Yoik, ng:un>t the evtciiMon ot tl) - i«« - ? inhab-
Jettiro Wood. Al-O, alike remonstianee of Mindly
ItnnNof Illack Rock, in tile (iam^ mrtofhere,
mmial of Samuel N. Callendar, Almon C'inec lv termi-
eiti/.eiN of millalo, NewVoH, pmW "VVetiUon ofll
nation ot tlie. war with Mexico. Al , tnr the establish-
s,e(ih l'Veeman, James P.. and <lth Orove, in tile
meilt of tl new po;t route Iron, A! en to Mdj^t 0f'James
eoniily ol T'.rie, i\ew ^.0IK- A'"•"> nIll.ort of his claim
Sloan, of Rlack Hock, New Vork, in ra5edonia and
to HUM monov tor In < service, in taking the Caledon
Dctioit, m the war of 1810. nelllion of Fitz.
Ily Mi. K1N«,  f Massacliuseus: 1 lit P®^" & tpeci8c
W. S.iyward and W) others, ol .Woiie Uie same as
dntv on impurted lull, ntn< H'a' tl!® \t.' 0(- Kormatl Story
hy the taiiti' Of Also he Mtfmot ^ ^ ^ f
and 70 others, of Essex,-for tae « QjOUCester. AUo, the
Essex to the collection tot"f,Xrs, a committee of tlie
memorial of S. D. Robbing    - manne hospital to
town of 01>«laea, f«r the giates mar the naval lios-
the land owned bylUeumtca
asking tliat tlie Genera G., yemm<:nt .' , ttnd mat
sale «mi trafflcin P«Wi" lands in
