522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March-22,
had been the fault of a campaign like this ? In
what did the wisdom of any plan, military or civil,
consist? In the adaptation pf means to a desired
end. And this wisdom had marked the course of
the Administration. They were fully aware of the
character of the foe with whom we had to 'con-
tend, and therefore, they had not brought into the
field armies such as it would have been necessary
to call out if we had a war with one of the Eu-
ropean Powers. They had brought enough forces
to carry every point desired without any disaster.
Yet the Administration were denounced as imbe-
eife. The charge was too frivolous to demand
refutation.
Gentlemen charged on the department and the
President the withdrawal of General Taylor's
forces with a view to expose him to defeat and
disgrace. This charge was equally without foun-
dation. Gentlemen ought not to forget that it had
once been thought best to assail Vera Cruz by the
way of San Luis Potosi; but when that plan was
abandoned for the route by sea, General Taylor
was left in possession of a sufficient force to main-
tain his position- But they had been told again,
that if General Taylor had gone to the Rio Grande
with a greater force, the consequences would have
been very different. But he had gone there with
a force sufficient to repel any opposing force that
Mexico could bring against them, and the result
had proved that it was fully adequate to the object
in view.
The letter of General Jesup, which was read to
the House yesterday, was conclusive to show that
he had abundance of transportation—that he had
everything he desired in that march to Matamoros;
and if there was any fault, that fault fell upon
General Taylor. It was upon his head that those
censures fell which they had heard uttered here
yesterday. They were directed to the President,
but they fell upon General Taylor, for he was
authorized to call upon the Governors of the ad-
jacent States for sufficient forces to carry out his
objects—to drive off any forces which impeded his
progress. It was a charge directed against Gen-
eral Taylor, although ostensibly directed against
Mr. Polk; and it came from a man who was inim-
ical to General Taylor, who sought to break him j
down, whose object was to promote another dis- j
tinguished military chieftain upon the ruins of
General Taylor. That was the object, and the
only object, of the attack made yesterday; the posi-
tion of Mr. Polk repelled the assault from him and
drew it upon General Taylor.
Well, he was willing to submit to the people of
this .country the determination of the question [
raised in this discussion. He was willing that the I
people should settle the groundless charges made
yesterday upon the Executive. It was unnecessary |
for him to say any more in their refutation. The |
course of the whig party upon the question of the |
Mexican war would have been a matter of surprise
if they were not compelled to attribute it to the
necessity of their situation. It was well known,
that when the question of Texas annexation was
first presented to the country by tlie Tyler treaty,
it was not a party question. U was proclaimed
everywhere to be a great American question—a
question which overrode all party considerations.
But that treaty was rejected by the American Sen-
ate. When that rejection occurred, the people of
the United States took the question into their own
hands. There was a general response of disap-
probation at the rejection of the treaty. The popu-
lar vojcc demanded the annexation of Texas.
Well, it was not supposed that the annexation of
Texas would flfrm an issue in the contest of 1844.
But Mr. Clay, m his Raleigh letter, came out
against annexation, and took the ground, that the
annexation of Texas would be the annexation of
a war with Mexico; that Mexico had claims upon
Texas. Now, the claims of Mexico upon Texas
had been forgotten by that Government. They
were icvivcd by Mr. Clay in his Raleigh letter,
and in timt way the annexation of Texas became
a party question in the contest of 1844. That
measure was announced by the Baltimore Conven-
tion in ld44, as a part of the Democratic creed,
and exercised, he ventured to say, a more poten-
tial influence in that canvass than any other ques-
tion. The Whigs opposed it, and held, that to
annex Texas would be to annex a war with
Mexico. The Democrats held that Texas was a
free and independent republic. He briefly referred
to the leading facts in the history of the Texas
revolution, to show that it was complete and suc-
cessful,and mentioned the fact of the independence
of Texas having been recognized by our own Gov-
ernment, as well as by the leading governments of
Europe. Being independent, she had a right to
admission into this Union; and the people, sustain-
ing the Democratic party, decided that she should
be°annexed. Congress passed resolutions, accord-
•ingly, for the annexation, notwithstanding the
claim which Mexico saw fit to renew, although
(he said) her offer, during the very session of Con-
gress in which these resolutions were passed, to
recognize the independence of Texas on the condi-
tion that she would not annex herself to the United
States, was, in fact, a surrender of her claims, and
a complete recognition of her independence. The
American people decided rightly, upon all the facts
being presented to them, after the most elaborate
discussion on both sides, in favor of the annex-
ation.
He had "remarked, that these stale claims of
Mexico were revived by the Raleigh letter of Mr.
Clay, and the course taken on that question by the
Whig party. He further declared, that the posi-
tion taken by the Whig party on that question
was the germ of the Mexican war. If there had
been Unanimity on the part of the people of this
country on the question of annexation; if it had
not been made a party question, Mexico never
would have revived the claims upon Texas which
she had abandoned, and we should have had a
peaceful annexation of Texas; we might have re-
covered, in a legitimate, lawful, arid peaceful man-
nei, that province which wethiew from us by tfie
treaty of 1819, and had restored to us a people
who were kindred to us in sympathy, who had the
same views of popular government, and who were
worthy, in every point of view, of belonging to
i this Confederacy.
| The foundation for this war having thus been
| laid by the course pursued by the Whig party of
: the country, upon the question of annexation, it
| was this party who should justly be held respon-
I sible for having involved the country in war. If
, there was anything wrong in the war, it rested
l upon them, for they produced the incipient causes
! of it.
Congress, then, having provided by the joint
resolutions of March, 384f), for the. admission of
j Texas into the American Confederacy, those reso-
lutions were submitted for her acceptance; in her
convention, she accepted the terms proposed, and
the agreement having been ratified by the subse-
quent Congress, she became fully incorporated
nito our Union. Upon the passage of these reso-
lutions by Congress, it would be remembered the
Mexican minister, then resident here, demanded
his passports, and returned to his own country,
"proclaiming that the annexation of Texas was
cause of war, in accordance with the position taken
by the Whig party in the canvass of 1844. Their
minister declared, that by the annexation, our Gov-
ernment had placed themselves virtually at war
with the Government of Mcxico, and that Mexi-
co would immediately assert her rights by force of
arms; that Texas must be invaded," and the con-
quering standard of Mexico must be planted on
the banks of the Sabine. Mexico claimed the
whole of Texas; she never confined her prctcnces
to any intermediate territory.
What, then, was the duty of the Executive of the
United States, after Texas had assented to our
terms, and was virtually in the Union? An inva-
sion was threatened; it was known that an army
was collecting in Mexico for the invasion of Texas;
that by annexation, she had excited the increased
enmity of Mexico. Was it not the duty of the
President, then, under these circumstances—-was
he not bound by his constitutional oath, to pro-
tect that country from invasion? By the act of
annexation, she had placed herself under our juris-
diction. She had the right to demand protection
of the Federal Government., An invasion thus
being threatened, the President did send our army
into Texas. He selected General Taylor to com-
mand that army, and directed him to take up a
position in Texas to protect that country/rom in-
vasion, instructing him at the same tim& to pursue
a pacific course, to do nothing which would pro-
voke hostilities between the two nations. In doing
this, he did no more than he was bound to do—no
more than it was his right not only, but his abso-
lute obligation, to do. Our army lemained at Cor-
pus Chnsti, until the Administration was advised
by the commanding general to order its advance to ;
the banks of the Rio Grande, under the impres-
sion that a display of our military force would tend ;
to prevent the collision between the two nations
which was threatened. It was the impression of ,
General Taylor that this advance of the army
would tend to peace—that it would tend to accom-
plish the earnest desire of the President for the
settlement of the existing difficulties between tlie
two nations, especially to the recognition of the
Rio Grande as a boundary, which was claimed by
Texas-when she came into this Confederacy.
An argument had been made from analogy
against.the course of this Administration in direct-
ing the march of the army to -the Rio Grande.
They had been referred to the Oregon question,
and asked why the Executive did not order the
army to march to the line of 54° 40' ?. Why, the
men who made this charge forgot the history and
circumstances of the Oregon question; they forgot
that that territory was jointly occupied under treaty
stipulations by the two Powers who claimed it.
And they forgot further that we had no population
there to protect. Now, the object in marching the
army from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande was
to protect the people of Texas from invasion. This
Oregon question, therefore, bore no analogy to the
question of the annexation of Texas. They were
wholly dissimilar in all their circumstances. Why,
he would be inclined to think, if he*did not know
the contrary, that the gentlemen who made this
argument were 54° 40' men themselves—that the
gentleman from Florida [Mr. Cabell] was, who
seemed to censure the course of the President for
not marching the army up to the line of 54° 40'.
They had been told yesterday that if General
Taylor had been provided with a sufficient force ^
the war would have been terminated upon the
banks of the Rio Grande; and that the protraction
of the war was attributable to the inadequacy in
General Taylor's force and the force that marched
to the column of General Scott. But he contended
that we must look for the cause of the continuance
of the war elsewhere—to causes which were obvi-
ous, and which were recognized by the country;
to the course pursued by the partisans of the Whig
party in reference to the war. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Haskell] had enlightened
the House with his views of constitution law, and
had made his exposition of the vote of the House
given some time ago in refcrcncc to the causcs of
the war. The gentleman might be a very good
fighter: he had acquired some fame at Cerro Gordo;
he had passed through that battle he (Mr. I.) be-
lieved unscathed,* but still there were some remark-
able incidents connected with that battle which
would give the gentleman fame before the coun-
try. He (Mr. I.) believed it was said by a dis-
tinguished officer who commanded at Cerro Gordo
that the gentleman from Tennessee at least lost his
hat upon that occasion 
The SPEAKER here interposed, and said he
must call the gentleman to order.
Mr. INGE (continuing) said he was going on to
remark, that however good a fighter the gentleman
might be, he had a great objection to 
Mr. HASKELL rose inquiringly, and said he
did not hear the remark which the gentleman had
made.
Mr. INGE observed that the Speaker had pro-
nounced it out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma will proceed in order.
Mr. INGE (Mr. H. still retaining his position
upTm the floor) said he had no objection to pro- .
ceeding in the remarks he had made, and in fur-
ther remarks, if he was not called to order.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair must insist upon
the observance of the rules of the House.
Mr. INGE (resuming) said he was at liberty at
least to comment upon the gentleman's legal and
constitutional opinions as delivered here yesterday.
He then proceeded to read .an extract or two from
the report of Mr. Haskell's remarks of yesterday,
contained in the^ntelligencer of this morning:
" He (Mr. II.) could f-peak for tlie Wing paity who were
oppo-ed ro Mo war whue h« lived ; ho could ppoak, too, for
the Wings of the South on that subject; and for him?elf and
for tixeni he denied that they had ever characterized it as an
unjust war."
The gentleman (said Mr. J.) extended his decla-
ration too far. He knew something of the opinion
of the Whigs of the South, and he knew that they
did not concur with jhe gentleman in his own
