1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
priate share of the public business, and each report
the bilks which belonged to its own department. If
further legislation was demanded by the state of
these tribes, it was for the Indian Committee, and
not for the Finance Committee of the House, to
report that necessity, and prepare the proper bills
to meet it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, wished to say
one word, though not on the matter immediately
before the committee. He could not spe, for one,
with what propriety a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means applied to a member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs to kngw whether a
certain appropriation was or was not needed for a
.certain tribe. That committee never applied to the
Indian Committee for any information before re-
porting the items for annuity. They never asked
that committee whether the.treaties provided for
. were still in force. On the contrary, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had assumed to itself, as
Us own exclusive prerogative, the reporting of ap-
propriations for all moneys to be expended by the
House, and left to the Committee on Indian Affairs
nothing more than a few Indian claims. He con-
tended that that committee shduld exercise a gen-
- eral jurisdiction over all the affairs of our Indian
tribes, and that all appropriations for the fulfillment
of Indian treaties should, in the first place, be sub-
mitted to its revision. Such had formerly been
"the practice; for what reason it had been discontin-
ued, he could not understand.
Mr. VINTON said, that if the estimates from
tlje department, t5 comply with Indian treaties, had
been sent by the Executive 'to the Committee on
Indiun Affairs, it would, no doubt, be the duty of
that committee to report appropriations for these
objects; but it did,so happen that these estimates
were sent to the Committee of Ways and Means,
in order that that committee might report the ap-
propriations to fulfill our public engagements. That
committee had looked only to the treaties, and if
they there found the Government was bound to
pay a certain sum, they reported appropriations
accordingly. Fuither than this, it was not their
province to look; and as the estimates were sent
them from the departments, so the House was in
the habit of referring to them all matters requiring
an appropriation of money. If there was any fault
in this, it lay not' with the committee, but with the
House.
Mr. THOMPSON replied, if so, then withwhat
propriety did the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Vinton] call upon his
colleague [Mr. Giddings] for information in rela-
tion to appropriations for an Indian tribe? Were
the Committeeon Indian Affairs responsible? They
were never inquired of exc< pt about Indian claims.
Mr. VINTON said they did not require to be in
relation to Indian annuities, because these were
stipulated by treaty. Would the gentleman have
the committee go back to the treaties and inquire
whether they had been rightly made? Must ihey
go to the President and ask whether certain Indian
tribes were now peaceable or not? And must they
know this before they reported an appropriation to
pay annuities stipulated by law? He put it to the
gentleman to answer. Had that committee any-
thing whatever to do with the question whether
certain Indians were quarrelling or not?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that he considered it
the duty of the Committeeon Indian Affairs to re-
view the whole policy of the Government in rela-
tion to the Indian tribes; but as things* stood, the
whole landed relations of this Government, as well
as its whole Indian relations, were thrown as a
matter of course before the Committee of Ways
and Means. If the Indian Committee were suffer-
ed to exercise its proper jurisdiction, they might
find it necessary on examination to take a portion of
the annuity of one tribe and give it to another. It
was known that among the Creeks there were three
distinct parties, each of whom claimed the entire
annuity of the tribe. Who so proper to examine
and decide on these conflicting claims as the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs? But how could they re-
port in relation to an appropriation which never
had been referred to them ?
Mr. VliVTON said that he had already contend-
ed that the Committee of Ways and Means had
nothing to do with the quarrels of the Indians, and
lie agreed with the gentleman from Mississippi
that if any inquiry was necessary on those subjects
it appertained to the Indian Committee. Such in-
quiries constituted their appropiiate duty. But a
member of that committee had been again and
again inquiring of him for information about facts
which neither he nor his comfnittee had anything
to do with* They dealt with the estimates and the
treaties, and neither said anything about Indian
quarrels.
Mr. THOMPSON said he WEs not-finding any
fault with, the Committee of Ways and Means;
he east no censure upon them, but he thought the
existing usage was wrong and ought to be altered.
He thought the practice in the House ought to
conform to that in the Senate, where all subjects
touching Indians were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. But here Indfon appropriations
were reported, on which the Indian Committee had
never been consulted at all. The chairman had
not inquired of their committee whether any
changes had taken place in the state of the tribes
calling for a change of appropriations. The com"
mittee were taken by surprise, and they found
several items omitted iri this bill which ought to
be in it, and which they should have suggested if
they had been consulted before the bill had been
reported. There was the question in relation to
the Texas Indians; there was not a word about
them in the bill. That whole subject belonged
appropriately to the Indian Committee, but no
previous notice had been given them.
Mr. EVANS was understood to say that the
rules of the House did not distinctly specify what
duty the Committee on Indian Affairs was to per-
form, and also that there existed no ground of
complaint against the Committee of.Ways and
Means, but he was very imperfectly heard.
Mr. McKAY could not but consider the remarks
of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son] as of a vtjry extraordinary character. That
gentleman was so very good that he actually conde-
scended to excuse the Committee of Ways and
Means for reporting the Indian appropriation bill.
The chairman had lefened him to treaty stipula-
tions, and what had been his reply? Why, that
all previous Committees of Ways and Meanss(who
had always reported these bills) had usurped, for-
sooth, the duties of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs! Was it any act of usurpation to report the
regular Indian appropriation bills? Had the com-
mittee violated the rules of the House? Had it gone
beyond the jurisdiction expressly assigned to it?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL here rose to order, and
put an inquiry, which, in the excited state of the
House, the reporter could not distinctly hear.
Mr. McKAY. That is a question for a Phila-
delphia lawyer. [Peels of laughter.] Only look
at your rules. Ask them whether the Committee
of Ways and Means is not required to report the
annual appropriation bills. [Mr. McK. here read
the rules.] One of these rules, as I very well re-
member, was adopted on motion of a venerable
gentleman who used to fill that vacant seat, and it
lequires that these bills shall be leporied within
thuty days from the commencement of the session.
One of these regular annual bills is the bill appro-
priating for Indian annuities. It had always been
the practice of the Government to send the esti-
mates for these annuities to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and for that committee to re-
port the bill to the House.
But only see what sort of a principle the gentle-
man from Mississippi is introducing here. Why,
if his doctrine is tiue, push it out; carry out his
own principle, and what will it end in? Why, I
suppose that, when the Committee of Ways and
Means wish to report any appropriations 111 refer-
ence to Indians, they must fust go in a body to the
committce-room of the Committeeon Indian Af
fairs, and then, first making a low bow, must stand
with their hats off, and humbly refer the whole
matter to the superior judgment and appiobation
of the gentleman's Indian Committee. They must
say to that committee: "Gentlemen, be good enough
to mfoim us, for we ourselves do not know, whether
the laws for these Indian treaties are still in force.
Here is a treaty with the Omahas, and here is
another treaty with the Choctaws, anil here is a
treaty with the Weas, and another with the Plan-
keshaws; may we report appropriations to fulfill
them? Gan you tell us whether these treaties have
the force of law?" And, having submitted these
inquiries, I suppose the Committee of Ways and
Means must then make another low bow and re-
tire, and humbly wait till the Indian Committee, at
their leisure and in proper and suitable time, shall
see fit to reply.
Well, and then will come the .gentleman from
Virginia and the gentleman from Georgia,1 and vaj
rious other gentlemen from the different cotnmit- 
tees, and require that all appropriations forNthe
army, and the navy, and the judiciary, and every-
thing else, must first be submitted to the judgment
of their committees. Why did not the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] get up here and
complain that the Committee of Ways and Means
had been guilty of daring usurpationrin reporting
appropriations for the pay of the armyj before they
had first gon<? to his committee, to get information
whether the law fixing the pay of the army had
not been repealed ? And so all the rest of the com-
mittees may come, and make the same complaint*
The gentleman from Mississippi looked very se-
rious and very earnest, just as if he meant what
he said, but I think he must have been spoking*
Sporting or not, his doctrine, if carried out, goes
to reduce the Committee of Ways and Means to
a machine, to a mere automaton. They must re*
port no bill to the House till all the other commit*
tees have looked over it, and told them whether it
was proper or not.
The true principle and the true rule is this i
Where any existing law requires from Govern'
ment the payment of a sum of money, the Com*
mittee of Ways and Means is the proper organ to
report to the House an appropriation of that sum;
but where new appropriations are proposed, and
changes are suggested in the law, these should bo
reported by the other committees first to which the
subjects respectively belong. This is the true rule
which ought always to prevail, though it has, I
confess, been sometimes broken in upon.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had no objection to
the Committee of Ways and Means exercising
their full prerogative; but he did object to any
member of that committee's calling on a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs for informa-
tion in relation to Indian treaties.
Mr. VINTON. Let me set the gentleman right.
It was a member of the Committee on Indian Af*
fairs who interrogated me, and that over and over,
for information which, if it was needed at all, his
committee could get for itself, and I in reply said
to him, that if anybody was to make these inqui-
ries, it was not the Committee of Ways and Means,
but his own Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. McKAY. I will ask the gentleman /ion)
Ohio [Mr. Gidpings] whether he has read the of-
ficial reports about these Indian quarrels he was
talking about?
Mr. GrlDDINGS. No, I have not.
Mr. McKAY. Then let him read the docu-
ments before he asks information of us.
Mr. BARRINGER. The gentleman from Ohio
on my left [Mr. Vinton] savs that a member of
the Committee on Indian Affairs asked certain in-
formation of him. Not so.- The gentleman from
Ohio on my right [Mr. Giddings] asked that in-
formation personally, and not as a member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. B. admitted
that the chairman was perfectly right in reporting
all appropriations required by existing laws with-
out further inquiry, but that gentleman went be-
yond his province when he maintained that the In-
dian Committee were bound to give him reasons
for items in his own bill.
Mr. VINTON had maintained no such doc-
trine. All he said was, that, if it was anybody's
duty to make the inquiry, it was that of (he Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; but, for himself, he did
not hold it to be the duty of either committee.
Mr. BARRINGER. Then we understand each
other.
Mr. VENABLE. This whole discussion is ut-
terly out of order; there is no motion before the
House
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved to amend
the bill, by adding, after the second item under the
head o Senecas of New Yorkthe following:
For refunding to the Senecas, and the tribes united with
them, the amount of all annuities or moneys which
wrongfully withheld from them hy a former sub-agent of tire
United States appointed for said Indians, as stated in the
4th section of the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses <?f the Indian oe-
partmentand fortuifilling treaty stipulations wi th the various
Indian nibes for the year ending June 30th, 1847, approved
June 27, 1846, and for paying the expenses of ascertaining
as near as mav be the amount thereof, the sum of £40,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary for such purposes;
and the Secretary of War is hereby directed to ascertain,
from the report of the <$mmissiofier appointed under said
4th section, and alt other means in his power, and at as
early a day as practicable, the amount so withheld, and the
