1848,
THE- CONCESSIONAL GLOB®.
527
jnaid into the treasury in the form of the $100 treas-
ury notes so issued, and stated the manner in which
this transaction would appear on the books. '
The total expenditure of the fiscal year 1846,
■was §57,218,477 63, and the total receipts (exclu-
sive of treasury notes, and loans) $35,473,229 45.
The deficiency of §21,000,000 and a' fraction, had
to be supplied by loans or treasury note3. He con-
tended that there was no error in the treasury re-
port of that year.
The total (actual and estimated) expenditure of
the present fiscal year he stated at §60,305,688 07,
and the total receipts (irrespective of loans and treas-
ury notes) $36,601,251 25, leaving a deficiency of
$23,000,000 and a fraction. He then gave a state-
ment of the treasury notes issued, and came to the
result at which the Secretary of the treasury had
arrived in his annual estimates.
For the two years the expenditures were $117,-
589,165, and the receipts were $70,317,229 45.
in his exposition of the issues of treasury notes
which had taken f^aee in the two years, he called
up—
Mr. WILES, who suggested that the authority
for issuing the original amount of treasury notes
expired last year, and that under the law of last
session an authority was given to reissue only
five millions. Although, therefore, there might be
the whole of the twenty-eight millions previously
authorized, in circulation, or there might not bo,
the Secretary had no authority to reissue more
than the five millions. He had understood that the
Secretary was himself embarrassed on this point
when he issued his proposals lately for bids for
treasury notes, as to the amount he could issue.
Mr. ATHERTON said lie was aware of the dif-
ficulties alluded to, but he could positively state,
that not more than thirty-three millions of treasury
notes of every description were now in ciroii latum.
He then went on to lefer to Mr. Gallatin's pam-
phlet on the finances, for the purpose of correcting
some errors into which he said that venerable gen-
tleman had fallen. He complimented that gentle-
man on the clearness of  intellect which he had
evinced, but suggested that it was not wonderful
that one who was led by his distrust of our finan-
cial capacity to resign his administration of the
-treasury in a difficult crisis in our affairs, should,
in his old age, he led into error, fie quoted Mr.
Gallatin's language relative to the impropriety of
permitting banks.to use public money to increase
their circulation, with some appropriate remarks.
Mr. A.*Uefemlc<l the estimates of the Secretary
against the attacks which had been made upon
them; referring to the statements made early in
the session by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
phki.rs,] and showing that they were not borne
out. by the actual results. The estimates of reve-
nue from the tariff made by the Secretary, had
been exceeded by the facts. As to the revenue
from the lands, from which that Senator had de-
ducted one million, there was a greal probability
that the estimates of the Secretary would be sus-
tained. Taking the sums accruing from all sources
he came to the same conclusion. He pointed out
other statements in the remarks of that Senator,
which he charged as being erroneous.
Mr. Pll I'lLPK made an explanation..
Mr. A. then referred to the amendments reported
in the bill. He adverted to the subject of treasury
notes, m which form it had been proposed to au-
thorize the loan. lie expatiated on the advantages
which belonged to treasury notes, hut stated that
a majority of the Committee on Finance was favor-
able to a stock loan; and the changed aspect of the
times, since the bill passed the House, had deter-
mined it to bring the transaction into the maiket,
in the shape of a slock loan, which, he believed,
would be easily disposed of.
He adverted to the couise which had been taken
in former exigencies—to the loan for twelve mil-
lions of dollars in 1841, in a time of peace. In 1842,
an issue of five millions of treasury notes was au-
thorized, and, in the same year, an authority was
given to add five millions to the original loan. The
Secretary was then required not to sell under par,
until after advertising to obtain offers at the high-
est price. He referred to subsequent issues of
treasury notes, authorized in 1842 and 1843.
1-Ie estimated that thirty-six millions will be all
that the wants of the Government will require to
be borrowed during the present and the next fiscal
years, if the estimates of the Secretary are correct.
„ He asked if there had been any instance in which,
during the midst of a war, a loan had been negotiated
at a rate exceeding par—that is, above the ordinary
rate of interest in the country ? Our credit in Eu-
rope, instead of having diminished, ha(l strejigth:
ened, since the commencement of the war, and we
couli now borrow money there on better terms
than we could have obtained it two years ago.
He made a few remarks on the inapplicability of
a sinking fund in this country, where the population
would be doubled soon after the present loan will
become due. He did not desire to protract the
passage of this bill, as the Secretary was anxious
to advertise the loan abroad, which could not be
done in time, unless the bill could be promptly dis-
posed of.
[The revised speech of Mr. Athjerton will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said he desired to
make some remarks on the bill, but as it was now
late in the day, and as he understood there was
some Executive business to be disposed of, he
would postpone his observations until to-morrow,
sliould.it be the pleasure of the Senate to passover
the bill informally, and to proceed to the consider-
ation of Executive business.
The bill was then informally passed over; and,
On motion of Mr. 11ANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. After some time, the doors were reopened,
and *
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 23, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, on leave, presented me-
morials of the Legislature of Mississippi, ill rela-
tion to stage routes in that State; also, m relation
to the cession of certain public lands for the im-
provement of the navigation of Ilig lllack river.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WHITE, on leave, offered the following
resolution, which was referred to the Committee
on Accounts;
Resolved, Tluit the Clerk of this House ascertain the usual
amount of the expenses of tail ml ot a deceased member of
lllis llnusc at tin; OoY>gr6mioi«U Burying Uiound, near this
city; and such amount, when ascertained, the Clerk shall
report to the Committee on Accounts, who shall examine
the Mime, anil, if appioved by f-nifl eomrnittee, tho i:ieik
shall thereupon pay tho amount no reported by sunl commit-
tee to Mrs. J. M. Ilolley, widow of the lute John M. Ilni.-
r,i-;v, deeensed, late a liienihri of this Iloube from the State
of New York; and that the Speaker pay lo the, .said Ml.-.,
ttolley the huhuiee of the daily pay mul mileage due tier late
liunliaud on the Uayot lusdeatiMo wit,on the Bihof Muich,
JKIH.
Mr. CHAPMAN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion directing the Clerk of the House to iurnisli
the Warden of the Penitentiary of the District of
Columbia ceiiain public documents.
Mr. McKAV objecting, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. KENNON, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution, which
was read;
liesolral, 'X'liut there lie allowed out of the contingent fund
of the Itou^e, to the widow of the Hon. John W. Horn-
| iiBCK, late a member ot the House of Hepiesentatives of the
United Htntes I'rom ihe State of I'eiiiisjlvauia, the >um of
1 (Ik* Imlnncc of puy uml inilrugt*, cw a member o! Uii*
I Iloube:, up lo the Kith <in> of Jimuaiy, A. 1). 1818.
j Mr. McKAV inquired why the resolution di-
! reeled the payment out of the contingent fund of
the House, as there was a special appropriation
for the pay and mileage of members?
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, replied that the
Committee on Accounts had had under considera-
tion the resolution referred to tlieni diiecting iliem
to inquire into the propriety of allowing to the
widow of the late Mr. Hohniieck a sum equal to
tho usual expenses of a public funeral 111 the city
of Washington. A majority of the committee had
come to the conclusion that it was not expedient
to make such allowance, or any allowance beyond
that which was due to every membei of Congress
for per diem compensation and mileage. There
never had been an instance where these were with-
held from a gentleman who had died a member of
Congress, and this had always been paid out of
the contingent fund. So the passage of this reso-
lution was unnecessary, so far as the payment of
per diem and mileage to the widow of a deceased
' member was concerned. But the subject having
1 been referred to the Committee on Accounts, ihey
i had, thought proper to report it back, in order that
the House might determine whether they would
sanction the report, or whether by amendtnemt they
would make an allowance to the widow of. some
amount in consideration of her husband's Haying (
died being a member of Congress, and her being-
subjected to extraordinary funeral expenses. -He,,
would tell the gentleman from Nortlr Carolina.that,
there was no actual necessity for the passage of the ■
resolution in order to the payment to the widow
of the deceased member of the per diem and-mile?
age of her husband.
Mr. McKAV said, as it was stated by the chair-,
man of the Committee on Accounts, that there was ,
no necessity for the resolution, he would move to
lay it on the table.
The question being taken, the motion was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. RUMSEX moved an amendment by insert-
ing, " and tho further sum of $500, that being the
ordinary expense of a public funeral in the city of
Washyigton."
He remai ked that there was certainly no good
reason why, from the more fact of this gentleman
having been compelled to leave here and return
home, this House should avoid the expenses of
burial, .which would have been incurred if he had
died here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
and resulting, yeas 73K nays 89, tho amendment
was rejected. , •
The question then recurred on the passage of tho
resolution.
Mr. BRODTIEAD desired to offer an amend-
ment. lie moved that the sum of §450 be allowed,
which he hoped would be agreed to. He knew
not that it was necessary, at this time, to make
any leiuaiks upon the subject; but this he would
say, tlmt he believed it to be entirely right to allow
that sum.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the amendment
by substituting the sum of $400.
Mr. BRODHEAI) accepted the amendment.
Mr. HENLEY called for the yeas and nays on .
the amendment. All he would say was, that it was
the principle to which he was opposed, and not
the sum suggested. He would just as soon vote
five hundred dollars as five.
The yeas and nays weretordered.
Mr. McCLELLAND said, when this question/
was up before, he moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Accounts, that they might ascertain if
there were any precedents for such payments, and
if so, to report them to the House. Hint was tho
understanding when he made his motion, and he
desired now to ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Accounts if they had examined the piece- ,
dents, and if theie were any pieccdents to justify
the amendment which had been mado to the origi-
nal resolution.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, replied that the
committee had not found any such precedents.
The funeral expenses of members of this House
who had died away from tho seat of Government
had not been paid, but he was understood to say,
that the funeral expenses of a clerk had been al-
lowed. In the case of the death of a member of
the other branch of Congress, Mr. Fairfield, of
Maine, the Senate had made an allowance of the
funeral expenses to the widow of'the deceased.
In the case now before the House, a family was
left in circumstances of great poverty. There
was another case m which nil allowance had been
made, to which he would call the attention of the
House. A gentleman left his home in Michigan
and came towards Washington as far as New
Yolk, and theie died. In that case there was an
allowance of §1,200. He would further add, that
the average amount of expenses incurred in the
burial of a member of Congress here, without mil-
itary array or unusual solemnities, was about
$1,500.
Mr. McCLELLAND regretted to be obliged to
oppose a proposition of this kind. It was well
known that he was as liberal in such matters as
any member on this floor, and if this Ye"i a
matter which involved a principle, he should vote
foi the sum now proposed. He should not now
have said a word if any other member had been
pleased to address the Hou&e on the subject. He
could not, however, allow it to pass m silence.
The case of Mr. Fairfield, which had been men-
tinned by the chairman of the Committee on Ac-
