530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. FELCH presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor
of the establishment of a mail route from Detroit
to Michigan, in that State; which \v^ referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered.to be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by said Legislature in
fevor of the passage of an act granting to the St.
Mary's Canal Company the right of way over the
public lands lying on the route of their canal;
which -was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FELCH having moved that the resolution
be printed—
Mr. NILES said: I observe that an unusual
practice is gaining ground in regard to the printing
of memorials, and that it is becoming quite a com-
mon thing.
Mr. FELCH. I understand the practice to be,
that the resolutions of the Legislatures of the dif-
ferent States are ordered to be printed as a matter
of course for the use of the Senate.
Mr. NILES. Is this the resolution of the Le-
gislature?
Mr. PELCH. It is.
Mr. JNTLES. In that case I withdraw my ob-
jection. I
The resolution was ordered to be printed. j
In presenting a resolution from the Legislature,
of Nfew York— 1
Mr. DICKINSON said the subject of the reso-
lution is one which interests not only a great por-
tion of the citizens of my own* State, but the j
agricultural classes generally throughout theUnion. j
It is a subject of the weightiest consideration; but j
as Congress has other matters before it, I shall not I
do more at this time than move that the resolu- j
tions be primed, and laid upon the'Uble, which is, j
I believe, the usual disposition made in matters of :
this kind. Without keeping the Senate in further i
suspense, I remark that it relates to Jothro Wood's I
patent plough. I ask that the resolution may be [
also read. I believe that is usual. - j
Mr. HALE. I object. It is not the usual course. !
Mr. DICKINSON. Let the Senate decide. I i
move that they be read. |
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution |l
was read by the Secretaiy, and ordered to be !:
' printed. . |j
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. li
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of John S.
Harris, late deputy collector and measuier of the
port of Providence, in Rhode Island, praying com-
pensation for his seivices; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PELCH presented a memorial of citizens
of the town of Sault de St. Marie, in Michigan,
praying the appointment of a board of commis-
sioners for the adjustment of land titles in that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Sarah Hub-
bard, praying compensation for property taken
and destroyed by the enemy during the last war
with Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. *
JVIr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Carroll county, New Hampshire, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Osisipee to Monl-
tonboro', in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post OlRce and Post Iloads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of!
Henrietta Bedinger, widow of a deceased revolu- !
tionary officer, praying an increase of pension- I
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions! !
PUBLIC LANDS AT FORT SWELLING. j
IVIi ■ BREESE submitted the folluwin0* resolu- ■
tion for consideration: a * * I
That fliB S-cetary of War he directed to ,„rorm i
the benate what quantity of public land lias b-en re-erv  1
from sale and settlement at or new Fort Huel me, on the
Lpper MissMjppj live., stating the .juiuitity on well bank
7^ S° 10iervea' ,th0 Impose:, to which the lands are
devoted, the amount of force at tlipt nost, avewino it for
the last nve ye.us, and whether, m la* oninionfth? lam's
reserved on the ea« bank of the rtver are really'nei<L7£
for any military purpo.se.   y
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was !
T?' f 'i?6 on Indian Affaiis he dis- I
fi. Tr S u'r consideration of Hie jnemon,)! of '
Marcu!,W"iPP1 Pt'St S'at° Conve"no"> presented the 9th j
chameTfoTh?>t thf Committee on Indian Affairs he dis- I
Jow|h Naw™U 61 con5,lleral"« of the petiuon of j
4-greeably to notice, Mr.MOOR asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill to admit lumber cut
on the territory of Maine, and manufactured in
New Brunswick, into the ports of the United States
free of duty; which was read the first and second
times, by unanimous consent} and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CRITTENDEN", by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of Colonel Robert Wallace, aid-de-camp to
Gen. William Hull; which was read the first and
second times, by unanimous consent, and referred
[ to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives relating to the evidence which shall be
satisfactory on application for bounty lands, was
read the first and second times, by unanimous con-
sent. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, this resolution will be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS. I hope the resolution will not be
li referred. This is a subject which is very import-
ij ant, and I believe there cannot be the slightest ob-
j] jection to it. I hope it may be considered now.
! i Th$ Senate proceeded to consider said resolution
i: as in Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
< being made, it was reported to the Senate, ordered
. to a third reading, read a third time, by unanimous
! consent, and passed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
| resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr. Moor,
; and it was agreed to:
j Resolved, That the President of tile United Slates be re-
( quested to communicate to the Senate copies of the corre-
; spondenee which has taken place since August,1842, between
j the authorities of the American and British Governments,
in relation to export duties on American lumber exacted or
I levied by the Piovjncial or other Biitixh authorities in New
; Biunesviek; or copics of such poitionsof that eoirespond-
! ence as mav he communicated without detriment to the
public interest.  
! Mr. RUSK gave notice that on to-morrow, or at
1 some early day thereafter, he would ask leave of
! the Senate to introduce a bill to restate trade and
j intercourse between the, several tribes of Indians '
; residing within the State of Texas. ;
| THE LOAN BILL.
j The Senate resumed the consideration nf the ;
bill from the £Fouse of Representatives to autho- -
rize a loan not to exceed the sum of sixteen mil- !
lions of dollars. :
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, on Friday a '
bill passed the Senate for the raising of ten regi-
ments of new troops for the further prosecutionSof
the war against Mexico; and we have been in-
formed, that the measure is shortly to be followed ,
in this branch of the Legislature, by a bill to raise
twenty regiments of volunteers for the same ser-
vice. I was desirous, sir, on Friday, to express
my opinion against the object of those bills 
against the supposed necessity which leads to their
enactment, and against the general policy which
they are apparently designed to promote. Cir-
cumstances personal to myself, but beyond my
control, compelled me to forejro on that dav the
execution of this design. The bill now before the
Senate is a measme for raising money to meet the
expenses of the Government, and to provide the
means as well for other things as for the pay and
support of these thirty tegiments.
Sir, the scenes through which we have passed,
and are passing litre, are various. For a fortnight
the world supposes us to have been occupied with
the ratification of a treaty of peace, and that within
these walis—
'• The ivorld rMt out"—
notes ot peace, hopes of peace, nay, strong assu- :
ranees of peace, and immediate peace, have been i
uttered, to console us and to cheer us. It has been
over and over again stated that we have ratified a j
treaty, (of course, u treaty of peace,) and, as the
country has been led to suppose, not of uncertain, :
and empty,and delusive peace, but real,gratify!,i°- I
and enduring peace—a peace that shall staunch the I
wounds of war, prevent the further effusion of j
blood, cut off these enormous expenses, and return ;
our friends, and our brothers, and our children, (if!
they be yet living!) from a land of slaughter, and
a land of still more dismal destruction by climate !
to our fii esidrM and our arms. Hardly have those' i
halcyon sounds ceased upon our ear, until, in re- I
sumed public session, we are summoned to fresh •
warlike operations; to the creation of a new arrav 1
of thjrfy thousand men, for the further prosecution "
of the war; to carry our power, in the language of
the President, still more directly into the vital parts
of our enemy, and to press home by the power of
the sword the claims that we insist upon against a
fallen, prostrate, I had almost said, an ignoble foeJ"
If I may judge of the opinionof the honorable mem-
ber from Michigan, or other speeches delivered in
this Chamber, there has not been a time from th®
commencement of the war when it has been move -
urgently pressed upon us, not only to maintain,
hut to increase our military means—not only to
continue the war, but to press it with more vigor—
than at the present time. Pray, what does all this
mean ? Pray, sir, I ask, is it confessed, then, that
we are no nearer to peace than we were when we
snatched up a bit of paper called, or miscalled, a
treaty, and ratified it? Have we yet to fight it out
to the utmost, as if no pacification had intervened?
I wish to treat the proceedings of this and every
department of this Government with the utmost
respect. God knows that the Constitution of this
Government, and the exercise of its just powers,
in the administration of the laws under it, have
been the cherished object of all my unimportant
life.' But if the subject were not too deeply inter-
esting, I should say thatourproceedingshere might,
well enough cause a smile. In the ordinary trans-
ji action of foreign relations, in this and all other *
j! Governments, the course has been to negotiate first,
|j and to ratify afterwards. This would seem to be
!j the natural order of conducting intercourse between.
j| foreign States. We have chosen to reverse the
ji order. We ratify first, and negotiate afterwards,
jj We set up a treaty, such as we find it, and such
11 as we choose to make if, and then we send two
!; ministers plenipotentiary to negotiate thereupon
ji in the capital of the enemy! One should think,
i! sir, that the ordinary course of proceeding was
jj much the wiser; that to negotiate, hold intercourse,
j: come to some arrangement by authorized agents,
]f and then to submit that arrangement to the sover-
;f e gn authority to which those agents are responsi-
< i ble, would be always the most desirable method of
if procedure. It strikes me that the course we have
;| adopted is strange, is grotesque. So far as I know,
11 it is unprecedented in the history of diplomatic in-
tercourse. Learned gentlemen on the floor of the
Senate, interested to defend and vindicate this
course, may, in their extensive reading, have found
examples. I know none.
Sir, we are in possession, by military power, of
New Mexico and California, countries belonging
hitherto to the United States of Mexico. We are
informed by the President, that it is his purpose to
retain them—to consider them as tenitories fit to,
be attached, and to be attached, to these United
States of America; and the military operations and
designs now before the Senate, aie intended to
enforce this claim of the Executive of the United
States, We are to compel Mexico to agree, that
that part of her dominions called New Mexico,
and that other part called California, shall be ceded
i to us. We are now in possession of these terri-
j tories, it is said, and she is to be compelled to
yield her title. This is the precise object of this
, new army of thirty thousand men. It'is the iden-
! tical object, sir, in my judgment, for which the war
! was originally commenced—for which it has been
hitherto prosecuted, and in furtherance of which
this treaty is to be used, but as one of the means
to bring about the general result; that general result
depending, after all, upon other superior powers,
and the necessity of submitting to any terms which
we prescribe, to fallen—fallen—fallen Mexico !
The members composing the other House—the
more popular branch of Congress—have all been
elected since the remarkable (I had almost said the
fatal) incidents of the 11th of May, 1846; and
H has passed a resolution affirming that " the war
with Mexico was be*un unconstitutionally and
unnecessarily by the Executive Government of the
United States," I concur in that sentiment. I
hold that to be the most reccnt, authentic expres-
sion of th'p will and the opinions of the people of the
united States. There is another proposition, not
so authentically announced hitherto, but in my
judgment equally true—equally capable of demon-
stration—and that is, that this war was begun, has
been continued, and is now prosecuted, for the
great and leading purpose of the acquisition of new
territory, out of which to bring new States, with
a Mexican population, into this our union of the
United States. If unavowed at first, this purpose
di<J not remain un&vow«d long. However often it
