532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
March 23,
selves one of these mild mornings, in the cars, and
take their destination to their respective places of
honorable, private occupation, and civil employ-
ment. They have ray good wishes, that, bidding
adieu to the avenue and -the Capitol, and the pur-
lieus of the President's House, they "may reach
their homes, in good health themselves, and find
their families all very happy to receive them.
But, sir, paulo majora canamns ! This war was.
waged for the purpose of creatingnew States, near
the southern portion of the United States, out of
Mexican territory, and with such population as
might be found resident therein. I have opposed
that project. I am against the creation of new
States. I am against the acquisition of territory
to form new States. And this, sir, is not a matter
of sentimentality, which I am to parade before
mass meetings, or before my constituents at home.
It is with me no matter of declamation, regret, or
expressed repugnance. It is matter of firm, un-
changeable purpose, to yield to no force of circum-
stances that have occurred, or that I may consider
likely to occur; and therefore I say, sir, that if I
am asked to-day, whether, for the sake of peace,
I will take a treaty that brings two new States into
this Union on its southern boundary, I say no—
distinctly no! and l.wish every .man in the United
States to understand that to be my judgment and
my purpose. I have said on the southern bound-
ary, because there the present proposition takes its
locality. I would say the same of the western,
the northern, the eastern, or any other boundary.
I would resist, to-day and to the end, here and
everywhere, any proposition to add any foreign
territory, on the south or west, north or east, to
the States of this Union, as they are now con-
stituted and held together under the Constitution.
I do not want the colonies of England on the north;
i as little desire the Mexican population on the
south. I resist and reject all, and all with equal
resolution; and therefore I say, that if the question
is put to me to-day, whether I will take peace in
the present state of the country—distressed as it :
is—in the exigency of this war, odious as it is— j
in circumstances so afflictive to the community, i
and so disturbing to the business of those whom
I represent ay those which now surround me—I
say^till, that if the question be put to me, whether
I will have peace, with new States; I say no—no—
no! Why; Because, sir, there is no necessity
of beingdriven into the dilemma, in my judgment.
Other gentlemen may think differently. I own no
man's conscience but mine own. I mean to make
a clean breast for myself, and I protest that I see
no reason whatever to believe that we cannot ob-
tain as safe a peace, as honorable a peace, and as
promptapeace, without territory, as with it. The
things are separable. There is no necessary con-
nection between them. Mexico does not wish us
to take her territory that she may receive our
money. Far from it. She yields her assent, if
she yields it at all, reluctantly, and we all know
it. If she yield, it is the result of force; and
there is not a man here that does not know
it. Let me say, sir, that if this Trist paper shall
finally be rejected in Mexico, it is most likely
to be because those who, under our protection,
prepared it, cannot persuade the Mexican Con-
gress or the Mexican people to agree to this cession
of territory. The thing most likely to break up
what is now expected to take place is, the repug-
nance of the Mexican people to part with Mexican
territory. They would-prefer to keep their terri-
tory, and that we should keep our money; or we
resolve that we should keS^i our money, and allow
. them to keep their territory. We shall see. I
pretend to no powers of prediction. I do not know
what mjy happen. The times are full of strange
events. But I think it probable, that if the treaty
which has gone to Mexico shall fail to be ratified,
it will bo because of the aversion of the Mexican
Congress or the Mexican people to cede their ter-
ritories, or any portion of them, belonging to their
Republic.
I have said that I would rather have no peace for
the present, than to have a peace that brings terri-
tories for new States, and the reason is, that I be-
lieve we can get a peace just as soon without terri-
tory as with it—a peace more safe, more enduring
—vastly more honorable to us, the great Republic
of the Western World. I hear gentlemen say, that
we must have some territory—that tiie people de-
mand it. I deny it; at least I say I see no proof
of it whatever. I do not doubt thattherearc indi-
viduals here and there, of an enterprising charac-
ter, disposed to emigration, who know nothing
about New Mexico, but that it is far off; and noth-
ing of California, but that it is still further off; who
are tired of the dull pursuits of agriculture and
civil life. I dare say that there are hundreds and
thousands of such persons who might wish for
territory, in which to seek their fortunes. What-
ever is new, is attractive to such minds. They
feel the spirit of a borderer, and that- is, I take it,
to be pretty tolerably content with his condition till
somebody passes beyond him; and then his dispo-
sition to take up his " traps" and pass beyond him
who has passed himself, and sit down further off, is
an irresistible passion. At least so says that great
and sagacious observer of human manners, Cha-
teaubriand, when he travelled in this country in
1797. But, I say, sir, that I do not find anywhere,
nor that there exists anywhere, any considerable,
respectable number of persons who think that we
want more territory and such territory. There
were twenty-four of us last year, who voted against
the prosecution of the war for the acquisition of
territory, on the ground that we did not want it—
southern men and northern men. I believe there
were southern gentlemen who concurred in that
vote, and who found themselves, even against what
might be supposed to be the local feeling and par-
tiality, able to sustain themselves upon the ground
of the wisdom of the general policy of not seeking
for territory, and by the acquisition of territory to
bring into our politics certain embarrassing and
embroiling questions. I do not learn that they
suffered by the advocacy of such sentiments. I
rather believe that they triumphed in them, and I
believe that through the greater portion of the
South—if we can trust what has been said here;
through the Southwest, to a very great extent, the
same sentiment is general—that there is no preva-
lent opinion in favor of new territory and such ter-
ritory, or of an augmentation of your population
and by such population. I need not say that that
is, if not the undivided, the preponderating senti-
ment of all the North. But we think we must take
territory. For the sake of peace, we must take
territory! This is the will of the President! If we
do not take it, we may fare worse! Mr. Polk will
take no less ! That is fixed upon! He is immova-
ble! He has put down his foot! He had put it
down, sir, on " fifty-four forty," butit didn'tstay !
I speak of the President of the United States as I
speak of all Presidents, without disrespect; but I
know no reason why his opinions, his will, his
purpose declared to be fixed, should control us,
any more than our purpose formed upon equally
j conscientious motives, and I may add, formed
i under as high responsibilities, should control
1 him. We think he is firm and .will not move,
j I should be sorry, sir, very sorry, indeed, that we
! should entertain more respect for the firmness of
I an individual at the head of the Government than
'i we can entertain for our own firmness. He will
; stand out, it is said, against us. Do we fear to
stand out against him ? For one, I do not. It ap-
pears to me to be a slavish doctrine. For one, I
] am willing to meet the issue; and to go to the peo-
| pie, over all this broad land. If we will take peace
! without new States, and the Administration will
I have no peace without new States, I am willing to
] stand upon that, and trust the people. I do that
because, in-the first place, I think it is right; and,
in the next place, I have no distrust of the people.
I am not unwilling to put that to their sovereign
decision and arbitration.
Sir, I hold this question to be vital, permanent,
elementary, in the future prosperity of this country
and the maintenance of the Constitution, and I am
willing to trust that question to the people. I pre-
fer that it should be submitted to them; because,
if what I regard as a great constitutional principle,
or a principle essentially important to the main-
tenance of the Constitution, be broken down, let
it be the act of themselves. It shall never be my
act. I therefore do not distrust the people. Iam
willing to take their sentiment on this issue, from
the Grulf to the British provinces, and from the
ocean to the Missouri. I am willing to ask them
will you continue this war for territory'—for ter-
ritory to be purchased after all for an enormous
price, a thousand times the value of all that is pur-
chased; or will you take peace, contenting your-
selves with the honor that the country ha^reaped
by the military achievements of its armies? Will
you take peace without territory, and preserve the
integrity of the Constitution and the Union ? I am
willing to go on that, for one.
I am willing, sir, to take this issue—peace with-
out new States, keeping our money to ourselves,
or war till these new States shall be acquired?
That's the question. It is a question for the people
themselves. If they support me and those who
think with me in the view I take of the matter,
very well. If they will have territory—if they will
add new States to this Union, why let them do so,
and they will be the artificers of their own fortunes,
for good or for evil.
But, sir, wc tremble before Executive power.
The truth cannot be concealed—we tremble before
Executive power. Mr. Polk will take nothing else
than this; and if we do not take this, "the king's
anger may kindle, "and he may impose still heavier
burdens. Now, who and what is Mr. Polk? I
speak of him in no manner of disrespect. I mean
only to ask who and what is the President of the
United States for the current moment? He is in
the last year of the term of his administration—
formally, officially it can only be drawn out till the
fourth of March. Why, realljj and substantially,
we know that two short months will or may produce
events that render the duration of the official term
of very little importance. We are on the eve of a
Presidential election. That machinery resorted to
to collect public opinion or party opinion is to be
put in operation two months hence. We shall see
its result. -It may be that the present incumbent
of the Presidential office will be again presented to
his party friends and admirers for their suffrages
for the next Presidential term. I do not say how
probable or improbable that may be—perhaps it is
not entirely probable. Suppose that not to be the
result—wbatthen? Why, then,Mr.Polk becomes
as absolutely insignificant as any respectable man
amongst the public men of the United States—hon-
orable in his private life—valuable in his private
character. Respectable, never eminent in public
life, he will, from the moment that a new star arises,
have just as little influence as you, sir, or I; and,
so far as respects myself, God knows that will be
very little! Sir, political partisans and aspirants
and office-seekers are not sun-flowers; they don't
 "tijrn on their god when he sets,
The fcuriie face which they turned when he rose !"
Now, sir, if the respectable gentleman who is
now at the head of the Government should be
agreed upon, there will be those who will commend
his consistency, and be bound to maintain it and
the integrity of the party. His friends will re-
quire that this should be done. If otherwise, who
is there in the whole length and breadth of the land
who will care for the consistency of the present
incumbent of that office? There will then be new
objects. Manifest destiny will have fixed upon
some other man, sir; the eulogies are now writ-
ten; the commendations of the press are already
elaborated. I will not say everything fulsome, but
I will say everything panegyrical is already writ-
ten out with blanks for names, to be filled when
the convention shall adjourn. When manifest des-
tiny shall be reached, then, sir, all these strains of
panegyric made beforehand, laid up in pigeon-
holes, studied, framed, emblazoned, and embossed,
will all come out, and then there will be, there is
bound to be, somebody in the United States, pos-
sibly, whose merits have heretofore been strangely
overlooked — marked by Providence — a kind of
miracle — it is a wonder that nobody thought of
him before; a fit man, and the only fit man, to be
at the head of this great Republic. I shrink not,
therefore, from anything that I feel to be my duty
by any apprehension of the power,and importance,
and imposing dignity, and the power of will, which
is ascribed to the present incumbent of that office.
I wish we had that power of will. I wish we had
that firmness—firmness—firmness. Si sit mi men
nullam absit. If we had adherence! I wish we
could gather something from the Spirit of our
brave corps that have met the enemy under cir-
cumstances most adverse, and have stood the
shock. I wish we could imitate Zachary Taylor
in his bivouac upon the field of Buena Vista. lie
said he would remain for the night; he would feel
the enemy in the morning and try bis position. I
wish before we surrender that we could make up
our own minds to feel the enemy and try his po-
sition, and I think we should find him, as Taylor
did, under the early sun on his way to San Luis
Potosi! That is my judgment.
But, sir, I come to the all-absorbing question,
