1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
more particularly, of the creation of new States.
When I came into the councils of the country, Lou-
isiana had been obtained under the treaty with
Prance, and shortly afterwards Florida was ob-
tained under the treaty with Spain. These two
•countries were known to us. They lay upon our
frontiers. They commanded the outlets of the
great river. As I have had occasion to say, and
shall now only repeat, without argument, in the
.first of these instances the President of the United
States (Mr. Jefferson) supposed the acquisition to
be unconstitutional. He acted on thataupposition.
Mr. Madison was then Secretary of State. He
proposed that a proposition for an amendment of
the Constitution should be submitted, in order to
bring Louisiana into the Union. He drew up the
proposition, and it was submitted to Mr. Adams.
Mr. Madison did not go upon the general idea that
new States might be admitted. He did not pro-
ceed upon the motion of a general amendment to
the Constitution in this respect, but the amendment
of the Constitution which he proposed and sub-
mitted to Mr. Adams was article 13, amendatory
of the Constitution: "The province of Louisiana is
hereby declared to be part and parcel of the United
States." Public opinion, owing to the great im-
portance of this acquisition, took a turn favorable
to the affirmation of the power, without any new
constitutional provision. The power was acqui-
«sced in. Louisiana became a part of the Union,
and following the example of Louisiana, Florida
was admitted. Now, sir, I consider these trans-
actions as past, settled, legalized. There they
•stand. They are part of our political history.
They are facts against which it would be idle at
this day to contend. My first agency in these
matters was upon the proposition for admitting
Texas into the Union. That I thought it my duty
to oppose, upon the general ground of opposing all
annexation of new States, and I may add, and
ought to add in justice—because there was a prop-
osition then before the country as to southern States
having a slave population being represented in the
Congress of the United States—upon the ground of
inequality. It happened to'me, sir, to be called on
to address a political meeting in New Yorlc in
1837-'38, after the recognition of Texan Sndepend-
ence. I may state now, sir, what I have often
stated before, that no1 man from the first has been
a better wisher, a more sincere well-wisher, to the
people and Government of Texas than myself. I
looked upon the achievement of their independ-
ence at the battle of San Jacinto as quite extraor-
dinary, almost a marvellous incident, in the affairs
of mankind. I was among tin1 first to be disposed
to acknowledge her independence; but from the
first, and from the first down to this moment, I
have opposed, as far as I was able, the annexation
of new States to this Union. 1 stated my reasons
on the occasion to which I referred. I have them
ill a short abstract before me, but it is hardly worth
■while that I should trouble the Senate with tead-
' ing them.
For a few years X held a position in the Execu-
tive department of the Government. I left the
Department of State in 1843, in May. Within a
month after another most worthy and respectable
gentleman—who came to a very untimely end—
had taken my place, I had occasion to know—not
officially, but from circumstances—that the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States was taken up
by Mr. Tylei's administration as an administra-
tion measure—pushed, pressed, insisted on; and I
believe that the honorable gentleman to whom I
have referred, and for whose memory I entertain
much respect, (Mr. Upshur,) had something like
a passion for the accomplishment of this purpose.
And I am afraid that the President of the United
States at that time suffered his ardent feelings not
a little to control his more prudent judgment. At
any rate, I saw in 1843 that annexation had be-
come a purpose. I wa3 not in Congress, nor in
public life; but, seeing' this state of-things, I
thought it my duty to admonish, as far as I could,
the country of the existence of this purpose.
There are gentlemen—many of them at the North,
others now in this capital—who know that in the
summer of 1843, being fully persuaded that this
purpose of annexing Texas had been taken up
■with zeal and determination by the Executive Gov-
ernment of the United States, I thought it my duty,
and asked their concurrence in an attempt, to let
this purpose be known to the country. I conferred
with gentlemen of distinction and eminence. I
proposed some means of exciting public attention
to the question of annexation, before it should be-
come a party question; for I had learned that when
a matter becomes a party matter, it is in vain to
argue against it or argue upon it. But the opti-
mists—the quietists, then, who said, All things are
well, and let all things alone—discouraged, dis-
countenanced, repressed, any such effort. They
said the North would take £are of itself: the coun-
try would take care of itself; that it would not sus-
tain Tyler's project of annexation; when the time
came," the power of the North, which was felt in
the House of Representatives, would be sufficient
to resist the measure. And I could now refer to
paragraphs and articles in the most respectable
journals at the North, in which the attempt was
made to produce an impression that there was no
danger that we should have an addition of new
States; that we need not alarm ourselves about it.
I was not in Congress when the resolution pro-
viding for the annexation of Texas was passed.
I only know, that up to a very short period before
the passage of that resolution, the general impres-
sion was, in the country where I belonged, that no
such resolution could pass. But I have found, sir,
in the course of thirty years' experience, that what-
ever measure the Executive Government embraces
and pushes, is quite likely to succeed. There is a
giving way somewhere. If the Executive Gov-
ernment acts with uniformity, steadiness, entire
unity of purpose, sooner or later it is quite apt
enough—according to my construction of history,
too apt—to effect its purpose.
Just before the commencement of the present
Administration, the resolutions for the annexation
of Texas passed Congress. Texas complied with
the provisions of these resolutions, and she was
here, or the case was here, on (ho :2:3d December,
1845, for her final admission into the Union, as one
of these States. I took occasion then to state that
I hoped I had shown all proper regard fur Texas;
that I had been certainly opposed to annexation;
that if 1 should go over the whole matter again,
I should have nothing new to add; that I had acted,
all along, under the unanimous declaration of all
parties, and of the Legislature of Massachusetts;
that I thought there must be some limit to the ex-
tent of our territories, and that I wished that this
country should exhibit to the world the example of
a powerful Republic, without the greediness and
hunger of empire. And I added, that while I held,
with as much faithfulness as any citizen of the
country, to all the original arrangements and com-
promises of the Constitution under which we live,
l never could, and I never should, bring myself to
be in favor of the admission of any Slates into the
Union as slaveholding States, and I might have
added, any States at all. Now, as I have said, in
nil this I acted under the resolutions of the >Stute
of Massachusetts—certainly concunent with my
own judgment, so often repeated, and reaffirmed
by the unanimous consent of all men of all parties;
that I could not well go through the series of point-
ing out, not only the impolicy, but the unconstitu
tionahty of such annexation. A case presented
is this: If a State proposes to come into the Union,
and to come in as a slave State, then there is an
augmentation of the inequality in the representation
of the. people, which already exists—an inequality
already existing, with which I do not quarrel, and
which 1 never will attempt to alter, but shall pre-
serve as long as I have a vote to give, or any voice
in this Government, because' it is a part of the
original compact. Let it stand. But then there is
another consideration of vastly more general im-
portance even than that—more general, because it
affects all the States, free and slaveholding; and it
is, that if States formed out of territories thus
thinly populated come into the Union, they neces-
sarily, inevitably break up the relation existing
between the two branches of the Government, and
destroy its balance. They break up the intended
relation between the Senate and the House of
Representatives. If you bring in new States, any
Slate that comes in must have two Senators. She
may come in with fifty or sixty thousand people
or more. You may have, from a particular State,
more Senators than you have Representatives.
Can anything occur to disfigure and derange the
form of government under which we live more
signally than that? Here would be a Senate bear-
ing no proportion to the people—out of all relation
to them, by the addition of new States; from some
of them only one Representative, perhaps, and two
Senators; whereas the larger States may have ten,
fifteen, or even thirty Representatives, and but two
Senators. The Senate, added to, augmented by
these new Senators coming from States where there
are few people, becomes an odious oligarchy. It
holds power without any adequate constituency.
Sir, it is but " borough-mongering" upon a large
scale. Now, I do not depenu upon theory; I ask
the Senate and the country to look at facts—to see
where we were, when we made our departure three
years ago, and where we now are; ana I leave it to
the imagination to conjecture where we shall be.
We admitted Texas—one State for the present—
but, sir, if you refer to the resolutions providing
for the annexation"of Texas, you find a provision
that it shall be in the power of Congress hereafter
to make four new States out of Texan territory.
Present and prospectively, five new States—ten
Senators—may come into the Union out of Texas.
Three years ago we did this; we now propose to
make two States. Undoubtedly if we tnke, as the
President recommends, New Mexico and Califor-
nia, there must then be four new Senators. We
shall then have provided in these territories out of
the United States along our southern borders, for
the creation of States enough to send fourteen Sen-
ators into this Chamber. Now, what will be the
relation between these Senatorsand the people they
represent, or the Slates fiom which they come? I
do not understand that there is any very accurate
census of Texas. It is generally supposed tii con-
tain one hundred and fifty thousand persons. I
doubt whether it is above one hundred thousand.
Mr. MANGUM. It contains one hundred and
fortv-nuie thousand.
Mr. WEBSTER. My honorable friend on my
left says, a hundred and forty-nine thousand. 1
nut it down, then, one hundred and fifty thousand.
Well, sir, Texas is not destined, ptobably, to be
a country of dense population. We will suppose
it to have near one hundred and fifty thousand
population by the best accounts—and I have given
over all that I can find. New Mexico may have
sixty or seventy thousand inhabitants—such—as
—they—are! Say seventy thousand. In Califor-
nia, they are not supposed to be above twenty-five
thousand men; but undoubtedly) if this territory
should become ours, persons from Oregon, and from
ourWestern States, will find their way to San Fran-
cisco, where there is some good land, and we may
suppose they will shortly amount to sixty or seven-
ty thousand. We will put them down at seventy
thousand. Then the whole territory in this esti-
mate, which is as large as any man puts it at, will
contain two hundred and ninety thousand persons,
and they will send us, whenever we nsk for them,
fourteen Senators; a population less than that of
the State of Vermont, and not the eighth part of
that of New York. Fouitcen Senators, and no
more people than Vermont! anil no more people
than New Hampshire' and not so many people
as the good State of New Jeisey! But then, sir,_
Texas claims to the line of the Rio Grande, and if
it be her true line, why then of course she ab-
sorbs a considerable part, nay, the greater part of
the population of what is now called New Mexico.
I do not argue the question of the true southern or
western line of Texas; I only say that it is appa-
rent to everybody who will look at the map, and
learn anything of the matter, that New Mexico
cannot be divided by this river, the Rio Grande,
which is a shallow, fordable,-insignificant stream,
creeping along through a narrow valley, at the
base of enormous mountains. New Mexico must
remain together; it must be a State with its seven-
ty thousand people, and so it will be, and so will
be California.
But then, sir, suppose Texas to remain a unit,
and but one State for the present, still we have
three States—Texas, New Mcxico, and Califor-
nia. We have six Senators, then, for less than
three hundred thousand people. We have as
many Senators for three hundred thousand people
in that region as we have for New York, Pennsyl-
vania, and Ohio, with four or five millions of peo-
ple; and that is what we call an equal representation.
Is not this enormous? Have gentlemen consider-
ed this. Have they looked at it? Are they wil-
ling to look it in the face, and then say they embrace
; it? I trust in God the people will look at it gnd
; consider it. And now let me _ add, that this dis-
proportion can never
be diminished; it must remain
forever. How are you going to diminish if Why,
here is Texas, with a hundred and forty-nine thou-
