534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
sand people, with one State. Suppose that pop-
ulation should flow into Texas, where will it go
Not to any dense point, but to be spread over all
that region, in places remote from the Gulf, in places
remotefrom what is now the capital of Texas; and
therefore, as soon as there are in other portions of
Texas people enough within our common construc-
tion of the Constitution and opr practice in respect to-
the admission of States, my honorable friend from
Texas will have a new State, and I have no doubt
he has chalked it out already. Well, then, as to
New Mexico, there can be no more people there.
The man is ignorant, stupid, who has looked at
the map of New Mexico, and read the accounts of
it, who supposes there can Be any more people
there than there is now—some sixty or seventy
thousand. It is an old-settled country;the people
living along in the bottom of this valley on the two
sides of a little stream, a garter of land only on
one side and the other, filled by coarse landholders
and miserable'peons. It can sustain, not only under
this cultivation, but under any cultivation that our
American race should ever submit to, no more
people than there are there now. There will,
then, be two Senators for sixty thousand inhabit-
ants in New Mexico to the end of our lives and to
the end of the lives of our children.
Well, now, how is it with California? We pro-
' pose to take California, from the forty-second de-
gree north latitude down to the thirty-second degree;
we propose to take ten degrees of latitude along the
coast of the Pacific. All along that great distance
there are settlements, and villages, and forts; back it
is all wilderness, and barrenness, and Indian coun-
try. But if about San Francisco, and perhaps
down to Monterey, or a little to the north, there
shall be enough to make up one State, why the
people five hundred miles off in time to come.will
have another State, and then this disproportion of
Senators to the people will go on, and must goon,
and we cannot prevent it. I say, sir, that accord-
ing to my conscientious convictions, wc are now
fixing upon the Constitution of the United States
and upon our form of government a monstrosity—
a disfiguration—an enormity. Sir, I hardly dare
trust myself. I do not know that I may not be
under some delusion. I do not know that my head
is not turned. It may be that it is the weakness
of mine eyes that forms this monstrous apparition.
But if I may trust myself—if I may persuade my-
self that I am in my right mind—then it does ap-
pear to me that we in this Senate have been acting,
"and are acting, and are likely to be acting hereafter,
a part which will certainly form a remarkable
epoch in the history of our Government. I hold
it to be enormous—flagrant—and an outrage upon
all the principles of a popular representative Gov-
ernment, and upon the elementary provisions of
the Constitution under which we live, and which
we have sworn to support. But then, sir, what
frees the case from this enormity ? Why, it is that
we stipulate only that these new States shall be
brought in at a suitable time. Now, what is
to constitute the suitableness of time? Who is
to judge of it? I tell you, sir, that the suitable
time will come whenever the preponderance of
party power here makes it ncccssary to bring in
new States. The time will depend on the state of
our politics here, and not upon the condition of
these States elsewhere. Be assured, sir, there will
be a suitable time whenever strength, or party
power, or votes are wanting in this Senate. We
have some little experience of this. Texas came
in in suitable time—very suitable! Texas was
finally admitted in December,,1846. My friend
near me here, [Mr. Rusk,] for whom I ha-ve great
regard, whose acquaintance I have cultivated with
much pleasure, took his seat here, with his col-
league, in March, 1845. In July, 1846, these two
Texan votes turned the balance in the Senate, and
overthrew the tariff of 1842, in my judgment the
best system of revenue that was ever established in
this country. Gentlemen of differentopinions think
otherwise. They think it was fortunate. They
think the Texan votes came in in suitable time;
and they will take care that New Mexican votes
shall come m in suitable time also. I understand
it perfectly well. It is a difference of opinion be-
tween myself and them. To their policy, to their
object, to their purposes, the time was suitable, and
the aid was efficient and decisive. Sir, in 1850,
perhaps similar questions may be agitated here—
they are not likely to be before—but agitated they
will be then, unless some change in the course of
the administration of the Government take place;
and, according to my apprehension, looking to i
general results as flowing fYom our established sys- j
tem of commerce and revenue in 1850, two years ,
from this time, we may probably be engaged in a J
new revision of our system in the work of establish- j
ing,if we can, a tariff of specific duties; in the work >
of protecting, if we can, the domestic industry of :
this country,and in the work of preventing to some |
extent, if we can, the overwhelming flood of im- ]
portations. Suppose this to-be the case, and sup- j
posethatour opponents require additional strength, i
that will be exactly the suitable time for two Sen- J
ators from New Mexico to make their appearance |
here. . . j
But again, we hear other halcyon, soothing, qui- i
eting tones, which quiet none of my alarms, as- j
suage none of my fears, commend me to my nightly j
rest with no more resignation. It is said we may j
trust the popular branch of the Legislature—we \
may look to the House of Representatives, the j
great majority of whom are from the North and j
Middle States; and we may trust them, that these j
new States are not admitted sooner than they |
should be, or admitted for any party purpose. I
am compelled, by experience, to distrust all such
reliance. If we cannot rely on ourselves, when
we have a clear and unquestioned constitutional
authority, competent to carry us through,! beg to i:
know how ^'e are to rely on others? Have we
more respect for the patriotism, the firmness of;
others, than our own ? Besides, experience shows :
us, that thing.* of this sort may be sprung upon j
Congress and upon the people. It was so in the '
case of Texas. It was so m the twenty-eighth J
Congress. The members of the twenty-eighth 1
Congress were not chosen with the view to decide 1
thequestionofannexationornoannexation. They j
came here upon other grounds, political and party j
grounds, supported by their friends on one side ■
and the other, for reasons not connected with this !
question. -What then? Why, the Administra-'
tion sprung the question upon Congress. It ob- !
tained a snap-judgment, and carried the measure '
of annexation. That can be proved by many
facts. I will state one. There were four gentle- I
men in the House of Representatives from Con- 1
necticut, elected before this question arose, belong- ■
ing to the Democratic party. They had not been I
here long, before they entered into the spirit of ,
annexation; and, when this became known, re- ;
monstrances—public, psivate, and legislative—\
were uttered in sounds which any one could have ,
heard, who could hear thunder. Did it move these j
gentlemen? Notatall. Every one of them voted
for annexation. The election came round a few
months afterwards, and they were all turned out;
but what, did those care for that, who had the ben-
efit of their votes? Such agencies, or, if it be
proper to call them instrumentalities, maintain re-
spect no longer than they continue to be useful.
Sir, we take New Mexico and California. Who
is weak enough to think that there is an end ?
Why, do we not hear it avowed everyday, that it
is proper for us also to take Sonoraand Tamauli-
pas, and other provinces or States of northern
Mexico ? Who thinks that the hunger for domin-
ion will stop here of itself? Somebody has said
that this acquisition is so mean, and lean, and un-
satisfactory, that we shall seek no further. In my
judgment, sir, you may believe that, if you can
believe that a rapacious animal that has made one
unproductive foray won't try for a better! But
further; there are some things that we can argue
against with temper, and submit to, if overruled,
without mortification. There are other things that !
seem to aifect one's consciousness of being a rea-
sonable man, and evince a disposition to impose
upon his common sense. And of this class of top-
ics or pretensions, I have never heard of anything, j
and cannot conceive of anything more ridiculous ;
in itself, more absurd, and more affrontive to all (
sober judgment, than the cry that we are getting |
indemnity. Indemnity hy the acquisition of* New ■
Mexico and California! I hold them not to be \
worth a dollar, and we pay for them a vast sum of ;
money. We have,expended, as everybody knows, j
large treasures in the prosecution of the war; and ]
now, what is there to constitute indemnity ? What j
do gentlemen mean by it? Let us see how this
rrattcr stands. We get a country. We get a
country, in the first instance, either by cession or
acknowledgment of boundary—I care not which
way you state it—the country between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande. What this country is, ap-
pears from a publication of an honorable gentleman
in the other House, in which he quotes an account
given by Major Gaines. He says that ihe coun-
try is worth nothing; that he would riot hazard the
life of a single individual for every foot of land
from San Patricio to the valley of the Rio Grande. -
This gentleman has been there lately, and is well
acquainted with the condition of the country. So
far, then, as that part of our acquisition is con-
cerned, I take it for granted it is not worth a dollar.
Now, of New Mexico. Of that, forty-nine-fif-
tieths, at least, is a mere barren waste of desert
plain or mountain. There is no wood, no timber,
littl? fagots to light a fire, carried thirty or forty
miles on mules. There is no natural fall of rains
as in temperate climates. The place and scene are
Asiatic—enormously high mountains, runningup
some to the height of ten thousand feet, with very
narrow valleys at their bases, through which
streams sometimes trickle along; a garter winds
along, through the thread of which runs the Rio
Grande, from afar in the Rocky Mountains down
to the latitude of about thirty-three degrees, some
three or four hundred miles. There these sixty
thousand persons are. In the mountains, on the
right and left, are streams whose natural tendencies
would be as lateral streams to flow into the Rio
Grande, and in certain seasons of the year, when
the rains have been abundant in the mountains,
some of them do actually reach the Rio Grande;
but the greater part of them always, and all of
them for a greater part of the year, never reach
an outlet to the sea. They are absorbed in the
sandy and desert plains of the country. There is
no culture anywhere, save that which can be ob-
tained by artificial watering or irrigation. You
can have this along the narrow valley of the Rio
Grande, in the gorges of the mountains, where the
! streams are; but you cannot have it down along
the course of those streams that lose themselves in
the sands.
Now, sir, there is no public domain m New
Mexico. There is not a foot of land to be sold by
the Government. There is not an acre that will
become ours when the country becomes ours—not
an acre. But, more than this, the country is full
of people, such as they are. There is not the least
thing in it to invite the settlement of our planters
or farmers. There will go, I dare say, specula-
tors, traders—some of them adventurers, tired of
the good country in the valley of the Mississippi,
who desire to wander; but I undertake to say there
will not be two hundred farmers or planters from
the United States in New Mexico in the next fifty
years. They cannot live there. Do you suppose
they are going to cultivate lands which cannot be
made productive in the slightest degree without
irrigation? The people that are there produce little
and" live upon little. I believe the characteristic of
our farmers throughout this country is to produce
a good deal and consume a good deal. Again,
, New Mexico is not like .Texas. I had hoped, and
j still hope, that Texas is to be filled up by a popu-
i lation like ourselves—not by the Spanish race—
i not by neons—not by coarse, ignorant, vulgar land-
j lords, with tribes of slaves around them, predial
{ and otherwise.
Mr. RUSK. Will the honorable Senator allow
me one word? I did not like to interrupt the Sen-
ator when he was reading an account of the coun-
try lying in the valley of the Nueces. When that
country comes to be known, it will be found to be
as valuable as any portion of Texas. From its
source to its mouth, the valley of the Rio Grande
will be found the same thing.- I did not choose to
: interrupt the honorable Senator, but we do not
j claim it as indemnity, believing it to be our just
j and equitable right. So far as Mexican popula-
! tion is concerned, there is a good deal of it now in
| Texas, highly respectable, and amongst them those
| who have distinguished themselves as patriots—
men of intelligence and of worth. These are
! coming over and settling in Texas, encouraged by
' the prospect of peace.
Mr. WEBSTER. I take what I say in regard
to the valley of the Rio Grande from the statement
of Major Gaines. I am glad to hear that there is
a part of it fit for the foot of civilized man. I am
glad to hear, also, that there are some of the in-
habitants of New Mexico, who are not so besotted
with their miserable condition as not to make some
effort to get out of the country, and to come into
a fetter.
