gee
letter from the Clerk of the House, stating that
numerous volumes of Senate documents of the
twenty-eighth Congress, and the Senate documents
and Journal of the twenty-ninth Congress, " have
never been delivered for the use of the Library,"
and, as the calls for them are " numerous and fre-
quent," they are much nee3ed.
A motion was made, that when the House ad-
journs, it would adjourn to Monday next. Lost.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 24, 1848.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial from a num-
ber of Cherokee Indians, praying for the appoint-
ment of a Board of Commissioners to investigate
the claims of the Cherokees; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. RUSK also presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Texas on the subject of a post
route.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from John How-
ard & Son, praying permission for their line of
steamers between New York and New Orleans to
touch at Havana, without subjecting their cargoes
to be charged with import duties; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr.MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to continue, alter,
and amend the charter of the city of Washington;
which was read a first time.
On motion, ordered, that when the Senate ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
A message was received from the House re-
turning the bill to permit books, maps, &c., im-
ported for the use of the Library of Congress, to
lie received free of duty, with an amendment.
The Senate considered and concurred in the
amendment.
A message was also received, informing the Sen-
ate that the House of Representatives had agreed
to certain amendments of the Senate to the bill
further to supply the deficiency in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1848, and
had disagreed to others.
The amendments of the House were then con-
sidered and concurred in, after a few words from
Mr. DAVIS,of Massachusetts,and Mr. ATHER-
TON.
■On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, j
the Senate postponed the previous orders, and '
proceeded to consider a bill granting a pension to
Patrick Walker, who had lost one arm and the
hand of the other arm in the Mexican war.
The bill was supported by a few remarks from
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. HANNEGAN,
Mr. PHELPS, and Mr. MOOR, and was opposed
by Mr. TURNEY, and Mr. DAVIS of Missis-
sippi.
* No amendment being offered, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate. It was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and was subsequently read a third time,
and passed by the following vote, the yeas and
nays being demanded by Mr. Turkey:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Cadger, Bagby, Bald-
win, Benton, Bradbury, C<Jtloun, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Mason, Moor,
Phelps, Rusk, Spruanee, Underwood, and Upliam—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atheiton, Davis of Mississippi,
Dix, Hale, Hunter, Lewis, Nilps, and Turney 9.
THE LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded'to consider the bill authorizing a loan of
sixteen millions of dollars.
Mr, A. moved to amend the amendment reported
by the Committee of Finance, (relating to the man-
ner in winch the proposals shall be opened,) by
adding the words, "and no proposals shall be with-
drawn after they have been received attheTreasury
Department."
Mr. A. explained this amendment. The Secre-
tary had originally intended to invite bidders to be
present when the bids were opened. On inquiry,
it was found that the practice had been to admit
the officers of the department. The reason was, ,
that it had been discovered, that when bidders were I
present, they had, on finding other bids higher than j
their own, retired with the other bidders into an- |j
other room, and entered into a bargain with them ij
to share the loan on such terms as were agreed on. li
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to. jj
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
The yeas and nays were ordered on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. NILES moved an amendment, providing
that the loan should be divided, and made payable
at stated periods. He referred to the manner in
which the Government had hitherto managed their
loans, by which losses had been sustained by the
public, and individuals benefited. He wished the
loan to be a bona Jide one, subscribed by capital-
ists.
Mr. DICKIJfSON said the way to obtain a bona
fide loan, was to invite a competition from foreign
capitalists. He thought that our credit stood wqII
in Europe, and that, by recent circumstances in
France, it would be still further enhanced.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the bill be passed
over informally, for the purpose of giving him an
opportunity to move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the Senate had receded from its amend-
ment to the bill further to supply the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1848, relative to the keepers of the public ar-
chives in Florida.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Atherton
having moved to reconsider the vote,
Mr. WESTCOTT made an explanation as to
the effect of the amendment.
Mr. YULEE also added a few remarks in favor
of retaining the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ATHERTON spoke briefly in favor of re-
ceding from the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS asked if the keepers had any other
duties than the preservation of the public papers.
Mr. WESTCOTT said there were other duties
attached to the office. It was not merely the land
titles of the United States which were kept there.
The titles to all the private property there were kept
in these depositories. They had been kept there
for a hundred years, and the people of JPensacola
would not permit the papers to be removed.
Mr. HALE said this was all supererogatory
work,"as the people of Pensacola had settled the
business beforehand. He thought it unnecessary
to keep up the two officers.
Mr. YULEE complained, that the duties of these
officers were not understood. It was very import-
ant that the officers should be retained, because it
was necessary that the Government should have
the custody of the elements of title. He said the
j microscopic economists of the House had ignorant-
ly stricken out this amendment. He protested
against the haste with which the Finance Commit-
tee urged the passage of the bill, at the risk of this
important question, which was of much more im-
portance than the protesting of a Government note
or two. It was the duty of the committee to have
passed the bill earlier, instead of hurrying it now.
Mr. PHELPS thought this was a very small
affair to arrest the progress of an appropriation bill.
If inconvenience to the public should arise, it could
easily be rectified by the introduction of a bill. He
thought it not worth while to delay the bill, by re-
ceding from the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON gave the reasons which would
induce him to vote for a reconsideration.
Mr. ATHERTON defended himself from the
charge of delaying the action of the Senate on this
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, there were no two
more perfect sinecures than these offices, and he
hoped they would be stricken out.
The question on reconsideration was then de-
cided in the negative.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business. After some time, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 25, 1848.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole House
on the private calendar, (Mr. Gayle, of Alabama,
m the chair.)
The first bill taken up was the bill for the relief
of Captain Henry M. Shreve, which was debated
by Messrs. VENABLE, BROWN of Mississippi,
DANIEL, POLLOCK, FARRELLY, HOUS-
TON of Delaware, and MARVIN.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to amend the
bill by striking out the sum of $85,000 and insert-
ing $10,000. Lost.
Mr. TURNER moved to strike out $85,000 and
insert $25,000. Lost.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass. Agreed to.
The next bill taken up was for the relief of Da-
vid Myerle. It was debated by Messrs. HALL of
Missouri, HOLMES of South Carolina, WHITE,
CATHCART, and DANIEL.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside,
with the recommendation that it do not pass. Dis-
agreed to—ayes 54, noes 84.
The committee then rose and reported their pro-
ceedings to the House.
The bill for the relief of Henry M. Shreve was
laid on the table.
The bill for the relief of David Myerle was then
taken up.
Mr. DANIEL moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out $25,000 and inserting $10,000. Lost.
Mr. DANIEL moved to lay the bill on the table.
It wasdecided in the negative—yeas 53, nays 93.
The bill was then, under the operation of the
previous question, read a third time, passed, and
sent to the Senate for concurrence.
CASE OF CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. MULLIN, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report in the*case of Messrs. Jack-
son and M<3nroe, contestants for the seat in the '
House of Representatives of the United States as
Representative of *he sixth Congressional district
of New York. The two resolutions appended to
the report declare—
1st. That David S. Jackson is not entitled to the seat m
the House of Representatives a•> the Representative of the
sixth Congressional district of New York.
9d. That James Monroe is entitled to the seat m the
House as the Representative of the said sixth Congressional
district of New York.
JMr. JENKINS, on behalf of the minority of
the Committee of Elections, made a report, accom-
panied by two resolutions declaring—
1st. That David S. Jackson is entitled to the seat as the
Representative from the sixth Congressional district of New
York; and
2d. That James Monroe is not entitled to the seat <is the
Representative from the sixth Congressional district of New
York.
The report and the minority report were ordered
to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were pre-
sented under the rifle, and referred:
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of G. B. Burr and others,
prayingfor the establishmentof a post route in Louisiana.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Josiah Glumcy, jr.,
and 2,058 others, citizens of Massachusetts, praying for cheap
and uniform rates of postage.
By Mr. STROHM: Three petitions, signed by citizens of
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, praying for a new post route
fioui the Gap post office to the'village of Ephrata, in said
county
By Mr. GRINNELL : The petition of Wm, C. Starbuck,
and other citizens of Nantucket, asking an appropriation for
the construction of a breakwaterat Great Point, on the island
of Nantucket, to form a harbor of refuge for the numerous
ves^ls passing through the Vineyard sound. By a record
kept by the keeper or the lisht-boat, for the year 1847. there
passed in his sight 249 ship5, 1,669 brigs, 0,174 schooners,
2,444 sloops—affgregate 13,536, estimated to be two-thirds of
the whole number. -
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition and accompanying pa-
pers of Evander M. Soper, and others, of Wiscon&in, heirs-
at-law of Enos Soper, deceased, asking compensation in
land for services and expenditures of said Enos Soper, m
rai^ini? a volunteer company, as first lieutenant duimg the
la«t war with Great Britain.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of 85 citizens of Mont-
gomery and Miami counties, piaving (or the establishment
ot a mail route from Union, through Ficdericktow n, to Ilv-
att>vi!le.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of Du
Pai^e eountv, for reform in newspaper postage.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: Joint resolutions of the
Senate and Assembly of the State of New Ywk, against the
extenMon or renewal of the patent granted to Jethro Wood.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of J V. £haw, A. J. Ly-
dacker, and 75 other citizens of Rockland county, New York,
praying that the General Government shall no longer traffic,
nor permit traffic, in the public lands yet in its possession;
that they shall be laid out in farms and lots for the free use
of sueh citizens (not possessed of other lands) as will occupy
them, allowing to the settler the right to di-pose of his pos-
sessions to any one not possessed of other land; and that the
jurisdiction of the public lands be transferred to State* or
Territories only on condition that such a disposition shall be
made of them. Also, the petition cf Abraham Pitt and other
citizens of said county, on the same subject. Also, a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of New York, in-
structing the Senators and Representatives in Congress from
that State to oppose the passage of any law continuing or
renewing the Jethro Wood patent for.the cast-iron plough.
