1648.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
say, that the amendment he had moved contained ;i
no imputation of censure at alt against Colonel ;;
Johnson. He appealed-to the War'Department to
support his averment, that for years he had been -ji
laboring to get the Executive to come into this 'i
measure. How, then, could it be supposed that ji
he had any particular object now, like that of cast-
ing censure upon the Choctaw academy? He had j!
even objected to the proposition of the gentleman j,
from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] on the ground that it \\
was too invidious with reference to the Choctaw jj
academy; and his amendment was but a modifica- ji
tion of that, so as to make its application general. I|
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. More- i!
head] tells us, that, as the Choctaw academy was |j
to be wound up, there was no necessity for the jj
amendment. In reply to this, Mr. McK. would H
state again, what he had stated the other day, that jj
notwithstanding the determination to bring this j;
school to a close, he understood that efforts were ],
stiH made, and application had been made by Col- j-
onel Johnson himself, for its continuance. It was .
true, he did not learn this officially; he had heard |
it in the Indian Office. But even supposing this )\
rumor to be untrue, and that no such application ;!
had ever come from Colonel Johnson, still this !j
amendment would have the effect of an announce- ;
merit to the Executive thwt Congress approved of j!
the determination that hereafter the money appro- jj
priated for the education of the Indian tribes should ij
be expended iri their own country. It would only j!
force the Administration to do that which they jj
said they were no\v*willin£ to do. ;
Mr. McK. showed, from reading the report of j!
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for the yenr |
1B40, that the Chocttuv school was lo close within ,,
two years from that time; and, to avoid the failure ji
of such a detunninatitfn now, he desired to give to ^
the proposition to terminate this school the author- n
ity and the sanction of Congress. \\
Mr. Mc.tC. avowed openly, that he wished all
this money to be expended 111 the Indian country. |j
This was not intended as any prejudice to Colonel j
Johnson. The treaties provided that the money jj
should be expended in the Indian tribes. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania was mistaken in
supposing that the Executive alone could direct
the manner of applying this money. It was per-
fectly competent for Congress. Unless where a
treaty stipulated to the contrary, the application of
expenditures was to be made by Congress. But
in this case, there appeared to be a concurrence of
opinion between the Executive and Congress.
Mr. VINTON appealed to the committee to
allow the question to lie takun, that they might
dispose of tins bill and proceed to other business.
The question was put on the amendment moved
by Mr. Khbncii to Mr. McKay's amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment of
Mr McKay, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to add the fol-
lowing to the items relating to the Miamies :
" Provided, That tlieie shall be puiil lo any portion of the
tribe of M.uini imliiius now roHmtnim; in the Suu« oflnih-
aiiu surh portion ol the aimuiti"a and instalment* nbovw
provulwl, n* nhitli be the piopotiioa of wmi annuities and
in-lalinents to which f-aul members of the tribe remaining in
Indiana may he emithnl."
Mr. SMITH explained the amendment.
After some fuither conversation by Messrs.
THOMPSON, of Mississippi, ROOKHILL, and
BARRINGER, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved the following, as an addi-
tional section:
"Sec. 3. And be it /wither rti acted* That for the Indians
e&Fiol' the Rocky Mountains there shall he two superintend-
ents of Indian afihiis, with a compensation eaeli of $1,500
per annum, to have the general ouperintemleuce, umUn tbe
direction of the Secretary of War arid OoinmisMoiior of
Indian Affairs, of such tribe* as the President <>t the United
Stated mftV doem proper, and whose duties aixl pow.-r*- hhaJI
b<; those defined in the third section ot the act of June 30,
1834. providing tor the organization of the department ot ,
Indian affair.*; and the organization pri^ciibcd by that act i
shall he farther so modified that the number of agfiits >hali j
not exceed mne, and ttie number of sub-agents «ix, for all ,
the Indians ea.-tof the Rocky Mountains, except the Indians j
of Tf\as, to be tHsiyned to the eharg'i ol such tribes as the •
Secretary oHVnr, with the appiobation ot the Presidont, may i
prescribe, whose compensation eai-h shall be $1,*2G0 lor the ;
agents, at>d tor the dub-a^euts $800 per annum, vvluwtf pow- |
eh and duties shall he those defined and prescribed by the 1
said an of June 30, 1834: Provided, That whenever the i
position of any of the tubes, oi our lehttions with them, may
become *ochan«edas to require it, the President of the dm- !
ted States may so far exerew the power conferred by the •
fifth section of the above-mentioned act as to appoint sueh
additional sub-agents,at the salary herein prescribed, as may
be actually necessary."
Mr. McK. said, this was a proposition adopted
at the last session, on the recommendation of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. The amendment
limited the salary of the superintendent to $1,500,
and the sub-agents to $1,200. He read the report
of the Commissioner. The wholeamountof saving"
by the amendment would be $10,500.
Mr. VINTON did not know (he said) that this
amendment would not be a judicious measure; but
it was out of place in this bill, and would seem to
require an investigation before the proper commit-
tee. This was not a bill to organize public offices,
and appoint officers and regulate them, &c.; but a
bill to carry a treaty into effect. The appropriation
bills should be kept separate, if possible, from all
other legislation.
Mr, JACOB THOMPSON said, there was no
point made as to the amendment being: in order;
nut, if in orderf he would sustain it. There were
Indian agencies that were necessary. This meas-
ure, which would be sufficient for conducting the
affairs of the Indians, was recommended by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. It would save
the appointment of eight or ten agents.
Mr. McKAY said, the difference in compensa-
tion between the two measures would be about ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said, he un-
derstood this measure to be one for establishing a^
new system in regaid to the regulation of Indian™
affairs. It was a matter that should be proceeded
in with great caution. The system might require
revision; but it should only be done after full ex-
amination.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BARRINGER moved the following, to
come in at the end of the first section •
" For the removal of the Catauba tube of Indian1", now in
the It mils of the State of South Carolina, to the Indian eoun-
tiv we-t of the Mississippi, with the consent of said tribe,
under the direction of the President of the United States, a
sum not exceeding five thousand dollars."
Mr. B. advocated his amendment. He gave a
history of the Catawba tribe of Indians, the legis-
lation of South Carolina in regard to them, their
settlement in that State, and their present condition
and numbers. He insisted on the justice and hu-
manity of this appropriation to remove them from
the limits of South Carolina, and the authority of
this Government to do so.
Mr. SIMS said the facts were correctly stated
by the gentleman from North Carolina. The State
of Sooth Carolina did not permit the Indians to
sell the lands to private individuals. They had
leased them on long leases. The Stale had bought
out ihcse leases, after the number of the tribe had
been reduced to n loss number than a hundred.
Tins was an n<*t ot knftness and liberality to the
tribe. He had risen merely to repel any supposi-
tion of unkindness on the part of the State to these
people.
Mr. BARRINGER stated that the remnant of
Catawbas were desirous of removing west, to join j
their brethren; and he'had proposed eight thousand
dollars for that purpose; but he would reduce the
sum to five thousand dollars.
Mr. McKAY would ask his colleague, he said,
whether this remnantof a tribe were not citizens of
South Carolina. Besides, if they were removed,
wheie were they to go? It hod been usual for the
Government to provide land in advance of the re-
moval of Indians, if their removal was to be pro-
posed.
Mr. BARRINGER said it belonged to the Uni-
ted States Government to regulate this subject.
Mr. SIMS had no doubt, he said, of the benevo-
lent intentions that dictated this proposition. If ;
we interfered in this matter, it would bean nil mis- ,
sion that these Indians were under the jurisdiction i
of the United Slates, and not under that of the 1
State of South Carolina. This would unsettle titles j
derived under the arrangement between the State :
and the Catawba Indians. But there was no ne- I
cei sity for this measure. The agent of the State |
of South Carolina had funds in his hands to re- I
move them whenever they pleased. They were j
not paupers. The State had provided for their j
wants; and they were not to be considered as sub- j
ject to, or beneficiaries of, this Government. The :
last information he had on this subject was, that j
negotiations were going on to provide for the tribe j
a place in the mountain regions of South Carolina, j
On both of these grounds, he protested against the j
i amendment. It would be an unauthorized assump- 1
tion on the part of this Government, and was wholly
unnecessary. * .
Mr. BARRINGER did not doubt the right npr
the ability of South Carolina to take care of these
Indians. But the Government could now remove
them at their discretion, without interfering with
any right-formerly claimed or exercised over them ,
by the State of South Carolina: They had peti-
tioned Congress to connect them with some other
tribe of Indians in the west, and remove them.
They were entitled to this degree of care from thja
Government, besides the aid which they would re-
ceive from South Carolina. The State of South
Carolina could not do this, because she would re-
quire a treaty with an Indian tribe—the Cherokees
or the Chickasaws.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to add to Mr, Bar-
ringer's amendment the following proviso;
"Provided, That no portion of this sum shall he expended
for the purpose of removing t-oid Indian*, until the President
shall fir^t obtain a home for them among some of the tribe#
west of the Mississippi river, with their consent, and with-
out any charge upon the Government."
Mr. BARRINGER accepted Mr. Thompson's
amendment.
And the amendment as modified was then agreed
to.
The committee then rose and reported the bill.
Mr. PHELPS moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and, tinder its operation* the
various ai"nerdments of the Committee of the
Whole were agreed to.
The lull was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
bring engrossed, was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. JVJcKAY, the title of the bill
was amended by adding thereto the words "and
for oLher purposes."
On motion of Mr. GAINES,
Rewind, That ft si-li'CI roiiimincp he appointed, whose
duty it .-hull lie to inqune into tin- expediency of extending
the provisions of the net of Consrcs* for the benefit ol ilie
Sumvui" Ollic.-is <111(1 MiIdi'Ts of the revoltitioirtiry nrmy,
parsed on the 7th nf'.lnnr, I8:>2, so as to embrace those who
were ciignged in the Will's, ol the United Stale.', which occur,
red between the tieaty of pence with Great Britain in l/ftj,
and the treaty of Greenville, wilh the Indians, i«|J/95; alia
that said committee have leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be In-
structed toinqnire into iho expediency of extending the time
for payment for lands claimed under any of the preemption
law* to three yews.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 27, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the, Uniteif Slates, transmitting tbc report of the
Secretary of Stale, with accompanying documents,
in compliance with a resolution of the 17th instant,
nskin;; for copies of the correspondence between
the Minister of the United Stales at London ahd
the British authorities in relation to a postal ar-
rangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of'War,
transmitting fifty-eight copies ot jhe Army Regis-
ter.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. FELCH presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan, relative" to reimbursing
the'State for fitting out the first regiment of Michi-
gan volunteer infantry; which was referred lo the
Committee on Military Allan's.
Also, in relation to the construction of a military
road from Green, on Lake Michigan, to Lake Su-
perior; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, 111 relation to a grant of alternate sections
of land in aid tf internal improvements in the
State of Michigan; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, in relation to a grant of land for the erec-
tion of a State asylum for the insane and deat ana
dumb; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FOO'l'E presented resolutions of the btate
of Mississipm, m relation to the comi'"on
second Mississippi rifles and the battalion in 3Sew
Orjeans; vvhic h ^vaa referred to the Committee on
^IsoTi^rel'aTion to drugs and chemicals adulter-
ated and sent into the United States; winch was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
