5 48
in the passage of a Jaw prohibiting the introduction
of slavery in territories now free.
While J think I have shown that it is for the
interest of all sections to secure freedom in our ter-
ritories, I am confident it is a matter in which the
people of New England are deeply concerned.
The comparatively barren soil of this section of
our Union is fast being occupied, and thousands
yearly emigrate from it to the far West. A large
portion of the children of the present population
will find it necessary to seek the cheap lands of
that remote region. The moistened tear of affec-
tion will witness their departure; a parent's solici-
tude will follow them ;• the blessing of Heaven
will be invoked in their behalf. Yes, sir, and the
fathers in New England will demand of the men
whom they send here that they give their voices to
provide for their children an asylum as free as their
own mountain home. Who, sir, will resist the
demand? Not, X trust, any New Englander. At
all events, sir, I can speak for one. My vote shall
never be recorded in this House against the free
laborers of this country, nor against their posterity.
My views may differ from some of my political
friends upon this floor, but I have felt it my duty
to give them fully and freely. That duty has been
performed. I will add that 1 shall most cheerfully
vote for the restriction of slavery contained in the
bill now under consideration.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell, announcing
the expiration of the gentleman's hour.
Mr. HILLIARDgot the floor, and the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
•Mr. McKAY, in pursuance of notice, introduced
a joint resolution directing the heads of the several
departments of Government to make their annual
reports and have them printed immediately after
the close of the fiscal year. Read and committed.
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Maryland, in relation to
Whitney's plan' of a railroad from Lake Michigan
to the Pacific; in relation to the harbor at Havre
de Grace; and in relation to the claim of General
Baron de Kalb. Laid on the table.
Mr. MEADE asked the general consent of the
House to enable him to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the bill changing
the time for holding the district courts of the Uni-
ted States in the western district of Virginia, and
for other purposes. Objected to.
Mr. HASKELL gave notice that, on to-mor-
row or on Monday next, he would introduce a
resolution in relation to the recent political events
in France.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported bills for the relief
of Dr. Adolphus Wislizenus; for the relief of
Charles Ahrenfeldt and John P. H. Yogt; of
Lawrence Daley; of David Shepherd; of Isaac
Shepherd; of A. C. Bryan and others; which bills
were severally read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
on the petitions of Sylvester Comora, R. P. Whit-
ney, Richard M. Adams,and William Fitzpatrick.
Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, the following
resolution, which was read, and laid over under
the rule:
Rcsolwd, That the Secretary of ttie Tieasnrv he requested
to tunnsli to this House at an enrly day, the information
asked lor by a iPsohition ot the House ot' Representative.,
passed onthe29t!i day of February last, m relation to the
cleiks inquired m the different bureaus of the Treasury b'e-
parlmcnt, or to give the reason why the mfoimalion has not
been communicated.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Lewis.D. Of-
field and Sarah A. Wirt, widow of John T. Wirt.
Laid on the table.
Mr. CHOWELL, from the same committee, re-
ported hills for the relief of Charles R. Allen, of
Richmond, Virginia;and of Almedus Scott. Read
and committed.
Also, trom the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of Manuel Hoover, Isaac
King, of Missouri, m behalf of J. E. Ball and G.
J. Wasson, heirs of William Hudson and Wiliiam
D. Gibson. Laid on the table.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, reported
bills for the relief of the widow and children of
Colonel William R. McKee; of Captain Dan
Drake Henrie; of Major John P. Gaines; and of
Sally Knowlton, widow of Elijah Bragdon, de-
ceased; which bills were severally read and com-
mitted.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported bills to increase the efficiency of the reve-
nue marine and appropriating money to remove
the sunken rocks in the harbor of New York.
Read and committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee,
reported bills to refund to Charles A. Kellet ton-
nage duties and light money paid on the Chinese
junk Keying, and to provide a custom-house at
Wiscasset. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to provide for the ventilation of
passenger vessels and for other purposes, reported
the same back to the House with amendments;
which bill was left on the Speaker's table.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to reduce
the minimum price of the Miami lands in Indiana,
reported the same back to the House. Laid on
the table.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petition of citizens of the north-
western part of Ohio for a reduction of the price of
the public lands on the Miami extension and the
Wabash and Erie canals. Laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the same
committee, made a report on the resolution of the
House relative to extending the benefit of the boun-
ty-land system to officers of the army, and moved
its reference to the Committee of the Whole House.
A conversation ensued between Mr. EVANS
and Mr. COBB, of Georgia; and on motion of Mr.
COBB, the report was laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS also, from the same committee,
made a report on the petition of citizens of Mont-
gomery county, Ohio, praying that the American
soldiers of the army of Mexico who have become
officers may receive bounty lands, and moved its
reference to the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. B ARRINGER, it was laid on
the table.
Mr. EVANS also made unfavorable reports on
the petitions of Geo. McKay and of citizens of
Pulton county, Indiana, for a grant of land in lieu
of a certain 16th section for school purposes. Laid
on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill to attach a portion of the north-
western land district, Louisiana, to the Red river
district, Louisiana. Read and committed.
Mr. GOGGLN", from theCommittee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, asked that said committee
be discharged from the further consideration of a
memoiial in relation to a distributing office at Elk- j
ton, Maryland, and that it be laid upon the table. I
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, the !
report was committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
And £hen the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. STUART, of Michigan : The petition of citizens
of the counties ot Calhoun and Kalamazoo, Michigan, for a
mail loute fioin Batile Creek, in the county oi Calhoun, to
Schoolcraft, m the county of Kalamazoo, via the Steam Mill,
on Section 8. in the town of Le Roy; thence, by the most
d1iect route, to the centre of Section e, in the town of Athene
in Calhoun county; thence west, through and near the centre
of the town o{ Wakeslima, and through the town of Brad v.
in the county of Kalamazoo aforesaid.
By Mr. HUNT. The petition of 167 citizens of Orleans
county, New York, asking that the public lands be divided
into a-mall firms and made fiee for actual settlers.
By Mr. MULLIY: Tiie petition of (J. Johnson and
otheif, citizens ol the county of Jefferson, New Yoik, oray-
ir.g Cungr. to pmhil.it any tuithei sales of the public lands ;
and that they he given to actual settlers, in &mall quantities,
wit.i leave to sell the same to others not ownmgsuch lands.
By Mr. PALFBEY: The petition of Eben Ritchie Dorr
praying compensation as acting chaig£ d-ati.iires in <Jn!i.
By Mr. MultSE: The petition of John D. Tucker and 98
others, prajingfortlie estabhshmentofapost route m Louisi-
ana
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of U. D. Kello™, Ilenrv
Caiiisle, and others, citizens of Newton Fall*. Trumbull
county, Ohio, remonstrating against the renewal of the pat-
tent ot Jethro Wood's can-non plough.
By Mi STARKWEATHER: A remonstrance, signed by
W illiam Comstock and 175 others, of Otsego county, Nevv
York, against the lenewaJ of the'patent lor the cast-iron
plough ai an ted to Jethro Wood.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of John Emerson and 119
others, praying that Congios inay piss a law emancipating
Enza Herbert and Caroline, her daughter; and to relund the
money to the purchasers on a sale"in favor of the United
btates. Also, the petition of E. J. Chase, to inquire into
res*enue ordeis. Al&o, the remonstrance of Aaron Davis
and 42 othei citizensof Keenc, New Hampshire, a*ain«tan
extension of tne patent of Jethro Wood. Also, toepetiuon
of J. P. Williston and 30others, citizens of Massacliiwftts,
praying that Congress will inquire into the constitutionality
of slavery m the United State?. Ate o, the petition of David
Jay and others, of Indiana, to withhold further supplies to
carry on the Mexican war.
By Mr. BINGHAM: A petition for the establishment of a
mail-route from Dexter to Howell, in the State of Michigan.
Also, the petition ofC. L. Thompson, of Michigan, for relief
on aecountof a mail contract.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The petition of 35 masters of vessels
and 22 owners and others,asking for a light-house on Blaek-
i%ton'« Island, in Potomac river. Also, the memorial of the
German Catholic St. Joseph's Soeiet.v, asking an act of in-
corporation. Also, the petition of 85 merchants, masters of
vessels, and others asking for the construction of a light-
house on Blac'uston's Island.
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
Joshua Russell, of Greene coonty, PennsvH ania. praying to
be placcd on the invalid pension rott. Also, a petition pray-
in*? that the first and second regiments of Pennsylvania vol-
unteers now in Mexico, m consideration of their reduccd
numbers and of their arduous and distinguished services, be
honorably discharged.
By Mr! POLLOCK: The petition of Thomas Molynew
and 12 others, citizens of Sullivan county, Pennsylvania,
praying fot the establishment of a maii-routc from Wilhams-
poit, Lycoming county, by way of the valley of the Loyal-
sock creek, to Cherry, in Sullivan county, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of William Baitley and 59 others, praying
for the establishment of the said mail-route. Also, the pe-
tition of George D. Jackson and 15 others, praying for the
same.
By Mr. RUM;?£Y: The remonstrance of citizcns of
Groveland, Livingston county, New York, against the re-
vival of the patent for Jethro Wood's east-iron ploujh.
By Mr. HOLMES, of Sontlr Carolina: The memorial of
Charles Lee Jones, of the city of Washington, asking redress
for certain grievances connected with a battalion of volun-
teers now in Mexico.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Alfred F. Ran-
dolph, of Genoa, De Kalb county, Illinois. Also, the peti-
tion of citizens of Jackson Creek, Will county, Illinois, for
a mail-route from Joliet, to Lafayette, Indiana. Also, the
petition of D. Skidmora and 105 others, from Sencca Falls,
New York, in favor of land refoim. Also, the petition of
Joseph Ilobbs, of Buscaw, for an extension of the benefits
of the bounty-land law.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, JMarch 28, 1848.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Mmesota, asking that the limits of that
Territory may be defined, and a territorial govern-
ment organized; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. i)IX presented a petition from citizens of
Livingston county, Hew York, asking an investi-
gation into the conduct of Colonel Childs, Govern-
or of Jalapa, in forcing American soldiers to do
homage to the Catholic Host at the peril of their
lives; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, from Mehitable Gibbs, widow of a revo-
lutionary soldier, for a pension; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from Eli-
jah McDougall, asking to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a joint
1 resolution of the Legislature of that State, in favor
I of an appropriation for the improvement of the
] harbor of Havre-de-Grace; which was referred to
I the Committee on Commerce.
j Also, from Charles Lee Jones, setting forth the
i manner in which he was induced to raise a corps
I of volunteers in the District of Columbia, as he
i alleges, on the faith of the Executive that he should
! have the lank of lieutenant colonel, with the com-
j mand of the corps, and of the course subsequently
j pursued to him, by which he was prevented from
: obtaining the promised rank, after expending his
j energies and means in raising the corps, and pray-
i ing the appointment of a committee to investigate
his case; which was referred to the Committee on
: Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide
a military asylum for the relief and support of
invalid soldiers of the army of the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
[The first pection provides that the Secretaries of
War and the Treasury, and Adjutant General of the
Army, constitute a Board of Commissioners to reg-
ulate and govern the same. All soldiers serving
twenty years, or who may be rendered unfit for
service through wounds or disease, to be admitted
to the privileges of the institution, if such disabil-
ity be not occasioned by misconduct. No deserter,
mutineer, or habitual drunkard will be received
without sufficient evidence of reformation as the
commissioners may deem sufficient. Any soldier
