1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
admitted who shall recover his health (being under
fifty years of age) shall be discharged. No soldier
convicted of«ny serious crime since he entered into
the service can be admitted. It deducts from the
pay of every soldier (regular or volunteer) twenty .
cents per month in support of the same,}
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affaire, reported n bill for the relief of Daniel Wil-
kinson, accompanied by a report. The bill was
read a first time.
Mr. WESTCQTTj, from the.Committee of
Claims-, reported the following House bills without
amendment, and-recommended their passage:
A-n act for tlve relief of "Reuben Perry and Tho-
mas P. Li^gon,
An act for the relief of Stalker & Hill.
An act for the relief of Bennet M. Dell.
The House bills lying on the Secretiu'y's table
V/ere read twice and referred.
On motion of Mr. TURKEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by Jaw
for the punishment of such peiM ns as may surreptitiously
-obtain and make public any confidential communication
jwadft by the President of the United States to the Senate
previous to the removal of the injunction of seeiecy.
On motion of Mr, CAMERON,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested 10 communicate to flic Senate a copy of ttoeinstiuc-
tions from the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Brazil to Mr,
Leal, the Brazilian Chaig£ d'Aflfaires at Washington, under
4ate of the 31st of May last, and by him communicated to
the Department of State, -of the notes of Mr. Buchanan to
Mr. Leal of the 20th Augu*t and 15th November last, and of
*he documents therein referred to: Provided, That in Jus
c.piniori fhe communication can be made compatibly with
«he public interest.
Mr. CAMERON explained that a portion of
this correspondence "had been already communi-
cated, and that the residue, now called for, was
accessary to a proper understanding of the case.
' Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
etrucied to inquire intothc piopriety and expediency of pto-
vidins bylaw for the allowance of bounty land to Gilbert
Blidley, late a regular soldier in the United States army,
and honorably discharged therefrom.
Mr, WESTCOTT briefly called the attention
of the Senator from New York, who was a mem-
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
with whom he had had some conversation on the
subject, to the case referred to in his resolution.
A minor by the namfeof Gilbert Dudley, belonging
to the State of New Jersey, had enlisted some
years ago, and had been with General Taylor in
all his glorious and well-fought battles, and had
distinguished himself on several occasions. He
had been honorably discharged only nine days
before the passage of the act granting bounty
lands, and under this view of the case, Mr. W.
thought he ought to be entitled to the benefit of
the act. Mr. W. had no doubt there might be
others placed in the same predicamcrU who were
likewise entitled to like privileges.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. RUSK,
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be
requested to furnish the Senate with any information that
he niav p^esa touching the superior merit*of ili« repeating
firearm* invented by Samuti Colt; and that he be further
requested to submit hit* opinion a* to the propriety of pro-
viding for the mote general adoption of the aforesaid arms
by the United States for the protection of the Mexican and
Indian fionhers, either by procuring a full supply from the
inventor, or by the purchase from the inventor Of the right
to allow the aforesaid arms to be constructed at the Govei n-
inentarwrories.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the resolution
'adopted yesterday permitting Mr. Palmer to add
to his commercial report on the state of Siberia,
&c., was reconsidered, and the resolution was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported against the printing of the petition of
Midshipman Rodgers.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the unfavorable report
on the petition of Gustavus Dorr "was recommit-
ted.
THE CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to ascertain and
liquidate the claims arising out of the capture of
California.
Mr. CASS said the object of the bill was ex-
plained by the title. The evidence which had been
brought before the Military Committee showed
the necessity for the measure proposed by this bill
for the purpose of settling claims connected with
the occupation of California. The only mode of
accomplishing this was to send out a commission
to ascertain and pay the claims. He briefly touched
on the part which Colonel Fremont had taken in
the occupation of California, and the consummate
skill and courage which he had evinced in an ex-
pedition teeming with extraordinary and romantic
interest.
On motion of Mr. DIX, who stated that it was
the desire of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance to pass the loan bill to-day, the bill was then
passed over informally.
THE LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON,the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the.bill to authorize
a loan of sixteen millions of dollars.
Mr. PHELPS rose and addressed the Senate.
Dry as the subject of finance is, he did not expect
to throw any charm upon it: he would ohly treat
it as a matter of business. There were three as-
pects in which the bill was to be considered : How
do our expenditures agree with our income; what
is the condition of the treasury in reference to its
means and resources; and what are the available
means in the treasury to meet its engagements ?
In the remarks he had previously made, he had*
endeavored to show the condition of the treasury.
Me had accordingly charged all the loans about to
be negotiated as debts, as he desired to show all
the obligations of the treasury. The chairman of
the Committee on Finance took a different course—
his object being to show all the available means of
the treasury. He then went on to explam the dif-
ferent process of reasoning which each hndadopted,
by which they had arrived at results which seemed
to be contradictory.
As to the amount of our public debt, he looked
upon it as not capable of being exactly ascertained.
Its minimum may be fixed, but its maximum is to
be determined by events to occur hereafter. He
had made calculations on the subject, the details
of which he read from a paper before him. The
actual debt he estimated at nearly ninety-three mil-
lions. Looking forward to the termination of the
war, at some period, he added twenty millions,
which would make the minimum of one hundred
and thirteen millions: what the maximum may be,
no one can tell. By another mode of calculation,
based on the Secretary's estimate, ho made the
aggregate of one hundred and seven millions. In
this calculation, he had only included liquidated
debt. It was impossible t6 calculate the amount
of unliquidated debt, in the form of claims, which
will come in on us to an extent which cannot be
estimated. We have already passed a bill to raise
ten thousand men, the expense ot which is not taken
into the estimates of the Secretary. Another bill
is on our tables for the raising of twenty thousand
volunteers; and for these, not a cent is estimated.
Then there are the land bounties, the pensions, the
miscellaneous claims, losses, contracts, &c.
He referred to a claim, a report on which had
been made and laid on thetablesof Senators, which
looked to compensation for summer and winter
clothing, cotton shirts, boots andshoes. He knew
not, if claims of this kind were to be made good,
where our expenses would stop. Claims would
come in for losses of horses and mules. We had
some experience of this sort of claim in our Indian
wars, which had shown that Congress was the best
market in the world for horses and mules. He
believed that our debt could not at this moment be
less than one hundred and fifty millions.
In reference to certain errors which had been
charged against some of his foimer statements, he
expressed^his entire willingness to receive correc-
tion. But if he had erred, he had the consolation
of being in very honorable company; for the errors
of the Secretary had attracted general observation.
It was of the utmost importance to approximate as
nearly as possible to accuracy in estimating the
receipts and expenditures of the curient and com-
ing years. In his estimate on this point, he had
been charged with error. He was not convinced
of error by this statement. On the contrary, he
believed the result would not falsify his calcula-
tion. It had been said that the receipts to this
period exceeded what he had estimated for the
year. He admitted the fact of the extraordinary
receipts, but attributed it to circumstances which
had ceased to operate, and which were not likely
to'return. Importations would soon fall olf. He
read an extract from a New York paper as to the
market price of dry goods, to show that no extew-
siveimportationswouid be likely during the present
year, the stock on hand being unusually heavy. If
the spring importations do not come in, what is to
make up our revenue for the next year?
Excessive importations he deprecated, as tend-
ing to great commercial distress, and forming a very
improper ground for the congratulations which the.j
Secretary had expressed in his report. They led
to the creation of a foreign debt, to private bank-
ruptcy, and to a long train of evils. Our recent
prosperity is entirely to be attributed to excessive
exports, which are not likely to continue. The
favorable change we have witnessed is not refer-
able to any legislation on our part. It is the result
of circumstances which have been independent of
any wisdom on our part.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill was read a third time.
On the demand of Mr. HALE, the yeas and
nays were ordered on the passage of the bill.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Alherton, Bag-
by, Bell, Berrien, Breese, Butler, C.ameron, Davis of Massa-
eliup-etiSjDavisoi Mi^is-ippi,Dayton, Dickinson, Dix,Doug-
la--', Downs, Foote, Hannegaiv, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, Lewi*, Manguin, Miller,
Mooi, Nih-s, Phelps, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, west-
cotr, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, and Ilnle—S.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, offer a joint resolution,and, in order that
it might lie understood, he would read it. Mr. A-
then read the following:
Revived. 4*c., That, m the name and behalf of the Ameri-
can people, tiie congratulations of Confess are hereby ten-
dered to the people ot Fiance upon their success m their
recent efforts to consolidate liberty by imbodjing its prin-
ciples in a republican form of government.
Resolved, That the Pi cedent of the United States be, an4
hei^heiebv, r^nue^ted to transmit this resolution to the
American Minister at Paris, with instructions to present tt
to the French Government.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein^ the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,'
Wednesday, March 29, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CHASE rose to a privileged question, and
moved the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to: .
Revolved, That James Monroe, who contests the seat of
David ri. Jackson, have leave to be heaid m person at the
bar of this Hou«e.
Mr. SLINGERLA3TD gave notice that on to-
morrow, or at an early day thereafter, he would
ask leave to introduce a bill to give to actual set-
tlers the benefit of limited quantities of the public
lands for a nominal compensation, and to prevent
speculation in the same.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK, the bill to autho-
rize a loan not to exceed the sum of sixteen mil-
lions of dollars, which was this day returned from
the Senate with sundry amendments, was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEPHENS asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing: resolution: A
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire into the propriety and 1111-
ponaiice of having the ga& lantern, with the hxtiiresapper-
rainiiK' thereto, erected over the central dome of the Cnpitoi,
propeflv piotected with a lightning-rod, or ol having the same
immediately removed.
Being: objected to, the resolution was not re-
ceived.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was dl6C^rSe
from the consideration of the memorial of Robert
Mills, relative to a new route to the ^.lfi , ^
with a plan for the transportation of desp
Astoria, and 5{ the Committee
Mr. J. R. further to amend
on the Judiciary, reP°Jl^patj'ite(l States. Read
the judicial system of the United o
and committed.
soldiers' bounty LAIsDS.
for a limited time, an additional
