1-848. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQKi.
551
Mr. MILLER advocated the passage of the
resolution. He said it was impossible to muster
these regiments into the public sevice under two
or three months, apd during that time there was
subsistence and other expenses in getting the
regiments to the place of rendezvous, which must
be assumed by somebody in the absence of all le-
gislation on the subject. These expenses had been
assumed, and he hoped there would be no further
delay in passing this resolution, that these sums
might be refunded.
Mr. DUNCAN also advocated the passage of
the resolution, giving to the committee a recital of
several cases in which private individuals of limit-
ed means had patriotically come forward, and ad-
vanced money for the Government, which should
be at once returned.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, also urged the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, thought it required
some qualification, with which he was willing to
vote for it. He pointed out how it might operate
unequally, remarking that it should be guarded so
as to provide for the repayment of any money that
an officer of the United States would have been au-
thorized to pay if he had participated in the mus-
tering, subsistence, and transportation, of these
regiments.
The question was then put on Mr. Brown's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to amend the
resolution by adding after the words " Provided,
however" the words " that proof shall be made of
the amount thus expended to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of War, and."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McICAY thought there was a preliminary
objection to the resolution. The Constitution of
the United States provided that no money should
be drawn from the treasury but by the operation
of law. He therefore moved to strike out the
commencement of the resolution, and substitute
the usual enacting clause of bills.
After a few words between Mr. HARALSON-
and Mr. McKAY, the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. McKAY also pointed out the provision for
subsistence as going beyond the usages of Con-
gress, which he thought should be brought within
reasonable limits.
Mr. BURT said that the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Haralson] must know, he could not fail to
know, as all the members of the House well knew,
that when a volunteer corps raised within a State was j
ordered to repair to an appointed rendezvous, the |
companies which composed it were often raised and !
organized sometimes at the distance of two hun-
dred miles from the point of rendezvous, and that;
they needed to be subsisted and their transporta- i
tion paid for between the time of their organization
and their actual arrival at the rendezvous and be-
ing mustered into the service of the United States.
Now, the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
McKay] would not be understood as saying that
these companies the moment they were organized
began to receive pay, subsistence, and mileage to
cover their transportation to the rendezvous. He
could not have intended to advance such a posi-
tion as that, because every man who heard him
knew that such was not the fact. The object of
the resolution was to provide the necessary means
of transporting these several companies composing
l-egiments or battalions to their place of rendezvous;
and, where moneys had been advanced by indi-
viduals or by States for this purpose, to require
the sums to be refunded out of the treasury of the
United States.
Mr. McKAY here read the words of the exist-
ing law, which provided a certain allowance to be
paid to volunteers, "from the period of their leav-
ing their homes to their arrival at the place of
rendezvous.''
Mr. BURT (resuming) observed that he had
not been edified at all by the extract the gentleman
had read to him, nor did he believe the committee
had been much enlightened by it. Had Mr. B.
time now to go into an exposition and construction
of the law, he should like to show the gentleman
that lus interpretation of its provisions on this
point was unsatisfactory. -If the gentleman really
wanted the committee to understand him as main-
taining that these companies were to be paid their
allowances in advance, to cover the expenses of
their journey from their homes to the place of ren-
dezvous, he would find that he failed to convince
them of any such position.
Mr. McKAY disclaimed any such intention.
Mr. BURT said he felt very sure the gentleman
could not have intended to say so. The money
was not advanced to these companies by the Gov-
ernment to transport them to their place of rendez-
vous, and how were they to get there? He was
aware that, after they arrived and were mustered
iqto service, their pay and subsistence immediately
commenced; but how were they to get there unless
somebody advanced the necessary means? In some
cases patriotic officers, who felt a great interest in
recruiting soldiers for the war, made these ad-
vances out of their own pockets; sometimes it was
done by other patriotic individuals; and would the
gentleman from North Carolina stand up here and
say that such men ought not to have their money
repaid? Yet that was the question.
The gentleman had some experience himself in
the sort of legislation he now recommended; for
he had reported a joint resolution at a former ses-
sion to refund money advanced for the volunteers
by the States, the amount to be deducted from the
pay of the privates. The gentleman succeeded in
getting such a resolution passed by both Houses;
but the Secretary of War promptly reported it to
be impracticable to carry it into practice. It was,
in practice, a simple impossibility to deduct these
amounts so advanced by State authority from the
pittance paid to the common soldier. And the
gentleman from North Carolina had subsequently
offered another resolution on the same general sub-
ject, in which that objectionable and odious feature
had been omitted, and it was omitted because it
could not be carried out. The thing had been tried
and it could not be done.
Mr. B. did not know but the gentleman's objec-
tion to another part of the resolution was better
founded. He did not see the necessity of piovid-
ing for refunding moneys which had been advanced
after the troops had been mustered into service,
because such moneys were always paid by the
proper officers. If, m any particular case, they
iiad been unable to do it," the fact had not come to
Mr. B.'s knowledge. He therefore thought it pro-
per enough to strike out the clause, " or for sub-
sisting troops in the service of the United States,
or for money advanced to the commanding officer
of any regiment, battalion, or company for the pui-
poses aforesaid." He made that motion.
Mr. HARALSON said he had no objection to
striking out the first portion of this clause, viz:
" or for subsisting troops in the service of the Uni-
ted States;" but he must oppose striking out the
latter portion, viz: " or for money advanced to the
commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or
company, tor the purpose aforesaid."
Mr. H. made some remarks in support of this
objection, which (111 consequencc of his turning
away) were not heard by the reporter.
Mr. BURT said that the gentleman's object
would be accomplished by his amendment. The
expenses incurred by the officer in transporting
troops to the rendezvous would still be covered,
it covered all the expenses of bringing troops to
the place of rendezvous, and till they were actu-
ally mustered into service, whether the money was
advanced by a State, a city, or any one else.
Mr. HARALSON differed from the gentleman
from South Carolina on this point. He admitted
that the resolution would cover expenses of trans-
portation, so far as the troops and officers were
concerned, but it would not ensure the refunding of
money advanced by individuals, because they had
not " incurred expenses in organizing, subsisting,
or transporting" the troops; they had only ad-
vanced money. Where could be the necessity of
striking out the last part of the clause ? " The
commanding officer o( any regiment, battalion, or
company''' was an officer of the United States. If
the gentleman's amendment prevailed, the money
advanced by him would not be included. If the
gentleman meant to relieve such cases, why not
say so m so many words? Retaining the clause
would only make the meaning more clear. Mr.
H. was willing to accept the amendment so far as
the first clause was concerned, but not the second.
Mr. BURT, with a view to remove the gentle-
man's objection, was willing to amend by adding,
after the words " expenses incurred," the further
wordy " or .sums of money paid by them," so as
to read u that the Secretary of War be, and he is
' hereby, authorized and required, to .cause to be
' refunded to individuals, citizen.? of. jthe United
' States, the amount of expenses .incurred, pf fums
' of money advanced Ixy them, in organijiiijg^ su.b-
'sisting, 01- transporting volunteers previous to
' their being mustered and received into .the service
' of the United States." All .he wished w.as to pro-
vide for covering the whole expense of fringing
organized companies of volunteers to.their respect-
ive places of rendezvous.
Mr. HARALSON. Then why object to re-
taining the latter clause ?
Mr. BURT withdrew his amendment. ■
Mr. VAN DYKE proposed to insert before ths
word " organizing" the word " raising," so as to
make it read " expenses incurred by them in rais-
ing, organizing, subsisting, or U'ansporting volun-
teers."
Mr. V. D. contended that raising volunteers was
a distinct previous process to organizing them.
Mr. HARALSON said that the term "organ-
izing" included the whole.
The amendment was not agreed to, only twenty-
eight members rising in its favor. '
Mr. HARALSON moved to strike out the words
" or for subsisting troops in the service of the
United States." Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY wished to propose another amend-
ment. It was well known, that when the volun-
teer companies were organized in different quarters
of the country, on the call of the Executive, at the
commencement of the present war, various contri-
butions had been made for their expenses by cities,
towns, and patriotic individuals. I11 many cases,
these contributions were not intended to be merely
a temporary advance of money to the Government,
but were offered as gratuities, under the impulse
of ardent patriotism, and never expected or desired
to be refunded. He wished a clause introduced
for the purpose of making such donations an ex-
ception to the operation of the resolution. After
State and municipal authorities, as well as private
individuals, had acted in this honorable and patri-
otic manner, Government ought not to hold out to
them the mercenary proposal of refunding what had
thus been advanced from their,own pockets.
He would therefore move to modify the proviso
in the resolution so as to make it read: " Provided,
however, that it shall be made to appear that sjud
expenses incurred, subsistence or transportation
furnished, or money advanced, wore not intended
as gralvities."
Mr. POLLOCK warmly opposed this amend-
ment, insisting that the insertion of any such clause
as that would be understood as conveying a very
serious reflection on those States and cities, those
patriotic towns and individuals, to whom it refer-
red. Mr. P. was disposed to trust these States
and their patriotic citizens. He would not insinu-
ate that, on a " sober second thought," they con-
cluded to receive back, in repayment, what they
had laid as a patriotic offering 011 the altar of their
country's service. The amendment proposed would
be considered as reflecting on hundreds of thou-
sands of our countrymen.
Mr. BURT said the amendment was wholly
unnecessary, as the very terms of the resolution
necessarily excluded such cases.
Mr. POLLOCK said he had not the remotest
conception that such repayment would be asked or
accepted ill a single instance.
The amendment was rejected without a count.
Mr. McCLliLLAND moved to amend the bill
by inserting between the words " Provided, how-
ever, "and the amendment moved bythegentleman
from New York [Mr. Starkweather] just adopt-
ed, the words " that said volunteers were mustered
and received into the service of the United States,
and."
He said that the resolution applied, by its phrase-
ology, to " expenses incurred m organizing, sub-
sisting, or transporting volunteers previous to their
being )mistered and received into the service o
United States." Now, a construction might be
put upon these words as if the
teers who had been organized, but. had not been
mustered and received into the serH helieved that
ted States, were also to be paid. He believed mat
such was not the inte""°" " 't^fttion which would
told that this was not thc^on Department If s0>
be put upon it by «<yainst« that such volun-
this ought to be t[)e |abor an£i expense of
pTe'LTnt Claims at the War Department, which
Would at once be rejected.
