55%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Mr BURT thought any amendment to obviate
this quite unnecessary. It was plainly impossi-
ble by any phraseology to exclude all conclusions.
The object of the resolution was manifest upon its
fece. 11 referred to troops who were mustered into
the service, and to none others; and its object was
to pay the expenses incurred by them " previ-
ously to their- being so mustered." The language
could not be more explicit.
Mr. FICKLIN inquired of.the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Bort,] if it was designed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to pay those
expenses incurred by persons engaged in getting
up military companies before the companies had
elected their officers ?
It would be found, on inquiry, that in some of
the States, it required months to raise and organ-
ize companies and regiments; that volunteering
stations (similar to recruiting stations in the regu-
lar army) had been opened in the Atlantic cities,
and kept up at a cost of thousands of dollars, as a
means to stimulate the patriotism of the people,
" and to induce them to volunteer. Now, was it
designed to pay those expenses? Was it the ob-
ject to pay those persona of weai'h, who have
used their money at recruiting statin the cities,
to have themselves elected captains and colonels?
The phraseology of the resolution was such as to
embrace that class of cases—con'.;} we sanction it?
Mr. BURT said he would answer the gentle-
man. It was well known that these volunteer
companies were seldom formed all at once: it was
sometimes a fortnight before the requisite number
was obtained to constitute a single company. This
resolution was intended to provide for their ex-
penses during this period, and until they were,
mustered into service. As to cheating and bribery
to get office, Mr. B. knew nothing about them.
Such practices had no existence in the community
in which he resided.
Mr. HARALSON said that what, the gentleman
from Illinois apprehended was excluded effectually
by the last clause: " Provided that it shall be made
to appear that said expenses incurred, subsistence
or transportation furnished, or money advanced,
were necessary and proper for the troops afore-
said." Would any Secretary of War say that
money advanced for electioneering- purposes was a
necessary and proper expenditure ? [A laugh.] J
[A voice. "Certainly he would." Laughter.]
Mr. FICKLIN insisted that the resolution was j
very loosely worded. As it stood, the language '
embraced all kinds of expenditure; and it was well
known that some volunteered, and paid large
amounts of money, for the sake of being elected
captains and lieutenants. As to there being no
such thing as cheating and bribery in South Caro-
lina, Mr. F. believed there were quite as many
I'appliances" used with a view to getting elected
in that State as in any other in the Union. Gen-
tlemen from there might claim a proud exemption
from such things, but it would not be accorded to
them. The terms of the resolution were very loose
and indefinite. He understood the real object of
the resolution was to embiace only the expenses
incurred after a company was organized, and pre-
vious to their being mustered into service. He
should propose an amendment to restrict its ap-
plication .
Mr. WICK said he was against the whole reso-
lution. The effect of it would be to authorize
men to commit larceny. [A laugh.] There was !
a great deal of stealing done by very honorable !
gentlemen, who could readily get a ticket of char- '
acter from all their neighbors, and by some gen-
tlemen in very high stations too. He thought if,
under this resolution, money was to be taken out
of the treasury, its effect would be to corrupt a
great many very ^clever men who never would steal
if Congress did not first hold out to them the
temptation and the means of fraud. There was
no need of passing any such resolution. The ex-
penses of these volunteers before they reached
their rendezvous weie fully covered by the results
of popular feeling, or if not, they ought to have
been. Mr. W. stated, at least, what had happen-
ed in his own State, against which so many severe
reproaches had been indulged. There, when young
men had volunteered, the people turned out and
took them to the place of rendezvous, and all ac-
counts for their expenses were promptly squared.
; .,5 fo,r their mileage to the rendezvous was
r:rte> a,?ceI?ted ant! paid. The old farmers
urned out with their teams and wheeled them off '
in a body, and it did not cost the volunteers a cent.
They gave them their meals and let them sleep in
their houses and barns. If it was not go over the
whole country it ought to have been.
Mr. W. said he had been accustomed to sithere
and see stealing done and could not prevent it; but
he was not willing to sit silent and see the way
opened for doing it. Not a dollar would go into
Indiana under this resolution. Possibly when it
became known some might come and put in a claicn
under it; but those who made it would be just as
well without the money. The same invpulse which
led the old farmers to turn out with their teams to
carry men to the rendezvous, led them when they
got there to pass the hat round to furnish them
with the means of comfort, and they were supplied
with whatever they wanted. This had always been
done in his part of the country, and it was done
without the remotest expectation of return. Did
gentlemen suppose that the patriotism which pro-
duced these effects had perished-and been trodden
down by the way-side and withered? Mr. W.
did not believe it.
But if this resolution must pass, he would offer
an amendment to it, and send it to be read at the
Clerk's table; giving notice, however, that even
should his amendment be adopted, he should vote
against the resolution when amended.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" And also to make proper compensation to the adjutant
generals of States for their services in and about rai^niy
corps of volunteers and superintending the same prior to their
being mustered into seiviee."
Mr. W. explained the grounds of his amend-
ment. In 1846 they had in Indiana an adjutant
general, who was said by the people to be every-
where present. He got boys from thQ four winds
of heaven, and kept them together till he got them
mustered into the service. For his services in 1846
the Legislature had made him a moderate com-
pensation; but for the service rendered in 1847, in
raising two regiments, he had been refused com-
pensation by the Legislature, who had adopted
and sent him a joint resolution recommending his
compensation by Congress. He would not say
that this was owing to a change in the politics of
the Legislature. He knew that this officer had
spent many weeks and much money to organize
companies and to get them up to the rendezvous;
and after he had got them there he volunteered to
stay with them, and acted the part of a father to
them all; and for all this he never got a penny.
For these reasons Mr. W. had offered the amend-
ment, but he should vote against the resolution.
The expenses incurred in raising volunteers hand
over hand ought not to be compensated. The
Governors of States ought to have taken pains to
inquire before they made such unmeasured advan-
ces of money. Money had in many cases been
very wantonly expended. If the States chose to
volunteer such expenses, let them remain as a bur-
den on their treasury. If individuals volunteered,
they did so not without motive; if that motive was
pure, let that motive be their compensation. Mr.
W. was against the whole affair; it would open an
immense chasm in the treasury wall.
Mr. LAHM, of Ohio, then obtained the floor,
and addressed the House as follows:
Mr._ Chairman: When the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Haralson] this morning proposed
that the House should resolve itself inio Commit-
tee of the Whole and take up the resolution now
under discussion, he informed us that the matter
could i>e disposed of m half an hour, and we could
then take up the Oregon bill. Under that pledge,
1 favored his proposition. We have now been
listening to discussion on the resolution for over
two hours, and the indications are very clear that
the matter before us will not be disposed of to-
day.
For some weeks I have been trying to get the
floor, with a view to giving my views on some
subjects connected with the war. Thus far I have
failed; anu now that this resolution is connected
with the war, and particularly as I shall be absent
for some days, as is very common with gentlemen
here, 1 will seize the present opportunity to present
my views on the subject of our difficulties with
Mexico. One of the consequences of the war is,
the acquisition of territory; and with that will
probably be connected the question of the ordi-
nance of 1767, as contained m the Oregon bill, and
I will therefore briefly give the views 1 entertain
on that su bject. My action in regard to the exten-
sion of slavery will be governed by my pledges,
my convictions of what 1 conceive to be right, and
what I conceive to be the wishes of a majority of
my constituents. Having ascertained these, it is
unnecessary to look further. Slavery is conceded
to be a moral and political evil—u dark stain upon
the institutions of the country; and therefore,
although I would be the last man to interfere with
it, either directly or indirectly, not only in the
States where it now exists,but even in this District,
yet I am well convinced that all legal and consti-
tutional means within our power should be exer-
cised to prevent its further extension. In this, I
am satisfied I express the sentiments of a large
majority of the people of my district. At a meet-
ing of the Democracy of Wayne county, one of
the counties of my district, (and it is composed of
but two and a part of another,) on the 4th of De-
cember last, they unanimously adopted the follow-
ing resolutions:
" 16. Resolved, That while we look upon slavery as an evil,
threatening the harmony and permanency of this Union, we
have no disposition to interfere with that institution as it ,
now exists in the States, and would be willing to (war to
the*death* in defence of the original compact entered into
by the Fathers of the Revolution.
" 17. Resolved, That we are opposed to the extension or
toleration of slavery in any territory now free, which may
hereafter be acquired by this Government; but this oppo-
sition would not lead as to favor the attachment of the Wil-
mot proviso to any hill for settling the terms of peace between
Mexico anil the United States, nor should it be permitted
to clog the movement of the President in his negotiations
therefor."
Here, sir, is an express declaration in opposition
to the extension of slavery over territory now free,
at the same time disavowing all interference with
the subject in the slaveStates, and opposing the at-
tachmentof the Wilmot proviso to any bill settling
our difficulties with Mexico. I entirely concur
with the sentiments expressed in these resolutions.
And although I was always in favor of the princi-
ples of the Wilmot proviso, yet I am well satisfied
that it was ill-timed, out of place, and not ut al!
calculated to accomplish the objects its friends
professed to have m view. Its attachment to any
bill or treaty, for the settlement of our troubles
with Mexico, would but have defeated such bill or
treaty and prolonged the war.
At a Democratic county convention, held in my
county on the 4th of the present month, they adopt-
ed the following resolutions •
" Resolved, That slaver) m any form is incompatible with
a truly republican form of government, bat inasmuch as in
the organization of the American Government that peculiar
institution was recognized, it can only be eradicated by con-
stitutional provision, with the consent of the people of the
State* in which it exists.
"Resolved, That we are opposed to the extension of sla-
very, and will favor all legal and constitutional means of
restricting it within its present limits."
Thqs again disclaiming all interference with the
subject in the States, hut in favor of using all legal
and constitutional means to restrict it to its present
limits. With these resolutions 1 entirely concur.
Again: the Legislature of Ohio, at its last session,
by an almost unanimous vote, adopted a resolution
in favor of extending the ordinance of 1787 over
all territory now free, including that which may
be thereafter acquired. So that I cannot be mis-
taken when I say, that while the people of Ohio,
and the Democracy of Ohio, are opposed to all
interference with the subject where it now exists,
they still claim the right to use all legitimate means
to prevent its extension. This is in accordance
with their recently expressed views; it is in accord-
ance with my own convictions of right.
Is, then, the question practically and legitimately
before us in the Oregon bill, and has Congress the
power, under the Constitution, to provide against
the extension of slavery over territory now free ?
Time will not permit me to enter fully into a dis-
j cussion of this question; I will, therefore, simply
allucle to the ordinance of 1787, which was adopted
by the unanimous vote of all the States, North and
South, and included the whole of the territory then
belonging to the Union. Among the prominent
actors in support of this measure was Mr. Jeffer-
son. In 1789, the ordinance was recognized and
modified by the action of Congress.
In 1790, North Carolina ceded to the Union the
territory that now constitutes the State of Tennes-
see. In the deed of cession, it was provided " that no
regulation made or to be made by Congress, should
tend to emancipate slaves"—clearly recognizing in
Congress the right to regulate the subject.
In 1803, Georg ia ceded to the Union what was
known as the Mississippi territory, and provided
