mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
.«nation; and he would regret that any force of the
'United States would appear to oppose him, as
'such an act would be a declaration of war against
'Mexico, who would be under the necessity of
'repelling force with force."
Thus it will be observed, that from 1843 up to
the date of annexation, there was a continuation
of declarations on the part of Mexico, that annex-
ation would be considered equivalent to a declara-
tion of war, and that during all this time Mexi-
can forces were concentrating on the Rio Grande,
with the declared intention of subjugating Texas.
Notwithstanding all these belligerent declarations
and movements of the Mexican ministers and
■army, Mr. Buchanan, on the 10th of March, 1845,
■ jn reply to General Almonte, demanding his pass-
ports, af'er alluding to the proceedings of annexa-
tion, pays:
" The President sincerely regrets tliat the Government of
Mexico should have taken offence at these proceedings: and
lie earnestly trusts thai it may hereafter be disposed to view
them in a more favorable and friendly light. While enter-
ing upon the duties of the Presidential office, he cheerfulJy
declares, in advance, that his most strenuous efforts shall be
devoted to the amicable adjustment of cwn cause of com-
plaint between the two Governments, and to the cultivation
of the kindest and most friendly relations between the sister
Republics."
But, sir, was Mexico satisfied with these concil-
iatory advances on the part of the President, who
had just come into power, and was not, therefore,
responsible for anything that had taken place, and
certainly not for the annexation of Texas? Ko,
sir, no. She had determined on war,.and nothing
but, war would satisfy her. On the 12th of July,
1845, in pursuance of and in accordance with the
declarations of Almonte and others, we find the
following circular issuing from the Mexican Office
of War and Marine:
" Office of War and Marine,
" Scction of Operations.
"The United States have consummated the pet fidy against
Mexico Iv sanctioning the deciee which declares the an-
nexation of tne department of Texas to that Republic. The
injustice of that u-uipation is apparent, and Mexico cannot
t uerate such a grave injury without making an effort to
piove to the United States the possibility of her ability to
c.uise her righto to bo iespcet< d. With this object, the {Su-
preme Government lm* resolved upon a declaration of war
a:am>.t th.it Power, seeing that our foibt'arance, instead of
b'jing received as a proof of our friendly deposition, has
bjen intcipietod into an acknowP dgtd impoasib.iity on our ,
part to canyon a successful war. ~ • !
" Such an erroi on Hie part of the United States will be i
advantageous to iUe.Mco, because, Middenh ab.indonw? its 1
pacific altitude, it will to-iuoiKiiv communicate to Congress |
trie drr iaration or war, and cxcite the patriotiMii of i<b cm- 1
z<,ns to sustain the dignit} of the nation and the integrity of i
its territory, now treacherously attacked, in uttei disregard
of all guarantees lecognized m tin? enlightened age. |
u You will readily appieciate the importance oi tins sub- >
ject, andthe nece>Mty of preparing the tioops under your i
command to match towards any point which may require j
ptotecuon against these most unjust aggressions. I am ;
duected by the Provisional President to enjoin you, as gui-
erai-in-chi^f of your division, and as a citizen of this B.e- j
public, to holdjour&elfin readiness to repel tho&e who seek '
1le ruin of Mexico. The Government is occupied in cov(* «ng
the deficient points on the fiouUer , andmcollecting tlUi ne-
cessary ineatis-, so that nothing may he wantingto those vvhone
glorv it will he to defend the sacred lights of their country.
" 1 have the honor to communicate for your intelligence,
and to direct your conduct.
" <iod and liberty ! GARCIA OONDE.
" Mkxic o, Ju'y 13, 184j."
Here, sir, we have the declaration of the Mexi-
can minister, '• that the Supreme Government had
resolved on a declaration of war against the United
States," and that it would immediately communi-
cate to Congress such declaration ; also urging
upon the ofiiecrs in command the necessity of pre-
paring the troops to march towards any point which
might require protection.
As:ain, m a circular " to the authorities subor-
dinate to the office of War and Marine," dated the
16th of July, 1845, after speaking of the quota of
troops requned from the different departments
under previous orders, we hear the following-
language:
a * 4 " For, although the Supreme Goverment has not
etactod with punctuality the complement from the depart-
ment-, she now sees heiseif under tne necessity of dom  so
for the wf-r winch she wages a«amstthe United States,=the
pnfi.ly and titachery of wtucii Power put her in possession
of a ])«ut of tins Republic.
<( His Excellency the President ad inteiim requires that
yourExecllonoj inform the Governors of the necessity winch
eus-ts of detailing the number of men, so highly neces&ary
to fill fhc ranks of the army, and to excite the zeal and pa-
tuotism of the authoutie.-, that their piepaiafions sliail he* so
effectual a-, to fulfill the de-ire- of the Government, and pre-
vent the dignity of the nation from being in any mea-.uro
compromised.
•' i have the konor to communicate to 3'our Excellency the
following, to he used as occasion may require.
" God and libertv1 GARCIA CONDE.
"Jcly 16, 1845."
Another circular of the same date, from the same
office, to the Minister of Foreign Relations, a part
of which is in these words:
" Most excellent- Senor, Minister of Foreign Relations and of
Police. Ti ansm.it to the authorities depending upon your
department.
"Most excellent Senor: It being necessary that the
troops ot the line should cover the frontiers of the Republic,
and march towaidd Texas to conquer that department, now
usurped by the United States, his Excellency the President
ad interim has commanded me to transmit you this note, to
excite the zeal and patriotism of the Governors, that they
place under arms, in their respective di&trictf, all the foice
which can be collected, in defence of the law, to be ready to
serve as a safeguard of the respective departments, accord-
ing to the deciee of the 4th of Juue of tuis j ear, and the reg-
ulation of the 7th instant.
Thus, sir, we have the repeated declarations of
the Mexican diplomatists, from 1842 to the date of
annexation, that Mexico would consider annex-
ation good cause of war, and even equivalent to a
I declaration of war. Then, sir, we see Almonte
| announcing his mission at an end, and leaving the
j country with bitter threatenings upon his Hps, de-
| nouncing annexation as the most unjust act, and
| declaring that Mexico would maintain and uphold
| her rights by all means in her power. In quick
: succession follow the circulars and appeals of the
Minister of War, intended to excite the zeal and
patriotism of those in military command. The
armies begin to move towards the Rio Grande.
The generals address their soldiers, and excite them
to deeds of valor. On the 12th of August, 1845,
General Arista, in a proclamation to his troops,
speaks in the following language:
"Comrades: The Supreme Executive has sent to me, by
eAptcss, the news that the United States, in pursuance of
then ambitious views, having taken pocsesucn of the depart-
ment of Texas, he had demanded a declaiation of war nom
Congress against that unjust nation.
*' The time to fight is come. We must prepare with the
ardor inspired by duty and patriotism, when an attack is
made upon the soil, the honor, and the pride of the nation.
'•Aims ate the only arguments to use against banditti and
men without good faith. Let us hope for that justice which
is invoked by all society, and tiie decision of the civilized
I world.
i " Our lot will be envied by the rest of the army—we are
! nearest to the theatre of war; wp are the fhft to avenge the
outrages on our count! y, and to ravish from the usurpers the
object of tneir rapines.
" L.irg.; todies of tioops aie on their inarch ; they will soon
be heiv. to s-hare our dangeis and repulse tiie enem\
Next follows the proclamation of General Pa-
redes, dated the 27th of Augnsr, 1845, in which he
uses this strong and denunciatory language:
"Soldieis! A lapncious, and £ia>piug lace have thrown
themselves upon our territory, and dare to flatter themselves
tiiat we will not defend the patumony which our forefathers
conqueied with tieir blood. Tiiey deceive themselves: we
will fly to snatch from them tile spoils, the possession of
•which they are impudently enjojmg; and thev shall learn,
by dearly-bought experience, that they are not contending
with tne undisciplined tribes of Indians whom they robbed
of their land, their heaven, and their country; and that the
Mexicans will ardently combat the soldier* of a nation
which has sanctioned by its laws the most degrading sla-
very." &
I In quick succession follows the rejection of Mr.
1 Slidell, under cover of pretexts the most flimsy
i and hypocritical. Then comes the overthrow of
I Hen-era's Government, for having favored a prop-
; osition to settle our difficulties by peaceful nego-
I tiatiun. Next, Mr. Slidell is finally rejected by
, fhe Government of ^aredes, and still the Mexican
' forces move to the Rio Grande.
On tne 18th March, GeneralMejia, then in com-
mand at Matamoros, issued an addiess, in which
is the following appeal:
" Inhabitants of the frontier! We are not left to our own
lesources; the Supieme Government watches indefatigably
foi our sak ty and protection; a warlike army is rapidly ad-
vancing to take part in the snuggle, and, with its powerful
aid, we >lial{ achieve the wo*t complete victory.
'• Until the long wj><hed-for day ."-hall arrive, when we
entci upon the gtoal campaign for the reconquer of tin. lei-
utoryot which we have been despoiled, and to cairy our
eagle-* in tnu-nph to the bar.k^ of the Sabine, we, wiio have
th'* gloiy to be m front ot the invaders, must serve as an
impenetrable bnnier "
A§ain, sir, nn the 12th of April, 1846, we have
the letter of General Ampudia, requiring General
, Taylor to break tip his camp, and in twenty-four
; hours march for the east of fhe Nueces; advising
i him, that the request was in accordance with
explicit and definitive orders of his Government;"
; and that a refusal to comply would "-clearly result
] ^at arms, and arms alone, must decide the ques-
I tion." n
! th© reply of General Taylor to this peremp-
, tory demand, is the following language: "In view
, ' of the relations between our respective Govern-
1 4 ments, and the individual suffering which may
result, 1 regret the alternative which you oifer; ■
* but, at the same time, wish it to be understood,
' that I shall, by no means, avoid sueli alternative,
1 leaving the responsibilities with those who rashly
1 commence hostilities;" clearly indicating, that up
t$ that time hostilities had not commenced, and
that the relations of peace were not yet interrupted.
But, sir, on the 24th of April, General Arista in-
formed General Taylor that he "considered hos-
tilities commenced, and should prosecute them."
On the 25th, a party of dragoons crossed the river,
and made the attack on Thornton's command; and
on the 26th, General Taylor wrote tt> the Adjutant
General, informing him of these facts; declared
that hostilities had commenced; that he had called
upon the Governors of Texas and Louisiana for
eight regiments of troops; that with these he could
prosecute the war with energy, and carry it, as it
should be, into the enemy's country; and, at the
same time, advised the passage of a law authoriz-
ing the President to raise volunteers for twelve
months.
And now, sir, having thus presented my views
in favor of the American side of this issue, and
shown, as I think, beyond all controversy, that
Mexico did commence the war, I propose next to
examine the Mexican side of the question, and
inquire whether the President commenced the war.
Sir, I told you that this was an issue between the
last Congress and the present House of Represent-
atives. Your Journals prove the truth of this
declaration. But your Journals prove more. They
also prove that some gentlemen on that side of the
House occupy the unenviable position of having
been on both sides of the issue. I cut from a
newspaper the other day the following piece of
intelligence, taken from your Journals:
In Congre=«!, May 13,1846, ! In Congre«<5, January 3,
on the vote that "By the act j 1848, on a vote embracing the
oj the Republic of Mcx\ro,vjar ; assertion that " The war was
exist* with the United 6faics," j unconstitutionally and unne-
vvill befound among the Yeas cessarili/ begun by the Presi-
the names ot— dent of the United States,"
will be found zynong the Yeas
the names of—
Barringer,
Barringer,
Cocke,
Cocke,
Ctozier,
Cro&ier,
Gentry,
Gentry,
Hampton,
Hampton,
Marsh,
Marsh,
Rumsey,
Rumsey,
Schenck,
Schenck,
Stewart,
Stcwai t,
St. John,
St. John,
Thibodeaux,
Thibodeaux,
Vinton.
Vinton,
J. W. Houston,
J. W. Houston,
T. 0. King,
T. B. King,
J. A. Rockwell,
J. A Ro< kwcll,
Tinman Smith,
Truman Smith,
Robert Toombs.
Robert Toombs.
Here, sir, it will be seen that some seventeen
gentlemen on that side have their names recorded
on both sides of this issue. Each time you acted
under the solemnities of an oath. When do you
claim that you voted the truth ? Sir. the position
of gentlemen here reminds me of a witness who
• once came into court in my county to testify in a
case in which a man by the name of Martin Asper
was a party. When asked by the clerk, " How
do you swear, sir?" he very promptly replied, " I
swear for Martin Asper." So with gentlemen
here—they swear for the great Whig party, and
with a view to heaping responsibility upon the
Administration. And, sir, in doing it, they have
not the same compunctions of conscience that the
great imbodiment had, when, speaking of this vote,
he declared that, " as I reverence the truth, I would
not have voted a falsehood."
But we are sometimes told by gentlemen that
they were taken by surprise, and were not suffi-
ciently conversant with the facts when they gave
the first vote. Let us examine this matter. It is
the duty of the President from time to time to ad-
vise Congress of the state of our foreign relations,
and recommend such measures as lie may deem
advisable. Accordingly, in his message of De-
cember 1, 1845, in speaking of our difficulties with
Mexico, as connected with annexation, he says:
"The moment the terms of annexation offered by the
Lmtod Stale* were accepted by Texa.-, fhe latter became
^ j a <),,r °wn eountrv as to make it ourdutv to
afford such protection and defence. J therefore deemed it
proper, a  a precautionaiy measuie, to order a strong squad-
ron to the coast of Mexico, and to concentrate art efficient
military force on the western frontier of Texas. Our aimy
was ordered to take position in the country between the
mieces and the Del Norte, and to repel any invasion of the
Texan territory which might be attempted hy the Mexican
forces. Our >quadron in tlie Gulf was ordered to cooperate
with the army.5 ? r
