556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
to concentrate on " the western frontier, to foil
back the bloody tide of war upon the common
enemy." A convention was called, and the people
of Texas declared themselves a free and independ-
ent nation. With rapid strides the Mexican forces
advanced. The Alamo fell, and ihe gallant Travis
and his brave associates consecrated their lives to
the cause of freedom. Fannin surrendered, and
in cold blood was butchered; and still the enemy
advanced, until the last desperate battle, on the
bloody fields of San Jacinto, gave freedom to a
nation and captivity to a tyrant.
Soon after the battle of San Jacinto, the Govern-
ment of Texas commenced a treaty with the cap-
tive President of Mexico. On the 14th of May,
1836, two treaties, the one open, the other secret,
were executed. I will now call the attention of the
House to a few articles in these treaties, not so
much for the purpose of establishing title to the
territory, as with a view of showing that the Rio
Grande was always looked upon as the dividing
line between Texas and Mexico.
The second article of the public treaty is in these
words:
" All hostilities between the Mexican and Texan troops
will cease immediately, both on land and water."
The third article provides that
"Tne Mexican troops will evacuate the territory of Texas,
passing to the other side of the Rio Grande del Norte."
I will now allude to the secret treaty, in which
Santa Anna stipulates to do certain things, and not
to do certain other things:
Kt Article 2. He will give his orders, that in the shortest j
time tbe Mexican troops may learn the treaty of Texas." i
- " Art. 3. He will so prepare matters in the Cabinet of i
Mexico,that the mission that may be sent thither by the Gov-
ernment o< Texa« may be well received, and that by wears
of negotiations all differences may be settled, and that the
independence that has been declared by the ^convention may
fee acknow4edged.'5
" Art. 4. A taeaty of commerce, amity, and limits, will
he os-tabiished between Mexico and Texas, the territory of
the latcer not to be extended beyond the Rio Bravo del
Norte."
Thus, sir, it will be seen that both these treaties
recognized the Rio Grande as the dividing line,
the second article of the public treaty expressly
providing "that the Mexican troops will evacuate
the territory of Texas, passing to the other side of
the Rio Grande;" and the fourth article of the se- :
cret treaty providing, that a treaty of limits shall 1
be established between Texas and Mexico, pro-
vided the territory of Texas shall not be extended ,
beyond the Rio Bravo. But we are told that these ,
treaties are not evidence of title, because they were \
made by Santa Anna while a prisoner of war, and !
therefore not binding on Mexico. Admit it for j
the sake of the argument: I quoted these treaties, |
not as evidence of title, but as evidence of the fact, j
that while Mexico was fighting for the Sabine,
Texas was fighting for the Rio Grande, and that
there was no intermediate line. I will now call !
the attention of the committee to another treaty.
I allude to that made between the President and
Cabinet of Texas on one side, and Santa Anna and
the officers under his command on the other side;
or what has sometimes been called the military
treaty. I give the preamble and a few of the arti-
cles:
Whereas the President Santa Anna, with divers officers of ,
his late army, is a prisoner of war in charge of the army of 1
Texas, and is desirous of terminating the contest now exi^t- ,
ing between the Government ol Texas and that of Mexico, -
in which desire the genetals above named do fully concur; :
and
Whereas the President of the Republic of Texas and fhe i
Cabinet are also willing to stay the further effusion of blond,
and to *ce the two neighboring Republics placed in relations !
of friendship on terms of reciprocal advantage; I
Therefore, it is agreed by the President Santa Anna and
the General* Don Yincente Fihsola, Don Jos6 Urea,Don Jo- I
achm Kaimres y Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, \
Jst. That the annie* of Mexico shall, with all practicable !
expedition, evacuate the territory of Texas, and retire to i
Monterey, beyond the Rio Gtande. ;
3d. That the army ofTexas are to march westwardly, and !
to occupy such post* as the commanding general may think !
proper, on the east side of the Rio Grande, or Rio Bravo del !
Norte. |
4fli. That the President Santa Anna, in his official char- I
acter as Chief of ihe Mexican nation, and the General* Don !
VTncente Fihsola, Don Jos6 Urea, Don Joachin Raimres y !
Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, aschiefs of armies, do sol- ,
emnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratify the full, entire, and '
perfect independence of the Republic of Texas, with such
boundaries as are hereafter set lorth and agreed upon for
the same. And they do solemnly and respectively pled?e
them>eives, with alt thfir peisonal and official attributes, to
procure, without delay, the final and complete ratification
and confirmation of this agreement, and all the parts thereof,
by the pioper and legitimate Government ot Mexico, by the
incorporation of the same into a solemn and pei petnal treaty
of amity and commerce, to be negotiated with Uiat Govern-
ment at the city of Mexico„by ministers plenipotentiary to
be deputed by the Government of Texas lor this high pur-
pose.
5th. That the following be, and the same are hereby, es-
tablished and made the lines of demarcation between the
two republics of Mexico and Texas, to wit: The line shall
commence at the estua«y or month of the Rio Giande, on
the western bank thereof, and shall pursue the same bank
up the said river, to the point where the river assumes the
name of the Rio Bravo del Norte, from which point it shall
proceed on the said western bank to the head waters or
source of said river, it being understood that the terms Rio
Grande and Rio Bravo del Norte, apply to and designate one
and tne &ame stream. Prom the source of said liver, the
principal head branch being taken to ascertain that source,
a due north line &-hall be run until it shall intei sect the bound-
ary line established and described in the treaty negotiated by
and between the Government of Span* and the Government
of the United States of the Noith: which hue wa* subse-
quently tiansl'erred to and adopted in the treaty of limits
made between the Government of Mexico and that of the
United States; and from thi*. point of intersection, th<j line
shall be the same a  was made and established in and by the
several treaties above mentioned, to continue to the mouth
or outlet of the Sabine river, and fiom thence to the Gulf of
Mexico.
8th. The President and Cabinet of the Republic of Texas,
exercising the high powets confided to them by the people of
Texas, do, for and in consideration of the foregoing stipula-
tions, solemnly engage to retrain from taking the life of the
1'iesident Santa Anna, and ot theseveial othcers of his late
army, whom the events ot war have made prisoners in their
hands, and to liberate the Piesident Santa Anna, with his
private secietary, and cause him to be conveyed in one of
the national vessels of Texas to Vera Ciuz,in order that lie
may more promptly and effectually obtain the ratification of
this compact, and the negotiations of the definitive treaty
herein contemplated ny the Government ot Mexico with the
Government or Texas.
9th. The release of the President Santa Anna shall be
made immediately on receiving the signatiues of the Gen-
erals Don Vineente Fihsola, Don Jo-6 Urea, Don Joachin
Ramires y Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, to this agiee-
ment, and his conveyance to Vera Cruz as soon afterwards
as may be convenient.
This treaty defines the boundaries of Texas, and
was executedbyall the officers of the army of Mex-
ico, and that, too, when they were not under arrest.
Santa Anna was restored to his liberty, and all the
stipulations on the part of Texas carefully complied
with; and it was not, therefore, in the power of
Mexico to annul the act.
But we have been frequently told, that if even the
territory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande
did not belong to Mexico, at all events it was
disputed, and that the resolutions of annexation
left the question of boundary open for negotiation.
By the act of 1836, and subsequent legislation by
the Texan Congress, the Rio Grande was made the
western boundary. Texas had no other boundary
on her records. Mexico claimed to the Sabine,
Texas to the Rio Grande; making the whole of
Texas, and not a part, the subjcct of dispute.
Thus matters stood at the date of annexation, Mex-
ico protestingagainst the act,and solemnly averring,
by her minister, that she would maintain her title
to th€ whole of Texas by every means in her power.
Now, 1 would ask you, sir, when you admitted
Texas into the Union, what did you admit? Did
. you admit a State without any boundaries? Cer-
1 tamlynot. What, then, were her boundaries, and
how do you find them? Sir, you look upon her
^records, (and you have no right to gobeyon&that;)
up to that boundary you admit her, and up to it
you are bound to defend her. But, say gentlemen,
that record is void, being inconsistent with the res-
olutions of annexation I tell you no; and that, if
even there is a dispute as to the boundary, yet you
are bound to recognize the boundary upon the
record as correct, until it is changed by the method
provided by the terms of annexation.
But admit, for the sake of the argument, that
there was-no settled boundary, and that the ques-
tion was left open for negotiation and settlement in
that way. Did we not propose to settle the matter
in that way? Was not General Almonte advised
on the subject before and after he suspended diplo-
matic relations? Did not our Government make
effort after effort to renew diplomacy, with a view
to settle all our difficulties ? Was not our forbear-
ance to Mexico such as we would have exercised
toward no other nation of the world ? What, then,
could we do ? Sir, there was no alternative left us
but either to yield to proud, haughty, military
Mexico all she claimed, or maintain our rights in
the manner we did. Let me call the attention of
gentlemen on the other side of -the House to the
sentiments of one of their own Presidents on this
subject. John Tyler, in his message of December,
1844, speaking of the intended invasion of Texas
by Mexico, says: 44 Seeing, then, that new prep-
arations for hostile invasion of Texas were about
* to be adopted by Mexico, and that these were
'brought about because Texas had adopted the
' suggestions of the Executive upon the subject of
'annexation, it could not possibly have folded its
'arms and permitted a war, threatened to be ac-
' companied by every act that could mark a barbar-
' ous age, to be waged against her because she had
' done so."
Here, sir, we have the decimations of a Whig
President, taking the strong ground that he would
have interfered against Mexican invasions even
before annexation was consummated, had an at-
tempt at invasion been made.
Sir, there was but one course that President
Polk could adopt. The resolutions of annexation
had passed both Houses of Congress, and were
about to be sanctioned by the people of Texas.
Mexico had repeatedly declared, in advance, that
she would consider the act equivalent to a declara-
tion of war. General Almonte left the country
with bitter threatenings on his lips. All diplomatic
relations were suspended. Mexican forces were
concentrating on the Rio Grande, with the avowed
purpose of subjugating all of Texas. The Con-
stitution and laws make it the duty of the Presi-
dent to repel invasions, and therefore left no alter-
native for the President but to put forward a suf-
ficient force to meet -the crisis. * Accordingly, on
the 28th of May, 1845, Secretary Marcy, in writing
to General Taylor, says:
" J am ordered by the President to cause the forces now
tinder your command, and those which may be assigned to
it, tp be put in a position where they may most piomptiy and
efficiently act in defence of Texas, in the event it shall be-
come necessary and proper to employ them for that purpose.
The information received by the Executive warrants the be-
lief that Texas will shortly accede to the terms of annexa.
lion."
In the same letter:
"Should the teiritories of Texas be invaded by a foreign
Power, and you shall receive certain intelligence, through
her functionaries, ot that fact, after her convention shall
have acceded to the teims of annexation contained in the
resolutions of Congress,you will at once employ, in the most
effective manner your judgment may dictate, the forces un-
der your command for the defence of these territories, and
to expel invaders."
Here, then, in the first letter to General Taylor,
he has orders to prepare himself, that, in the event
of Texas agreeing to the resolutions of annexa-
tion, he may defend her territories, and expel the
invaders.
On the 15th June, he is directed, in anticipation
of the acceptance of the terms of the resolutions,
'k which will constitute Texas* an integral portion
'of our country, to make a forward movement of
'the troops under his command, and advance to the
' mouth of the Sabine, or to such other point of the
'Gulf of Mexico or its navigable waters as in his
'judgment would be most convenient for an em-
' barkation, at the proper time, for the western fron-
Hier of Texas." In the same letter, he was told:
"The point of your ultimate destination is the western
frontier of Texas, where you will select and occupy, on or
near the Rio Grande, such a site as will consist with the
health of the troops, and will be best adapted to repel inva-
sion and piotect what, in the event of annexation, will be
our western border. You will limit yourself to the defence
of the territoiyof Texas, unhss Mexico should dcelare war
against the United States. Your mo cement for the Gulf of
Mcxico, and your preparations to embark for ihe westernfron-
tier of Texas, are to be made without any delay; but you will
not effect a landing on that frontier until you have ascertained
the due acceptance by Texas of the terms of annexation.^
On the 8th of July, Secretary Marcy writes to
General Taylor in these words:
" This department is informed that Mexico has some mil-
itary establishments on the east side of the Ilio Grande,
which aie, and for some tune have been, in thcactu.il occu-
pancy of hei troops. In carrying out th« instructions here-
tofore received, you will be careful to avoid any acts of ag-
ression, unless an actual state of war should exi^t. The
Mexican forces at the ports in their possesion, ami winch
have been so, will not he disturbed, so long as the relations
oi peace-between the United States and Mexico continue.*'
Again, on the 30th of July, Secretary Marcy
writes:
"Whileavoiding, as you have been instructed to do. all
aggressive me,i>ures towards Mexico, as long a* the rela-
tions of peace exi«t between that Republic and the United
States, yon are expected to occupv, protect, and defend the
territory of Texas to the extent that it has been occupied by
the people of Texas. The Rio Grande is churned to be the
boundary between the two countries, and up to this bound-
ary you are to extend your protection, only excepting any
posts on the eastern side thereof, which are m the actual
occupancy of Mexican forces or Mexican settlements, over
which the Republic of Texas did not exercise jurisdiction
at the period of annexation, or shortly before that event. It
is expected that in selecting the establishment for your
troops, you will approach as near the boundary line—the
Rio Grande—as prudence will dietatc. With this view, the
President desites that your position, for part of your forces
at least, should be west of the river Nueces."
