1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55$
the name of the Mosquito nation by Great Britain
contains about 40,000 square miles, nearly as large
a surface as that of the State of New York, and
that she had recently sought to^extend her posses-
sion by forcible means to the river San Juan de
Nicaragua, near the eleventh parallel of latitude,
one degree further south than the territory actually
claimed as belonging; to the Mosquitos according
to her own geographical delineations.
Nearly a century ago some connection existed
between Great Britain and the Mosquito Indians;
hut the territory was abandoned by her under treaty
stipulations with Spain. "When the connection
was renewed I am unable to say; but I believe
the first open and avowed attempt to exercise rights
of sovereignty over the territory, through consular
agents, was in 1843, when Mr. Patrick Walker
was appointed consul at Bluefields; and this ap5
pointment was instantly the subject of a protest by
at least one of the South American States.
Before I proceed to give the details of this en-
croachment, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the position taken by the Executive of the
United States, nearly twenty-five years ago, in
respect to the future colonization of this continent
by European Powers.
In the annual message of Mr, Monroe to Con-
gress, in December, 1823, he stated, that in the
discussion of the respective rights of Great Britain,
Russia, and the United States, on the northwestern
coast of America, the occasion had "been judged
proper for asserting as a principle, in which the
rights of the United States aie involved, that the
American continents, by the free and independent
condition which they have assumed and maintained,
are henceforth not to be considered as subjects for
future colonization by any European Poweis."
In the same message it was dcelarcd, that we
should regard any attempt on the part of European
Powers to extend their political "system to any
portion of this hemisphere as dangerous to our
peace and safety." 44 With existing colonics or
dependencies of any European Powers/' says the
message, "we have not interfered, and shall not
interfere. But with the governments who have
declared their independence, and maintained it,
and whose independence we have, on great consid-
eration and on just principles, acknowledged, we
could not view any interposition for the purpose
of oppressing them, or controlling in any other
manner their destiny, by any European Power, in
any other liijht than as the manifestation of an un-
friendly disposition towards the United States."
The two positions assumed by the Executive of
the United States were—
1. That there must he no further colonization
on either of ihe American continents by any Eu-
ropean Power; and,
2. That there must be no interference by Euro-
pean Powers with the independent States in this
nemisphei e:
And these declarations were accompanied by the
disavowal on oar part of all intention to intei fere
with existing colonies or dependencies of any Eu-
ropean Power on this continent.
Of the wisdom or policy of these declarations, 1
have.nothmg to say; though I mustadd, that I have
always considered the publication of manifestoes,
whicfi the government putting ;hem forth is not
prepared to maintain at all hazards, as calculated
to cletiact from its dignity'and influence.
Mr. Monroe's declarations have not been main-
tained. They applied to South as well as North
America; a#d during the lasttive years, the JJanda
Oriental and the Argentine Confederation have been
the theatre of an armed intervention, on the part of
Great Britain at first, and ultimately of Great Brit-
ain and France, which is almost unprecedented in
the history of nations, as a violation of the right of
every community to regulate us domestic concerns
in its own way, without external inteiference. I
will not detain the Senate by entering into the de-
tails of these transactions. Suffice it to gay, that
in 183$, in conscquence of internal dissensions in
the Banda Oriental, or the Oriental Republic of
Uruguay, fomented by foreign officers and resi-
dents in Montevideo, General Oribe, the Piesident,
resigned, and lied to Buenos Ayres, his rival, Gen-
eral Reveira, succeeding to his political post. In
1842, Onbe entered the Banda Oriental, drove Re-
veira into Brazil, and besieged his general (Paez)
in Montevideo, which was subsequently invested
by sea by the Argentine fleet. The interposition
of Admiral Purvis, commanding the British fleet,
when the admiral of the French fleet refused to in-
terfere, on the ground that such interference would
violate well-established principles of international
law, has had the effect of prolonging for five years
a war which would otherwise have been speedily
decided, and led to a violation of every rule of in-
ternational duty, through a further intervention in
the affairs of the Argentine Confederation, by the
combined fleets of France and Great Britain, un-
der the sanction of their respective governments.
Those who desire to know more of these transac-
tions will find a most interesting discussion in the
British House of Lords, in the Parliamentary De-
bates of 1845, vol. 83, page 1,152. In reply to
some inquiries proposed by Lord Beaumont, the
Earl of Aberdeen made the defence of the Minis-
try. He was followed by Lord Colchester, who
had been at the Rio de la Plata, and who was tho-
roughly acquainted with all that had taken place.
He corrected many of the Earl of Aberdeen's state-
ments; and I think it will be admitted that he left
to the Ministry a most unsatisfactory ground of
defence. On the principles laid down by Mr. Mon-
roe, it would have been the duty of the United
States to interpose for the purpose of protecting
the Oriental and Argentine republics from this fla-
grant invasion of their rights as sovereign and inde-
pendent States. We have failed to do so, I do not
say whether rightly or not; but the impolicy of
making declarations which we are not prepared
to maintain is strongly exemplified in our inac-
tion.
In the annual message of the President to Con-
gress in December, 1846, the declarations of Mr.
Monroe were reiterated, but the application of the
principles he asserted was virtually restricted to
the continent of North America. Whatever hesi-
tancy there may he in extending the application
further, to this extent its assertion and.maintenance
1 at all hazard# can afford, it appears to me, no
ground for a difference of opinion; and, so believ-
ing, it was with great pleasure that I listened to the
spirited remarks of the honorable Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Clayton] on this subject, at the close
of the debate on the hill to raise an additional mili-
tary force. Our own security depends, in no incon-
siderable degree, on the tranquillity of the States
bordering on us, or in our neighborhood. The
interference of European Powers in their affairs
can have no other effect but to produce distractions
dangerous alike to them and to us. We have a
right to insi&t, then, on the principle of non-inter-
vention on this continent—a principle lying at the
very foundation of all national independence—a
principle which cannot be violated without offend-
ing against the common welfare and the common
interest of the whole civilized world. In connec-
tion with this subject, I desire to say that I have
always insisted, in the most earnest manner, on
i the duty of non-interference on our part with the
allhiis of Euiopean States. I consider it the more
imperative now, when great political changes are ,
taking place, and when the whole continent of Eu- ;
rope may be convulsed to its centre. j
In this view of the subject, the encroachments ;
of Great Britain in North America possess an im-
portance which cannot be exaggerated, i begin
with Central America, and shall pass on to Cali-
fornia, where we have had recent evidence of a
deliberate design to obtain possessioh of tiie coun-
try, for the purpose of excluding us.
In February last, I received a letter from a friend
in New York—a gentleman of high respectability,
extensively engaged in commercial transactions,
chiefly with Central and South America, and who
formerly held a seat in the House of Representa-
tives—stating that he had noticed my allusion to
the affairs of the Mosquito coast, and that he could
give me some information on the subject, if I de-
sired it. 1 immediately made the request, and
received from him, about a month ago, a lettei,
which I will read to the Senate:
" IVfw York, 1'chvain 28, H'48.
"DfarSir: Your favor ofthe2>th mutant V leeeived.
In compliance with jour lequett, t have hastilj diawn up
, the outlines of tin- information alluded to.
j " In August, 18')."), Mi Jaine< S Isell visited Now York,
I and wa-' mtioducud to me a> a person havinggreatcommer-
\ cm) advantages at the En li>ii settle mentol Bluefields, Mos-
; quito notion, Cential Amcnc<i, and who dented to form a
: connection with a house at Nov Yoik, by which these ad-
j vantages could he made available lor commercial entei prise.
I Having at that time much business at Belize and Tiuxillo, I
l was ready to listen to piopootions for mcteiv-ing my trado
.with that country, especially to leccive tiie valuable infor-
! mation winch X was told Mr. B. could impart. Mr. Bell
i stated- he was tbe Secretary to the British consulate atBIue-
fields, which he assured me was really the government de *
facto of the Mosquito nation—a tribe of di&sohite and degra-,
ded Indians, whose King, a lad of fourteen, was an inmate'
of the consul-house, and dependanton that functionary for
the necessaries of life; that the Mosquito country had been'
privately conveyed to the British Government, and tbat tRafc-
cJaim, when questioned,could be maintained by a legal title
of purchase from the King; that the object of the "British
Government was not only the possession of this territory,*5
winch abounded with rich forests of mahogany, and other-
valuable woods, on the coa«t, and many miles in tbe inte-
rior on navigable rivers, but at the proper time, to show,
prove, and maintain hy force of arms, if neces<arv. tbe Mos-
quito (their own) title to as far south as >0° of north latitude,
comprising San Juan and the neb country of Lake Nicara-
gua, thus securing the best route to the Pacific, ap well as by
tar the most feitile and productive of all that section of Cen-
tral America; that he (Mr. Bell) had made two visits, ac-
companied by skillful surveyors and engineers, to San Juan,
and thence to the mtetior, and to the Lake Nicaragua, for
purposes of explmation, &c., by order of the Government,
conveyed privacy to Mr. Walker, the consul at Bluefields;
that he came to the United States to effect on his individual
account a connection with some mercantile house, bv which
to establish branches at Bluefields and at San Juan, in ad-
vancc of its becoming a Bi itish port; that he had received
an exclusive grant for the cutting of mahogany on Bluofielda
river and adjacent coast; that this connection with, and in-
timate relation to, the consulate at Bluefields, alias the Mos-
quito, Government. would give him t>uch advantages at San
Juan, that he could neaily monopolize the interior trade of
that place, and ship to the United States large quantities of
spice, indigo, cochineal, hides, &c., in exchange for cotton
goods, ^lour, &c.
" Mr. Bell, bv written documents and letters, satisfied me
fully of the truth of his statement, which recent cv< ntshave
in part continued. I declined the propositions, but another
Iioumj have accepted them, so far as to engage the services
of about thirty men to return to Bluefields with Mr. B. to
cut mahogany, one cargo of which has actually been receiv-
ed atthisport. Mr. Bell whilst here, had a large chair made,
with canopy, 3cc., gilded profusely, and coveied with dam-
ask, which he stated wa  the throne of the King of the Mos-
quitos; also, halberd*, and other paiapl'ernahu of rojalty,
which he took out with him to Bluetiehl*. At the time,
theve statement mad" but little impression upon me; but
recent event*, particularly your --peceh, have showed too
truly their truth and impoitance ''
In connection with this subject, I will also read
a communication furnished me, at my request, by
the head of one of the foreign embassies in this city,
and addressed, by the British charge d'affaires at
Bogota, to the Government of New Grenada, set-
ting forth the extent of the British claims. In Jan-
uary last, I furnished other evidence, to the same
point, on the authority of the British consul general
at Guatemala. I present this as corroborative, and
as of higher authority:
" British Legation, Bogota, Sept, 24,1847.
" Circumstances Jiaving given rise to a question as to tiie
extent ol the eoa-t fiontier of the kingdom of Mosquito, Inr
Biitannic Majesty's Government, alter having carefully ex-
amined the vuiious documents and historical recoid* \\ hi< h
exist relative to this subject, have instructed Use undersigt -
ed, h 'r Britannic Majesty's charg^ d'allairej-, to inform tho
Governments'New Grenada that her Majesl.v V Government
ate of opinion that the light of tin: King ot IVIoMptito should
be maintained, a* extending from the C.ipe of IloiuUmm
down to the mouth of the nver San Juan.
u 'Die undersigned has likewise been in^lioeted to «iata
that her Majot\N Government will not view with nuhtlci-
eii( e attempt to encroach upon the u«ht oi t<'mtoii '« < f
the Km  of Mosquito, who it under the protection of the
British Crown.
" in addicting this communication to his excellency M.
Man. Aucizar, Urcnadian Secretaiy of State lor Foieign Af-
taus ad wtm/n, the undersigned begs to assure lnm of hia
high and most distinguished eonsidetatmn.
"DANIKI, F. O'LEARY.
From the information I have been able to gather,
Mosquito has become, for all practical purposes, a
British colony. The real head of the Mosquito
nation is Mr. Patrick Walker, the British consul
at Bluefields. The nominal king of the Mosquitos
is a mere boy, living in his house. The Mosquito
nation consists of a few hundred naked Indians—
idle, ignorant, and worthless. Under the pretence
of giving- protection to this miscalled nation, Great
Britain has extended her sovereignty over a district
of country nearly as large as the State of New York
or Pennsylvania. She has vessels of war, com-
manded by British subjects, under the name of the
Mosquito navy, And, in a word, she has appro-
priated to herself a part of the territory of Honduras,
and is encroaching on the territory of Nicaragua,
against the solemn protest of the Central American
States. Her objects are doubtless threefold—
1. To extend her political dominion on this con-
tinent;
2. To open new fields forcommercial enterprise;
and .
3. To obtain possession of the most practicable
route for a ship canal across the Isthmus, and thus
to control the commercial communication between
the two oceans.
This last object is naturally regarded as the most
important. The route has been surveyed minute-
ly, thoroughly, by a British engineer, and its
