560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29.
practicability ascertained.
* r _ lXTirtaraffllfl. #.h
From the Caribbean
sea to^^-the river San Juan is sus-
centible of the requis.te improvement: The lake
is already navigable for vessels of any burden;
and from the lake it is less than sixteen miles
to the Pacific, with a mean descent of about one
hundred and twenty-eight feet. The results of this
examination will be found at the end of the first
volume of Stephens's work on Central America.
But it is not through her connection with the
Mosquito coast alone that Great Britain is extend-
ing herself across the continent. Through her es-
tablishment at Balize she is penetrating to the very
heart of the peninsula of Yucatan. She had at
first only a permission to occupy a small district
on the coast for the purpose of cutting logwood,
and to enjoy the use of a fishery for the subsistence
of the persons employed. This permission was
given during the Spanish rule in America. It was
confirmed in 1783by the treaty of Versailles,under
very cautious restrictions, and slightly extended by
the treaty of London in 1786. The sovereignty of
Spain over this territory became, by virtue of the in-
dependence of her colonies, of which Yucatan was
one, vested in Mexico. Buttherightof Great Brit-
ain to Belize, I am told, has not been recognized
either by Mexico or Yucatan. She not only, con-
tinues to hold the coast, but she has extended her-
selfoveradistrictofaboutfourteen thousand square
miles, embracing one of the most valuable portions
of Yucatan; and 1 believe she claims it by conquest.
She is within sixty miles of Chiapas, the southern
State of Mexico; and her chief establishment is
said to be a vast depot of contraband. A tierce
contest is now going on between the Spanish and
Indian races of Yucatan; and the latter, who were
once disarmed and harmless, are now found to be
abundantly supplied with powder and firearms—
many of the latter bearing th'e stamp of the tower
of London. When this contest, marked, as all
such contests are, by murder, and rapine, and
wanton barbarity, shall have exhausted the com-
batants, both parties may be willing to take refuge
in the power and find tranquillity under the pro-
tection, of Great Britain. Sir, this is the usual
issue of her in tervention in the domestic concerns of
other States—those especially in which civilization
has made but little progress. This is still more
likely to be the lesult when semi-barbarous tribes
are intermingled with civilized races, as in the
greater portion of this continent to the south of
us, and from numbers or local circumstances ap-
proaching an equality with each other in point of
strength.
I do not make these statements, Mr. President,
for the purpose of exciting feeling here or else-
where. It is a subject which I desire to see con-
sidered with calmness and deliberation; but it is
one which deeply concerns us. Our tranquillity,
our political comfort, our commercial interests, are
all involved in the exemption of neighboring States
from domestic dissensions and violence; and we
have a right to see that these mischiefs are not pro-
moted by unauthorized interference from abroad.
I do not propose to speak of the right of interfer-
ence m the internal concerns of other States. On
a former occasion I said to the Senate all that I
desire to say on that subject. But I hold it to be
our light and our duty, when we see questionable
movements by foreign Powers on this continent,
either through their constituted authorities or
through their subjects, supported by the power of
the State, to know what are their objects, and to
see that the political independence of our weak and
defenceless neighbors is not insidiously subverted,
and their territorial possessions wrested from them
by unwarrantable encroachment.
One of the peculiarities of the system by which
Great Britain has extended herself over so large
a portion of the globe is, that she usually acts, in
the first instance, by private rather than by pub-
lic agents. She employs commerce to effect what
other governments accomplish by public authority
and force. Instead of sending an army or a fleet
to take possession of a coast, she sends a trading
company. .Nothing can be more unsuspicious than
the circumstances under which their first lodg-
ment—the germ, perhaps, of a future empire—is
made. They only wish some facilities for landing
and for shelter while they dispose of their mer-
chandise; they desire to establish a factory (which,
in the Bntish acceptation of the term, is a house
for traders) and to enjoy some temporary conve-
niences for traffic. The permission is given, a
foothold is obtained, a house is built, a picket, a
ditch, an embankment follow. These simple im-
provements (to use an American phrase) grow in-
sensibly into a settlement, a fortress, and a colony,
and the occupation becomes perpetual. Here are
British subjects, British property, and British in-
terests to be protected; the honor of Great Britain
is concerned, and it will not permit them to be
abandoned. Her East Indian empire, the most
vast and lucrative of her possessions, was gained
through the agency of a trading company. Through
a tradingcompany "she gained her first foothold on
the northwest coast of America, and obtained for
herself in the end some of the best portions of Ore-
gon.
There is another peculiarity in the British sys-
tem of extension. Colonization is only desired so
far as it is coextensive with political sovereignty.
She does not labor to civilize or improve where she
cannot rule. Commercial interest is the principal,
and social improvement the incident in her pro-
gress.
Sir, there were two great systems of colonization
in ancient times—those of Greece and Rome—and
each distinct m its character. Greece was actuated
by no sordid reference to self in the extension of
her people. When she sent out her children to
colonize distant territories, she let them go forth
independent and free. She did not insist on carry-
ing her political sovereignty along with them, and
compelling them to pay a servile obedience to it.
She sent them out with her benedictions and her
prayers, to enjoy, unshared by herself, whatever
prosperity they could earn by their industry and
their valor; and it was through these migrations
that the foundations of ancicnt civilization were
laid in southern Italy.
Roman colonization was totally different in its
character. Rome, indeed, did not encourage colo-
nization out of Italy in the early days of the repub-
lic. In its latter days, and during the early period
of the empire, she sent out colonies to distant re-
gions, and retained them in dependence on herself.
She desired that all the streams of prosperity which
emanated from her should be poured back, in en-
larged currents, upon their source. It was a vast
system of centralization. Under its influence the
heart bccamc distended and gorged, while the ex-
tremities were left exhausted and cold, and the
whole system fell asunder by force of this inequal-
ity.
This is the British system of colonization; it has
been made more liberal of late, but unless still fur-
ther relaxed, its fate will be the same. Its great
characteristic is dependence on the parent State; its
most inflexible formulas (if I may be allowed the
expression)colonial governments subservientto the
crown, commercial regulations framed with an ex-
clusive, and usually (such is the fatality of all sel-
fishness', individual or national) with a mistaken
view to metropolitan interests.
It is not for our advantage that this system should
be extended. We desire freedom in commercial
intercourse. We do not interfere with any colo-
nial systems, however exclusive, where they now
exist. We do not oppose their extension in other
portions of the globe. But having no colonies our-
selves, desiring none, looking only to an extension
by pacific means, and from the operation of natu-
ral laws, over'the unoccupied districts of country
west of us, we have a right to insist that colonial
establishments, exclusive in their character-as re-
spects commercial intercourse, shutting out the
world except the parent State, and dependant on
distant governments, shall not be planted in our
neighborhood in violation of the rights of defence-
less States. I would not make this principle the
theme of a declaration or a manifesto. I would
have it quietly announced to those whom it con-
cerns, and firmly maintained against all infringe-
ment.
Before I dismiss this part of the subject I wish
to say that I am not unwilling to concede to Great
Britain some merit for what she has done for con-
stitutional liberty in the past, nor am I disposed to
deny that her colonial system may in the end lead
to results of great value to the cause of civiliza-
tion. She has, in more than one instance, arrayed
herself against the progress of arbitrary govern-
ment in Europe, and asserted principles which lie
at the very basis ofallfr6e institutions. Through her
colonial possessions she is disseminating through-
out the globe the intelligence and the civilization by
which she is herself distinguished; and, when the
political bonds by which her vast possessions are
held together shall be rent asunder—a day not dis-
tant, perhaps—when the sceptre of her empire
shall be broken, the colonies she has planted on
every continent and in every sea will become so
many centres from which the lights of knowledge
and freedom will be radiated to the darker portions
of the earth. While advocating a determined re-
sistance to her encroachments, I am willing, never-
theless, to do her this political justice.
Let me now turn to the subject more immedi-
ately in hand—the California "claims. The pro-
priety of passing the bill providing for the payment
of them has been fully shown by the honorable
Senator from Michigan. It only remains for me
to consider the subject in connection with the par-
ticular topic which I have discussed.
- By the testimony taken before the Committee'
on Military Affairs, it appears—
1. That Eugenio Maenamara, a Catholic priest,
made application to the Government of Mexico
for a grant of land in Upper California, for the
establishment of Irish colonies. The first colony
was to be established at San Francisco; the sec-
ond at Monterey; and the third at Santa Barbara;
and the number of colonists was not to be less than
ten thousand. There is no date to the application;
but other documents show it to have been pre-
viously to the 19th of January, 184G.
2. The avowed objects of Maenamara were to
keep the Cahfornias out of the hands of the Ameri-
cans, who are represented, in his memorial to the
Mexican Government, as an artful and base ene-
my, and as abhorring the people and the religion
of Mexico.
I will read to the Senate some extracts from his
original application to the Mexican Government.
They will be found in the translation at page 19 of
the document containing the testimony taken be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs, and in the
original Spanish at page 77 of the same-document:
"I, Eugenio Maenamara, Catholic priest and apostolical
missionary, take the liberty ot submitting to your Excellency
some reflections on a subject which at thi* tunf attract*
much public attention. I allude to the expectations and ac-
tual condition of Upper California.
"It does not require the gift of prophecy to foresee, that
within a little time, this fertile country will cea-e to be an
integral part of this Republic, unless some prompt and effi-
cacious measures be adopted to restrain loreisn rapacity."
" For this rea*on I propose, with the aid and approbation
of jour Evcellencj", to cairy foiward tins project, to place
in Upper California a colony of Irish Catholics. I have a
triple object in making this piopositton : I wish, in the first
place, to advance the cause ol Catholicism; m the second,
to contribute to the happiness of my countrymen; thirdly,
I desire to put an obstacle in the way of further usurpations
on the part of an irreligious and anti-Catholic nation. I
therefore propose to your Excellency that there be conceded
to mo an extent of territory on the coastof Upper California
for the purpose I have indicated."
I will also read an extract at page 21 from his
second application, urging attention to the first. It
will be found in Spanish at page 79:
" Your Excellency will excuse me, that I take the liberty
further to demonstrate that no time ought to be lost in this
Important affair, if it is desired to be realized, since ><>uf
Excellency knows well enough that we are surrounded by
an artful and base enemy, who lo-es no means, however low,
to possess himself of the best territory of this country, and
who abhors to the death its lace and its religion.
"If tiie means which I propose be not speedily adopted,
your Excellency may be assured that, before another year,
the Cahfornias will*form a part of the American nation.
Their Catholic institutions will become the prey of the
Methodist wolves, and the whole country will be inundated
with the cruel invaders. Whilst 1 propose the means of
repelling tliein,my propositions ought to be the more admis-
sible, inasmuch as I have no personal interest in the affair,
save the progress of the holy religion of God^sand the hap-
piness of my countrymen.,y
The stigmas cast upon us and upon one of our
most respectable religious sects, I regard as de-
signed to minister to the prejudices of Mexico,
with a view to the accomplishment of his purposes,
rather than as emanating from a conviction of their
truth.
3. The grant to Maenamara, after being sub-
mitted to the consideration of the Governor of
California, was made on the 4th of July, 1846, and
comprised about three thousand square leagues,
containing, besides the bay of San Francisco, some
of the best lands and some of the most important
military and commercial positions in California.
4. Maenamara was taken to California in a Brit-
ish sloop of war (the Juno) in June, 1846; a British
ship of 80 guns, (the Collingwood,) commanded by
Admiral Seymour, followed in July, and Maena-
mara was taken away in her.
The extract I am about to read from the affidavit
