582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
transcending our constitutional power, as this was
nrooerlv the province of the President.
Mr HANJS'EGAN moi-ed that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business,
but expressed his willingness to withdraw the mo-
tion, if the Senate was prepared to vote on the bill.
Several Senators expressed a wish to discuss the
bill; and
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business. After some time, the doors
were reopened; when
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 30, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives " to authorize a loan not to exceed six-
teen millions of dollars," reported the same back
to the House, with the recommendation that the
House concur with the Senate 111 said amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were, then con-
curred in, and the bill stands passed.
Mr. MOR.R1S, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of the heirs of Robert Laughlin. Laid on
the table.
Mr. HALL, of New York, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill authorizing a term
of the United States circuit and district courts to be
held'at Chicago, Illinois. The bill was read three
times, passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
rence.
Mr. HALL, also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to reenact and continue in operation
certain acts for the relief of insolvent debtors of
the United States. Read and committed.
Mr. HALL, also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report nn the petition of Major
G. Tochman. Laid on the table.
^ Mr. McILVAUN'E, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of claims of certain ritizens of the United
States against the Ottawa, Chippewa, and Potta-
watomie Indians. Read and committed.
REMAINS OF DECEASED SOLDIERS.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution to defray the j
expenses of transporting to the United States and j
interring the remains of deceased officers and sol- '
(Iters of the army in certain cases.
Mr. B. said that this resolution was based upon
a communication from the War Department. That
communication informed the House that the re-
mains of several officers of the United States had
been sent home and consigned to the quaitermas-
ter at New \ ork; that the freight on those remains
had not been paid, and that the quartermaster at
New York had asked of the department, and
through the department of the Secretary of War,
whether the freight on those remains should be
paid; that the Secretary of War had replied, that
sympathizing with the feeling which prevailed in
our army in Mexico, he had offered every facility
in his power for the transportation home in the \
public vessels of the remains of the officers and !
soldiers which had been preserved and prepared, j
but that he considered he had no authority what- \
ever to pay the freight on such remains as should I
be sent home in puvate vessels. !
The resolution which the Committee on Milita- |
ry Affairs had instructed him to report to tins 1
House, provided simply that when the remains of !
any officer or soldier in the United States army had
been prepared, or should hereafter be prepared, for
transportation to the United States, and the family
or friends of such deceased officer or soldier in the
United States should be unable or fail to pay the
freight on such remains, the Secretary of War
should be authorized to pay that freight. It pio-
vided further for a contingency which might arise,
which perhaps had not yet arisen—that if the re-
mains of any such officer or soldier so brought
home to the United States should remain uninter-
red because of the inability of the family or friends
of such officer or soldier to pay those expenses, or
of their failing to do it, and only in these two in-
stances—that m such cases the expenses of a de-
cent but not costly burial should be paid by the
Secretary of War. It was foreseen by the commit-
tee that instances might occur where the remains j officers and men of the marine corps acting with
of some gallant soldier had been rescued from a
common burial in Mexico by his comrades in
arms&nd sent to the United States, to some port |
where he might not have a family or friend to take ;
charge of those remains and consign them to the j
earth, and they were disposed, as but a matter j
of public decency, to authorize the department,
through its proper officers, to giye to those remains
a decent and christian burial. This was the whole
scope of the resolution. He moved that it be put
upon its passage.
Mr. BOWLiN hoped it would not be put upon
its passage now. He moved its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If the House (he said) were to go into such a |
course of action, he infinitely preferred the resolu- i
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] j
which provided for bringing home every man who j
had fallen on the battle-field, to the passage of this :
resolution. This resolution was a resolution of I
distinction. If an officer ha^ a family who were j
able to bring him home and give him a splendid j
burial, all the expenses weie to be refunded by !
this resolution; but the poor soldier, whose family 1
were not able to bring him back, would be left \
alone to sleep on the iTelcl of his glory and fame, i
That was a distinction which he was unwilling to |
draw here. j
Mr. BURT (the floor being yielded for explana- |
tion") repeated, that under the provisions of this j
resolution, the remains of any officer or private j
soldier, whose remainsshould be prepared in Mex- i
ico by the friends for transportation to the United I
States, might be brought home. That whenever !
the family or friends of such deceased officer 01* |
soldier were able and willing to pay the expen- 1
ses, the freight, and the burial expenses of such !
remains, the Secretary of War should not cause j
such expenses to be paid. And he submitted to j
his friend from Missouri that the committee could !
not go further. They had before them the de- I
bate which occurred in this House some ten days I
ago; they saw that the Government could not |
go further than to take such remains as were in a 1
condition to be brought to the United States, and '
bring them home; and whenever the family or ■
friends of the deceased officer or sojdic-r were either ;
unwilling—where they either would not 01 could
not pay the expenses of freight and burial—in those
instances, and those alone, they should be paid by
the United States. ;■
Mr. BOWLIN (resuming) was understood to
the army in Mexico, and one young officer from
his own district, whose friends were too poor to
bring him home, wou d not be included in this
resolution without an amendment. He moved,
therefore, to amend, by adding after the word
" army" the woids and the marine corps acting
therewith."
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, could not consider it
necessary to discuss this resolution, of whose pro-
priety there could, he thought, be no doubt. He
therefore moved the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded, and
the resolution was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
REPORTS CONTINUED.
Mr, WHITE, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the widows
and orphan children of officers and seamen of the
navy of the United States. Read and commuted.
Also, from the same committee, adverse repoits
upon the petitions of Nathaniel and Catharine
Lawrence and Samuel P. Todd. Laid 011 the
table.
Mr. ST ANTON, on behalf of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, asked to be discharged from the
consideration of the memorial of Samuel Colt, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
After a few remarks by Messrs. BURT and
STANTON, as to the utility of referring the me-
morial to the Committee on Military Affairs, it
was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New Yoik and citizens of Warien
county, New York, in relation to the continuance of
pensions to the widows of soldiers of the Revolu-
tion, and of widows of officers of the United States
army slain in battle, or who have died while in the
military service of the United States, and also from
the resolution of the House of H"th January last,
instructing them to inquire into the propriety of
paying to widows and heirs of volunteeis who may
have been killed in battle, or died befoie the end of
their term of service, the same pay they would have
received had they served the full time for which
they entered the scrvice; and they were laid on the
table.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made adverse reports upon the
say, that if the gentleman from South Carolina had j; petitions of Anna Leech, of Maine; MarthaWi-
allowed him to advance one step further, he would
have understood the point at which he was aim-
ing.
This was simply a resolution, the true meaning
and effect of which, in his opinion, would be to re-
fund to those persons who had been lucky enough
to bring back the remains of their friends from
Mexico all the expenses for transportation, burial,
&c., which they might have seen fit in the warmth
of their feelings to incur; and those soldiers and
those officers whose friends were poor would be
left, as he had before said, to sleep on the Held of
their glory. For such a resolution he was unwil-
ling to vote. He had been unwilling to vote for
the resolution of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, which proposed to bring back the indiscrimi-
nate remains of those who had fallen in Mexico; but
nans, widow of Abraham Winans, Jane Sulcer,
William Suicer, Sarah Sampson, widow of Peieg
Sampson; Sarah Teas, widow of William Teas;
John Victor, administrator of Sarah Victor; John
Caldwell; and resolutions of the Legislature of
Florida, in relation to the widows and orphans of
those who have died in the military service of the
United States in Mexico. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of Mary McRae,
widow of Lieutenant Colonel William McRae,
late of the United States army, deceased, reported
the same back to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass. The bill was commit-
ted.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of William Parker and of
he had ten thousand timed rather vote for it than to it William Via; which bills were severally read and
vote for the present resolution. This was not a !' committed.
resolution for the futuie. We were not going to j| Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
bring the remains of any back who had not already ;i on the petitions of Rebecca Boyd, Stephen Dceati
ught— of those who had been buried on !j Twiggs,Noah Clark, and Martin Dewey. Laid o
the field of Cerro Gordo or any other field, we
were not now going to hunt them up; consequently
those who slept there would continue undisturbed,
while the Government would be called upon to re-
fund the expenses which had been involuntarily in-
curred by the wealthy relatives and friends of such
deceased officers as had been brought back.
If the resolution passed he wanted its piovisions
to be general, including the remains of every offi-
cer and soldier who had fallen on the battle-fields
of Mexico. Let tnem all be brought home, and
r
on
the table.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the samp commit-
tee, made ad terse reports on the petitions of Henry
Shafer ami Sarah Knight. Laid oil the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported hills for the relief of Eliza A.
Mellon, of Benjamin Reisnyder, and of Francis
M. Holton; which were severally read and com-
mitted.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
„ ... , a. j" .imi.i, u.iu , upon the petitions of Isaac Denver and the heirs of
part cu ar officers and men not be distmguial ed, , Wilford Knott. Laid on tile table.
white the t 
men were
he hoped I    
teMr ^HaSkppowm^11'6 Y'T'tt H and Ann 'Allen, widow ofSamuel Allen. Laid
Mr CHARLES BROWN trusted the House on the table
would include the marine corps. There were both !i Also, from the same committee, bills for the re-
