1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*>f the resolution under which they were acting:, j
having disposed of the resolution, they must irnme- !
diately rise and report their action to the House, !;
The committee then rose, and the Chairman !i
reported that the committee had stricken out the i.
enacting clause. ;
The SPEAKER replied that the committee might !■
perfect, but it could not destroy a bill, and he an-
flounced the question to be on the bill and its ]!
amendments.
Mr. POLLOCK moved the recommitment of i!
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs. |!
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the '!
previous question. ,j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he hopecl the!,
fentleman from Connecticut would withdraw the ;i
emand for the previous question, for he had a ,!
substitute for the.bill, which he thought would be <
acceptable if it were heard. He had shown it to
friends on his side of the House, and they approved jj
of it, and he thought gentlemen opposite would it
too, if they would list'en to it. !j
Mr. ASHMUN inquired what the effect of the ;
previous question would be? jj
The SPEAKER, replied that it would cut oft* the j
motion to recommit, and bring the House to a di- |i
rect vote on (lie l)ili. ]!
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question, ']
but there was not a second, and the question recur- ;|
red on the motion to recommit. !
Mr. JONES then read his amendment, as fol- j,
lows: I!
"That the resolution approved March 3, 18-17. entitled j|
* A ro>olmion to refund money to the States winch imves-up- !;
'•plied volunteers and tuimshed them transportation duiing :j
'the piesent war, before' being mustered and received mu> ■]
* the seiviee of the United States,' bo,and tho same is here- ii
by, revived and extended > o as to authorize the payment of ■]
stmilar expenses to Slates or individuals, which buv« occur- |:
red Miice tlie approval of the resolution iiort in revived and (
extend, d." ii
The question was then taken on the motion to \\
recommit to the Committee ou Military Affairs, il
find it was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT IN OREGON..
On motion of Mr. HALL, of Missouri, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cranston, of
Rhode {standi in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to establish a Territorial Gov-
ernment in Oregon.
Mr. MILLIARD said, that in rising to address
the committee he did not propose to discuss the
provisions of the bill then before them; but there
were some topics which stood connected with the
general subject upon which he desired to give his
views.. The bill provides (said Mr. H.) for the ■
•organization of a territorial government for the !
people of Oregon. It is mulct stood that ncgou- j
ttiions are now pending with Mexico which will j
probably result in the extension of our territorial
possessions. We shall soon be called on to pro-
vide a government for the people of New Mexico
and of Upper California. I am not anxious to
engage in a premature discussion of topics which
must come up when that legislation is entered
upon. I hope that the wisdom and moderation
which have-been displayed heretofore, in dealing
with great questions affecting the interests of the
f>coplc of this country, will characterize the Icgis-
ation of Congress when that measure comes up
for consideration, and that the political rights of
the South will be regarded. They must be; the
South will aim at no exclusive advantages, nor
will it submit to unjust and humiliating restric-
tions. The gentleman who last addressed the. com-
mittee on this question [Mr. Smart, of Maine]
stated that the war in which we have been engaged
with Mexico was not undertaken for the acquisi-
tion of territory, but to quiet the title to Texas.
My honorable friend from Georgia, too, [Mr.
Cobb,] some time since endeavored to make it t
appear that it was impossible to condemn the act !
of the President in ordering the advance of the '
army upon the Rio Grande without condemning i
the previous act of the Government in annexing !
Texas to the United States, and at the same time '
including in our censure the act of Congress which j!
voted the supplies necessary to carry on the war (i
with Mexico. An honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, for whose opinions i entertain a high
respect, [Mr. Rhett,] has entered into an elabo-
rate argument in vindication of the policy of the
Administration, in which he declares that the
President was exerting his constitutional functions
in ordering the army to the Rio Grande. Now,
sir, t wholly dissent from all these views; and I
shall as rapidly as possible stale my objections to
the course of the President and the policy of his
Administration in regard to the Mexican question.
The time has arrived when we may be permitted
to survey the ground over which we have passed
fcince the opening of the war with Mexico. Hos-
tilities are suspended; peace is at hand—a peace
which is, I trust, to prove a firm and lasting one
between the two countries. It is not my purpose
to enter into an elaborate investigation of the causes
which gave rise to the war; that ground has been
fully explored, and I should hardly hope to come
back with a single discovery. I desire, however,
to hold the Administration up to its responsibility.
A war may be provoked by causes winch would
fully justify it, and vet be precipitated by an un-
constitutional act. The President, in ordeiing the
army to a position on the Rio Grande, clearly
usurped powers not conferred on him by the Con-
stitution. Texas was annexed to (his country by a
resolution which left the western boundary of that
State open, and provided that it should be ascer-
tained and fixed by negotiation.
If the President had become convinced that Mex-
ico would decline that mode of adjustment,and had
satisfied Congress thata resort must be had to arms,
we should have been at liberty to claim the Rio
Bravo as the western boundary of Texas, and to
direct the President to throw in a military force for
its defence' But, in the absence of <uich a deel (ra-
tion on the part of Congress, the order of the Presi-
dent to General Taylor to take up his position on
ihe banks of that stream was a gross, palpable, vio-
lent usurpation of authority. No array of grievan-
ces committed by Mexico against this country will
justify that order; no circumstances which existed
could vindicate thatactof the Piesnlent, while they
may juMtfy the act of Congress and vindicate its
recognition of this war, I do not deny that there
was ample ground upon which to rest a declaration
of war against Mexico. I am not disposed to deny
that th$re were hostile threats and warlike prepa-
rations on the part of that republic; but I do deny
that the Presidenthnd any constitutional authority
whatever to decide the question of peace or war.
That was a question for the decision of Congress.
The Constitution lodged there the authority to pass
upon so momentous an issue; and the act of the
President, in deciding that the western boundary
of Texas must be settled by arms, and not by ne-
gotiation, stands out as a bold usurpation of power,
which no circumstances can justify or excusc.
Still, this is purely a domestic question, and can-
not affect our relations with Mexico. It was an
ill-advised step, invited attack, and led lo hostili-
ties. Congress thought proper tr> recognize these
hostilities as nets of war; and I Iclt at liberty to
vote the. supplies necessary to carry on the war
thus brought on, though I condemned the cotuve
of the President. I am not, however, ready nt this
time to vote forYaising the ten additional regiments
which the President asks for. I am amazed that
gentlemen should press the bill at a moment like
this. Has there not been enough of war, enough
of its pomp and circumstance, enough of its ex-
pense ? With a good prospect for pcace, must the
country be again plunged, by rccklcss obedience lo
the demands of the President, into this wasteful
expenditure1 Some gentlemen, too, .seem uneasy
at voting against taking the bill up out of its order.
The time has gone by for such apprehensions.
The war has become odious to the people. The
country desires peace. The President has gone
down inthe contest,and, though he still rides along
the lines, and strives to animate his followers to
new struggles, he has none of the eneigy and power
of manhood left him.
" The tunes have been
*That when the bratns were out the man would die,
Anil there an end; but now they rise asam.
With twenty mortal murders on their crowns,
Aad push us Horn out stools."
What induced the President to seize this power
which did not belong to him? Was there danger
of invasion? No. There were no settlements along
the country bordering on the Rio Bravo to defend.
So far as anything American was concerned, it
was as destitute of life as the Carnatic after the
descent of Hyder Ali, as described by Burke, in
his celebrated speech on the Nabob of Arcot's
debts.
You might traverse the whole region and not see
one man, not one woman, not one child, not one
four-footed beast of any description whatever. Yet
tlie friends of the President seek to justify his rash
order for the advance of the army, by persuading
us that it was determined on under the apprehen-
sion of threatened invasion. There must have been
some other consideration—some ulterior, undis-
closed object which the President tiad in view.
By referring to the correspondence which took
place between the Secretary of War and General
Taylor, it will be perceived that as early as the
15th June, 1S45. Mr. Bancroft, while in temporary
i charge of the War Department, wrote lo the com-
j manding general in terms which would have autho-
rized him at that time to pitch his tents on the
banks of the Rio Bravo.
On the 30th of the succeeding month, the Secre-
tary of War wrote to him in similar terms:
"The Rio Grande is claimed to be the boundary between
the two countries, and up to this boundary j ou lire to extend
your protection, only excepting nnypo-ts on the eastern side
thereof which are in the actual occupancy oi Mexican loices,
or Mexican settlement* over wluch the lit public or' Tex&b
did not exercise jut Miction at the period of annexation, or
shortly beforetnatevent. Iti* expected Hint, in selecting the
establishment for your troopv, vou will approach a< near the
boundary line (the Km Graode) prudence will dictate "
On the 16th of October following, the Secretary
of War again writes to this officer:
"The information which we have received here, render*
it probable that no serious attempts wiii at present be made
by Mexico to invade Texas, although >be continues to threaten
inciirMoiH. Previous ins-tructioiis will h.tve put jnu in pos-
session of the views, of the Government of the tlmted States,
not only as to the extent of its territorial claims, but ot its
determination to a>sert them. *"■««* You will approach
jus near tin* western boundary of Tevas (the Rio Grande) as
circumstances will permit; having n'tercn^e to iea*onablo
security—lo accommodation*, lor putting jour tioop- into
vvint'-rhui-.ti deemed neeess-ary—to the tn<*iht> and certain-
ty of pi oe tiring or leeeivimj  upph«>!-, and to checking any
attempted incursions by the Mexican forces on the Indian
tribes."
Here, then, the Secretary of War, at a time when
there was no serious apprehension of an invasion
of Texas by a Mexican force, directs General Tay-
lor to approach as near the Rio Grande as circum-
stances will permit. He is informed, in the same
letter, that he need not wait for instructions from
Washington to carrv out what he might deem
proper to be done. Still General Taylor did not
advance, until, on the 13th of January, 1846, the
positive, decisive, fatul order was sent to him, to
take a position on the east bank of the Rio Grande:
I am directed by the President to instruct you to mivnnce
and oecupv, with the troops under your command, position®
on or near the en-t bank of the Rio del Norte as toon as it
< an be conveniently done, with reference to the sent-on and
the route-* by winch your movement* mu-t he made."
Point Isabel and points opposite Matamorns and
JVIicr, in the vicinity of Laredo, mo named as suit-
able places for taking up his position.
The oider of the Government was obeyed.
General Taylor advanced upon Point Isabel, and
took a position opposite Jlatamorcs.
Doubtless the President acted upon the idea that
a feeble people were likely to be yielding in nego-
tiation when an army hung upon and threatened
their exposed frontier. He disregarded the noble
Roman maxim:
Purce.re subjects, debellare supoboa.
Hence, when a minister was sent to negotiate, an
army was ordered to take possession of the very
territory which was to be the subject of negotia-
tion, and a fleet hovered upon the coast of a prov-
ince which thatminister was instructed to purchase.
If the force had been great enough the policy might
have been successful; but our small army invited
attack from its apparent helplessness.
There was something beyond the mere with to
quiet the title to Texas which the President had in
i view when he ordered the army to the Rio Bravo.
I T-le had just fallen back in inglorious retreat
j through five parallels of latitude on the Pacific
| coast^beforc the most formidable Power on the
j globe, and his aim evidently was to illustrate his
Administration by acquiring the northern prov-
1 mces of Mexico. Phaeton was the reputed son
of Phoebus, and, when his paternity was question-
ed, he visited the palace of the sun that he nnght
prevail on his father to give him the means of prov-
U lm illustrious descent. Phcebus allowed him
to drive his chariot tor a day, and instructed him
how to proceed through the regions of the air; but
Ihe feeble hand of Phaeton could not guide th< fly-
in; horses; they departed from their track; heave,,
and earth were threatened with conflagration, and
order could not be restored until a bolt front the
