566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
hand of Jupiter hurled the adventurous charioteer
from his seat. The President, in his eagerness? to
vindicate his claim to the high station which he
fills, ventured upon a policy which has brought
about similar confusion. General Jackson's tone
towards "France, which fortunately resulted in no
mischief, was assumed by Mr. Polk in his nego-
tiations with Great Britain upon the Oregon ques-
tion, and we narrowly escaped war. It was em-
ployed against a feeble Power with greater confi-
dence of success. The President had set his heart
upon acquiring New Mexico and California, and
it occurred to him that the most successful mode
of persuading Mexico to yield them up would he
to station an army on her frontier and a fleet on
her coast. That this was the aim of the President
\vili clearly appear when the instructions given to
Mr. Slidell are made public. He was sent to
Mexico, not simply as a commissioner to'settle
open questions, and especially to fix the western
boundary of Texas, but it seems that he wast in-
structed to spread before the Mexican Government
powerful considerations forgiving up the desired
provinces. As to New Mexico,"Mr. Slidell was
probably instructed to urge upon the Mexican
Government that it ought to belong to the United
States, a gi eat portion of it lying on this side of
the Rio Grande and included'within the limits al-
ready claimed by Texas; ft was, too, a remote
and detached province, the possession of which
could not be advantageous to that country; but, if
given up, she would be relieved from the trouble
and expense of defending the inhabitants against
the Indians. From these and other considerations
it was clear that New Mexico ought to belong to
the United States.
Nor was California to be overlooked; on the con-
trary, it was no doubt an important object of Mr.
Slidell's mission to secure a huge part of that prov-
ince. The possession of the bay and harbor of
San Francisco was regarded as all-important to the
United States; it was believed, too, that the Mex-
ican Government hnd but a shghi hold on Califor-
nia, and that they would readily relinquish thathold
ior <i sufficient consideration.
It is easy to trace the object of the Administra-
tion; it is impossible to mistake it; the main busi-
ness of Mr. Slide!! was to acquire New Mexico ;
and California. A fleet had sailed for the Pacific: j
the instiuctions which the conmmndei bore dis- 1
closed the puipose of the Government. Upper 1
California was to be taken; it was to be held; it :
was under no circumstances to be given up; we •
were to be found in possession of it at the close of '
the war, so that if a treaty of peace should be made |!
Upon the basis of theH/ipossidefiswemightretainit. j
General Kearuy was sent to take possess-on of i
New Mexico, and he was instructed by the Secre- I
tary of War to assure the people of that province j
that it was the wish and design of the United Slates 1
to provide for them a free government with the
least possible delay, similar to that which exi&ts m
our territories. They were then to exercise the
rights of freemen by electing their own representa-
tives to the Territorial Legislature. The war has
been prosecuted throughout for the puipose of se-
curing New Mexico awl Cahforn/a. There lias
not i een a moment since its commencement when
the Administration would ha\e concluded a peace
on any other terms. It was for this that General i
Taylor uas ordered to advance beyond the Rio
Grande after he had scatieied the Mexican army
in hopeless confusion, and to range his victorious
troops along the Sierra Madre. The President at
one time disclaimed any such purpose; but in his i
last annual message he employs no equivocal Ian- i
jguage. Referring to his former declaration respect- i
mg the war, he says: !
"Tn myamiutl mes-ase to Congress of December fa«t i '
dei l.ired th.n the war h.i* not been ua^d with aview'to i
conquest, but having- been commenced by Mexico, u !
boem-arni d into the enemy's c>.UM y, and will be vi-wnHy
pr.>-ecufed there with a view to obtain an ho.maMe dmc •
and thereby j.e< uie ample indemnity tm the expend of the
war, a« vv< I) a* to our much-injured citizf ns u ho hold lar e
p"cmnarv demands ag im-1 Mexico. * * * **
ft ha< iii-v, i b -en e<.ntemp';Ued by me ax an ob yet of the
war to m tfcea p 'nuaneutctinqae.-toi the Kepabiic o: Mex en
or to tumihilatu her separate eustenceab an independent na-
tion."
This disclaimer now, it will be observed, is as to
the Republic of Mexico, and is not applied to the
coveted provinces. On the contrary, he boldlydis-
closes his purpose to hold them in right of con-
quest:
" the, mean time, as Mexico refuses all indemnity, we
should adopt measures to indemni ynnrseUes byappiopna-
tins permanently a portion or' her teirilory. Euiy a!tt i Die
commencement of the war,New Mexico and the t -'alumina^
were taken po^e-sion of by < ur forces. Our.niiHiary and
naval commander* were orderj d to conquer and hold them,
subject to be dbp >^ed of by a treaty of peace. These provin-
ces are now in our undisputed occupation, and have been
so for many month*, alt reactance on the p:nt of Mexico hav-
ing ceased within their lmut<. I amsatbhed that they should
never be .-urrendetcd t > Mexico."
He advises Congress to extend over them the
jurisdiction and laws of the United States at once,
and insists that we ought not to wait for a treaty
of peace, but consider them at once as constituent
parts of our country. The President is, in some
respects, a bold man; for, in his annual message,
upon which I am remaiking, he asserts that Con-
gress contemplated the acquisition of territorial
indemnity when that body made provision f-r the
prosecution of the war. In seeking indemnity he
insists that the acquisition of territory was inev-
itable. It is impossible, sir, to obsetve the course
of this Administration without perceiving that
their object, from the first moment when they be-
gan to deal with the Mexican question, was the
acquisition of the northern provinces of Mexico.
These were to be torn from the Central Govern-
ment, and held as the spoils of war. This is the
meaning of indemnity for the past and seciuity for
the future—a phrase used as early as June 1846,
in a proclamation sent out to General Taylor.
Jt requires no publication of secret instructions
to demonstrate this. The President informs us,
in his la^t annual message, that the. commissioner
sent out to negotiate a treaty of peace was autho-
rized to agree to the establishment of the Rio Grande
as the boundary, from its entrance into the Gu'f
to its intersection with the southern boundary of
New Mexico, in north latitude about thirty-two
degrees, and to obtain a cession to the United
States of the provinces of New Mexico and the
California.-*, and the privilege of the right of way
across the Isthmus of Trhuantepec. The bound-
ary of the Rio Grande, and the ce^ion to the Uni-
ted States of New Mexico and Upper California
constituted an ultimatum which our commissioner
was under no circumstances to yield.
No one who thus traces the course of the Ad-
ministration, can be at any loss to account for the
order which sent the American army to take a
position on the Ilio Grande. The country bor-
dering on that stream was to be acqtuied; New
Mexico and California were to be secured; this
uay an ultimatum to be yielded under no circum-
stances; it was intended to he accomplished from
the beginning, and the Admini&ti ation thought it a
masterly policy to help the commissioner who was
sent to negotiate for this territory by marching an
army to intimidate the Government with which he
was treating.
This olject, so steadily kept in view by the
Administration is about to be accomplished. If
the treaty which has gone out to the Mexican
Government should be ratified, the Rio Grande
becomes the western boundary of Texas, and New
Mexico and Upper California will be added to our
territorial possessions; at least we get all New
Mexico and so much of California as lies norih of
the river Gila and a lint; drawn from its intersec-
tion with the Colorado, to a point on the Pacific
Ocean south of San Diego. If we had acquired the
fabled garden of the Hesperides, the Piesident
could hardly be more full of exultation. It is
worth while to inquire for a moment what this
teriitory is worth. The strip of couniry which
fringes the Rio Grande cannot be very valuable.
1 he population is said to be sparse and the crops
are uncertain.
New Mcxico is described as a region wholly
unsuited to an agricultural population. Lofty and
rugged mountains, narrow and poor valleys, make
up its great features, while an absence of water
and of wood complete its uninviting aspect. A
large portion is said to be made up "of rocks,
sands, and desert wastes." Itsustams a scatteied
and mi-erable population. Let us, however, take
ns Y«iue as estimated by the Secretary of State,
who is understood to have authorized Mr. Slidell
to offer for it fne millions of dollais.
The most intelligent travellers who have visited
Upper California agree in describing it as a coun-
try wholly destitute of attractions for a people like
our own. A very large proportion of the country
is represented as unfit for cultivation, and incapable
of supporting any dense population. Those parts
oi it which are susceptible of agiiculture must be
subjected to it by h rigation. It has none of the
resources v. hu h invite or encourage commerce.
The most valuable acquisition is the hay of Sun
Francisco; this will, it is to be hoped, give in-
creased security to our Pacific commerce. I arn
not disposed to depreciate its value, nor will I in-
troduce statements respecting it w hich might have
this effect. Let us take Mr. Buchanan's estimate
of the value of Upper California, embracing the
bay of San Francisco, whith is understood to be
fifteen millions of dollars; while, for an extension
of this line on the Pacific so as to take in Monte-
rey, the Administration authorized an oficr of five
millions more.
Of what possible advantage can this extension of
our tenitorial possessions be to us? The hay of
San Fianeisco, as I have already said, is important
to us in a commercial view; and the banen regions
of New Mexico and Upper California will form a
boundary over which it is to be hoped our spread-
ing population will not be inclined to pass. But
what do we pay for it? Upwards of twenty mil-
lions of dollars in cash, besides the whole expenses
of the war, which will probably swell the amount
to one hundred and fifty millions. Compare this
with the amount paid by us for Louisiana. We
gave for the rich and extensive teiritory included
under that name eighty millions of francs—about
fifteen millions of dollars. It was essential ro us;
it completed the compactness of our territorial pos-
session*; it gave us the command of the entrance
of the Mississippi, and, overlooking every other
feature, its importance may be estimated by a sin-
gle glance at New Orleans. There is a gieat city,
ranidly growing in population and wealth; a mag-
nificent emporium of commerce, receiving the pro-
ductions of a continent, and sendmg them out
through all the earth. Set down the cost of that
immense and feitile territory by the side of that
whi' h we are to pay for our new acquisition, and
you will be prepared to estimate the advantage
which the policy of this Administration has con-
ferred upon the country.
Rut there is another element of eo3t in the acqui-
sition of this new territory which must not be
forgotten. Louisiana was acquired by negotiation;
it was acquired in peace; it came to us a purchase.
But, in addition to the enormous outlay of money
to which" we are subjected by the policy of the
Administration in acquiring our new territorial
possessions, we yield up twenty-five thousand
human lives. The treaty which secuies to us this
territory is stained with blood. There is, too, yet
another sacrifice which we make in securing these
coveted provinces; a sacrifice of the most costly
kind—I mean the loss of national character. With
our ample resources, we shall soon replenish our
empty treasury, and our vigorous population will
hardly feel the check giyen to it by the loss of
twenty-five thousand of our people; but when will
the character of the nation recover from the wound
which it has iecei\ed? What art can relieve the
national escutcheon fiom "the spots" which stain
it? We have just received fiom the other side of
the Atlantic the tidings of a convulsion which has
overturned a throne; an enthusiastic people, our
former allies, long accustomed to admiie our in-
stitutions, have established a republic. Ourexample
has been felt throughout the world; the high career
which we have heretofore piusued, the glorious
example of i emulated liberty which we have exhib-
ited, the magnanimity which has maikedourin-
teicourse with other nations—all this hasawakened
throughout the world the noblest hopes. Bui we
now turn from this high career; we cat ry our eagles
in tnuniph over a neighboring and feeble people,
and we wrest ftoru them provinces which they aie
reluctant to surrender. The example is a fatal
one, and its influence upon the woild must be dis-
astrous. ^ Say what we may, this is a conquest;
the Mexican Government is driven from place to
place, hunted down, overthrown, and then a bas-
tard treaty is negotiated, which is helped forward
by the bayonet and the purse, bribery being called
in to accomplish what force could not" effect.
Against this mode of acquiring ten itory, I solemn-
ly protest. I do not object to t he extension of our
institutions, nor am I troubled with those appre-
hensions which seem to haunt the minds of some
gentlemen in regard to this subject. There is a
principle belonging to our system of confederated
States which will bear expansion—it can grasp a
continent. Steam and the telegraph have so in-
creased the means of communication, that the
