568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
which is presented to the mind of every Senator,
and it is therefore of a character which, it would
seem to me, must render it totally unnecessary that
it should be referred to a standing or even a select
committee. .Near the beginning of this session,
sir, a resolution was submitted by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] in
relation to what ought or ought not to be the policy
of theGovernmentof the United States with regard
to Mexico. That resolution looked to a pending
state of things, and was in its very nature a com-
plex proposition. It was so much so, and so im-
mediately connected with the action of ourGovern-
ment, that I thought—with great deference to the
better opinion of others, however—that it would be
most wise, most circumspect, in every way most
judicious, that a resolution of that import—in full
view of the actual relations which this country
bore to Mexico, at the moment the resolution was
introduced—should be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. But the honorable mover
of the resolution deemed it totally unnecessary that
any such reference should be made, and seemed to
. consider the motion to refer as a motion hostile to
the resolution, and as an indirect attempt to evade
the consideration of it by the Senate. K e therefore
opposed the reference, and opposed it with reasons
so good, in the judgment of a majority of the Sen-
ate,that hisopposition prevailed, and the reference
was not made according to the motion.
The proposition which I have submitted is a
simple, isolated proposition; it presents a solitary
question to the minds of the Senate, unembarrassed
and unelaborated by any details; a question on
which no committee can enlighten the Senate^ther-
wise than by making a report and presenting an
argument for ov against the specific proposition
contained in the resolution. I therefore trust that
this reference wilt not be made, but that the Sen-
ate will retain possession of the resolution, and fix
a day on which it will take it up forconsideiation,
and dispose of it in the usual form by a formal
vote of the body. Still, sir, I shall not only do
that which f am obliged to do.—acquiesce in the
judgment of the Senate upon the subject—but I
shall do it without any further complaint of that
judgment, than that such a course may look like an
unwillingness on the part of the body to meet this
question upon the responsibility of its members. I
shall not occupy the time of the Senate any longer.
Should it be the judgment of the Senate that the
resolution be referred, I trust that the committee
to which it is so referred will report it back in such
a form as to give the Senate the command of the
question, and not withhold it too long, to enable
us to fix a day for its final consideration.
I am not going into a discussion of the question
presented in this resolution now. If I were ever
so much desirous of doing so, and the Senate ever
so much desirous of granting me the honor of its
attention, still the cold, which I have would prevent
me from doing so at present; but I will state, that
if any member of this body supposes that this res-
olution originated inconsiderately, without a just
appreciation, as far as my mind could appreciate
such an important object, without a just apprecia-
tion of the effect of its passage, those who enter-
, tain this supposition are much mistaken. I duly
considered this matter in all its forms and aspects;
and never in my whole life have I embraced any
proposition with a more thorough approbation of
my heart and my mind, than that which I have
submitted in the form of this resolution. I think,
sir, that I know what I am about; I think that,
when I undertake to submit a resolution to ex-
press, through the instrumentality of the two
Houses of Congress, the approval of the Ameri-
can people of this great movement in Europe, I
know what I am about. But, sir, as I Paid before,
I will not go into this matter now; but I hope to
have an opportunity of going into it in all its
depths, even to its deepest foundations. It was
remarked by a distinguished member of this body
not long since, that we, now-a-days, hear but little
said upon the great elementary truths of public lib-
erty ; that the subject seemed to be forgotten.
Here, sir, is an occasion for reviving and review-
ing the elementary principles of public liberty; and
I desire, for one, to contribute my humble efforts
to remedy this evil of winch we have heard so
much complaint—that in our discussions here the
public mind has seldom been directed to the great
question of liberty—that we were distracted with
ideas of conquest, and had lost sight of ideas of
liberty. When this discussion shall come up, I
desire to go into this rich subject, and(to remedy
that defect in our discussions which we have heard
of not long since in this Senate. And I shall hope
to have the aid, or rathing something more than
the aid, of much abler men than myself upon this
floor; for I will not presume that any man, affect-
ing to represent the American people, would be
unwilling to say on their behalf that they congrat-
ulate the French people upon the establishment of
the liberties of France. I will anticipate no such
result. 1 shall not ask the yeas and nays upon
the motior to "refer; but I will hope that the Seriate
will not refer this resolution to a committee.
Mr. HALE. I wish, sir, to offer an amend-
ment, and I beg to say a few words in reference to
it. When we were counselled by the President of
the United States to establish a mission to Rome
on account of the occurrence of "recent political
events," there was a good deal of discussion as to
what the Pope had done. An honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] thought that the
Pope had done a great deal, whilst, on the other
hand, an honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Badger] thought that his Holiness had as
yet accomplished very little. In the case now be-
fore us, I think it must be admitted that something
has been done. The French revolution has not
been altogether fruitless. It presents something
tangible. I propose, sir, that our resolutions of
congratulation should have some meaning, and,
therefore, submit the following amendment to the
resolutions of the Senator from Ohio:
Add m the 8th line, after the word government, these
word;?:
" Arid manifesting the pineerity of their purpose by insti-
tuting measures for the immediate emancipation of the slaves
of all the colonies of the republic."
When we send such a resolution as that, sir, the
French people will be informed of the object of
our sympathy. It will assure them that in our
judgment they have indeed done something tangi-
ble in the cause of liberty and humanity, on ac-
count of which the heart of the American people
is filled with joy and gladness. The French peo-
ple have not made a mere empty declaration of
their attachment to the cause of liberty. They
have not declared the people free, and yet retained
their fellow-creatures in bondage. They have thus
done something which deserves the congratula-
tions of the whole world. I move that the amend-
ment be printed for the use of the Senate, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not perceive any necessity
for the reference of the resolution, and as it is ob-
vious that there must be some debate, I think that
the better course will be to fix a day for its con-
sideration.
-Mr. HALE. For myself, I should prefer the
course indicated by the Senator from Louisiana,
but I made the motion to refer in order to meet the
views of my friend frorji Connecticut, [Mr. Bald-
win.]
Mr. CALHOUN. I do not perceive the slight-
est necessity for referring this resolution to the
committee, and on that point I entirely concur
with the views of the mover of it. The resolution
is simple; it requires no examination of details,
and the Senate is just as competent to form an
opinion of its merits as any committee can possi-
bly be.
I do not intend to enter at present into the great
question presented in the resolution. To actupon
it now, would, in my judgment, be premature.
The people of France have done much. They
have made a mighty revolution. They have over-
thiown an old and powerful monarchy, and' de-
creed the establishment of a republic. All this
they have accomplished in a very short period,
and without any extraordinary bloodshed or con-
fusion. It is indeed calculated to excite our won-
der, and, so far as the aim of the French people
extends, our lively sympathy. But the time has not
yet arrived for congratulation. Much remains to
be done. The real work to be performed is yet
before them. They have decreed a republic, but
it remains for them to establish a republic. If the
Fiench people shall succeed in that—if they shall
prove themselves to be as wise in constructing a
proper constitution, as they have proved them-
selves to be skillful in demolishing the old form of
government—if they shall really form a constitution
which shall on one hand guard against violence
and anarchy, and on the other against oppression
of the people, they will have achieved, indeed, a
great work. They will then be entitled to the con-
gratulations, not only of this country, but of the
whole civilized world. But if they fail, what then?
What then? Can there be a more important in-
quiry? Jf France fail, under what form of gov-
ernment will she find herself? 1 suppose it will
be out of the question to go back to a constitutional
monarchy. The Bourbon family in all its branches,
is, I take it, now odious to the French people. They
will hardly think of reinstating the old imperial
dynasty of Napoleon. An aristocracy they can-
not think of; and what then must be the result, if
they fail to establish a republic? If it come to
contests within, or wars without—if it shall be
necessary to resort to force, to repress internal dis-
cord, or overcome foreign assailants—quite a pos-
sible case—France may find herself in the embrace
of a military despotism. Such a result would fur-
nish no ground for congratulation either on our
part, or that of the civilized world.
This is, indeed, a mighty movement. It is preg-
nant with mighty consequences. Whether the
result shall prove to be a blessing or a curse to
France and the world, depends upon what is com-
ing, rather than upon what has been already done.
A revolution in itself is not a blessing. The rev-
olution accomplished by the French people is in-
deed a wonderful event—the most striking, in my
opinion, in history; but it may lead to events
which will make it a mighty evil. It is therefore
premature to offer ourcongratulations merely upor*
a revolution. We must Took to the consequences
and the end. We nuist await the termination of
the movement. I wish well to France—sincerely
do 1 wish her well! There is no man that breathes
who has a deeper or more profound love of consti-
tutional government than I have—not one. But I
have never known a period when there was so
great a necessity for wise, deliberate, cautious pro-
cedure. Great events are befoie us. There lives
not the man who can say what another year may
bring forth.
I offer no opinion as to the success or failure of
the French people in this effort. I see tremendous
difficulties in the way of success—difficulties re-
sulting from the social condition of France, and
the composition or her people. I see, on the other
hand, a good deal of encouragement. The suc-
cess of the French people will, in my opinion, de-
pend, at least m a very high degree, upon the fact
whether she can prevent war—that again depend-
ing upon two circumstances: one, whether she
may have the self-control to abstain from improper
interference with surrounding countries; the other,
whether they may have the moderation and good
sense to abstain from assailing France. Thus far
the leading Power of Europe has certainly dis-
covered great good sense and foresight. Great
Britain has done as she ought to have done; and I
trust that every other Power in Europe will stand
and look on; giving France a fair opportunity to
consummate the great work in which she has en-
gaged. It is due to France, to the civilized world,
and to themselves, that European Powers should
observe strict non-interference. If she succeed, it
will be an admonition to all Europe, that the time
has arrived when they must agree to yield to lib-
erty in a constitutional and stable form. Thrones
will fade away, and freedom and republican insti-
tutions become the order of the day. If, on the
contrary, standing aloof and avoiding all contest,
France shall fail in this great undertaking, after a
fair trial, without the interference of other Powers,
it will do more to put down liberty under a repub-
lican form of government, than any other event
which could occur.
Now, I think that it is clue all round, that there
shall be a fair trial. The first step to that, in my
opinion, consists in quiet looking oh, and as little
interference as possible. To France, the people
everywhere will extend their sympathy; but I do
contend that the governments themselves ought to
be piudent and abstemious in the expression of
their sentiments. If we, as a Government, extend
our congratulations in this formal and solemn man-
ner, others may take the opposite and denunciatory
course, and between the two, that result will be
produced which must inevitably overthrow the
revolution—an appeal to arms. That is one reason
why this Government, looking to the interests of
France alone, and with the kindest feeling, oug:ht
to be cautious and abstemious in making a move.
My opinion, then, is, that the wisest course will
