572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. WiSNTWORTH. Is the motion debata-
ble ? .
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
jrufes is not debatable.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays oh the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, which were ordered, and
being taken, resulted as follows:
YE VS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham,
Birdsafl, Bucocfc, Bowdon, Bowtiu, Bo>d, Bridges, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Chase,
J3,,v\.rly L. Cla.k, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cohb, Collins,
Cum ni.is, Daniel, Dickinson, Dunn, Alexander E/ans, Far-
an, French, Fries, Fulton, GiyJe, Green, Willard P. Hall,
Harabon, H trris, H iskell, H.H, Isaac E. Holmes, George
S. Houston, Inge, Charles J. ingersoll, Andrew Johnson,
James H. Johnson, G-orge W. Jones, K u:'man, Ken-
non, La S6ie, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Levin, Ligon,
Lincoln, Lord, Lu-npkin, McClelland, McClernand, Mc-
Dowell, McLane, M inn, Miller, Morris, Murphy, N'icoll,
Pea-lee, Peck, Petric, Peyton, Phelps, Pill-bury, Pollock,
Rhelt, Kichardson, Richey, Robinson, Rockhill, Siu p?on,
Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles E.
Stu.irt, Strong, Thomas, James Tnoinpson, Jacob Tnonip-
60ti, William Thompson, Tnurston,Turner, Venable, Went-
worth, Wi<*k,Wile>. William*, and Wilmot—90.
NAVS—Me >rs. Abbott, Adams, A-lnnun, B irringer, Bar-
row, ttlanehard, Bovdon, Brady, Buckner, Canby, Chap-
man, Franklin Clark, Clinguian, Cocke, Collatner," Conger,
Cranston, Cri«field, Crowell, Ciozier, Dickey, Dixon,
Donnell, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Eckert,
Embree, Farrel'y, G line®, Gidding-, Goggin, Gregory, Grin-
nell, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton, Mo*es Hamp-
ton, Henry, Hilliard, Elsas B. Holmes, John W. Houston,
Hubbard, HmKon, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, John
W.Jones, Kdlog<r, McUvaine, Marsh, Marvin, Moiehe,ul,
Mullln, Nel-ou, Nes, Outlaw, Pendleton. Pieston, Putnam,
^Reynold*, Ju'ius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rutu^ey, St.
John, Sohenck, Shepp.jid, Shemll, Silvester, Hlmgerland,
Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stew-
art, Tal'madge, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Richard W. Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Tompkins, Tuck, Vinton, Warren,
and White—83.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
LIGHTING THE CAPITOL.
Mr. J. W. HOUSTON moved a suspension of
the rules, to enable him to introduce a resolution
of inquiry into the reasons for which the Treasury
Department refused to pay James Crutchett the
amount allowed him by act of Congress passed re- !
ccntly, compensating him for lighting the Capitol j
and Capitol grounds with gas. i
The House refused to suspend the rules. J
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION. I
Mr. CUMMINS asked leave to olfer the fol- j
lowing resolutions: !
JRcsoited, That it becomes the people of the United States ! I
to rejoice that the sentiment ofsetf-goierruneiit is commend- j
lug itself t.) the favorable consideration and adoption of the (
intelligent and thinking men of all intelligent nations. '
Resolve I) That the only iegitimatesouice of political power !
is the will of the people, and the only rightful end ot its ex- I
en i?e their cood. j
Resolved, That we sincerely hope that down-trodden hu- j
inanity may succeed in breaking down all foims of tyranny I
and opptf8einn,and in the establishment of free and national
governments t«>r the good ot the governed, and not for the
ag.randi/a-ment of those who govern.
Rcsotved, That we t nder our warmest sympathies to the
people or France and Italy in their present stiujgle for re-
lonn, and sincerely hope they may succeed in establishing
frde and consutummal government*, emanating fr° n and
b.i ed upon the will of the governed, suited to their wants
and condition, and such a  will tecuie to thein liberty and
safety.
Re olre<l, That we tender oursyinpathy and hopes of suc-
cess to every people who are seeking to e^tabli^h for them-
selves fiee ami national governments, and that whatever of
bl)od and treasure may he shed or spent in a struggle of the
oppre^-ed against the oppressor, is to be t harged to the un-
just resistance ot the oppressor, who strives to hold and
exert i-e the lizhf.s ot' the people, usurped ajrauist their will,
and exercised lor the benefit of the lew and the oppression i
of the many, and not to the people, who seek only to r« gam I
and excrete then natural rights in such manner its will best i
Bccuie and promote their own happiness and safety. !
The reception of the resolutions being objected !
to— j
Mr. CUMMINS moved to suspend the rules, to !
enable him to olfer them, and asked the yeas and !
navs,, which were ordered; and, being taken, re-i
suited as follows: I
YEA-*—"Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Bajly, Beale, Bing- i
ham, Bird-all, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Biid^es, j
Win. G Brown, Charles Biown, Albert G. Brown, Cabell, '
Catlicait, Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Claik, Howell !
Cob1*. Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Cummins, Daniel, Dickey, ;
Dic^in'son, Dixon, Dner, Dunn. Embree, Alexander Evan*;, 1
Faran, F.irrlfy, Fentherston, Ficklin, French, Fries, Gtd- 1
ding--, Green, 'Willaid P. Hall, James G. Hampton. Mo-es I
Hampton, Haralson, l/arn~, Haskell, Henley, Hill, Hilliard, |
G.-orje S. Hnt-tmi, John VV. Houston, Hunt, Inse, Chailes ;
J. Injei .ol|, Irwn, James II. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, !
George VV. Jone-. John W.Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, La !
Sfcre, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Ligon, Lincoln, Lord, j
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McCIernand, McDowell, i
Melhaiue, MeLane, Mann, Marvin, Miller, Mnlnn; Mur- |
phy, Ne>, Nicoll, Peaslee, Peck, Petrie, Peyton, Phelps, j
Pillsbury, Pollock, Preston, Reynold®, Richardson, Richey, i
Robinson, Kockhill, Rumsey, Sawj-er, Sherrill, Simpson,
Smart, Uobert Sniilh, Stanton, starkweather, Andrew Stew-
art, Charles E. Stuart, Talimid^e, Taylor, Thibodtaux,
'J'homa^, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Willtun
Thojnp-on, Thurstm, Tompkins, Tuck, Turner, Venable,
Wentwortli. Wick, Wiley, Williams, and Wilmot—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashmun, Barrow, Boydon, Bra-
dy, Buokrier,Canby, Chapman, Clingman, Cocke,* Collamer,
Conger, Cranston, Cri-field, Crow-di, Crozier, Donnell, Gar-
nett Duncan, Eckert, Edwards, Fulton, Gaines, Gayle, Gog-
gm, Gregory, Gunnell, Nathan K. Hall, Henry, Ems B.
Holmes, Hubbard. Hudson, Joseph R. Ingemdl, Kellogg,
Levin, Morchend, Nelson, Outlaw, Pendleton, Pitinam,
Julius Rockwell, St. John, Schenck, Shepperd, Silvester,
I'aleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Richard W.
Tnompson, John B. Thompson, Warren, and White—51.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. C. then moved the above resolutions; which
being read—
Mr. HILLIARD hoped that an Executive mes-
sage just received would be read by general con-
sent.
Oi-jectiorv being made—x
Mr. H1LLIARD moved a suspension of the
rules to admit the motion.
The CHAIR reminded Mr. H. that the rules
had already been suspended for the purpose of re-
ceiving the resolutions. The motion therefore was
not now in order.
The resolutions were again read.
Mr. CUMMINS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Great confusion instantly arose, and remonstran-
ces mingled with cries of " No, no; Oh, don't!"
Mr. CUMMINS withdrew his call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the fourth reso-
lution by inserting at the end thereof the follow-
ing:
'•And we especially see an encouraging eaine-t of their
success in the decree which pledges the s ud Government of
France to early measuies lor the immediate emancipation
of all slaves in their colonics."
Mr. SCHENCK suggested as an amendment to
the amendment to add the following:
u Recognizing a3 we do that cardinal republican principle
that theie shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
exci.pt lor crime."
Mr. ASHMUN accepted this as a modification
of his own amendment.
And the question being on the amendment thus
modified—
Mr. ASHMUN observed that he had nothing to
say on the amendment. Its propriety was.so ob-
vious as to preclude the necessity for remark.
Many gentlemen u ere here on the floor at once,
contending, with loud cries of " Mr. Speaker!" for
recognition by the Chair.
The resolution having been read as amended—
Mr. HILL1ARD moved that the resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BAYLY moved that they be referred to a
select committee.
Mr. DUER said'he had proposed expressing, in
a manner which he conceived worthy of the dig-
nity of the House and of the subject, the sympathy
winch he was very sure every gentleman could not
but feel, and which he had intended to move to be
referred to a select committee, to consist of one
member from each Stale.
Mr. D. read his resolution; and, after some con-
versation between Mr. DUER and the CHAIR—
Mr. BAYLY modified his motion for a select
committee, so as to read as follows:
" That the resolutions be refened to a select committee of
one from each Stale, with nisti uctions to report joint resolu-
tions expressing the sympathy of this nation ior the French
people in their struggle lor civil liberty."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL expressed his earnest
wish that the message from the President now on
the Speaker's table bhould be read. He presumed
there would be no objection. He understood that
it was on the subject to which the pending resolu-
tions referred, and suggested that the whole sub-
ject might be referred to the same committee.
[Cries of "read, read."]
The SPEAKER then gave the message into the
hands of the Clerk; when objection was made on
the left.
The CHAIR stated the question before the House
to be on the resolution of reference, as modified.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL insisted that the objec-
tion made had come too late, as the Speaker had I
handed the message to the Clerk to be read. !
The CHAIR ruled the objections to be in time, I
so that the message could not now be read except !
by unanimous consent. He had received no inti- I
mationo?whatthemessagecontained. TheHouse '
had been taken by surprise; and, as the Clerk had
not begun to read, or even opened the envelope
in which the message was contained", he ruled the
objection to be in time.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he was greatly
surprised to hear that the Speaker or the House
had been taken by surprise. He believe^ the sub-
ject of the message was generally understood; and,
as it had been delivered to the Clerk to be read, he
took an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question bein  immediately put on the ap-
peal, the ruling of the Chair was sustained—ayes
90, noes 30.
Mr. HASKELL inquired whether it was no#
in order to offer a substitute?
The CHAIR replying in the negative—
Mi. HASKELL wished it to be read for infor-
mation; but this was objected to.
[Voices: " You can read it yourself, as a part of
your speech."]
The CHAIR said the question would first be on
the motion to refer to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs; if that failed, it would next recur on refer-
ring to a select committee,
Mr. DONNELL moved to lay the resolutions
on the tabic.
On this motion the yeas and nays were called
for, and ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows: Yeas 15, nays 118. So the motion to lay on
the table was rejected.
And the question recurring on the reference of
the resolutions—
Mr. HILLIARD said, that in moving to'refer
the resolutions and amendments which had'been
brought forward upon the subject of the late revo-
lution in France to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, he simply desired to secure a proper expres-
sion of the sympathy which we felt in that move-
ment. The occasion (said he) is one of no common
moment; it must deeply affect the cause of man-
kind throughout the world. I am not ready to
extend the sympathy of this Government to any
people who simply overturn a throne, to plunge
into the wild, unrestricted, and reckless experiment
of ideal liberty. Every kingless government is not
of necessity a republican government. Liberty
cannot exist without law; its elements must be
consolidated, and its great principles be imhodied
in a constitution. The great movement in France
must develop institutions before it accomplishes
any permanent good for the French people. I con-
fess that I am not free from apprehension as to the
future; the convulsion which exhibits a form so
attractive to-day, may yet upturn the foundations
of society, and result in the wildest anarchy. On
the other hand, there is in the sreat popular move-
ment which has so suddenly and so successfully
expelled royalty from France, much of promise for
that beautiful country and formankind. I solemnly
believe that the time has come when kingcraft has
lost its hold upon the human mind; the world is
waking from its deep slumber, and mankind be-
gin to see that the right to govern belongs not to
crowned kings, but to the great masses. The as:e
in which we live will, I trust, witness the complete
enfranchisement of nations which have long been
governed too much.
I think, sir, that we ought to sustain our minis-
ter, Mr. Rush, who so promptly, without the
opportunity of consulting his Government, hailed
the popular movement which expelled a powerful
dynasty and proclaimed a Republic. It was a
generous impulse which prompted the act, and the
country will applaud it.
There are certainly some features in the scene
which France presents not wholly agreeable to a
thoughtful observer, and which awaken the appre-
hension that the Provisional Government just es-
tablished has promised more than it can redeem.
The fraternity which has been adopted may not be
consistent with regulated liberty; it maybe the
dream of idealists, and not the conception ofa phi-
losophical statesman. The measure, too, which
has been adopted in regard to the labor and wages
of operatives, doubling their compensation, and
undertaking to employ them on the part of the
Government, is a very unsafe one. Every one
accustomed to the order of well-regulated liberty
must see the danger of such legislation. It par-
takes too much of the character of a system of
social reform too impracticable to be easily recog-
nized. Still, these may be but temporary arrange-
ments, designed to give the new Government time
to adjust the complicated details of the great task
