1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
which has been undertaken. There are circum-
stances which may awaken apprehension, but they
cannot repress sympathy. No, sir; they cannot
prevent the expression of our deep and full sym-
pathy witli a people struggling to make a free gov-
ernment like our own. I, for one, cannot look
upon such a spectacle unmoved.. It may be pre-
mature—it may even be rash; but I should feel
myself unworthy of a seat in an American Con-
gress, if I could refuse to cheer a people engaged
in such a work. May they go on and prosper,
and may they erect upon the soil of France a gov-
ernment resting upon the great principles of con-
stitutional law, ensuring order at home, comrrf&nd-
ing respect abroad, and throwing over Europe the
clear and steady light of rational liberty.
I resxet, sir, that the. gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Ashmw] has thought proper to connect
with this subject another which does not belong
to it. I do not impute to him any improper mo-
tive, but he must know that the people of our part
of this Confederacy cannot hear without painful
sensibility the r social institutions alluded to in
such offensive terms. There is on the part of the
South nothing aggressive; they are content to sus-
tain the Government as it is; they make no war
upon the people or the institutions of the North.
But, sir, they observe your movements here with
profound interest. They know their rights, and
there is throughout their entire borders a purpose
to maintain them, with a courage and firmness
which nothing can intimidate or shake.
The feeling, then, in regard to the subject which
has thus been thrust upon the House so reckless-
ly, is so profound, so well settled, and, to borrow
a mode of expression from the French, so eternal,
that it is impossible to touch it without danger.
1 repeat, sir, that in moving to refer the resolu-
tions before us to the Committee bn Foreign Affairs,
I have no hostile purpose. I desire that when
Congress does speak upon this subject, it shall
speak in well-weighed and becoming terms. 1 do
riot like the language of these resolutions. It 30
happens that we are often called on to vote on
propositions suddenly thrown into the House,
when we cannot express our own true sense. _ Let
the resolutions go to the appropriate committee,
and come back to us in a better form.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, like the honorable
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hillia.ro,] he
sympathized with France; like him he objected,
and decidedly, to the firebrand which had been in-
troduced into this subjcct in the form of the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Asiimun.] Unlike the gentleman from Ala-
bama, however, he did not feel that distrust ill the
success of the late movement in France 
Mr. MILLIARD intei posed, and (the floor being
yielded) begsred that the gentleman would not mis-
apprehend him as saying that, he distrusted the
movement. What he had said was, that there
were certain indications connected with the move-
ment which weie calculated to awaken the appre-
hension that all might not be done as could be
desired. He, however, hoped for the best, and
cordially sympathized with the people of France.
Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded. Without
affirming anything of what the gentleman had
said, he (Mr. Mc.C.) wished to say, that lift had
confidence, sufficient confidence, in the ultimate
success of the great movement in which the French
people were engaged.
Since this subject had been introduced upon this
floor, he hoped he would be indulged by the House
in a few remarks explanatory of his views in re-
gard to it. If the subject had not been introduced
by some other member, he should have felt him-
self called upon to introduce it, for he believed it
to be a duty incumbent on the American Congress
and the American people to manifest their sympa-
thies and congratulations at the late movement in
France.
What was that movement, and on what did it
rest? It was such a movement as might very well
engage the attention of the whole world, and par-
ticularly of the American people, who owed France
so much. It was France who befriended us in
our infancy and time of need, who assisted us to
establish our independence, and to erect the noble
' fabric of liberty which, through the ordination of
Heaven, had become the example for her own
aspirations and her own patriotic effort. God grant
Iter success!
Such should be, and no doubt was, the sentiment
of the great mass of the American people—of every
American who was worthy of the name, who had
his heart in the right place. As France assisted
us, according to the circumstances in which she
was placed, by her arms, so we in turn should
assist France according to the circumstances in
which we are placed, by the assurance of our sym-
pathy and our congratulations.
It was objected, however, to any formal ex-
pression, thatitwas premature;that the revolution
might waste itself in anarchy, or sink into despot-
ism; that we should wait for certainty of its suc-
cess. He thought not. Now was the time, if we
really wished France to be successful, for the
voice of sympathy and encouragement. Let that
voice go forth from this Hall, and from every city
and hamlet in the land; let it cross the Atlantic and
echo in every part of France. Yes, let it resound
as the deep heartfelt shout of a free people of the
New World that a giant republic was about to be
given to the cause of human freedom in the Old
World. We should rejoice at the regeneration and
emancipation of enslaved nations. Freedom was
one of the appointed agents of God to advance the
spiritual as well as the temporal welfare of man;
therefore it deserved to be encouraged by us every-
where and at all times; and may she continue her
triumphs until the whole world be made to ac-
knowledge her mild sceptre and genial sway ! It
occurred to him that the apprehensions of those
who feared the success of the French movement
were unfounded; that such persons interpreted in-
correctly and imperfectly the state of Europe.
What was that stnte? and what did it import?
The revolution of 1789, although abused in many
respects, effected one great and pm amount object.
It schooled Fiance in the knowledge and love of
liberty, which, howeveritmightbe repressed,musi,
at no distant day, result in the fruition of matu-
rity and permanence. Had not the revolution of
1789 occurred, perhaps France would have been
less competent tor self-government—-for the estab-
lishment of republican institutions—perhaps the
late revolution would not have occurred at all.
One thing was certain: France had now arrived at
that state of moral and intellectual advancement
which^must prevent her relapsing into permanent
despotism, which must replace every form of royal
authority with free institutions.
Besides this one great advantage of the revolu-
tion of 1789—a revolution much abused—there
were many other incidental advantages resulting
from it, some of which were, that the monopoly ol
military rank by the ancient nobility and the nght
of primogeniture in the descent of propei ty were
abolished"; the Uilrestk cachet were suppressed, and
peifect equality in the administiation of public
justice was sccurcd, Yes; all this and more was
accomplished. Who should say that the work
thus gloriously begun would not be completed?
Who could say that* France, thus schooled by the
experience of the past, and stimulated bypaitial
success, would not persevere in her efforts until
her liberties should be established on a firm popu-
lar basis? For one, he religiously believed, as he
fervently hoped, that such would be the result.
And what had France already done towards the
accomplishment of this great object? He was
about to show that she had done much. Goaded
by a tyrannical censorship, exercised by the Gov-
ernment over the freedom of the press, the fieedom
of discussion, and the right of the people peaceably
to assemble and consult together Cor the public good,
she determined to vindicate her rights, " peaceably
if she could, forcibly if she must." Accordingly,
the people of Paris appointed a day for a reform
banquet—a public meeting where ihe grievances
of the people and the best means of icdressing
them were peaceably to be discussed—the 22d of
February—a day which he hoped would hereafter
he sacred to the cause of French liberty, as it was
in America from the birth of the Father of Ameri-
can independence. The prefect of police and the
commander of the national guards issued their
proclamations prohibiting the assemblage. But
upon the day appointed large masses of people
were seen moving first towards the place of ren-
dezvous, and afterwards towards the Chamber of
Deputies, there to prefer their complaints. The
Government, equally determined, directed a large
body of troops against the people, and thus by force
of arms drove them from about the Chamber. The
Opposition Deputies moved the impeachment of
i the ministers of State, and declared, their purpose
to resign if the motion should be rejected; and thus
ended the first act of the drama.
On the 23d, what had been on the previous day
commotion now became insurrection, in which it
was quite evident a considerable portion of the Na-
tional Guards sympathized, while another portion
was employed against the people, and at some ex-
pense of blood and life. The people demanded of
ihe editor of the National that he should see that
their liberties were not again played with—a noble
tribute to the majesty and power of a free and faith-
ful public press. The people also demanded reform
and the dismissal of the ministers. The ministers
resigned, but too late. And thus ended the second
act of the drama.
On the 24th what had been insurrection now be-
came revolution. The king abdicated the crown
in favor of his grandson, the Duke de Paris, and
nominated the Duke de Nemours for regent, who
was rejected, as also was the Duchess of Orleans,
by the Chamber of Deputies. Next the people
proclaimed a Provisional Government, the 1Cmg
left Paris, and, from the latest information, together
with the royal family, was in England. The peo-
ple bore his shattered throne along the streets of
Paris, hymning the song of liberty, and shouting
anon for a republic upon the model of the United
States. And thus passed away the most brilliant
and influential throne of Europe. Thus ended the
grand drnma in successful revolution.
Well, what now followed ? Did the people prove
true to themselves? Did the wisdom and energy
of their measures falsify the imputations of the
enemies of popular government ? He ventured the
opinion that never was there a more august and
sublime spectacle manifested by any people than
that which was manifested by the people of France
in their subsequent conduct. Among other decrees
of the Provisional Government, and the civil au-
thorities subordinate thereto, he found the follow-
mg:
1. Interdiction of the meetineof the ex-Chninb*r of Peers.
2. An organization of a movable National Guaidoftwenty-
four bittahons.
3. Tml< ries to he an asylum for invalid workmen.
4. Capit-il punifhment to be abolished.
5. All political prisoners to be liberated and furnished with
means to join their families.
6. Suppression of Chamber of Poer* and dissolution of
Chamber of Deputies; constitution of a Republic; eveiy cit-
izen to be a National Guard ; the liberty of the press guar-
antied and fieedom of thought secured.
7. National woik^hop>. to be opened for th^unemployed.
8. All citizens to lemnin in arms ancf defend their barri-
cades till they have uequirert all their rights.
0. Abolition ol'all titles of nobility.
10. National Assembly to meet on the 50th of April and
decree a coiMitutmn. Population to be the ha-ds of election.
Representatives* ofthe people fixed at nioe hundred, includ-
ing tho<e ofAk'H'i-: and the colonic; sutl'rajre to hi* dm:ct,
universal, and hv ballot. All Frenchmen tvventv-one years
of a«e to Ik* eleetoi.s, and ail of twenty-live to tie eligible to
be dieted.
11. Sy-tem of indirect taxes to be modified-
1*2. All pio.-ecmions ng<u,,-u the press and for political
offence*! to be withdrawn, and prisoners confined for *uch
offences to be released.
13. Tlie persons, rights, and property of foreigners to be
respected.
14. All citizens to he armed a* National Guards.
15. Diminution m The hours of labor.
16. Property of all kinds and works of utility to be pre-
served.
17. The army to be reorganized.
If he might be allowed to moralize upon this
grand phenomenon, what should he say? He should
say it was the natural and necessary result of con-
flicting elements in principles. For a long time
the principle of democratic numbers and popular
sovereignty had been undermining the antagonist
prim pie of aristocracy and regal authority through-
out Europe; and at length, in France, the austere
and blood-stained edifice of benighted centuries had
been crumbled to the dust—armies, thrones, and
castes had been swept away as an atom before the
popular breath. , •
The French revolution was not merely the tri-
umph of the multitude over the unequal resistance
of one man. Far more. It was the triumph of
liberty over tyranny; of truth oyer error; of hu-
manity over inhumanity. Yes, it was a distinct
and authentic annunciation of the great ana inesti-
mable truth that the time was rapidly approaching
when in Europe military force must bow to moral
force; when kings must bow to the superior majes-
ty of the people! when the masses of Europe have
only to will it to be free.
France, if she maintained and matured the fruits
of her revolution, would rise with salient energy to
the ascendant position and influence which would
