1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HIS
amendment was calculated to awaken unpleasant
feelings m the breasts of southern men, and to
force them to vote against a measure, if the amend-
ment were incorporated, winch they would other-
wise most cordially support. The people of the
South did not complain if the balance of the
■ world saw fit to abolish slavery within their own
jurisdictions. As a southern man, as a slaveholder,
he could stand by and cheerfully see Kentucky
abolish slavery within hei limits. What the South
complained of, was not that other people were en-
deavoring to ameliorate their condition, to abolish
slavery if they saw fit, but of the unnecessaiy in-
terference of other people with them. Had they
ever reproached Massachusetts, orNew Jersey, or
any of the other free States, because they in their
wisdom had seen fit to abolish slavery within their
own bounds? No; the South had nothing to say
to the balance of the world; none of the Stales of
the South had anything to do with any of their
sister States in reference to this question, any more
than their sister States had to do with their mtei-
nal affairs.
He was getting sick and tired of this continual
thrusting in the subject of slavery into this Cham -
ber upon every occasion, whether it was properly
and fairly to he brought before the House or not;
and he believed, before God, that if there were any
men here who were doing more than others to stop
the progress of freedom, to injure this Govern-
ment itself, which was us germ and bud, already
in flower, whose fragrance was diffused around the
eaith, and was stimulating the nations to exert
themselves to enjoy its sweets, and to establish
among themselves the principles of liberty—if there
were any men who were inflicting a stab upon those
principles, and hindering their advance, it was
these men who were continually intiodueing this
subject of slavery—a subjcct calculated to produce
disunion in this Hall, and among the different sec-
tions of the country, and put out this light of free-
dom towaids which with hope were turned the
eyes of the downtrodden woild. Is your love for
the slaves of the South (asked Mr. H.) such, that
for the purpose of advancing their interests, as you
imagine, you are willing to do that which in all
probability would dissolve those bonds which bind
this people together? The introduction of this
amendment (he said) could have no practical pur-
pose; Us effect coulcl only be pernicious.
He desired to see this House come to this ques-
tion with dignity. He desired to see them united
in hearty cordial congratulations with France in
the great political movement in which she was now
progressing, if wo looked all over the world we
had cause for congratulation upon the advancement
of the pnheipJes of human liberty. It had been
well remarked by the gentleman from Alabama
(Mr. Hilliard] that the days of kingcraft had
gone. The divine nght of kings was no longer
acknowledged. The kingdoms of Europe—not
only of France, but of Prussia, Germany, and the
minor kingdoms almost without an exception,
were upheaving beneath the throb of liberty which
was animating the bosoms of their people. It was
from this country that they had caught the flame.
It was by looking at us and seeing us advancing in
greatness and harmony, developing our resources,
accumulating wealth, and enjoying all the benign
effects of civil and religious liberty—it was this
view of our condition which animated and inspired
the nations of the world. He should always,
therefore, witness with extreme regiet, when our
mission was so elevated, so lofty, gentlemen dis-
turbing our harmony and impairing the influence
of our example by the introduction of propositions
totally foreign to the subjects under consideration,
and calculated, instead of making us an example
in the resolutions offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee came nearer to the object he had in
view than those in any others he had heard read
to-day. But he thought ihere were elements in
the late movement in France which transcended
either the suggestions that had been made in the
resolutions first offered or in the resolutions sug-
gested as an anticipated amendment on the part of
the gentleman from Tennessee.
On the part of the populace of France there had
been indicated already, in the course of the proceed-
ings of that great revolution, a respect for religion
that consecrated the transactions of the 22d and 23d
ofFcbruary; and he rejoiced at the proof and prom-
ise to the world that the reign of terror would never
again succeed, in France, the reign of liberty.
It will become us, at some proper opportunity—
it might now, for what we know—to offer our con-
gratulations to all the world that have partaken of
the spirit of liberty which animates our institutions,
and that has preserved us a united and happy peo-
ple. But he trusted that the time would nevercome
when morality, and religion, and piety should be
forgotten among a people where order and law were
the special objects of the consideration of the Gov-
ernment.
There was another subject that he thought ought
to be introduced into the considerations of this
House before any action on its part went out to
the country and the world. Those men who had
led in the present French revolution—some of them
knew, ail of them had read in history, that there
was a tendency during; the events of more than half
a century ago to bloodshed and cruelty so dire that
humanity blushed at the prospectus it now blushed
at tiie retrospect. One of the numerous nets put
forth by the Provisional Government, with a view
to guard against that precise result, was for a sea-
j son, and perhaps forever, the abolition of capital
punishment. The reign of terror has ceased—is
at an end—and the reign of the guillotine is gone
forever. y
He had not expected, until within the last ten
minutes, to say anything on this important sub-
ject. He regretted that the suggestion had not been
made, either in resolution or in debate, by some
other member who hud taken a special part in these
proceedings;but he could not reconcile iuo his judg-
ment to sit by while action was about to be taken,
j without intimating this suggestion, which was im-
portant in any movement which the House might
see fit to adopt.
Mr. CUMMINS said it was not his purpose to
enter at length into a debate upon France, her his-
tory, her present condition, or her prospects. Hut
inasmuch as his friend from Alabama [Mr. 1-Iil-
i.iardJ and his friend from Tennessee [Mr. Has-
kell] seemed to have misapprehended the spirit
and perhaps the language of tne resolu'ions he had
had the honor to offer, he deemed it nothing more
than right, in self-justification, to say a few words
on this subject.
Those gentlemen seemed to apprehend and to
intimate—not by expression direct, but rather by
inuendo—that there was something in those reso-
lutions that breathed a spirit of propagandism, or,
if you please, the spirit of revolution. He begged
leave to say to those gentlemen and to all others,
that he had drawn up the resolutions, as he con-
ceived, with care to meet the separate and distinct
propositions which had a bearing oo the political
condition of France and the general principles of
self-government in republican forms of govern-
ment. To vindicate himself against the imputa-
tion, either director collateral,of havingintroduced
into this Hall anything inflammatoi y, j xcobinical,
or propagandist, he would proceed to read the res-
olutions in their order; and if any gentleman saw
to the world, to render us a distracted, divided, |j fit to take exception to them, or to what he should
unhappy people.
Under other circumstances he would have pre-
ferred that this subject should not be referred at
all; as it now stood, and, if it remained before the
House, as he could perceive that continual amend
| say upon them, he desired to have him rise and
express it.
[He read the first of his resolutions.]
There was nothing more than the averment (he
said) of an abstract proposition; and he asked gen-
men ts would be offered, the object of which would .1 tlemen, was there anything in it to which any gen-
be to defeat the resolutions, he should favor the i tleman could take exception, either in language or
motion to refer. * sentiment? If there was, he desired to hear-tt.
jV1r. J. R. JNGERSOLL said he should exceed- ') Were they not the principles of self-government,
ingly regret that any action should be taken on the '1 emanating, like the rays of the sun, from the cen-
part of this House, in regard to the very important tre, and spreading themselves over the length and
circumstances which were now under considera- i
tion, without an additional element to those con-
tamed jn any one of the propositions hitherto !
presented by any of his friends- The suggestions i
hreadth of this land, and not confining themselves
to this happy country, but crossing the confines of
tyranny, entering within the borders where crowns
rule and where soldiers control the mind of the peo-
ple, where political and religious liberty are not
tolerated, and where the press is muzzled? ' It be-
came the people of the United States to rejoice that
the principles of self-government had beeu-dissem-
inated and favorably leceived. Did gentlemen take
exceptions to this or not?
[Eie then read the second resolution.]
He had an object (he said) in drawing this res-
olution,and his purpose was, that when this nation,
through its Representatives in this Hall and the
other Hall of Congress, should send to France the
glad tidings of our syi'npathies with them; when
we should" promulgate them to the world, whether
bond or free, whether ruled by crowns or officers i
of theirowu choice, he wished to proclaim to them—
accompanying our sympathies, accompanying our
approbation of ail laudable, all rational efforts to
free mankind from the shackles of tyranny—the
high principle which we hold sacred and right, that
the legitimate source of all political power is the
will of the people only, the object of its exercise
their good. It would be recollected by gentlemen
that the principle was announced by the Premier
of the late Government, (Guizot,) when speaking
of the French constitution, not one yearsince, that
the King was the source of all political power, and
that whatever power was not granted by the King
to his subjects was reserved to the King. This
was the doctrine of monarehs, of the crowned
heads of the world. To show that we held doc-
trines diametrically opposite, he had framed this
resolution.
Did the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Has-
kell] and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hil-
liard] take exception to the language? Were they
unwilling to say that the only legitimate source of
political power is the will of the people, and the
only rightful end of its exercise their good ? That
resolution was framed on the principle which in-
volved a radical difference between a republic and
a monarchy. Here we maintain that the people
are the source of all power, and that whatever
power was not delegated by the Constitution, was
reserved to the people. But in France, the Premts r
declared that all power was inherent in the King,
and that all powers not conferred by the King were
reserved by him. Now, he desired France and
the world to know the fundamental principle which
we maintained, and wherein we differed in thit re-
spect from thedoctiine which had been cherished
by the occupant of their throne and his ministers.
So much for &he second resolution.
His third resolution set forth the sentiment that
we sincerely hoped the downtrodden might succeed
in breaking down all forms of tyranny and op-
pression, and in the establishment of fiye and na-
tional governments, for the good of the governed,
and not for the aggrandizement of those who gov-
erned. And did gentlemen take exception to thai ?
Was that incorrect? Was not a government of
laws good for the governed; of laws for the gen-
eral good of all, and not for the aggrandizement of
those who govern ? He thought it was a self-evi-
dent proposition. He did not mean to say that
gentlemen of education might not have expressed
themselves in better terms. He thought it possi-
ble that gentlemen of high attainments, belles-lettres
scholars, might have made the language more pleas-
ing; he sought only the use of such language as
would clearly convey the sentiment which he de-
sired to express courteously and respectfully. That
was all he desired.
And what were the terms of the next resolu-
tion? That we tendeied our warmest sympathies
to the people of Fiance and Italy in their present
struggle for reform, and sincerely hoped they might
succeed in establishing free and constitutional gov-
ernment, emanating from and based upon the will
of the governed, suited to their wants and condi-
tion, and such as would secure to them liberty and
safety. He did not desire to tender sympathy
with France as she was in '92, nor if she was to
be turned loose, like a wounded tiger, to destroy,
and lacerate, and tear to pieces. He expressed
no sympathy with licentiousness anywhere, rie
had no approval for wanton destruction at any
time. He desired that tl'.e good of the people
should be seemed and made safe. He simply
exp.essed, in that resolution, the hope that t ,-am-o
would succeed in the establishment of a fieecon-
stitntional government as the result of her present
struggle for reform; and be had a motive for usn«
the terms " constitutional government. He used
•them- with the succeeding explanatory terms;
