THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
30th Congress, 1st Session".
SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1848.
New Series No. 37
see would learn something of the slavery of Gua-
dalupe and Martinique, and the other colonies of
the French Government. If the gentleman had
understood the subject, if he had looked at suffer-
ing humanity which existed on those islands, he
would not have asked where in the French colonies
slavery existed ? He had not expected such a ques-
tion. The gentleman from Tennessee should have
known that the Government under Louis Philippe,
years ago, sought to throw off the shackles of the
slaves ofGuadaloupe'and Martinique. They had
his (Mr. G.'s) sympathies, and he believed the
same love of liberty which pervaded h is heart, the
same desire to raise the bowed down and degraded,
the same anxiety for the diffusion of intelligence and
the exaltation of virtue which he felt, influenced
the heart of the gentleman from Tennessee. He
was pleased to hear the gentleman from Tennessee
cay that he approved of the abolition of the slaves,
Mr. HASKELL said he might not have ex-
pressed himself very clearly. What he intended
to have said was, that the South was no propa-
gandist on the subject of slavery. The South did
not desire to extend it, but they desired those who
held slaves to act for themselves, without exterior
interference, and to abolish them for themselves, if
they pleased to do so, and the South would not
complain. If Prance emancipated her slaves, the
South would not complain. They would not com-
plain if Kentucky did so too. In this Tennessee
•would have no right to interfere.
Mr. GIDDfNGS rejoiced to hear that. The
conversion of the South on the subject of slavery
was absolutely more sudden than thai of St. Paul.
Light had come upon their path suddenly, and he
regretted that it was not in his power to express
the gratitude of his heart on hearing such cheering
intelligence.
Mr. HASKELL hoped the gentleman from
Ohio did not understand him to be a quasi abo-
litionist, nor a half-way slavery man. He believed
the institution of slavery to be of divine origin,
and that God in his wisdom had made negroes for
the benefit of white men. But, while he believed
that he had the right to hold slaves, and thftt Ten-
nessee had the right to uphold the institution of
slavery, and that nobody else had the right to in-
terfere with them, neither he nor she desired to
interfere with others,
Mr. GIDDINGS was always glad to be .unde-
ceived. If the gentleman fiom Tennessee had no
pulsation for humanity, he desired to hear the gen-
tleman say so. But allusion had been made to
complexion, and he desired to ask the gentleman
where he would draw the dividing shade? Was
it half white, quarter white, or two-thirds white? >
If they went to the plantations of some gentlemen \
in the South, various shades of color would be found.
Here was a grave question, which came home to
his understanding,and he would like to know where
to fix the line, and how much white blood should
flow in the veins of man. If men were to be meas-
ured by their complexion, he would repudiate the
sentiments of the gentleman from Tennessee more
strongly than that gentleman could his. Was, then,
complexion the rule of right? In God's name, in
what age did we live ! Did it come to this, that, in
an American -Congress, a gentleman could come
forth and declare that complexion was the rule of
liberty? Why, the French people were darker than
either the gentleman from Tennessee or himself.
But again: his colleague [Mr. Cummins] had
taken occasion to say that he was not a propagan-
dist. He(Mr.G.) was a propagandist. Me thought
his colleague did not understand the term. He
(Mr. G.) would extend liberty wherever humanity
could be found—wherever there was a man, cre-
ated in the image of his Maker, to whom God gave
power over all other things—and to man in the dig-
nity of his nature would he give liberty. He had,
therefore, greatly rejoiced when he read that France
had thrown open her slave prisons. But how could
this House join in thanks to the French nation for
that? Look from that window, and .there they
would see a slave-pen, whose gloomy walls, in
mute but eloquent terms, proclaimed the hypocrisy
of the deed. There were husbands, and wives, and
37
children, confined in that prison-house, whose hu-
man flesnVas an article of commerce. That slave
trade was maintained hy the laws of Congress, by
whose sanction they had seen their servants taken
from their very presence by inhuman slave-dealers,
and,gagged and manacled, borne to slavery. The
law by which it was done was their own law—a
law passed by Congress, and upheld for years, and
which they continued to sustain; and yet they were
now complimenting'the French because they had
stricken the shackles from their own slaves! Now,
would it not recoil on themselves ? Would not the
French cast it back upon them with indignation?
Would they not look with disgust on such decep-
tion and hypocrisy, when they saw a nation of
slave-dealers tendering their sympathy to a free
people ? A Congress refusing to stop the traffic in
man here was tendering its sympathy across the
Atlantic because he had got his freedom elsewhere!
Was it not gross hypocrisy, and would it not be
so viewed by that people?
He had already detained the House longer than
he intended when he rose. He had risen simply
to express the feelings which animated Ins own
breast when he received the news of which he had
spoken, and hisdeepand heartfelt sympathy with a
people that had shown itself determined to be free;
and, having done so, he should resume his seat.
Mr. BAYLY said his principal purpose in rising
- was to exhibit, in all its deformity, the character
j of the amendment which had been offered by the
| gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Asiimun;]
[ but before he did so, he desired to submit to the
| House a few remarks in vindication of the motion
which he had had the honor to make. On all occa-
sions of this sort, when they were attempting to
institute a national action; when they were insti-
tuting a proceeding which would attract the atten-
tion of other nations of the civilized world, he
thought their proceedings ought to be marked by
deliberation. He thought the world should see
• that their action had not been the result of a mo-
mentary impulse, but of calm and deliberate con-
sideration; and therefore it was that he thought
that in a movement of this sort the House ought
not to act on the resolution until it at least had un-
dergone the scrutiny of the Committee of Foreign
Affairs. It should not seem to be at the instance
of any single member not holding an official po-
sition here, not standing at the head of the com-
mittee, nor even of a member of the committee
having in charge our foreign relations. It seemed
to him that it should come before the House in a
still more imposing form—from a select committee,
to be composed of one member from every State
in the Union, which was the form of committee
usually adopted when new questions were pre-
sented involving momentous considerations. He
thought, therefore, that there was a marked pro-
priety in committing these resolutions to such a
committee, so that they should not blush to see
them submitted to the scrutiny of the statesmen
of the world. In the political body (the Legisla-
ture of Virginia) in which he had his earliest les-
§pns, it was the invariable practice, when subjects
were presented not connected with its ordinary
legislation, to raise a select committee for their con-
sideration.
But he had another object in moving to commit
these resolutions and the amendment. He wished
to arrest an effort which was made to seize this oc-
casion, which ought to be one of national lejoicing,
and turn itinto one of domestic discord. He was not
surprised at the movement, however; he expected i
it. Having been an attentive observer of the pro- j
ceedings of this House, he had never seen an occa- I
sion which ought to have been one of harmony and I
unanimity on which lie had notheard the raven, dis- j
cordant voice of evil omen of the gentleman from
Ohio, boding fraternal discord and strife. Having
uniformly before made such exhibitions, of course
he looked for it now from the gentleman from
Ohio and his coadjutors, two of whom, the gentle-
| man from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] and the
j gentlemanfrom Ohio, [Mr.Schenck,] were leading
j members of the Whig party. What was the char-
acter of the pending resolutions, and of the amend-
ments ? Why, they were there as freemen, rejoic-
ing, as they ought to rejoice, without reference to
party or local feelings, at the commencement of a
revolutionary movement whose tendency was to
liberate France and establish a free government of
her people.
On an occasion such as that, the gentleman from
Ohio and his coadjutors stepped forward, as is their
custom, and sought to change-an occasion of na-
tional rejoicing into a national bickering; and this,
which ought to be a day of unanimity, to a day of
discord. £5ut that was not the worst. When they
were here rejoicing that the palace of the despot had
crumbled into dust, the gentleman comes here and
tries to make the temple of our liberties totter to its
ruin. When they were rejoicing at a movement
which their own bright example had originated, the
gentleman comes forward and makes a motion the
tendenc}' of which is to destroy that Government
whose eminent success has encouraged the spread
of liberty throughout the world. He does more:
he comes here and introduces a resolution which is
a libel on an institution of half the States of this
Union, and he declares a principle which stamps
hypocrisy on every patriot and statesman of the
Revolution. He comes to this Hall and denounces
negro slavery as inconsistent with the cardinal
principle of republican liberty; and he docs that
while sitting under a Constitution formed by States
everyone of which, with one exception, was at
the time of its formation a slaveholding State, and
half of which continue to be so to this day.
He comes here and tells us that Patrick Henry,
whose eloquence he complimented, who did more
than any other man to rouse the American peo-
ple to the revolutionary struggle, and to prepare
them for its coming glories—that man who pro-
claimed the sentiment, " Give me liberty, or give
me death!"—he has offered a proposition which
says that that man, during that period and after-
wards, until he went to his grave, lived in the vio-
lation of cardinal republican principles. He has
proposed a resolution which is a libel on the char-
acter of the man whose victorious sword carried
us triumphantly thgough our revolution, and whose
great moderation, justice, and prudence did so
much to establish our own glorious and free insti-
tutions. His amendment virtually brands Wash-
ington a hypocrite. And what occasion does he se-
lect to do all this ? I could have sat by unmoved on
an ordmaiy occasion and seen this apple of discord
thrown in among vis, but on an occasion like this,
when we ought to be rejoicing together, and con-
gratulating each other like a band of brothers, I
have not been able to sit by and see this demon of
mischief obtrude himself to mar our joy without
such feelings as I have not language to give utter-
ance to.
Mr. B. had not intended to say a word on the
subject of the abolition in France, for he agreed
with the gentleman from Tennessee that it was a
question for France, and for France alone, to de-
cide. He freely admitted that it was a subject
with which we have nothing to do. He believed
that any intermeddling on his part with that ques-
tion would bo quite as improper as this eternal in-
termeddling by the gentleman from Ohio and his
associates with it here. But, though he had no
desire to intermeddle with the abolition of slavery
in the French colonies, he did not rejoice at the
hasty and precipitate decree which the Provisional
Government had issued.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL begged leave to state,
that if he were not mistaken, the suggestion came
from M. Arago, but it was subsequently with-
drawn, its pernicious influence on France having
been soon discovered. The decree had been with-
drawn. . ,
Mr. BAYLY was very glad to hear the expla-
nation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but he
confessed he had not understood it as that gentle-
man did; he, however, deferred to that gentleman s
more accurate information. But he would say
to the gentleman from Ohio that there v&s no in-
stance In record of the abolition of slavery prectp-
tately, and without preparation for freedom, that
had not been followed by scenes of wo. With all
