578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
her fanaticism, even Great Britain Sid not emanci-
pate her slaves without providing an apprentice-
ship of a number of years to prepare them for it.
NoState of this Union that had emancipated her
slaves had done it otherwise than gradually.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired how gradual the pro®
cess was in Massachusetts?
Mr. BAYLY replied that slavery never existed
in Massachusetts, except to a very inconsiderable
extent. He knew her court, in a manner which
no other court in the country attempted to imitate,
decided that the Declaration oflndependence eman-
cipated the slaves.
[The gentleman was informed by some one near
him that he was in error; and that it was the bill
of rights by which they were declared to be eman-
cipated.]
I mean the bill of rights; but there were simi-
lar bills of rights in most of the other States at that
time, and yet no other State undertook to say that
its bill of rights abolished slavery.
Mr. GIDDINGS would like to know how grad-
ual was the step towards the abolition of slavery
by the provisions of the ordinance of 1787?
Mr. BAYLY said he could answer the gentle-
man very easily. A gentleman from North Caro-
lina near him who had suggested there were no
slaves there, was mistaken; there were. But the
ordinance of 1787 never was regarded as emanci-
pating any of them. There were at that time
no inhabitants there except a few Canadian and
French settlers., who held slaves under the operation
of that ordinance; and, what was more, he could
tell the gentleman that the descendants of those
slaves were held as slaves to this hour. Let the
gentleman look into the history of his own State,
and he would find that the ordinance of 1787, as
far as slavery was concerned, was treated practi-
cally as a nullity. It never had had any legal force
in the Northwestern Territory.
Mr. GIDDINGS said thegentleman was wholly
mistaken.
Mr. BAYLY said he was not mistaken : he
spoke from the book. That House verv wel1
knew that he was not in the habit of sneaking; of
what he knew nothing about, or of making asser-
tions without knowing that they were well founded.
But he would give the professed philanthropist
from Ohio the only instance—a horrible instance it
was—where this process of universal emancipation
was done at a biow; it was the well-known case of
St. Domingo. Then the thing had been effected
by the busy intermeddling of visionary fanatics,
just as it was now sought to be done here by the
gentleman from Ohio and his associates. There
was then a band of fanatics in London who met in
the Old Jewry, and who passed resolutions very
similar to the amendment which it was now sought
to foist on the pending resolution.
It was then proposed to aid these negroes with
men and money m a struggle for their freedom;
they furnished Oge with a ship, the arms, and
money, to accomplish this purpose; and similar
resolutions wcie at the same time adopted in
France, by an association exactly of the charac-
ter of that to which the gentleman and his aboli-
tion friends belonged among us. Th^s-e fanati-
cal visionaries set the revolt of the blacks in St.
DominG:oain motion; their machinations succeeded
in exciting a servile insurrection, m the course of
which every white man and woman and child in
the island was massacred, with the exception of a
small remnant, who fled to the shipping m the har-
bor, and barely escaped with their ii\es, Whole
hecatombs of dead bodies were piled up in the
streets, amid burning, murder, and pillage. Nay,
eo great was the fury of the blacks that"their rage
and revenge could not glut themselves with the
butchery of every while person, (and they found
no difficulty in drawing- that line of distinction
which the gentleman thought so great a mystery—
it was no problem to the negroes,) but they after-
wards turned upon the muiattoes and exterminated
them. They seemed to hate every human creature
that had whiie b:ood m his veins with a bitterness
thatlmd no paiallcl unless in the breastof the mem-
ber from Ohio; and this feeling was encouraged in
them by just such addresses and resolutions as
that gentleman is constantly introducing here.
The gentleman talked about the cause of human-
ity ! Wferc the interests of humanity br-yefited by
such scenes as he had described, and which were
the legitimate consequence of this sort of agita-
tion? Let ths gentleman look at Hayti; once one
of the most flourishing islands of the Caribbean
sea. The negroes there were once a happy, con-
tented race, cultivating their fertile soil, and enjoy-
ing every comfort suited to their condition. And
wiilat were they now? A wretched gang of indo-
lent vagabonds, tearing each other to pieces in
domestic feuds, and fast relapsing into their pris-
tine state of barbarism. Let him look throughout
the West India Islands, and wherever the control
of the white man was withdrawn, instead of bands
of happy and contented laborers, singing at their
easy tasks, you beheld a wretched mass of squalid,
lazy free-negroes, without one idea in their heads
of what real freedom was. In the British Islands
emancipation took place under more favorable
auspices than it ever can again. The negroes un-
derwent a long probation; the masters were com-
pensated for them, and the British army was there
to keep them in subjection. But although effect-
ed under these favorable circumstances, the Eng-
lish Government now admitted it had been a fail-
ure, and that both the white man and the black
had been injured by it. Liberate three hundred
thousand negroes by a stroke of the pen ! "Who
did not know that it could not be done but through
scenes of carnage and of horror from which hu-
manity recoiled ?
Corn as Mr. B. had been in a country blessed
with civil and religious liberty, he wished to see
these rich blessings extended to every country on
the face of the globe; but having witnessed nothing
but unutterable wo to result from such measures
as that in which the gentleman from Ohio so ex-
ulted in, instead of sharing the gentleman's joy,
he regretted that such an attempt should have been
made; he was pained at it. It wad that measure,
together with one or two other features, which
marked the movements of the new government in
Paris, which alone marred the satisfaction, other-
wise without alloy, with which he had learned the
struggle of the French people for a republican
government.
In concluding, Mr. B. observed that the House
would bear him witness that he hod not been in
the habit of addressing it in a spirit or With the
feelings which he had manifested to-dav. He!
sought altercation with no man; he never had vol- : Ohio, [Mr. Ginou-rcs.]
unteered to wound the feelings ofany oi his fellow- ' " — • —
members. But the provocation this day had been
so great, the conduct of the moveis in this matter
had been so outrageous and unpatriotic, that he
had not attempted to restrain his feeling.
Mr. DUER moved that the House adjourn; but
very strong and decided dissent being manifested
in all quarters, he withdrew the motion.
Mr. D. then proceeded to observe, that he had
had no desire to say a word on the subject of the
amendment which had been moved to this resolu-
tion, and the introduction of which he greatly re-
gretted. No man could entertain a more decided
antipathy than he did to the existence of slavery;
he was utterly opposed to it in every form, and in
every place, but this feeling was m lvs breast,
wholly unattended by any ]>ersonal feeling of ill
will toward slaveholders. "Whenever his voice or
his vote could avail against the continuance or ex-
tension of so g,y;it an evil, he was ever ready to
employ both against it; and he did most sincerely
rejoice to learn that it had been abolished in the
colonies of France. And whenever the subject
should come up in a direct and pertinent shape for
discussion, Mr. D. was prepared to enter into it in
a temperate manner and discuss it fully. But nc
could not bin regret its introduction on the present
occasion as unnecessary and uncalled for. Hs
regretted its being biought info that Dell when it
could have no bearing on the legislation of the
House, and when its only effect munt be to inter-
rupt the harmony of debate. The d-scussion could
do no good; it could have no effect whatever on
the_ evil of slavery, and it could only distract and
divide the House on an occasion when it was pre-
eminently desirable that it should he as unani-
mous as practicable. It seemed to Mr. D. that, in
a case like this, the House could speak, and ou^ht
to speak, with a united voice; but this it could not
possibly do, if thus, by a side-blow, there was an
attempt made to condemn slavery within the States.
If this was persisted in, the House must give up
the hope of giving to France any expression of its
congratulation or sympathy on her struggle fox-
freedom. He wished to speak with candor and
with dignity; and he should detain the House only
to gay a few words. He should speak only for 1
( himself. He sought not to condemn any gpntle-
' man. As to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
; dings,] he had contemplated his feelings of hu-
1 manity with sincere respect, while the gentleman's
' moral courage commanded ins admiration; but the
gentleman's prudence and practical good sense, he
« was sorry to say, he could not always so highly
; admire. He meant to utter no reflection on that
, gentleman; he knew that he had been the object
i of unfriendly animadversion; he spoke of the gen-
■ tleman as he thought in his heart; he admired the
gentleman's courage and perseverance, but he
, could not consider him as practically wise.
; But the question to be decided was, whether that
House was to speak its sympathy and congratula-
tions to France or not? If it meant to do this, it
was obvious that it must not connect those ex-
pressions of congratulation with any reflection on
. the subject of slavery.
j > Mr. TUCK here wished to ask the gentleman
, from New York [Mr. Duer] whether it was the
! gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gtddixgs] who had in-
I troduced any reference to slavery in this debate?
j Mr. DUER replied that he believed he had not.
i Mr. TUCK then asked why gentlemen should
attack a man who had not introduced the subject?
And he wished to ask, further, whether the sub-
ject of slavery had not been introduced by these
resolutions themselves—resolutions of which the
gentleman from Ohio had appropriately spoken,
and which the gentleman from Massachusetts had
appropriately amended '
Mr. BAYLY rose to explain. When the resolu-
tions were introduced and read at the Clerk's table,
they had not the amendment attached to them. Mr.
B. had been under the impression that it hod been
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, and there-
fore he had regarded it and spoken of it as tho
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ASHMUN said it was he who had moved
the amendment, and he was quite willing to take
all the responsibility which attached to it. The
latter part of the amendment, which Mr. A. had
accented as a modification, had been suggested
by the o-entleman immediately before him, [Mr.
Schexck.] and not by the other gentleman from
Air. BAYLY regretted that he had not known
this at the time he addressed the House; and lie
hoped that every remark he had made would be
considered as addressed to the real mo\er of the
amendment, and not to the gentleman who he sup-
posed had moved it.
Mr. ASHMUN said that he should reply to the
gentleman at the earliesthour practicable.
Mr. DUER said the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] had asked him why he
had not attacked the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Ashmun,] who had moved the amend-
i ment, instead of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
, Giddjngs,] who had not? Mr. D.'s answer was,
' that he had made no attack upon the gentleman
from Ohio. He had expressed with-freedom and
s'nceiify his own opinion of that gentleman and
his coursc; end he had even -jone out of his way
to commend the Gentleman's humanity and moral
courage, because he knew that the gentleman had
long been the, object of attack in this House, and
had been unsparingly assaulted in all quarters. He
spoke of the gentleman with admiration, and that
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck]
converted into an attack!
Mr. TUCK and Mr. GIDDINGS here rose to-
gether, and fur a short ume were both addressing
the Chair at once.
After a g-ood der.l of noise, and cries of order—
Mr. TUCK retailed the floor. He said he had
heard hisfnend from Ohio [A'Ir. Grimrycs] charac-
terized, before the gentleman fromNewYork spoke
at all. a<s ther.uthor of a fanatical movement. Pie
had asked the gentleman from New York [Air.
Drsa] whfther the resolutions pending did not
themselves include and introduce the topic of slave-
ry ' To that question he had received no answer.
Mr. DUER said he understood the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. GiDnxesj as having been attack-
ed by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
and, in reply, had observed that, he did notcenaurc
the gentleman for his cnujse, but admired his
cotuajre. He had not ?<?id that that gentleman had
or had not introduced the subject of slavery into
this debate; he had censured no one; hu sought to
censure nobody. But he wished Congress to ex-
press its sympathy with the people of France; and
