1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lie wished to see this done with unanimity. This
he had said, and no more than this. And, in order
to secure unanimity, he wanted the expression of
our sympathy and encouragement wholly sepa-
rated from the other topic.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he rose to exonerate the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Duer] from all
intention of saying anything to injure him. He
had no idea that that gentleman had heen actuated
by any other than the roost friendly feelings to-
wards him. Nor had Mr. G. entertained any de-
sire to attack the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Haskell.] He was entirely willing that that, gen-
tleman should be wholly destitute of all human
sympathy, if so he liked to be, and that he should
reflect as severely as he pleased on Mr. G. as be-
ing the advocate of human liberty. And he was
equally willing that the gentleman from Virginia
£Mr. Bayly] should exonerate, if he could, the
Old Dominion from the charge of entertaining any
feelings of humanity. Mr. G. was entirely wil-
ling that the gentleman should give the fullest ex-
pression of his haired to all who felt any regard
for the rights of man. Mr. G. was as willing,"too,
that the gentleman should pronounce the Declara-
tion of Independence a libel on his State, and
should cast so great an opprobrium on the men
who drew it up, as to place them 011 the same level
with iVIr. G. If a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States was to become
an object of attack as soon as he uttered any feel-
ing of sympathy for man, and any desire for his
freedom, Mr. G. was willing that the gentleman
from Virginia should assail Kim with all the bitter-
ness he could display. He had no idea of replying
to that gentleman; and, if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dueu] had not noticed him, Mr. G.
never should.
Mr. DUER having at length regained the floor,
observed that he would now conclude the. few re-
marks he had originally intended. Prance was
our friend. In the infancy of our republic, when
we had been engaged in that great political experi-
ment which had resulted in giving to twenty mil-
lions of people freedom without disorder, at a time
when we were assailed by the advocates of ancient
tyranny with every species and form "of calumny
and reproach, France had always sympathized with
us, and her sympathy had cheered and sustained
usin the daikesthour. There might at times have
been some differences between the Governments of
the two countries, but the nations had ever been
friends. It was become the fashion, of late years,
to call us Anglo-Saxons, (which was lint another
name for English,) but we were not of the Anglo-
Saxon race; we were a portion of the great Caucas-
ian branch of the human family, and 111 that race
France might claim her slime. There weie scat-
tered over the Union, and especially in South Car-
olina, a great amount of the best Huguenot blood.
Besides, France had given us a State-, and the songs
of liberty were at this day sung by the descendants
of the French in the Opelonsas and Attakapas.
Mr. D. said he Was a Democrat; [loud laughter:
cries of "good!" "an excellent Democrat;"] he
was a Democrat in the best and truest sense of the
wold. ["Yes, wo know it."] He believed in
democracy; but as a means, not as an end: and if
France in her struggle had attained a point whence
she could .rationally expect to advance to a good
and free and stable government, let us not turn from
her with averted face. No; amid the fears of the
timid and the vituperations of the base, h't us send
over to her shores the voice of our sympathy and
encouragement. While the ancient dynasties of
European tyranny were frowning on her attempts
at recovered freedom, let no looks of coldness gieet
her lrom those she had aided in their utmostneed.
It was said that her enterprise had been attended
with disorders and excesses: that might be true;
but if that was a valid reason why we weie to send
her no sympathy, no good wishes, nothing to
cheer her in her arduous undertaking, we never
could sympathize with any people striking for free-
dom, for such things ever and necessarily attended
the first efforts to break the yoke of tyranny.
But it was said we must wait; we must not be
too hasty; wait a little, and see how things would
turn. And were we, then, to send to France a
message that we were waiting? When we were
struggling for our freedom France had not waited,
but had flown to our rescue.
Mr. D. did not want to send to France a long
string" of dull and prosy resolutions, such as might
570
be copied from some ward meeting in one of our
towns; he wanted to send a simple dignified ex-
pression of our wish as a nation to her success.
He believed that such was the wish of the Ameri-
can people; and whether France failed or not, that
declaration would still be true. Mr. D. was no
prophet. ~ It was not for liim to say whether her
effort-would or would not prove successful; God
knew he sympathized with her people and heartily
wished them success, and he was ready to utter
thit wish now. He was not for turningaway from
our old ally. He was not forgiving her cold looks
of doubt and distrust when she was striving for
the blessings of a republican government. How
should we have felt in the days of the Revolution
had an elder republic then witnessed our sttuo-gle,
and sent us word that she was xoailing to see what
we should make of it? No; let us speak our sym-
pathy; let us send her encouragement, and send it
now.
Mr. D. said he had prepared a resolution for a
select committee of thirty members, but he did not
insist on that; he had no objection to the reference
of the resolutions to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, or to a select committee of one from each
Suite. He thought the reported resolution ought
to be the action of an organized body, and nofof
an individual. He hoped it would be of a digni-
fied and simple character, worthy of the greatness
of the occasion, containing an expression of the
national sympathy, and of that only.
One half of the States of the Union were slave-
holding States; and, when we proposed a resolu-
tion for adoption here condemning shivery, even
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ginui.vos] himself
must admit that its adoption would bo improper.
It would have no operation to mitigate, or to abol-
ish slave! y. All its effect would be to fix a stigma
on the States where it existed, which they would
nccessnnly and naturally resist. Why make any
smh attempt? The amendment, if successful, must
defeat the objcct of the resolutions. The object of >
the resolutions was a perfectly simple one, and it
should stand alone. 1
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Chair whatwould '
be the effect of a motion to adjourn ? 1
The CHAIR, explained the state of the business !
before the House. j
Mr. ASHMUN said, he wan ted to speak atsome
time when it would he in order. !
Mr. EVANS inquired whether there was not a 1
special order appointed for to-morrow? !
[Here some confusion prevailed, a number of
members addressing the. Chair at one time, sug- .
gesting different special orders appointed for dif-
ferent days of the piesent week.] \
The CI 1 MR having restored order—. :
i\ir. ASHMUN moved that the resolutions and
amendment be made the special order for Thuisday '
next. .
The SPEAKER, said, that Mr. A«n iy.v's mo
tion would rcquiie a suspension of the rules.
The House divided, and, theie not being two
thirds in the affirmative, the rules were not sus
pended.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House adjourn. 1
[Cries of "Oh, no!"] |
Mr. COliB inquired whether, ifthe House should j
adjourn, the consideration of this lesolution would i
lie in order to-morrow morning? :
The CHAIR stated, that there were two mes- \
saees on the Speaker's table, and sundry bills, j
which would take precedence of it.
The yeas and nays oil the motion to adjourn
were thereupon demanded, and ordered.
Mr. POLLOCK made several attempts to make
a suggestion, but ins voice was drowned by cries
of order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL wanted to put an in-
quiry to the Chair.
[Cries for order.]
Mr. 1. said he regarded these calls of "Order,
order!'' w th disregard, and perhaps a little more.
i he CIIAIll called Mr. I. to order, and directed
him to confine himself to his inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked, if the whole resolu-
tions and amendments should be referred, and a
committee should report on them to-morrow, would
they not he open to debate?
The CHAIR. Certainly.
The yeas and nays were now taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn, and resulted—yeas 80, nays 80.
The SPLAKER voting in the affirmative—
Tha House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jljrril 3, 1848.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States;
_ „ Washington, JlvrilZ. 1848.
To the Senate anH House of
Representative*, of f-he United States.'
I communicate to Congress, toi their information, a copy
^ dc^pfitch, with the necompanjmg documents, received
fit the Department or State from the Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary ot the United Slates at Paris,
giving official mfnimation of the overthrow of the French
monarchy, and the establishmentm its stead ofapiovisiotial
government, based on republican punciples.
1 ftio grfnt event occurred suddenly, and was accomplish-
ed almost without Wood-died. Tho world ha^ seldom wit-
nessed a more lnteiestmg and fiihhme spectacle than the
peaceful ruing ot the Fieneh people, icsolved to pecuie tor
thernsu'lvcs entailed libei ty, ami to a<stit in the majesty of
thnr mens-th the great tiuth that, in this enlightened age,
man is capable of <iovetuing hhnsetf.
The pinmpt recognition of the new Government by the
lepresemutive of the United ^tue<? at the Fiench Court -
meets my lull and unqualified nppiobatmn; and he lias been
nuthoiizcd, m a suitable mannei, to make known thi# fact to
the constituted authorities of the French Republic.
;i Called upon to act on a sudden emergency, which eon Id
ij not have been anticipated by Ins ne-ttuctioiis, ho judged
j 1 lightly of the fet hng-j and r-en tuner its ol h's Government and
ol hi* countrymen, when, in advance of the diplomatic rep-
1; re^entativcs of other count lies, lie was the first to reco^nizc,
; | so far as it was in his power, thefiee Government estabhsh-
11 ed by the French people.
i, _ The policy ol the United Staler has ever been that ofnon-
, i intoi vention in the domestic utlait s ol other countries, leav-
1; ii-:<f to each toestahh-h the form of government of its own
fl choice. While this wf-e policy wili be maintained towards
( Fiance, now suddenly transtbuned from a tnonauhv into a
1 republic, all otir sympathies are naturally enlisted on the
I, side ot a trreat people, \\ ho, imitating our example, have le-
■1 solved to b.' fieo. That Mich <vnip.ithy should exist on the
pait of (lie people ot ihe United ^tate&'-u ith the fiiends of
,1 fiee government in eveiv nait ol tin1 woikl. and especially
' in Fiance,!-, not remarkable. We < an never foi et-tha't
Fi.in. e ua^ an ea'lv inend in oui event'u! revolution, and
_ gonerou-ly aid. d us in shaking off a loreign joke and be-
1' contour a ftee and independent people.
We have enjojed the hie-; ing^of our system of well-regtt-
laf--;l M'/f-i>nvei ninent for near three-fourths of* a century,
i and can pioprtly appieciate iH value. Oui aident and siit-
■ ceio cungiambitions are extended to the patriotic p-ople pf
I Fiance, upon their noble and thus far Miece sful <fl'oii>- to
I found for their futuie government liberal institutions similar
j to our own.
! If is not doubted that, under the benign influence of free
j institutions, the enlightened statesmen of lepuhlican Fiance
1 will find ir to be for her interest and paiamount glory to cul-
1 tivate with the United States the mh.<t liberal principles of
j international intercourse and commercial reciprocity, where-
I by the prospeuty and happiness of both nations will be pio-
! moted. JAMES K. POLK.
' [No. 17.j Lfcation of tiik Unitfd Si aifs,
; PatU. Minth 4, IB IP.
! Stu: Scarcely had my despatch of the 2-ith Fein 11:113 been
' folded up, when events the most momeiilou- quickly "uc-
, eeriU'd each otbei. JSumeiou^ b.u 1 icade.- had ii-eiiupin
; ti'e stieeN; civil war continued; the people weie vutori-
: on-'; the pahu'i ol the Tiuit jie-wa- csuied ; the Km- ab-
: (iuMted, and tied with all the t o\ al familv, ami the monarc by
t wib o\e,ti)jown. All tili- nappeiud in the com so oi the
day-—'Thuxdav.
VP" ( onfiMon and ttimnM caused in the Chamber of Dep-
- « • - bythr-ecv lit-, led to [I r Jm-.fr and wl >i<l cio i> of
! ir> siting on that day. All attempts to e-tahli-h a rcgenej,
wi'ii the Count do Paris asiU'C<_s&oi to the thione^ failed.
' 1 lis me.titer, die Du^he^s of Oilcans, u ith the j ou:i<i piinee
1 htnuelf, went to the Chamber, but «oon had to make their
escape. All order, all deliberation had come to an end. The
mmi-ietial members weie driven out by the people, who had
j entered the Chamber, many ol them aimed, and, wllh mcn-
; acing ge-ticulation-, usurping the scats. In the sequel, a
I poitioiyii them, with some oi tho opposition memb.'rs, bur-
ned to the Hotel de to toiin a piovi-ional gosunment,
under \010rs to that et.eet, utteied and * choed at the close
of the boisterous fitting.
At th^ Hotel de Vihe as a lallvi'i'Z-pniiu, a pro\ iMnmil gnv-
erimienf wiu' foi mi d on the evenu><: of j'bijt -<t:i>. the '->!h,
ami pro"l,iiuied on the following morning. Toe proclama-
tion declared that the piowMonal g-Mvimucnt de-ired a le-
j)uhh< , Mibjcet to the utlitu ainm o( the Pn':,( h people.
The p-r <>iw eouipo-uig tlie movi-ional goveniiuent tire—
, Messieurs Ibipont, (de i'Fnre.) Lamartine.Ciemieux,TiCdru
llollin, (J.itiin r l\t£t!.-. Mtiiie, and Ara;o.
i The c'vic'ei 1 ic' of the ^oveinmvnt are— Me^rs Armand
' M.uia-t, Fi'idimmd Flocou, ^ouis lJlauc, and Albert.
The br-t ♦oui names of the ptovi-umal ooverttment were
1 of the Clumber of JvputJO. .1 body no Jongei exi-tingany
moiethan the Chamber of'Peers; the whole fabuc 01 the
late government ha"\ 1115 been ^hailered to picce?.
Some counts state that all the names compo im? the
provi-ionai government, were given out from the tiilmne of
the Chamhei ol Deputies before its dissolution; but there is
diiiieulty in coming at the puvire i'act, sueh was the con-
, stei nation in the Chamber when it broke up
The provisional government immediately announced, as
.foimed by its otvn decree, a piovisional cabinet, that the
, functioris'of administjauon might not stop.
[tbatun at this juncture from pie^enting more of tne
ess of the ptovif-jonal cabinet than fJro^f <>( M-■ Oupont,
! Of'a revolution so total and -udden,! am not now to
Lsp*ak. The journals of the world are still teeming with it.
I Nor ean I y«t speak of tho act* of the new government,
