1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
he would be the last to join in congratulations for
Buch a result. At present it was impossible to
foretell what is to follow.
Again: he was a little afraid of a three-days'
revolution. It was out of the order of things
that such great events as revolutions could be so
speedily terminated. No matter what was the
action of Congress in reference to the South Amer-
ican States, he desired to have more light before
he could consent to act. If France should prove
willing to erect a republic, on a firm and enduring
basis, the Senator from Ohio would not rejoice
pore in her success than he would. But the crisis
is one which calls on us to pause, deliberate, and
act discreetly. It would be much more agreeable
to France herself to hear our sustaining voice after
the first paroxysm of the revolution shall have
subsided, and she shall have established her new
system on a basis which will stand the test of time.
He could not consent to have these resolutions
passed through in such hot haste, without proper
-inquiry and deliberation;and he hoped the Senator
from Ohio would consent to let the resolutions go
with the message t® the Committee on Foreign
Relations, which would be the most respectful
course.
Here a discussion took place between Mr.
DICKINSON, Mr. CASS, Mr. CRITTENDEN,
Mr. BUTLER, Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
Mr. BENTON, Mr. DOWNS, Mr. DAYTON,
Mr. ALLEN, and Mr. ASHLEY, on the subject
of the bills which were entitled to precedence in the
order of business—Mr. CRITTENDEN insisting
that the act concerning the Supreme Court was the
order of the day, wjiilc Mr. CASS and Mr. BEN-
TON asserted that the bill for ascertaining and pay-
ing certain claims in California, as the unfinished
business, had the preference.
Mr. N1LES said this debate was somewhat
irregular; and he hoped the vote on tiie consideia-
tion of these resolutions would not. be influenced
by questions connected with any other measure.
When those resolutions were taken up, he thought
it was for the purpose of making them the special
order for some particular day. He now understood
that it was the wish of the Senator from Ohio to
urge an immediate vote upon them, jf such was
the purpose, he must say that he was not now pre-
pared to vote on them. He did not think the sub-
ject had received the consideration its importance
required. The form in which the resolutions were
presented did not appear to him to be the best that
might be devised. He did not exactly comprehend
what was meant by consolidating liberty. He knew
very well what consolidating power meant. There
were other defects—and resolutions of this char-
acter could not be drawn up with too much care.
He concurred in one point with u Senator who had
said, that to have any value in the estimation of
the French people, this ought to be a unanimous
expression of opinion, in that view he concurred.
But he did not think that we should be too hasty.
It waa all right for the people to act at once, but it
became Congress to act more seriously, and with
greater deliberation.
Mr. BAGBY expressed his willingness to vote
in the affirmative, if the Senator from Ohio only
desired to refer the resolutions.
Mr. ALLEN stated the position in which the
question stood, and said that it was his object to
go on with the discussion, and to urge the Senate
to a vote.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Allen, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison.Athcrton, Brad-
bury, BreesejCas'i, Davis ot Mississippi, Dickinson, I Joujitas,
Downs, FpJeh, Foote, Halt', Harmegan, Houston, Johnson
of Georgia, Lewis, Moor, Rus.k, and W osteon—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bagby, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Butter, Calhoun,Clarke, Clayton, CnUendcn, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Greene, John«on of Maryland, Manemn, Miller,
NHes, Pcarce, Phelps, Spruauce, Turney, Undciwood, and
Upham—22.
Mr. HANNEG-AN moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to take up the
special order, unless there was some pressing
business to be transacted.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied that there was some
pressing business come in, or he would not have
made the motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, if he could be satis-
fied the business was really pressing, he would not
cause delay. But the Senate might take up the
special order and then pass it over informally, and
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CASS expressed a hope that the California
claims bill would have the preference.
Mr. BENTON also urged the priority of the
California bill, which was in fact an appropriation
bill, and, on that account, was entitled to the ear-
liest action. When he came here this morning, it
was with the expectation that this bill would be
taken up. Now, if we were to take up the Judi-
ciary bill, what would be the question? The ques-
tion would be, Shall the Supreme Court of the
United States be forever cut loose from the States?
That question had frequently been decided by both
Houses of Congress. It had been decided not to
permit the Supreme Court to be stationary here as
a great central power, separated from the States. !
It was decided here that the Judges of the Supreme !
Court should not be brought to live in this city du- !
ring their lives. That'question had been decided, ,
and now it was to be attempted to bring it up again, j
not in a direct and open manner, but by a sapping :
and mining process. Grant the one year asked ■
for by the bill, and it would be followed by a re-
quest for two years longer, and the Supreme Court \
may be considered as cut loose from the Scales :
forever. From that moment the States would de- :
generate into mere provinces. The central power j
would be always here, the judges'would always ;
reside here in view of the Capitol. He therefore
hoped the bill would be voted down. As to the j
state of the docket, he thought the appeals would j
increase when the circuit courts would be held by
a single judge. !
Revolutions', we have recent experience, may be ;
made in haste. But it should not be so with le^is- ;
lation. He was againet all legislation whu-h was
urged forwaid by the cry of" now or never.*' It
was attempted to induce the Senate to take up this
bill because the Supreme Court had adjourned till
May. tie hoped there would be no haste, but,
that the bill, at a proper time, would be considered ,
with deliberation. j
Mr. CRITTENDEN made a brief reply. In- ]
stead of being for the purpose of establishing a |
central power here, which should be independent j
of the States, the only object of the bill was to i
make disposition of the business which had accu- !
mutated. Without su6h a measure, it would occu- i
py four years to get through this mass of business, j
The only mode was to relieve the judges from cir- j
cuitduty forone year. And this tlie Senator from ,
Missouri magnified into an effort to change the ;
Supreme Court into a great central power to be
fixed permanently hcie. Unless this bill should
pass, the very accumulation of business would
produce the evil which the Senator from Missouri
deprecated. Unless the bill should be disposed of
soon, it would be of no effect. The jiul«re« will
have been scattered over the country tn the dis-
charge of their duties. When tliev left heie they
adjourned, conditionally, until May. Unless,
therefore, time was allowed for a notification to j
them of the passage of the bill before that peiiod, i
it would be, m effect, the defeat of the bill.
The motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN was then ,
agreed to, and the bill was taken up and read.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, and by gen- i
eral consent, the bill was then informally passed i
over, and the Senate proceeded to the consideration ,
of Executive business. After some time, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. \
Tuksday, t'lpril 4, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. SIMS rose and said: Mr. Speaker, it is
with no ordinary emotions that 1 now rise to an-
nounce to the House that Death, whose presence
: has so oft and so recently called us to mourn during ;
the progress of this session of Congress, has again
demanded a victim of our number. James Augus-
tus Black, a Representative from the State of
South Carolina, is no more. He expired in this
city on yesterday night, at twenty-five minutes
after eleven o'clock, amidst the delegation of bis
State, with his family around him, without a mur- ,
mur, and without a groan.
In a most extraordinary degree, through a pro- 1
tracted illness of seventeen days, he preserved his !
composure of mind, his consciousness, and con- j
stancy of purpose* At no moment did he com- 1
plain. Though conscious, day by day and hour
by houi% that death pursued him, and, at the final
struggle, that dissolution was inevitable, he quailed
not and murmured not; and at the hour that I have
indicated he breathed out his soul as composedly
as the infant sinks into the softest slumber. Such
were the last scenes in the life of my friend and
colleague.
Mr. Speaker, under any circumstances death is
a solemn occurrence; but there are concomitants
that render its approach less afflictive, because more
expected and appropriate than in other circum-
stances. When the soldier dies on the battle-field,
he falls beneath the law of the occasion and pro-
priety; and when old age sinks to rest, human des-
tiny has been appropriately fulfilled, and man finds
his end at the proper period. It is natural and
appropriate, and fills us with a pleasing melan-
choly rather than with poignant grief, because,
like the falling of the autumnal leaf, the creature
perishes beneath the decree of his Creator in the
proper season. But when, in the midst of life,
unexpectedly, in the midst of years and acts of
usefulness, one is cut down; when there is no pre-
monitory event or circumstance to announce the
destroyer's approach; when heroines upon us thus
unexpectedly, the visitation is always felt with
more peculiar force and regret.
Such was the fall of my friend. But a few days
nffo he was among us, in life and health, in the
constant and assiduous performance of his duties
here as a Representative. One day, thus engaged
with his accustomed usefulness and ability; the
next, his friends find him stricken down by the
violence of disease, which, from the first, an-
nounced with a certainty which till the untiring
efforts of his skillful professional attendants could
not avert, that the victim was marked, and that
not a ray of hope could cheer a friend or inquirer
who jaought to know tin* progress and ultimate re-
sult of his disease. His friends, his immediate
family at a distance, though stricken <lown so un-
expectedly, there were two circumstances of be-
nevolence in the providence of God: the one, to
which 1 have already referred, of preserving his
intellect unclouded to the last, and the other of
protracting his sweet resignation and patience, and
his existence, until, from the distant South, his wife
and child and affectionate brother were enabled to
minister the last consolations of affection and ten-
derness around his dying bed.
There are many incidents in the life of my friend
that at the proper time it would be pleasant and
proper to dwell upon. I come not now to gather
from the acts of usefulness with which his life,
from earliest manhood to its close, was filled, to
bind up flowers with which to deck his grave.
Now is not the time to adorn his open grave, wait-
ing for the reception of his lifeless form,and naught
but the teats of aflection and the weeping regrets
of friends are the becoming garniture of its desola-
tion.
I stop not, therefore, to announce, that in early
manhood, at theage of eighteen, impelled by that
patriotism which 'animated him to the last, he
stepped forward in 1812 to join the army of his
country. He entered the service as a lieutenant,
and at the close of the war, resigning the commis-
sion of captain, which at that time he held, he re-
tired to private life. After that he was constantly
engaged in useful employments until, some few
years since, he was called from the sphere of use-
fulness in other walks of life to take a seat upon
this floor, as a Representative from the Pmckney
district in South Carolina. How he performed his
duties here; how he has illustrated, in the most
eminent manner, the true character of a Represent-
ative; how he has shown respect to the opinions
of his constituents, and discharged his duty by
keeping them constantly informed by communica-
tions of the progress and state of public business
here; how he has ever responded to the impulses
of patriotism, which had grown into fixed princi-
ples of action in him, throughout his whole public
career here, all who now hear me will bear cheei-
ful testimony. He loved the people; not with a
demagogue's love, but with a soul-stiriing, umne
impulse, springing from that fundamen a maxim
of his creed, that all men are brotlicrs.aml a .. mm
are equal, and that the peop e are capable o self-
government. These were the fixed pnncipl. s ot
his life; and his whole public caicer \vas out a
practical imbodiment and illustration of these pnn-
ciples*
