1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
withdrawing so !ar?e a portion of my command in the man-
ner above indicated, to relieve me from a position where I
can no longer serve the country with that assurance of con-
fidence and support so indispensable to success.
The force with which I am left in this quarter, though
greatly deficient in regular troops, will doubtless enable me
to hold the positions now occupied. Major General Scott
seems to expect that I will assume offensive operations, say
by March; but, fiom what I have heretofore reported on the
subject of such operations, I am sure they will not be ex-
pected by the department with my present means. The
terms of service of nearly all the regiments here will expire
in May and June, and it will become an important question
how to replace those regiments in time even for defensive
purposes. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-"
vanl, - Z. TAYLOS,
Major General TJ. S. Jl. commanding.
To the Ad.tuta.vt General of the Army, Washington.
From this letter it would be seen that General
Taylor exhibited the deepest discontent, and he
complained to the Department of War of the man-
ner m which he was treated; and he (Mr. S.)
asked the gentleman from fndiuna, or any other
gentleman on that side of the House, if they would
undertake to defend the Administration in the
course it had put-sued ? They dared not do it; but
they sought to create impressions unfavorable to
General Taylor. What was General Taylor's po-
sition at that time? Santa Anna was in his front-
"With an army of twenty thousand men. General
Taylor then saw the importance of a position be-
yond Monterey, for he was not willing that Santa
Anna should catch him m Monterey, and there
blockade him and his small but gallant band. Gen-
•eral Taylor knew that it was of the utmost im-
portance to occupy a position m advance of Mon-
terey, and the world knew of his position at Buena
Vista, and the glorious victory he achieved there.
Mr. S. proceeded to comment on this letter at
some length, and then said he had detained the
committee longer than he intended when he rose,
but he was not willing when this ball was set in
motion to allow it to pass without an effort to stop
it; and he only wished that these letters, to which
he called the attention of the committee, should go
to the country side by side with the statements of
the gentleman from Indiana. That gentleman's
speech needed no other answer.
Mr. TURNER, of Illinois, said it was very true,
as the gentleman fiom Georgia had remarked at the
commencement of his speech, that the country was
placed in a very peculiar position at the present
time. But its peculiarity arose from very differ-
ent circumstances, as they appeared to his mind,
than those to which the gentleman from Georgia
attributed them. Our country, for the first time
in its history, found itself with a conquered nation
on its hands, and this was the only peculiarity
which he had bnen able to discover. It was no
peculiarity to have two great contending parties
arrayed against each other, and engaged in a se-
vere contest every fourth year. This had been
the case ever since the days of the first President
of this Republic. The peculiarity, he repeated,
was, that we had a conquered nation on our hands;
and, however it might be disposed of—whatever
might be said in relation to the causes and progress
and final consummation of the war which was'now
waged against Mexico—all must admit that the
circumstances in which we were placed were in-
vested with a deep importance which would be felt
for some time. He proposed very briefly to take
a review of the positions assumed by the Whig
party, and, if time permitted, of the Democratic
party also, and see which was the most likely to
stand the .scrutiny of coming generations.
He was not prepared to admit that the annexa-
tion of Texas was the cause of this war; but this
position had been assumed by the Whig party.
They had contended that annexation was not only
cause of war, but that it was war itself. This had
been the opinion of all the leading Whigs both at
this and the other end of the Capitol. Annexa-
tion, however, was the act of Congress, and if an-
nexation was not only the causc but actually war,
war was made by Congress, the war-making power,
and not by the President. Such was the dilemma
in which the gentlemen opposite had placed them-
selves.
But he would follow this subject a little further.
In 1846 the President sent a message to Congress,
in which he stated that war existed at that time;
and then they found the Whig party changing its
position and deciding almost unanimously that the
war existed by the act of Mexico. How would
the historian be able to reconcile these palpable
contradictions ? If war existed by the act of an«-
nexation in 1843-'44, how could it be that the war
existed in 1846 by the act of Mexico ? By no logic
of which he was master: could he reconcile these
conflicting opinions.
But the war progressed still further, and again
they found the Whig party changing its position.
They came together during the present session,
and, under the solemnity of an oath, the same
Whig party declared that the war was unneces-
sarily and unconstitutionally begun by the Presi-
dent of the United States. Here, then, were three
distinct positions, two of which must necessarily
be fjjlse, and probably the third was likewise.
The American Congress had something else to do
than to make political capital for the approaching
Presidential contest; for that was the point at which
most of the speeches delivered here were aimed;
the manufacture of public opinion was the object
contemplated. But how, he asked, did the Whig
party propose to succeed before an intelligent peo-
ple with three propositions that were so diametri-
cally opposed to and inconsistent with each other?
He should like to know which of those positions
they were willing now to take? The Democratic
party was willing and ready to meet them, on either
or all of them. Would the Whig party at the same
time explain how it was that they had voted sup-
plies for an unholy war, which at one time the^
affirmed was the consequence of the annexation of
Texas, at another thkt it was the act of Mexico,
and again that it was the unwarranted act of the
President? It would he well remembered that the
leaders of the Whig party and the Whig presses
throughout the country had proclaimed the war to
be unholy, while the Whig party here was voting
supplies of men and money. They had furnished
the means to carry on a war which they had pre-
dicted would bring on this nation the wrathful
visitation of God. But while they were thus in-
volving themselves in contradictions, our army was
invariably successful, ever victorious, without a
single repulse, even when met by overwhelming
numbers of Mexico's best disciplined troops.
After commenting at some length on the ground
taken by gentlemen opposite on this subject, he
proceeded to notice the objects contemplated by
this war. They were, to secure our rights and to
defend our honor. Mexico was indebted to our
citizens for spoliations on their property, but
Mexico had no pecuniary means wherewith to
liquidate her obligations; and thus the acquisition
of territory on our part became necessary as an
indemnity for the past. To this objections were
raised by the Whig party, and to the acquisition of
territory there had ever been an opposing party in
this Union. There was opposition to the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana by the same party, and dire con-
sequences were predicted as inevitably to follow
the consummation of that act. The acquisition of
Florida and Texas met with the same opposition,
and the same spirit prevailed now, and manifested
itself in opposition to the war. Extension and
expansion were preeminently democratic, but the
anti-war Whigs preferred the government of cor-
porations. The great West had found an outlet
for our people, and thus had frustrated their de-
signs. But circumscribe our limits, give corpora-
tions the controlling influence, and white slavery
would be substituted for black. Of this we have
evidence in England and in Massachusetts, for
wherever corporations rule, the great mass of the
people are enslaved.
If this republic had been confined to the original
thirteen States, from one end to the other we should
have been under the control of corporations, and
no power on earth could have saved us from their
shackles. He believed—he would not say it was
our destiny—he believed there was a higher power
impelling us onward. This had been manifest since
the day the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth rock.
Look at the Spanish settlers on this continent.
With better soil and a more genial climate, they
had made no progress, while our Anglo-Saxon
race had spread itself from the rocky coast of New
England to the Pacific Ocean, making of the whole
one great republic. And would any one say that
this had not been a blessing to the human family?
He next turned to the correspondence of our
functionaries, which had to-day and on other occa-
sions elicited so much discussion in this House,
alluding particularly to the questions involved in
the President's refusal tofu rnish the correspondence
of Mr. Slidel!. The President, he contended, had
refused, because to furnish it was incompatible with
the public interests; and in this the President was
sustained by the example of Washington. . But
his refusal had been seized upon by his political
opponents, and perverted to sustain an accusation
of a rapacious design on the whole of Mexico. To
defend the President from such a charge, he read
largely from various published documents, com-
menting: upon them as he passed.
Mr. VAN DYKE next obtained the floor^ but
gave way to
Mr. SIMS, who moved that the committee rise.
' Mr. VINTON suggested that gentlemen should
allow the bill to be reported to the House, and, if
they were desirous to continue thediscussion which
had been commenced, they could do it on some
other bill. He hoped this bill would be laid aside
to be reported to the House, and that the commit-
tee would agree to take up the bill making appro-
priations for revolutionary and other pensions for
the next fiscal year.
The suggestion was acquiesced in, and the bill
indicated was taken up and read by the Clerk.
Mr. VAN DYKE, being desirous to secure his
position on the floor when the House should next
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, again moved that the committee rise.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, entreated him to with-
draw that motion, that the committee might take
up the bill making appropriations for the dry dock
at New York.
The motion of Mr. Van Dyke, however, was
agreed to, and the committee rose and reported the
Military Academy "bill to the House, and progress
on the revolutionary pension bill.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
engrossment of the Military Academy bill.
Mr. DICKEY moved to strike out the item of
$2,000 for the expenses of the Board of Visiters,
and briefly sustained his motion. He thought that
the Secretary of War could obtain these visiters
without pay; and said that such had been the prac-
tice for many years. He disavowed any hostility
to the military academy.
Mr. McLANE said the gentleman was in error;
but admitted that when Congress had failed to pay
these visiters, the Secretary of War did order gen-
tlemen from the army'to perform this service; but
the reports obtained from this source were unsatis-
factory and prejudicial to the school; and the sys-
tem was soon abandoned, under the advice of the
President. The appropriation for these visiters
was only $5,000. He rose to offer an amendment
to increase the pay of cadets, but would not press
it now.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL opposed the motion.
He correctcd, from his own personal knowledge,
a mistaken impression that there was a great wil-
lingness on the part of distinguished gentlemen to
be appointed on the board of visiters at the time
the existence of such a board had been suspended
by Congress. On the contrary, he knew gentle-
men who had been invited by the Secretary of
War to receive the appointment, but had declined.
The department was then compelled, by the neces-
sity of the case, to appoint military men as exam-
iners, who, by their position in the army, were
under command, and were obliged, by orders from
the department, to attend the examinations at the
academy. Of course their travelling expenses were
allowed them, and the result to the Government,
in point of expense, did not much differ from what
it would have been had a board of visiters been
appointed as usual.
Gentlemen were greatly mistaken if they sup-
posed the appointment of such a board every year
had not greatly advanced the prosperity of that
admirable institution. On the contrary, it had
been attended with the happiest effects. Mr. L
believed there never had been one of these official
visits made to the academy which had not proved
of infinite benefit in removing prejudice and mis-
conception, and averting hostility from an institu-
tion which to this country was tiuly invaluable.
The selection of cadets had been so conducted, by
a double reference to party divisions and local res-
idence, as to command, without fail, the highest
approbation of all who investigated it.
The general control in those appointments had
been confided to a gentleman of whom it gave Mr.
I. the utmost pleasure to speak in the highest terms,
for he was well worthy of any commendation which
Mr. I. could bestow. General Bernard, the per-
