59&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
well enough for «« as individuals, but it did not I
become us as a legislative body. If we are to con- j
gratafote a peopie on consolidating liberty, we
should first be sure that liberty is consolidated, or
perhaps when we send them oiit, the return may
be non est. It was said that it was right to offer
congratulations when a child was born. True; but
he would wait until it was born. France had not
yet been delivered—she may miscarry. He refer-
red to the haste with which results were achieved,
by a mere stroke of a pen—the emancipation of a
hundred thousand slaves, without providing any
recompense for the owners—the redemption of
pledges from the pawnbrokers—the conversion of
the Tuileries into a.hospital. All these were done
by a set of intelligent men, who were only a quasi
government, and might be displaced as rapidly as
they were elevated. It becomes us to do things
decently and in order, and he thought a month's
delay could not diminish the value of the congrat-
ulations. It would give him great pleasure to vote
for the resolutions after we have had time to ascer-
tain the result.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, objected to delay.
He did not think that a month would be sufficient
to .enable us to know the precise result of the great
movement which had taken place. It might re-
quire the lapse of a year before the French can
have matured their system of government. It
occupied much time before our Constitution was
matured, and it had only grown with our growth,
and strengthened with our strength. And still our
Government is yet considered by foreign nations
as merely an experiment. We could not, there-
fore, reasonably expect that a month would enable
us to come to a more correct judgment than we
can now arrive at. He had doubts at first, but
they had been dispelled by the message from the
President.
He said he should give his vote in favor of the
resolutions reported from the Committee on For-
eign Relations. He did not object to the word
" consolidate" in the resolutions of the Senator
from Ohio, but he objected to a statement which
went beyond the fact when it indicated that the
French people had succeeded. He would not con-
gratulate them on their success, but he was willing
to say success so far. They had only decreed a
Republic, but the Republic had not yet been estab-
lished. He read a long extract, to prove that the
French people had acted with great moderation
throughout the whole movement hitherto, and that
under the whole of the decrees of the new govern-
ment there lay the elements of public liberty. A
movement in favor of public freedom anywhere
would call forth the sympathy of our citizens, but
a movement in France produced recollections and
associations of a peculiar nature, calculated to ex-
cite in us the warmest sympathies.
He expressed his deep regret that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire had
been introduced, because it was calculated to dis-
turb the unanimity with which these resolutions
ought to pass. The United States minister had
already anticipated the action of Congress, and his
course having been approved by the President, the
rejection of the resolutions would amount to a vote
of censure on the Executive.
Mr. PHELPS said he agreed with his country-
men in rejoicing at every advance of human lib-
erty;-but he was opposed to any hasty action of
Congress, for the purpose of congratulating the
French people, until we have knowledge of the
events, which must occur before it is consum-
mated.
Mr. HOUSTON said he desired to make some
remarks, and as the hour was late, he moved that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HANNEGAN requested the Senator from
Texas to withdraw his motion. It was desirable
to pass the resolutions to-night, in order that they
may be transmitted by the Cambria, which will
sail at twelve o'clock on Saturday. If the vote
was not taken this evening, there was no proba-
bility that the resolutions would be again acted on
before the assembling of the French Convention
on the 20th. He had an understanding with the
Senator from Kentucky, by which he was pledged
to assist in disposing of the judiciary bill to-mor-
row and Saturday, and next week he had prom-
ised to aid in having the California bill acted on.
So that he hoped the motion would be with-
drawn.
Mr^HOUSTON said the delay of a day could
be of no great importance. The President's mes-
sage would go out by the Cambria, and this would
satisfy France as to the disposition of our Govern-
ment to sympathize with her.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion; and they were ordered, when
Mr. HOUSTON withdrew the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed a wish to speak,
and renewed the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HANNEGAN renewed his call for the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; it resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Butler, Greene,
Hale, Phelps, Spruance, and Underwood—-9.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Clarke, Crittenden, Davis of Mississippi,
DiekiHson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote, Hannegan,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason,
Moor, Niles, Rusk,Turney, and Westcott—96.
After some remarks from Mr. Underwood ap-
proving of the movement in France, as far as it
had gone, but expressing doubt as to the propriety
of congratulation before the work was finished—
The question was taken on Mr. Hale's motion
to amend, which wssdecided in the negative: Yea I,
nays 28; Mr. Hale being absent, and Mr. Phelps
only voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CASS then addressed the Senate in favor
of the resolutions of Mr. Allen.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Mangum to strike out the resolutions of Mr.
Allen, and insert the series reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Davis of
Mississippi, Dix. Johnson of Maiyland, Johnson of Georgia,
Lewis, Mason, Niles, Phelps, and Turney—13.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Ashley, Atclnson, Atherton,
Breese, Cass, Crittenden, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Foote, Hannegan, Houston, Moor, Rusk, Spruance,
Underwood, and Westcott—19.
After a few remarks from Mr. CRITTENDEN,
Mr. BUTLER, and Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi,
the question was put on the passage of the resolu-
tions, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bell,
Bradbury, Breese, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Crittenden, Davis
of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Felch,
Foote, Hale, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason, Moor, Njles, Rusk, Spru-
ance, Turney, Underwood, and Westcott—32.
NAYS—None.
The following are the resolutions as passed:
Rcsnlred; fc.} That in the name and behalf of the Ameri-
can people the congratulations of Congress are hereby ten-
dered to the people of France upon the success of their
recent efforts to consolidate the principles of liberty in a
republican form of government.
Jind le it further resolved, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, requested to transmit this
resolution to the American minister at Pari*, with instruc-
tions to present it to the French Government.
At half-past six o'clock, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlpril 7, 1848.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the payment of navy pensions for the year
ending June 30, 1849.
Also, a bill making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1849.
Also, the bill which was referred to the commit-
tee, making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1849, with sundry
amendments; which bills were severally twice read,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CUMMINS asked the House to take up
the joint resolution just received from the Senate,
tendering the congratulations of the United States
to the French people.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
taken up.
Mr. GRINNELL asked the House to take up
the bill providing for the ventilation of passenger
vessels, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
considered, passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, on leave, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was adopt-
ed: r
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
bo instructed to inquire into the causes of the extraordinary
delay in the transaction of the business at the Pension Office,
and that they report, at the earliest day practicable, such
measure as may, m their judgment, be necessary to ensure
a more pionipt'and efficient disposition of business in that
bureau.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Thomp-
son, of Mississippi, in the chair,)—this being one
of the days on which, under the rule, the calendar
is to be called over, and those bills to which no ob-
jection is made, to be acted upon without debate.
The Senate bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of George Fisher, deceased, was first
taken up.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved an amendment, which
was read and agreed to, and the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House.
The following bills were taken up, considered,
and ordered to be reported to the House without
amendment:
Senate bill for the relief of Peter Engels, sen.
Bill for the relief of Elizabeth Converse, widow
of Josiah Converse.
Bill for the relief of Captain John Percival, cap-
tain in the United States navy.
Bill for the relief of H. Carrington, executor of
Paulina Le Grand, deceased.
Bill for the relief of Richard Reynolds.
Bill granting a pension to. John Morrison.
Bill for the relief of William Harding.
Bill for the relief of John S. Conger.
Joint resolution for the relief of K. M. Barney.
Bill for the relief of Sarah D. Caldwell, wife of
James H. Brigham.
Bill for the relief of Edna Hickman, wife of Al-
exander D. Peck.
Bill for the relief of William M. Blackford, late
charge d'affaires to the Republic of New Granada.
Bill for the relief of Francis Hutmack.
Bill for the relief of Eliza S. Roberts.
Bill for the relief of Seth Morton.
Bill for .the relief of Joseph Johnson.
Bill for the relief of Christopher H. Pix, of
Texas.
Mr. SAWYER here moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and there were ayes 7,
noes 83.
A quorum not voting—
The Chairman ordered the Clerk to call the roll,
in compliance with the 126th rule of the House, in
order " that the names of the absentees might be
reported to the House, to be entered on the Jour-
nal."
The call having been completed, the committee
rose, and the Chairman reported that the commit-
tee, having found itself without a quorum, the roll
was called, and that 154 members had answered to
their names.
After making the foregoing report, the commit-
tee resumed its session, and, after some time spent
therein,
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, the commit-
tee rose, and the Chairman reported the action of
the committee on the above-mentioned bills.
A motion was made that when the House ad-
journs, it will adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was decided in the negative, by yeas
56, nays 97.
The House then took up the foregoing bills re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, concur-
ed in the action of the committee, and the bills were
severally read a third time, passed, and sent to the
Senate.
Mr. McLANE asked the House to take up the
resolution from the Senate tendering; the congratu-
lations of the United States to the French people.
It was objected to.
Mr. GREGORY asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, which was read; but, before any action was
taken,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 7, 1848.
Mr. MANGUM rose to inquire if the resolu-
tions which passed the Senate last evening were
still in the possession of the Senate, so as to en-
able him to move their reconsideration?
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that they were
out of the possession of th« Senate.
