596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
believe it will belike all other instalment remedies,
renewed until it become habitual.
The judges have separated—they have^ gone
away—some of them are near the discharge of
their duties in the circuit. I think it will be best,
in all the circumstances,- to recommit the bill, and
as we have a long session before us, devote time
and consideration to the subject; which may result
in the application of a permanent and safe remedy,
relieving us from the necessity of recurring year
after year to a species of remedy, which, after.all,
does not meet the case, and produces a greater evil
than that which it was designed to remove.
Mr. BADGER. I feel great reluctance in rising
to say anything on this bill. I see around me
friends who are"anxious for its passage, gentlemen
whose wishes I delight to promote, and for whose
deliberate judgment I entertain the highest respect.
But I am deeply impressed with the conviction that j
the measure now proposed for the action of the
Senate is mischievous in its tendency. Without
reference to the motives and considerations which
have induced its introduction into Congress, and jj
before I make two or three observations on the j|
merits of the measure, as some gentlemen who jj
have spoken on this subject have stated views in ij
reference to this court in which I did not concur, 'j
permit me to say, that I am, in every sen3e of the
term, a friend of that court. I regard that institu-
tion as one o£, the wisest provisions of the great
charter of our liberties which our ancestors devised !
and transmitted to us. 1 am not opposed to the ;
independent tenure of office by which the judges j
occupy their seats on that bench. I look upon |
that as the very provision of the Constitution of i
the United States which renders the court not only j
in the highest sense valuable, but which alone ren-1
ders it safe; and I should look with horror upon a j
tribunal of last resort, vested with such high pow- |
ers, if its members held their office by the tenure i
of Executive caprice or popular passion and preju-'
(lice. Neither am 1 opposed to this bill on the
ground that it may have been suggested by the ;
judges, and is intended to afford them relief. I;
shall always feel myself prompt and ready to afford 'j
any relief to the gentlemen who occupy a place j!
upon that bcnch, provided it be in my judgment jj
consistent with the public welfare; and other things ;
being equal, it would be to mea strong recommend-,'
atioti of a measure that it was calculated to afford ■ :
relief, and manifest a generous consideration on the
' part of Congress for those high functionaries, upon ! I
the efficient discharge of whose duties everything n
which is in the highest degree valuable to us as 'j
American-citizens, in my opinion, greatly depends. T
Still, I am opposed to this bill. 1 am opposed to j!
it because I am a friend to the court. I am op- j i
posed to it because I believe it to be the commence-1 j
ment of a system by which the moral influence n
and power of that court will ultimately be over- II
thrown; and it 'will remain either an incubus'I
upon our institutions, pressing them with a weight lj
injurious to the community, or perhaps produ- ij
cing such a state of things in the public mind as jj
ultimately to destroy the institution itself, or over- |
throw that independent tenure of office which to jj
me is its highest recommendation. T have no j,
doubt, sir, that the measure is sincerely bi ought J
forward simply as a temporary relief for an ad- jl
mitted evil; that it is designed to operate only for
a present emergency. But I believe the conse- I!
quence of it will be—not the necessary and inevi-
table, but the natural and probable consequence— j.
the ultimate separation of the judges from their !
circuit duties. We are not to take this bill and j
look upon it as an isolated measure. This is not jj
the first time, within a few years, that Congress :
has been called to act in reference to the accuniu- 'i
lation of business in that court and the means ,!
of relieving its docket. In June, I844, Congress j;
passed an act, having in view the same object, and Ij
containing two provisions—the first directing that h
the term of the Supreme Court should commence, '!
not on the second Monday in January, but on the 'I
first Monday in December, so as to add five weeks j
to the term of the court, and the second declaiing t!
that the judges of that court should be discharged H
from their obligation to attend two terms of the ij
federal courts each year, and should thereafter be jj
under an obligation to attend only one term each jl
year. Now, in my opinion, this second provision j!
in the law of 1844 involved an unwise alteration !
of the system. I believe that the great difficulty l|
with regard to the connection of the judges of the ,'i
Supreme Court with the circuits is, that they do
not hold, and, from the nature of the case, owing
to the extent of our country, cannot hold, circuit
courts enough; and that, therefore, when Congress
authorized a judge of that court to absent himself
from one term in the year, they did much to im-
pair the efficiency of the members of the Supreme
Court. In my view, it is absolutely essential that
the judges of every court of last resort should be
judges constantly in the habit of trying causes in
the court below. After all, whatever questions of
admiralty law may fall under the jurisdiction of
courts of the United States, the most important
part of their functions as judges consists in ad-
ministering the old common law of England, as
modified by the different States of this Union.
Who formed that common law? Five or six gen-
tlemen in their private chamber or public court at
Westminster Hall? No! It was. the result of the
application of wise and intelligent minds to the
practical operation of the rules they themselves
first educed from the transactions of mankind, and-
then applied to regplate them. Does any one be-
lieve that such a system as the common law could
have been built up in any other way? If so, are
we to trust to powers who occupy the highest sta-
tion the great paramount authority of preserving,
perpetuating, and defending these very principles
which they were incapable of building up, isolated
from the ordinary transactions of judicial business,
and sitting in this Capitol to publish their decrees
to the American people? I have said, that in my
view, the relaxation afiforded by the act of '44 was
unwise and dangerous; but I have alluded to it
now in order to show to what this course is tend-
ing. Four years ago, Congress, for the purpose
of facilitating the despatch of business, and ena-
bling the court to reduce it to manageable bounds,
added five weeks to the term of the court, and dis-
charged the judges from sitting one term in the
circuit courts. What was the result? Was the
docket relieved? Is the court now able to control
its business? Why, we are now called upon to
discharge the judges from the obligation to attend
any court in their circuits for one year. They are
now, by existing law, discharged from riding one
of their circuits in the year; and now it is proposed
to discharge them for one year from holding any
jury courts whatever!
I think that, in view of the past legislation of
Congress, and of the consideration suggested by
the Senator from Missouri, there is every reason
to believe that at the next session of Congress the
necessity for further relaxation will not only not
be removed or diminished, but will be increased and
more strongly urged as a reason for a continuance of
relief. If appeals be so numerous now, when the
circuits below do have occasionally two judges for
the purpose of hearing and deciding important
causes, what may we expect when, for a whole
year, the determination of every cause, important
or unimportant, involving whatever amount of
property, or whatever perplexing question, will be
thrown, l.y the necessity of the case, on a single
judge? I think that in every important cause
there will be a writ of error or appeal to the Su-
preme Court; and that twelve months hereafter
you will have just as much reason, nay, greater
reason, for the passage of a special law.
Then, as I apprehend, if Congress act consist-
ently, applying this remedy from year to year,
toties quoties, it must come to this, that we shall
have these gentlemen as judges of the Supreme
Court of appeals, not mingling with the ordinary
transactions of business—not accustomed to the
" forensic slrepitus" in the courts below—not see-
ing the rules of evidence practically applied to the
cases before them—not enlightened upon the laws
of the several States, which they have finally to
administer here, by the discussion of able and
learned counsel in the courts below—not seen by
the people of the United States—not known and
recognized by them—not touching them as it were,
in the administration of their high office—not felt,
and understood, and realized as part and parcel of
this great popular Government; but sitting here
alone—becoming philosophical and speculative in
their inquiries as to law—becoming necessarily
more and more dim as to the nature of the law of
the various States, from want of familiar and daily
connection with .them—unseen, final arbiters of
justice, issuing their decrees as it were from a se-
cret chamber—moving invisibly amongst us, as far
as the whole community is concerned; and, in my
judgment, losing in fact the ability to discharge
their duties as well as that responsive confidence of
the people, which adds so essentially to the sanc-
tion of all the acts of the officers of Government.
These are the consequences to which, in my
judgment, the measure tends. I am willing,
promptly and cheerfully, to extend to the judges,
for their own benefit, and at their own request, any
reasonable indulgence and relaxation which may
not be inconsistent with the public good. But the
gentlemen who advocate this measure say, here is
an evil, and we propose to remedy it by special
legislation. Now, it has been well said in ancient
fable, that when the aid of Hercules was suppli-
cated by the unfortunate wagoner, the answer
which the god gave was, " lay your own shoulder
to the wheel, and if, after putting forth your own
powers, you find yourself not adequate to the
emergency, then Hercules will help you." I ap-
prehend that the court has no right to expect or
ask any special legislation until after it has put
its own shoulder to the wheel—until it has fairly
applied all the powers with which it is vested by
"law, in order to accomplish this desirable result.
Now, has the court done so ? What occasions
this accumulation of business? During a session
of upwards of ninety days the court decided, as the
Senator from Arkansas informs us, about forty
cases.
M/. CRITTENDEN. Upwards of fifty rases.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Kentucky
says, from the statement of the clerk, upwards of
fifty cases have been decided. I imagine that the
two statements are quite reconcilable. The clerk
puts down all the cases that have gone off the
docket; several cases being involved in one opin-
ion, and some merely docketed and dismissed.
"Why were not there more cases disposed of? We
are all somewhat familiar with the manner in which
eases are argued in that court. Now, Lord Bacon
has informed us in one of his essays—and no man
understood better, theoretically, than he the du-
ties of a judge, whatever might have been his prac-
tical discharge of those duties—that one of the
offices of a judge was, "to moderate length,repe-
tition, and impertinence of speech," using the lat-
ter term of course in its original and appropriate
signification, not as meaning insolence, but irrele-
vancy. Now, has that remedy been applied by
the court? Has the court taken upon itself the re-
sponsibility which it ought to have exercised, in
oider to prevent a waste of the public time by
those who happen to gam the ear of the court a
little earlier, in debate, indulging: in idle and frivo-
lous discussion, felt by the court themselves to be
totally immaterial to the decision of the cause ?_
Has the court been careful to prevent discussion
of questions which might be regarded as axiom-
atic in this country—dissertations or scholastic
essays, like those delivered to young men prose-
cuting their studies in a lawyer's office, in the ex-
pectation of obtaining a license? It is quite familiar
to us all, that in a case which attracted some atten-
tion, one of the learned counsel occupied an entire
day for the purpose of demonstrating this very dif-
ficult proposition in America, that the people are
sovereign; and then pursued his argument on the
second day by endeavoring to make out the ex-
tremely difficult conclusion from the first proposi-
tion, that being sovereign they had a right to frame
their own constitution! Well, now, if the court
sit quietly while gentlemen, from whatever motive,
either to gain distinction from an exhibition of
their polemical powers, capacity for didactic dis-
cussion, or any other reason, occupy the attention
of the couit with such discussions, what hope,
what expectation can be entertained, that this bill
will supply any remedy for the evil of a surcharged
docket ?
I have no doubt, if the court had met on the
1st of December, with the resolute purpose of con-
fining the argument of counsel to the questions on
record, and refusing to listen to any discussion of
any points which the court considered to be clear
and settled, that instead of deciding forty cases, the
court might have decided one hundred and forty.
Gentlemen around me know, that we belong to a
profession exceedingly discursive, and that when
we have looked into a subject, and imagine thai
we can make a display, we are very apt to occupy
time without consideration of the just claims of
those who arc to come after us.
A Senator, (in his seat.) And abuse the court
if they stop us!
