1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
Mr. BADGER. "Yes, and abuse the court if it
administer even a gentle admonition. But I ask,
why was the Supreme Court made independent as
regards the tenure of office, and the salaries of its
judges placed above control? Surely, that it might
be independent, I mean to cast no reproach upon
the court; far from it. I am aware that the duty
to which I have just alluded is one of great deli-
cacy. I can readily appreciate the reluctance with
which the court would interpose this rightful
power—this unpleasing remedy; and, therefore, if
the court had time, I would have no objection to
their amiable sufferance of irrelevant discussion.
If they could dispose of their business, 1 have no
objection to their allowing gentlemen to occupy
days in demonstrating that the whole is equal to
all the parts, or that things that are equal to the
same thing are equal to one another, or any <?thcr
grave and difficult question. But here is a case in
which the public are interested, in which it is not
the time of the court that is occupied, but the time
of the suitors,"whose cases are delayed, and whose
interests suffer. I insist that in such a case it is
the duty of the court to lay aside all considerations
of personal courtesy, and—not with rudeness, for
that never can be the duty of the judge, but with
moderation, firmness, and decision—to inform
counsel that tile time of the court must be strictly
applied to £he business before them. Independ-
ently of the consideration which 1 have stated,
that, in my view, the natural and probable result
of the adoption of this measure will be the ultimate
discharge of the judges from attendance on circuit
altogether, which 1 would look upon as fatal to the
usefulness and moral influence of the court, I ob-
ject that this is an application to Congress for a
special act of legislation to apply a special remedy
For a special grievance; and before we shall enter-
tain favorably such an application, it ought first
to be shown that the ordinary remedies placed in
the hands of the tribunal have been resorted to,
and have proved inefficient. Now, so far from
that being the case in the present instance, give me
leave to say, that all are perfectly aware that the
court has interposed no such authority to shorten
. needless debate and enable them to dispose of the
cases on their docket. But, sitting there, and gain-
ing1 universal favor by allowing everybody to talk
ad libitum, they are obliged to seek this special act
discharging them from circuit duty for a year, in
order to *sit here and accomplish in that time the
business which I have no doubt could have been
disposed of in the four months in which the court
was in session.
Believing, then, that the experiment is a danger-
ous one, on account of the consequences which
may flow from it, and believing that, at all events,
it is an application for an act of special legislation,
to afford special relief when the ordinary powers
of the court, if exercised, would have enabled them
to discharge their duty without the necessity of
special legislation, I, for one, cannot vote for the
measure now before the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I regard this judicial system
which has been in operation some fifty years, and
with a very slight interruption ever since the organi-
zation of the Government, as the best that can be
devised for the General Government and for the
people. I deprecate as much as the Senator from
North Carolina, or any other gentleman on this
floor, the separation of the judges of the Supreme
Court from their ciicuit duties. The consideration
that the separation of the judges of the Supreme
Court from their circuit duties would operate very
much to the prejudice of the country, is not to
be overlooked'. 1 have had my fears, however,
that this system, admirable as it is, would have to
be abandoned; and that apprehension has been
founded upon the fact, that m the first place, the
judges have not time to attend to their circuit duties;
and that, in the second place, the docket of the
Supreme Court had become so loaded, that the
business of the court cannot be despatched—the
very evil which I apprehended as likely to grow
out of the extension of our territory, and the utter
impracticability of having the duties of the circuit
court discharged by such a number of judges as
would be proper to be congregated here. If you
increase the number of the judges of the Supreme
Court with a view to enable them to discharge all
the duties of the circuit courts, you have a court
too numerous. On the other hand, they cannot,
if they be limited to their present number, dis-
charge the duties of the circuit courts. What is
to be done? Som4 remedy must be applied. In
my humble judgment, we* have this alternative
before us: we must either afford temporary relief,
or abandon the system altogether. This is the
i^sue presented. Well, not being disposed to
abandon the gystem—preferring to retain it, and
for the very considerations suggested by other
Senators—I desire to apply some remedy to relieve
the court from the accumulation of business here.
In my judgment, if an extra session of this court
can dispose of this accumulation of business, the
court can attend in future to the ordinary discharge
of its duties. If this be not done, what is the re-
sult? Why, if the docket of this court is allowed
to accumulate and increase from year to year, and
the community becomes satisfied that the business
of the court cannot be despatched, we are driven
irresistibly to the very measure which gentlemen
deprecate—the separation of the court from the
States. In these circumstances there is but one
alternative—we must either change the system, or
we must adopt some temporary measure of relief.
T am decidedly of opinion that we should resort to
some measure of temporary relief, and preserve the
system. It is really a choice qf evils, and I prefer
that course which looks to temporary relief, rather
than that which must result in an entire change of
the system. As to the recommendation of the
Senator from North Carolina, I have only to say,
that it is easy to talk on this floor about the man-
ner in which the judges should discharge their
duties. I confine myself to the subject before us,
and allow the judges to go on in their own way.
Here a motion to adjourn was put and lost.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What, let me ask, is the
condition of the law now ? The judges of tile Su-
preme Court may continue in session throughout
the whole year, can they not?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, (in his seat.)
Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is no limit to the
session of the court except what their own discre-
tion imposes. By law the court can now sit through-
out the whole year, so long as there is any business
before them. What does this bill propose to do ?
It says, " and the business of the Supreme Court
shall receive the undivided attention of thecourtfor
one year." They can then obtain this relief by the
law as it now stands. But if we order them to do
what they can do without an order, lo and behold,
infinite danger results to the whole system, and
the Chamber is filled with grave alarms ! I admit
that it is wise to be jealous. But that jealous wis-
dom must have its limit. What do gentlemen fear?
If they apprehend evil, why not change the law
now ? Gentlemen fear a consequence which exists
only ill their own argument. Does anybody de-
sire this consequence? Do not all depiecate it and
disclaim it ? And yet gentlemen arc greatly alarm-
ed at the tendency of this measure—a tendency
which they have in their own hands! In this case,
literally, men flee when no one pursueth. I hope
that the vote may now be taken.
Mr. FOOTE. Until thedebate occurred to which
we have just listened, I confess that I was decided-
ly favorable to the passage of this bill. But some
objections to its becoming a law have been prefer-
red which are too cogent to be resisted; and I shall,
contrary to my first inclinations, vote against it.
The merits of the bill have been so fully debated,
that nothing which I could now say would aid the
Senate in coming to a wise decision concerning it.
I shall, therefore, content myself with responding
to a single suggestion which has just fallen from
the Senator from Vermont. That gentleman seems
to be particularly horrified at certain animadver-
sions in which honorable Senators have indulged
touching the conduct of those who preside in the
Supreme Court of the Union. He appears to be
of opinion that we ought not, under any circum-
stances, to find fault with theaction of a coordinate
department of the Government, and especially with
the judicial department. The Senator may or may
not be right in the general doctrine which he as-
serts; and yet it is most evident to me, that if any
one of the three departments of Government de-
creed by the Constitution to be separate and inde-
pendent of each other, should be allowed to inter-
fere with the action of another in any case, the
exception to the general rule should be admitted in
favor, either of the Legislative or Executive, in
preference to the Judiciary. Nor do I imagine that
there will be much difference of opinion as to the
correctness of this proposition among Senators who
attach sufficient importance. to the" fact, that tha
judges of the Supreme Court are appointed (not
elected, either "by the people or otherwisej for life,
and are only responsible to the country through
the medium of impeachment—a proceeding long
since ascertained to be wholly inefficient for the
•purpose of punishing an unworthy judicial func-
tionary. The occasion is not such as to allow of
my objecting in form to the mode in which'Uhe
members of the Supreme Court of the Union are
appointed to their high stations, or to their peculiar
tenure of office, which induced Mr. Jefferson to
declare this tribunal to be a solecism in our sys-
tem. I shall not now undertake to review the
history of the court for the purpose of showing
how deadly the tendency of its decisions has gen-
erally been to what we call republican principles.
I shall confine my observations to a single act of
one of the judges of the Supreme Court, of very
recent perpetration, which I had hoped would have
been long since suitably noticed, and denounced by
some other member of this body of more weight and
influence in the country than myself; but which
having heretofore escaped revision here, I shall
take leave now to remark upon. Sir, one of the
judges of the Supreme Court has lately taken it
upon himself, whilst the country was engaged in
war with a neighboring nation, to throw the whole
weight of his personal character and official influ-
ence against his own Government, and in favor of
the public enemy. He has declared the war with
Mexicounjust,cruel,and unchristian. He hasdone
more: he has undertaken to dictate to Congress as
to the legislation proper to be adopted in relation
to this war, and has recommended measures such
as would have disgraced the nation, and which no
true friend to his country in either House of Con-
gress could ever have sanctioned. He has urged
that no supplies should be granted for the support
of our army in Mexico—that no authority should
be given to Congress for the issuance of treasury
notes, so that the Government might be compelled,
if the war should be continued, to resort to the
most grinding taxation; and thus, by-the influence
of serious suffering upon our people, to constrain
them to demand of the President the recall of our
brave troops from Mexico, and the termination of
the war, without such indemnity for the past and
security for the future as can alone secure the na-
tional honor. Sir, I have no words strong enough
to express the contempt which I feel for such sen-
timents as this judicial functionary has dared to
avow. I know not which most to condemn, the
unpatriotic views which he has promulged, or his
unblushing audacity in attempting to dictate to
Congress as to the course proper to be pursued at
this delicate and difficult juncture of our affairs. It
is certain that he has been guilty of a high offence
against public decency—that he has expressed sen-
timents which, if acted out, would consign him to
the scaffold as a traitor to his country'—that he has
soiled, and deeply soiled, the pure ermine of jus-
tice with which he stands invested—that he has
shown himself anything but a true American in
heart, and a wretched devotee to faction in its
worst and most accursed form. I will not say
that his conduct has been precisely as bad as that
of the notorious Arnold, but I do say that our pub-
lic councils have been profaned by insidious ha-
rangues that Lucius Cataline himself would have
been ashamed to pronounce; and even the high
tribunal where a Marshall was once seen to preside .
with a majestic dignity which acknowledged no
affinity with the low feelings of partisan warfare,
has been so discredited by a Presidency-seeking
official, that neither gentleman nor patriot can con-
sent hereafter to be elevated to the noblest and
most sacred office in the Republic, without feeling
that he is disgraced even by the attempt to advance
him.
Mr. DOWNS. I confess I agree with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, that much of the evil
that we complain of might be Remedied by the
court itself, still I think it is necessary that.the bill
should pass. It is not an act for the relief of the
court, but for the relief of those who are engaged
in litigation before that court—for the relief of the
people of the United States. It is said that if this
measure be not adopted, another measure will be
brought forward that will remedy the evil. I shall
be happy to see a remedy applied, and I see an
opportunity now for the adoption of a remedy.
There is in my State a large amount of property
in litigation. A case was carried to the Supreme
