1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
doubt that slavery would ultimately be abolished
in all those States. That, however, should be
done by no unconstitutional act of his. He had a
right to speak, and to speak freely, his sentiments
of the institution, and this he should do at all
proper times.
But gentlemen might assure themselves that the
people of the North would resist the extension of
slavery as an element of political power in the
Union. As a domestic institution, existing within
a State, they never would touch it. Let the South
take it, and enjoy it, if enjoyment it were; let them
suffer under it, (as he believed they did;) with all
that, the North had nothing to do. But when it
should be attempted to bring into the Federal Le-
gislature new Senators and new Repiesentatives
on the basis of slave property, they shoufd most
assuredly resist it. It changed the whole Govern-
ment; it made a new Constitution, a new Union.
Against such an attempt, though at the risk of the
high displeasure of the gentleman from Virginia,
and at the risk of being called insulting and libel-
ous, they should certainly take their stand. Mr.
A. admitted that there were in the North a set of
men of one idea; but so there were at the South.
There were ultra men on both sides; and he could
scarcely say which were the most mischievous.
But these were not the great mass of the people of
the North; and it was the mass of sober-minded,
reflecting, foreseeing people of the free States who
would take the stand he had indicated. They
would take their stand upon the Constitution, as it
was originally formed. The element of slavery
■was there; they could not take it out, or not at least
without endangering the safety, if not the exist-
ence of the whole. There then let it stand until
God in his Providence shall move the hearts of the
people to blot it out. But gentlemen, with then-
progressive Democracy, who wanted to make new
slave States, new Senators, new Representatives,
based on slavery, could not with any show of
reason expect northern men to stand quietly by
and see this done without an effort to resist it. if
they did, they would find themselves wofully de-
ceived.
Mr. A. said he had no disposition to prolong
this debate. He had given the reasons which had
induced him to offer the amendment which he had
had the honor of proposing to the resolutions be-
fore the House. In the remarks he had made in
.reply to the gentleman from Virginia he had taken
the liberty of speaking freely—as freely as the
gentleman had done of him. To be sure, he had
thought the gentleman's manner somewhat super-
cilious; but he entertained no resentment, far less
any enmity, to that gentleman, lie conceded to
him the same rights he claimed for himself, and
should take no offence at their free exercise.
Mr. BAYLY next obtained the floor. When
he had spoken one week ago upon this question,
(he proceeded to remark,) he had spoken without
one 
Mr. ASHMUN interposed, and desired the gen-
tleman to give way for a moment while he added
a few observations.on a topic which had escaped
him.
The SPEAKER, (addressing Mr. Bayly.)
Does the gentleman give way?
Mr. BAYLY. With pleasure.
Mr. ASHMUN said he wished to add a few
■words in relation to the remarks which the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had made on the
subject of the emancipation of the slaves during the
old French revolution. The gentleman had charged
that the emancipation by the French Government
of the slaves in the islands of the Caribbean sea
had produced the terrific results of slaughter and
rapine and crime which, we all knew, had marked
that time. Notwithstanding the gentleman had
told the House he spoke from the book, and made
no assertions without knowing on what they were
founded, yet in this respect he was false in history.
Every reader of the history of the times k-new that
those revolts were the result, not of emancipation
by the French Government, but of other causes.
The only emancipation prior to 1793 by the French
Government of the slaves in those islands was
■what was contained in the declaration of the Na-
tional Assembly of the 20th August, 1789. At
that time the National Assembly declared, in the
words of our own Declaration of Independence,
that " all men are bom, and are to continue, free
and equal as to. their rights." Prior to any of
these insurrections in the West India islands, no
other emancipation of any kind than what was
contained in that declaration was ever enacted or
decreed by the National Assembly. That decla-
ration attracted the attention of the population of
those islands, in all its extent, and the principles
of it induced the mulatto race, which was a distinct
race from either the whites or the negro slaves, to
attempt to achieve their own natural and political
rights. There were at that time three distinct
races in the West India islands: in the first place,
the white planters, who were the owners of slaves;
then the mulattoes, who were also men of large
property, some of them men of education, and the
owners of slaves; and, lastly, the African negro
slave caste. The first disturbances grew out of
the attempt of the mulattoes to vindicate for them-
selves the principles contained in the declaration of
the aoth August, 1789. The failure of the National
Assembly ot' France to carry out in practice the
principle which they had thus declared was the
primary cause of the insurrection that ensued. It
was that that led to open war, bitter feuds between
®ie white planter and the mulattoes; and it was
not until they had been continued some time that
the slaves, partaking of the general ferment, at-
tempted insurrection for the purpose of achieving
their own freedom. Then it was that the terrible
scenes which had been described were enacted.
But the act of the French Government which eman-
cipated slavery did not take place until long after.
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) 1 know it did not.
Mr. ASHMUJN. . Therefore, when the gentle-
man from Virginia asserted that these scenes of
carnage, bloodshed, and pillage, were the result of
an act of emancipation such as had now been pro-
posed, he spoke without the book, and without
any authority of histoiy.
ivlr- BAYliY resumed the floor, and proceeded
with his remarks, lie said he was about to re-
mark, when he had yielded the floor to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that when he had spoken
a week ago on this subject, he had spoken without
one moment of preparation, and under the feeling
very manifest in the House at the time, which he
did not attempt,to suppress. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, subsequently on the same day, had
obtained the floor, and declined then-, under cir-
cumstances similar to those under which he had
spoken, to reply. He had taken a week to fortify
himself, and all he (Mr. B.) asked, was now, not
a week of preparation to rejoin to him, but the at-
tention of this committee. He should follow the
gentleman.etep by step through his remarks.
And, first, as-to what the gentleman had said in
reference to his (Mr. li.'s) suggestion as to the
terms in which the resolutions ot' congratulation to
the l*'iench people ought to be presented to the
country. The gentleman said he hud objected to
the resolutions of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cummins,] because they had not come from any
committee of this House, or even from a gentle-
man connected with the committee having charge
of our foreign relations, and had seemed to intimate
that that was ground of objection on his (Mr.
B.'s) part to the resolutions themselves. On the
contrary, gentlemen knew very well that it was
impossible to get this subject before the House in
the imposing torm he (Mr. B.) had desired, until
they had first been submitted by some member of
the House. His (Mr. B. 's) argument had been
in favor of referring tlie resolutions, and nowhere
had he objected on account of the gentleman from
Ohio having introduced them. That gentleman
had quite as much right to introduce them as any-
body else. They had come with quite as much
propriety from the gentleman from Ohio, as they
could have come from anybody else. But he (Mr.
B.) had desired to give them an imposing appear-
ance. He had desired tliat they should not seem
to the country the suggestion of a single individual,
but rather the deliberate and well-considered action
of this House.
He had not understood the resolutions of the
gentleman from Ohio, nor had the gentleman from
Massachusetts himself understood the resolutions
of the gentleman from Ohio, as referring to the
subject of abolition in the French colonies; be-
cause, if he had, why did he move his amendment?
The resolutions huU created no excitement here,
though the gentleman from Massachusetts now
maintained- that they contained the substance of
his amendment; there had been no excitement, no
ill feeling, no indisposition to vote them when they
were brought forward in an imposing and proper
form. Was it that the gentleman found that al-
though thus containing his amendment, as he now
maintained, they were not likely to become, the
subject of broil and discord here, and hence lie
deemed it necessary to give additional point tq it,
to render it obnoxious as far as their feelings were
concerned, and thus raise the storm of which he
now complained? The gentleman had one of the
two horns of the dilemma: he must either admit
that he did not understand the resolutions as he
now maintained them to be, or, being everything
he desired, yet as they were going quietly along,
his purpose of agitation was not likely to be at-
tained, and therefore it was necessary for him to
interfere with his amendment. So far from the
gentleman's remarks having relieved him from any
odium, which he (Mr.B.) undertook, to say his
amendment had brought upon him in the estima-
tion of three-fourths of the members of this House,
they only served to fix it more indelibly'upon
him.
But the gentleman said that the resolutions were
prematura; that he desired to congratulate France,
but wished to wait until he saw the result of the
movement there making. Even now he wished
to wait until republicanism was consolidated in
France before he could express a word of sympa-
thy in this movement in the direction of free prin-
ciples; he desired that the movement should first
be consummated. He (Mr.B.) wished for no such
ill-timid delay. In this contest for free principles,
waged in imitation of our own glorious contest of
"76, he did not wish now, any more than France
did then, to wait for the movement to be consum-
mated before the cheering voice of sympathy was
heard. So far from its being premature, it was in
the midst of the strife, when the issue was yet un-
certain, when these people were contending for
their political rights, that they required the cheer-
ing voice of sympathy. It was at such a period
as that that he (Mr. B.) wished to speak: whilst
the contest waged, not when it was over. Then
would be a time for congratulation when they had
achieved the glorious object for which they were
struggling; now was the time to send over to them
the voice of sympathy and encouragement. He had
none of that cold calculating policy which would
restrain him from sympathizing with men fighting
for their liberties because perchance they might.be
stricken down in the struggle. He ardently noped
that France might establish, on a firm basis, her
republican principles; and it was precisely because
he entertained that hope that he wanted to cheer
them in the effort. It was precisely because he did
not want to produce despondency for lack of the
sympathy of this great nation that he did not want
to wait. If this was to be the case, if we were not
to lejoice now, we never could rejoice at the in-
ception of any movement. Somewhat of irregu-
larity, confusion, disorder—somewhat (he was
sorry to add) of error, must always precede the
full establishment of any great principles of this
nature. Was France premature when she not only
aided us by her cheering voice of sympathy, but
with men and money? Was it premature in 1< ranee
then ? It was precisely, exactly as premature as it
was in us now. He had no sympathy with the
gentleman in this ill-timed prudence.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts again to-
day could not speak to these resolutions—with all
his professed anxiety to produce no discord,merely
to discharge his duties here—he could not speak to
these resolutions without recurring to the conduct
of our Government in the Mexican war, virtually
charging us with hypocrjsy—not in terms, but that
was the effect of his argument—charging, that at
the time we were exulting at the birth of a Repub-
lic in the Old World, we were exerting the power
of our nation to crush a Republic on this continent.
What had we done, either in Mexico or elsewhere,
that showed any disposition on our part to put the
iron heel of war upon any Republic here? Was
Mexico less likely to be free, less likely to be re-
publican, after the termination of this war, which
the gentleman's course had tended so much to pro-
tract, than it was now ? Was there any man who
had looked attentively at the course of events, who
believed that this war would result in injury to the
civil and political condition of Mexico; who did
not know that there the principles of liberty were
better understood; that the reign of nnlitary des-
pots had been cut sfiort; that the rights of man
would come to be respected to a greater extent in
Mexico than they ever had been before ?
