1648."
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
cheap and fertile lands, which stood as an induce-
ment to them, he asked to be referred to one of the
old States that had advanced in population, wealth,
improvemen t, more rapidly than the State in part so
ably represented by his friends near him [Messrs.
Stephens and Toombs] from Georgia. If they went
into one of the new States, let them show him one
thai had advanced faster than Missouri. The insti-
tution of slavery had been no blight upon them. But
if.it had been, it was their misfortune; and did it
become certain gentlemen from the free States con-
stantly ta throw up to them a misfortune which
they did not feel, and one which they had not the
power to remedy? Did the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts find it consonant either with the feel-
ings of humanity and patriotism? If they had a
deformed limb, in the name of God let it pass the
notice of their brethren. If it could not pass their
notice, let them not be jeered and ridiculed for it.
It was an institution which was upon them: if it
was a deformity in their social system, no portion
of the people of this globe had done more to .pro-
duce this deformity than the people of Massachu-
setts themselves; and they were doing it (as his
colleague suggested) at this hour in Brazil; there
they were fastening it upon them.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts had said
that he had been in error in what he had said in
reference to abolition in St. Domingo. The gen-
tleman seemed to suppose that he had maintained
that it was the action of the French Government
which brought about that emancipation, and had
undertaken to show that it occurred prior to any
action of the Government on that subject. He
knew that quite as well as the gentleman. He had
never said that abolition in St. Domingo was
brought about by the action of the French Gov-
ernment. On the contrary, in as explicit terms as
he could employ, he had said it was brought about
by the agitation of the subject by English and
French fanatics, without the concurrence of the
Government of either, and by the operation of so-
cieties there of the character to which the gentle-
man belonged.
Mr. ASHMUN (Mr. B. yielding) said he had
understood the gentleman to make use of these
words, precisely as he was reported in the Intelli-
gencer:
"MivBAYT.Ysaid he was not mistaken} lie spoke from
the book. "The House knew very well that, he seldom ad-
dressed it, and when he did, that lie was not in the habit of
speaking of what he had not looked into, or of making as-
EertiotiK wiUiout knowing on what they weio founded. But
he would give tins professed philanthropist from Ohio one in-
stance—a horrible instance it was—where this prnce.-s of
universal emancipation was done at a blow, with a single
dash of the pen; it was the well-known ca-e of St. Donun-
fo. * * * liilt.irate three hundred thousand negroes
y a sttoke of Hie pen ! Who did not know tb.it it < ould
not be done but through scenes of carnage and horror from
which humanity recoiled?"
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said if the gentleman
would hand him the report he would show hiin
exactly what he had said. That report, consider-
ing the circumstances under which he had spoken,
he was free to say, was a very faithful one. His
own impression was, that in the connection in
which it was there used he had not spoken of the
St. Domingo abolition having taken place in con-
sequence of the dash of a pen. But if he had, the
former part of his remarks showed conclusively
that he understood then, as now, that it did not
originate with the French Government. The re-
marks immediately afterwhat thegentlemnn quoted
showed clearly enough what was his understand-
ing. He had said the thing had been eft'ected.
How? By the'action of the Government? No such
thing.
"Then the tiling had been effected by the busy intermed-
dling of visionary fanatics, just at it was now sought to be
done by the gentleman f'tom Ohio and his associates. Theie
was then a band of fanatics in liondon who met in the Old
Jewiy, and who pasbed resolutions veiy similar to the
amendment which it was now sought to foist on the pending
resolutions.
" It was then proposed to aid these negroes with m'-n and
money m a struggle for their freedom; and similar lesolu-
tions were at tile same time adopted in France by an associ-
ation similar to that to which the gentleman and his aboli-
tion friends belonged among us. These fanatical visionaries
set the revolt of die blacks in St. Domingo in motion ; their
machinations succeeded in exciting a servile insurrection,
in tile cotm-e of which every white man and woman and
child m the island was massacred, with the exception oC a
small remnant, who fled to the shipping in the harbor, «nd
barely escaped with their lives. Whole hecatombs of dead
bodies were piled up in the streets, amid burning, murder,
and pillage. IVay, so great was the fury ot the blacks that
their rage and revenge could not glut themselves with the
butchery of every white person, (and they found no diffi-
culty in drawing that line of distinction which the gentle-
man thought so great a mystery; it was no problem to the
negroes;) but they then turned upon the mulattoes and ex-
terminated them. They seemed to hate every human crea-
ture that had white blood in his veins with a bitterness that
had no parallel unless in the breast of the member from
Ohio." .
He had made other remarks which were not in
this report. The House would recollect—those
who had paid attention to his speech—that he had
referred expressly to the fact that the Abolition
Society of London had furnished Oge with a ship,
with men and money; and it was by this aid, thus
furnished by persons belonging to associations
precisely similar to those that existed here, that
these negroes had been stirred up to'insurrection,
and been enabled to succeed. How? By cutting
the throats of every white man,'woman, and child
in the land, except the few that escaped.
Mr. ASHMUN wished to correct the gentleman
on one point. Oge's mission, he presumed the
gentleman would recollect, was to vindicate the
rights of the mulattoes against the whites. His
mission was not emancipation.
Mr. BAYLY knew, as well as a man could ex-
pect to know from general reading, the history of
that transaction; and he now repeated, if the gen-
tleman would go to his own historian, Edwards,
he would find that the whites would have succeed-
ed in suppressing this insurrection but for the men
and money furnished by these abolition fanatics
of England and France. And how did the mulat-
toes profit? As he had said the other day, after
the whites were exterminated by the joint action
of the blacks and the mulattoes, they were not yet
satiated with blood, and at a subsequent period the
blacks turned upon the mulattoes themselves, and
from that hour to this there had been nothing but
confusion and bloodshed in that island, until it was
fast relapsing into that barbarism which he fully
believed it was impossible to keep the negro out of
ill any other way than by the guardianship and
protection of the white. He said now, whether
by the torch of the incendiary and the dagger of
the assassin, or by the peaceful action of the Gov-
ernment, emancipation cpuld never take place in
any country where there was a predominance of
blacks without absolute destruction to the whites.
There was no man who was thoroughly acquaint-
ed with the black race who believed that the two
races could ever live together in the same commu-
nity as equals: they never did anywhere, and never
could. Look to the British Islands: Britishstates-
men had admitted that their attempt at emancipa-
tion there had proved a failure. It had taken place
under circumstances more favorable than could
ever again occur: the masters were in some sort
compensated for their slaves by the appropriation
of $100,000,000, and there wan not that acute sting
of wrong which would occur where they were not
thus emancipated; they underwent a probation of ,
ten years; they had British bayonets there to keep j
them in order and protect the throats of white men j
against their murder; and yet with all these safe-
guards, with all these favorable circumstances,
which never did occur, and which never could oc-
cur again, what was the condition of things there?
Look to the debates in the British Parliament; look
to the admission of her statesmen, and even of her
abolition journals, and it was everywhere conceded
that the attempt had proved a failure. It had been
maintained in the British Parliament, as it was
here, that white labor would be more profitable than
slave labor; that emancipation would enhance the
products of those islands. We of tli%South (said
he) knew otherwise. As young as he was, he re-
viewed in one of the periodicals of the day these
positions; he was not wise after the fact; in .1833,
m this article which was in print, he had predicted
exactly what had since occurred. He undertook
to say there was no man in the South who under-
stood the negro character who had not foreseen
precisely what had occurred. English statesmen
did not understand the fact—which it was a pity
could not be learned here—that ignorance andpre-
sumption were no substitute for knowledge, and
that men cannot wisely regulate a subject who do
not understand it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had referred
to (he was sorry he [Mr. Ashmon] had referred to so
many miscellaneous subjects in this connection, for
it had betrayed him into adiscursiyertess of debate
which he hoped he was not much accustomed to) and
asked him if the Oregon bill, with the anti-slavery
restriction, was a libel on the southern States. He
regretted that.the gentleman had made it necessary
for him to refer to the circumstarvees under which
that anti-slavery restriction wasput in the bill.. It
had been in none of the territorial bills that had
preceded it, except the Wisconsin bill, and there
m so loose and general phraseology that it had
escaped the attention of the House. The effort
had been abandoned in the case of the Iowa bill,
and had never been renewed. When the Oreggn
bill came into this House in 1845, reported by a
gentleman from a slave State, and from a commit-
tee the majority of whom were from non-slave-
holding States, there was no such restriction in it.
It was placed there—and lie regretted it—on the
motion of a gentleman whose elevated personal
character, whose elegant accomplishments, whose
urbanity, whose ability, whose Statesmanship,
ought to have made him scorn to have participated
in any such proceedings—by the gentleman who
then, as now, represented the city of Boston. It
was brought there against all precedent, against all
necessity—circumstances which he regretted, as
he regretted the source from which it came. If it
had come from such a source as this amendment
he should have expected nothing better; but he
'confessed he was disappointed, mortified, to see it
come from the source from which it did.
There were many other topics to which the gen-
tleman had referred which he should not take up
his time 'in speaking of now—speaking without
one moment's preparation as he did.
But one more remark. He sought altercation
with the gentleman as little as the gentleman did
with him. He had no fondness for personalities;
lie had no taste either to indulge in abuse in the
first instance, or to retort it. The retort of abuse
was low and vulgar; it was rather the recourse of
vulgar minds, overflowing with bad passions, than
the resort of patriotic indignation at unprovoked
! attack. He confessed that some remarks which
he had made when he occupied the floor a week
ago were pretty pointed: if he had bad the lan-
guage he would have made them more so. All he
could say now, in speaking under the impulses
which he then felt, as far as any abhorrence had
been expressed of the character of that proceeding,
he would have expressed it in his cool moments,
and then he might have better measured hia words
and found those which had more point.
Mr. STEPHENS next obtained the floor, and
moved to amend the resolutions, by striking out
all after the enacting words in the first resolution,
and inserting the following:
That the effort* of France to establish'civil liberty upon
the basis of a republican form of government command liie
adinnation and receive the warmest sympathies oi the
American people."
Mr. STEPHENS said he did not intend to
trouble the House with a discussion of this ques-
tion. He submitted his amendment without any
comment, and asked for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, being first on agreeing
to the amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the yeas and
nays; which were refused by the House.
Mr. JAMESON called for tellers; and tbey were
ordered.
Messrs. Qabeli. and BowdoJt, the tellers, having
taken the vote, reported 85 in the affirmative, and
96 in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the third reading
of the resolutions; which was agreed to without a
division.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved the previous
question on the final passage of the resolutions;
which was seconded, and the main question was
ordered to he now nut.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barringer,
Barrow, Bayly, Beale, Bedingcr, Bingham, Birttsall, Blanch-
aid. Bocock, Botts, Bowdon, Bowlin, Bojd, Brady, Bridges,
Brodhead, William G. Brown, Charles Brown, Allwrt fc>-
Brown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell, Canby, Cathcart, Chase,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb, W. K. vv.
Cobb,Cocke, Collins, Crisfield, Crowelj; Crozier, CuimrAiis,
riickev, Dickinson, Dixon, Duer, Daniel Dimcan, <r:irneu
Duncan, Eekert, Edsall, Edwards, Biulire^ Naihan fcvans,
Faran, Farrelly, Featherston, Fiekhn, ^
Fries, Fulton, Gentry, Giddinss, Goggm, Colt, Green, Greg-
ory, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Haininons.JiuMjjGHa -
ton, Haraison, Harmanson, Harris, HaskelJ, Henl«>, Hill,
Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes; George 3. Houston, Hubbard,
HiwKon Hunt Iiuie* Irvii  lv6w>n>j<wks0ii, Jameson, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, J mes H' R'Johnson,
George-W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, KeHo?g, Ken-
