604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
„„„ ThnmasB. Kin?, La S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, i
ilncoin Lord, Mae.'ay, McClelland, MeClernand, Mc-
lMnvell 'Mcllraine, McKay, MeLane, Mann, Marsh, Mar- j
ill. Mead, Miller, Morehead, Morris, Morse, Murphy, Nel-
son', Nef, JVewali, Nieoll, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peck, Pendleton,
Eetrie Fettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pollock, Preston, Richardson,
Bichey, Robinson. Roekhill, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, fiumsey,St.'John, Sawyer, Shepperd, Sherrill, Silves-
ter, Simpson, Sims, Smart, Caleb 6. Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton* Starkweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles |j. Stuart,
13trobm, Strong, Talimadge, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Thomas,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-
son, Jolm B. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston,
Tompkins, Tuck, Turner, Venabie, *Varren, Wentworth,
Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and Woodward—174.
NAYS—Messrs. Cranston and Root—2.
So the joint resolutions of the Senate were con-
curred in and finally passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, expressed a desire that
the House should take up joint resolution No. 14
from the Senate to authorize contracts -for water-
rotted hemp.
Objections being made, he moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose indicated.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MURPHY moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of obtaining an opportunity to sub-
mit a joint resolution to fix the adjournment of
Congress sine die on Thursday, the 15th of June.
Objections were'made to the introduction of the
resolution. *
Mr. MURPHY called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules, which were not
ordered*, and pending the question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
The following Select Committees were appoint-
ed on the 28th ultimo:
On Mr. Whitney's plan for a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific: Messrs. Pollock, Toombs,
McClelland, Hilliard, Woodward, Dixon, Vena-
bie, Taylor, and Maclay.
On the petitipn of James Johnson and others,
physiciansand druggists, at Milwaukie, Wisconsin,
for the passage of an act providing for the inspec-
tion of all articles imported for medical use: Messrs.
Edwards, Jones, Fries, Eckhert, Lord, Nes, New-
all, Henry, and Williams.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jfpril 10, 1848. i
A message was received from the President of j
the United States, transmitting a copy of the in- 1
structions from the minister of Foreign Affairs of
Brazil to Mr. Leal, the Brazilian charge d'affaires
at Washington, communicated by him to the De-
partment of State, and in compliance with a reso-
lution of the 28th of March last; which was ordered
to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the 29th
ultimo, calling for information in relation to the
reserved lands in and about Fort Snelling; which
was ordered to be printed.
[The Secretary says that directions were given
some time since to have prepared a list of reserves
east of the Mississippi no longer required for mili-
tary purposes, and as soon as practicable the ne-
cessary measures will be taken to dispose of them
pursuant to law.]
Also, a communication from the Department of
War, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 20th and 30th of December, relative to
the regulars and volunteers employed in the service
of the United States since the commencement of
hostilities with Mexico; which was ordered to be
printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BAGBY presented documents in relation to
the ciaim of H. F. Toulmin for damages to his
land by United States volunteers; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from Cyrus
H. McCormick, asking an extension of his patent
for a reaping machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. DICKINSON presented papers relating to
the claim of J. S. Bo wen; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Also, documents relating to the claim of Manuel
X. Harmony; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Also, papers relating to funds withheld from the
Seneca Indians by a late Commissioner; which (
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. ;
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from Joseph >
K. Boyd, of Washington, the only survivor, with |
the exception of Commodore Morris, of the party '
engaged in the destruction of the frigate Philadel-
phia at Tripoli in 1804, asking such compensation
as may be deemed just; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from sundry citizens of the United States
for the purchase of Mount Vernon; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HALE presented sundry memorials from
different States and Territories in relation to the
prohibition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
m relation to the slave trade therein, &c., and
against the acquisition of territory with slaves, and j
one asking that in no territory hereafter to be '
acquired may monarchy or slavery be tolerated, j
The last petition from Illinois, was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. With refer-
ence to the slave petitions, the motion to receive
them was raised, and laid on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented Professor Es-
py's second report on meteorology; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. RUSK presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Texas, in lavor of paying the vol-
unteers called out in 1846, and not received into i
the service; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented additional documents
in relation to the claim of John Rist; which were
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported House bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Burriss, with an amendment.
Also, from the same committee, House bill for
the relief of Anthony Bessee.
Also, House bill supplemental to the act ap-
proved July 6, 1842, entitled " An act concerning
certain land claims m Louisiana."
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Jesse Toles;
also, a bill for the relief of David Penrod; which
J were severally read a first time.
Also, from the same committee, a bill in relation
; to the boundary line between Alabama and Flori-
da; which was read a first time.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BREESE, on leave,introduced abill to au-
thorize the sale of reserved lands, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOWNS, on leave, introduced a bill for
attaching a portion of the northwestern land dis-
trict of Louisiana to the district north of Red river,
Louisiana; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following:
Resolved, Tnut the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of repealing the joint resolu-
tion, iippiovcd August 3, J84o, entitled "A joint resolution
directing the manner ot procuring the printing tor the two
sessions of Congress."
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill for ascertaining and paying cer-
tain claims in California.
The bill Joeing under consideration, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. BENTON rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: These claims grow out of the
conquest of California, and are supported by a
mass of depositions taken by the Military Com-
mittee of the Senate, and printed by its order.
These depositions constitute a document of eighty
pages, and are full of material, valuable to the pub-
lic history of the country, as well as to the private
rights of the claimants. The Senate, on the ap-
plication of the committee, have ordered twenty
thousand extra copies of this document to beprint-
j ed—a fact which sufficiently announces its public
| and national importance; for no extras, much less
i twenty thousand, are ever printed of merely pri-
j vate papers; .It requires a public interest to be
I concerned before such a thing can be done; and
' that is eminently the case in the present instance,
j These depositions concern public history; and no
I one can understand the history of the United States,
as connected with the conquest of California, with-
out understanding them.
The conquest of California was commenced, and
its first act finished, before the existence of the
Mexican war was known in thatcountry; andthis
fact standing out incontcstably among the events
of the times, and presenting a presumptive ease of
aggression against theUnited States, very Aaturally
attracted the attention of the committee, and com-
manded their most searching and thorough exam-
ination. The result is before the Senate, in the
depositions referred to, and may be examined in
detail by every Senator. For myself I propose
only to make a brief, connected story from their
ample contents, to rebut in the first place an inju-
rious presumption, and to exhibit afterwards in
lucid order the summary of events which gave rise
to these California claims, and show that they ought
to be paid.
In Che month of May , 1845, Mr. Fremont, then
a brevet captain of engineers, set out on his third
expedition of geographical and scientific explora-
tion in the Great West. War had not then broken
out between the United States and Mexico; but
affairs were critical between them, and Mr. Fre-
mont was determined, by no act of his, to increase
the difficulties, or to give any cause of complaint to
the Mexican Government. His line of observa-
tion would lead him to the Pacific Ocean through a
Mexican province—through the desert parts first,
and the settled parts afterwards, of the Alia Cali-
fornia. Approaching the settled parts of the prov-
ince at the commencement of winter, he left his
equipment of sixty men and two hundred horses
on the frontier, and proceeded alone to Monterey
to make known to the Governor the object of his
coming, and his desire to pass the winter, for the
refreshment of his men and horses, in the uninhab-
ited parts of the valley of the San Joaquin. The
permission was granted, but soon revoked under
the pretext that Mr. Fremont had come into Cali-
fornia, not to pursue science, but to excite the
American settlers to revolt against the Mexican
Government. Upon this pretext troops were raised,
and marched to attack him. Having notice of their
approach, he took a position on the mountain,
hoisted the flag of theUnited States, and determin-
ed, with his sixty brave men, to defend themselves
to the last extremity. Waiting there four days,
and not being attacked, he quit his position, de
scended from the mountain, and set out for Ore-
gon, that he might give no further pretext for
complaint by remaining in California.
The United States consul at Monterey, Mr. O.
Larkin,gave official information of these events
to the Secretary of State, (Mr. Buchanan,) and
from these I will read what is necessary to verify
the statement which I have made:
" Captain J. C. Fremont, of the United States army, ar-
rived at this-United States consular-house in Monterey, on
the 27th of January, 1846. Being very anxious to join his
party of fifty men at the second place of rendezvous, with-
out the settlement, they having missed the first place by
mistake, he remained but two days, in which time, with
myself, he visited the eommandantgeneral,prefecto, alcalde,
and Colonel Alvarado, informing them that he was survey-
ing the nearest route from the United States to the Pacific
Ocean. This information, and that his men were not Uni-
ted States soldiers, was also, by myself, officially given to
the prefecto. Having obtained funds and supplies from my-
self, he leturned to his camp; it being well known in Mon-
terey that he was to return when he collected his men.
Some fifteen or twenty days after this. Captain Fremont,
with his party, encamped at a vacant rancho belonging to
Captain Fisher, (about ninety miles from .here.) to recrutt
his men and animals. From there he proceeded towards
Santa Cruz, making short journeys. On the 3d of March
he encamped on the rancho of Mr. E. P. Harwell, where
he received letters from the general and prefecto. ordering
him out of the country, and to obey tlie order wi thout any
pretext whatever, or immediate measures would betaken
to compel him to do so. This not corresponding with assu-
rances received at Monterey, it was not answered, and he
gave orders to hoist the United States Jia% the next morning,
as the only protection his men v ere to look to. From the 7th
to the 10th of March they fortified their camp with a breast-
work of logs. Encamped on a high hill, which commanded
a view of the surrounding country, they could see, with the
use of spy-glasses, the general and his troops, numbering
about two hundred men, at their camp, in the mission of
St. John's, preparing their cannon. On the 9th instant I
sent duplicate fetters—one by an American, who lost his
papers, and the other by a Cahfornian— to Captain Fremont,
informing lum of the movements of the CaHfornians. The
Cahfornian courier returned to the consulate in about nine
or ten hours, bringing a letter from Captain Fremont, having
travelled in that time sixty miles, lie reported being well
treated by Captain Fremont and his men ; and that tv>o thou-
sand of his countrifmen would not he sufficient to compel him
to lefiie the country, although his party was so small."—Let-
ter, 21th March, 1846.
" Captain Fremont was well received in this place, and
to the last day we heard of him, by the natives individually,
