600
the congressional globe.
April 10,
at the north end of the lake, was reached. It was
stronWv fortified, and could not be attacked; but its
whole neighborhood was infested, and scouts and
patrols were necessary to protect every moment. In
one of these excursions the California!) horse, so
-noted for his spirit and docility, showed what he
would do at the bid ofhismaster. Carson's rifle had
missed fire at ten feet distance. TheTlamath bow,
aprow on the string, was bending to the pull. All
thfe rifles in the party could not have saved him.
A horse and his rider did it. Mr. Fremont touch-
ed his horse; he sprang upon the savage, and the
hatchet of a Delaware completed the deliverance
of Carson.
It was in the midst of such dangers as these that
science was pursued by Mr. Fremont, that the
telescope was carried to read the heavens, the ba-
rometer to measure the elevations of the earth, the
thermometer to measure the temperature of the
air, the pencil to sketch the grandeur of mountains
and to paint the beauty of flowers, the pen to write
down whatever was new or strange or useful in
the works of nature; it was in the midst of such
dangers as these, and in the wildest regions of the
Farthest West, that Mr. Fremont was pursuing
science, and shunning war, when the arrival of
Lieutenant Gillespie turned him back into Califor-
nia, and engaged him in the operations which gave
rise to the bill which now claims the attention of
the Senate.
Mr. Fremont turned back to California, and ar-
rived in the valley of the Sacramento at a most
critical and exciting time. Three great operations,
fatal to American interests, were then going on,
and past remedy, if not arrested at once. These
were the massacre of the Americans and the de-
struction of their settlements in the valley of the
Sacramento, the subjection of California to British
protection, and the transfer of the public domain
to British subjects, and all with a view to antici-
pate the events of a Mexican war, and to shelter
California from the just reclamations of the United
States.
The American settlers came to the camp of Mr.
Fremont, in the valley of the Sacramento, laid ail
these dangers before him, and implored him to
place himself at their head, and save them from
destruction. General Castro was then in march
upon them; the Indians were excited to burn their
wheat fields and to attack their families. Juntas
were in session to transfer the country to Great
Britain; the public domain was passing away in
large grants to British subjects; a British fleet was
expected on the coast; the British vice-consul,
Forbes,and the emissary priest, Macnamara,ruling
and conducting everything, and all their plan| so
far advanced as to render the least delay fatal. It
was then the beginning of June. War existed be-
tween the United States and Mexico, but that was
not known in California. Mr. Fremont had left
the two countries at peace when he set out upon
his expedition, and was determined to do nothing
to disturb their relations; he had even left Califor-
nia to avoid giving offence; and to return and take
up arms in so short a time was apparently to dis-
credit his own previous conduct as well as to im-
plicate his Government. He felt all the responsi-
bilities of his position; but the actual approach of
Castro and the immediate danger of the settlers left
him no alternative. He determined to put himself
at the head of the people, and to save the country.
To repulse Castro was not sufficient. To overturn
the Mexican Governmentm California, and to es-
tablish its independence was the bold resolve,and
the only one adequate to the emergency. That
resolve was taken, and executed with a celerity
that gave itaiomantic success. The American
settlers rushed to his camp; brought their arms,
horses, and ammunition; were formed into a bat-
talion, and obeyed with zeal and alacrity the orders
they received. In thirty days all the northern part
of California was freed from Mexican authority;
independence proclaimed; tho flag of independence
(the bear flag) adopted; Castro flying to the south;
the Ameiican settlers saved from destruction; and
the British party m California counteracted and
broken up in all their schemes.
The effects of this decisive and rapid movement
can only be conceived from a careful perusal of the
depositions. From them it will be seen that deep-
laid plans, conducted by the British vice-consul,
Forbes, and the emissary priest, Macnamara, were
going on, to shelter California under the British
crown, and to vest its domain in British subjects;
lhat everything was verging toacrisis, and a Brit- ^
ish fleet expected upon the coast, when this rapid
and successful movement broke up all these de-
signs. And &hen Admiral Seymour arrived on
the 16th of July, instead of an invitation from the
California junta to take the country under British
protection, and an invitation from the grantees of
principalities to take British interests under his
protection, he found the American flag flying over
Monterey, Fremont and his riflemen encamped over
the town, the British party extinct, and the Amer-
icans triumphant. The effect which the appearance
of this daring body of western riflemen produced
| upon the minds both of the British and American
j naval officers is well stated by Lieutenant Minor
| in his deposition, and, in justice to those men as
'. well as to the truth of history, deserves to be read
: here. He
■ " The undersigned was on duty on shore when Captain
i Fremont arrived with his force at Monterey from the north.
1 The undersigned believes that the appearance of this body
! of men and the well-known character of its commander not
j only made a strong impression upon the British admiral and
' officers, hut an equally impiessive and more happy one upon
I those of the American navy then in Monterey. For himself,
1 the undersigned can say, that, after he had seen Captain
1 Fremont's command, all his doubts regarding the conquest
| of California weie lemoved."
i This is the testimony of a disinterested witness;
; one who himself, in the subsequent operations in
California, rendered good service on land, there
; being no chance fpr him on the water. It shows
that the timely and successful movement of the
j California battalion, and its sudden appearance at
Monterey, simultaneously with the arrival of the
, American and British fleets, was the turning point
j in jhe fate of California. It showed the country j
! was in arms to resist instead of asking British pro- '
1 tection; and it encouraged the navy to believe that ;
I the whole country could be conquered: for, without
a land force, the naval forces could only have ope- j
rated along the coast. l
| And here a great fact presents itself—one which ;
| these depositions have consecrated to history, and j
1 which belongs to the chapter of events which de- j
i termine the fate of countries. It is the fact that ;
! Fiemont's operations determined the action of ^
,1 Commodore Sloat, and induced him to take pos- ,
i; session ofMonteiey, contrary tohisinfention when I
■' he anchored before that«town; and thereby anti- !
f. cipated Admiral Seymour, frustrated his designs,
j! whatever they were, and induced him to leave
I' Monterey as suddenly and as mysteriously as he
had arrived. The depositions establish this fact, and :
! some reference to their contents will prove what I ;
say; and, first, of the effect of these operations in 1
; deciding the action of Commodore Sloat. It is in
j' proof that he entered the bay of Monterey as a
friend, on the 2d of July, offering to salute the
town, which the authorities declined, on the ground
that they had no powder to return it, but probably
because the British admiral was expected. On the
5th of July, the operations of Fremont were heard
of, and on the 7th, Commodore Sloat took the town.
The testimony of the naval officers (Messrs. Minor
and Wilson) and the Commodore's own corre-
spondence (pages 71) and 73) show circumstantially
il that his action was induced by hearing of these
![ operations; and the testimony of Messrs Fremont
and Gillespie pointedly prove it. Mr. Fiemont
i
! I came down to Monterey with iny command, upon the
• requestor Commodore Sloat, to codpcratc with him; and
; immediately on my arrival waited upon him, in company
with Lieutenant Gillespie, on boaid the Jugate Savannah.
Commodore Sloat appeared uneasy at tiie great responsi-
bility he iiad a-^umed. Hp mtormed me that he had applied
to Lieutenant Gillespie, whom he knew to he an agent of
I the Government, for his authouty, but that he hud declined
| to give it. He then inquired to know under what in^truc-
I tions I had acted in taking up arms against the Mexican
| authorities. I informed hun that I had acted solely on my
i own responsibility, and without any authority from the Gov-
! eminent to ju-tify hostilities. Commodore Sioat appeared
1 greatly disturbed with this information, and gave me dis-
I ttnctly to understand that in raising the flag at iMontercy lie
1 had acted upon the faith of our opuations in the north.
I Commodore Sloat soon relinquished the command to Com-
1 modore Stockton, who determined to prosecute iio&tiiities
; I to the complete conquest oi California."
jj Captain Gillespie says:
ij "In reply to the above question of the honorable commit-
| j tee, 1 beg leave to state, that at an interview between Com-
j i modore Sloat, Captain Fremont, and myself, held nu hoaid
II of the United States fiigate Savannah, lying in the haihor of
• | Monterey, in July, ib45. Commodore Sloat manifested a
ji feeling of dissatisfaction that Captain Fremont and mj.-elf
[ j had not reported ouiselves and the torce under our command
11 to liim, and •baid, addressing both, as near as I can recollect,
|! ' I do not know by what authority you are acting. 1 can du
U ' nothing. Mr. Gillespie hass told mo aothing; ho oame to
' Mazatlan, and I sent him to Monterey; but! Know rioth-
' ing. 1 want to know by what authority you are acting.
Captain Fremont replied,(he had acted upon his own au-
thority, and not from orders of the Government.' Commo-
dore Sloat then expressed much surprise and distress, and
said,41 have acted upon the faith of your operations in the
north.5
Coincident with these statements is the letter of
Commodore Sloat, of the 6th of July, to Com-
mander Montgomery, of the Portsmouth, then in
the bay of San Francisco, who had sent down a
launch with the news of Fremont's successes. The
letter is dated from the flag-ship Savannah, Bay of
Monterey, July 6, 1847:
« Since I wrote you last evening I have determined to
hoist the flag of the United States at this place to-morrow,
as i would prefer being sacrificed for doing too much thau
too little. * " If you consider that you have --uffi^ient
' fotee, or if Fremont will join vou, you will hoist the flag of
; the United States at Yerba. Buena, or any other proper place,
; and take possession, m the name of the United States,ot^
| the fort, and that portion of the crmntiy."
1 This settles the great fact that Mr. Fremont's
S operations determined the action of Commodore
j Sloat—induced him to change his mind after he had
i been four days at Monterey—encouraged him to
| take the town, and to send out orders to hoist the
j United States flag at other places. On the 16th,
Admiral Seymour, in the Collingwood,of 80 gunsj
j arrived; the frigate Juno was previously on the
j coast: the largest squadron that the British Gov-
j ernment had ever had in the Pacific Ocean was then
} there; and all the evidence combines to show that
j the object of this squadron was to watch Commo-
, dore Sloat, to follow him wherever he went, to
i anticipate him in getting to Monterey, and to be in
' readiness to take California under the British flag,
' and to do what the protection of British interests
j might require him to do. This is well and fully
! shown by the testimony. Lieut. Minor says:
"The undersigned, being in command of the southern
I! district ot California, during the latter part of 1843, was m-
foimed by Pedro C. Carnllo, (and he believes the mtorina-
tion thus obtained is tounded on facts,) that he, the ^aid Car-
nllo, was a member of a junta lhat assembled ai Santa
Earbara, in June, 1846, for the purpose of declantig the in-
dependence of California, and of asking the protection of the
■ United States or Great Britain; that the junta was repre-
sented by all of the inhabited portions of Cahlorma: that a
majority of the same were tor claiming the protection of
England ; that their resolves would probably have been ex-
ecuted had it not been for tne war and then fears of an arm-
ed force, then on thenoith side ot the bay of San Francisco,
; under the command of Captain Fremont. The und> reigned
has understood fiom other fouroe  entitled to confidence,
that a majority of the people of California desired the pro-
: tection of England : the opinion he thus formed was strength-
ened by the fact th>u an English frigate (the Juno) had,
, about the lime the junta met, landed an English subjcct
named Macnamara at Santa Baibara, of whom it was said
that he had obtained a grant from the Mexican Government
' of a large and fertile poition of California, embracing the
! whole valley of the San Joaquin, from its source to its
i mouth—a valley, as the undersigned believes, compusmg
I one-third ot tiie richest portion of California. The under-
signed believes that the British squadron in the Pacific,
commanded by Rear Admiral Sir George T. Seymour, com-
posed then of a larger force than they ever had upon that
ocean, were e*oplo>cd in closeiy watching the movements
of the Ameiican commodore. Being aware of thi- lact.
Commodore tfloat, when he heard of the first battle on the
Rio Grande, got undei way in the frigate Savannah, then
ji anchoied olf Mazatlan, for the ostensible purpose of pro-
•j ceeding to California; an English vessel of war wciirhed
! soon aitei the Savannah, and stood in the direction of San
Bias, where it was known the admiral was. After ciuising
jj m the Gulf two day?, tl.e commodore returned to his anohor-
,1 age off Mazatlan, when another English ship got under way,
and stood in the dnecuoti of San Bias. The undersigned
believes that this manosuvre of Commodore Sloat was intend-
ed tor the deception ol the English admiral. On the 8th of
June, 1846, the Savannah again made sail, and, after a pas-
sage of twenty-three days, during which a pi ess ot cam ass
was carried, she arrived at the port of Monterey, in Upper
; California- The Colhnawood, of eighty guns, the flag-ship
II of Admiral Seymour, entered the harbor on the Joth Jul\,
jj and the undersigned believes Hurt the admital was dis.ip-
! j pointed when ne saw the Ameiican flag flying on slioi e."
1, Midshipman Wilson says:
[ " On the sixteenth of the same month (July) Admiral
: Sevinour, who had been following us for H'venil months
i, previous, airived and anchored in his flag-ship, the Cohmg-
; wood, (bU.)
" Upon Ins vessel appearing in f-ight, Commodore Sloat
| sent orders, I understood, to the commander* of the diffe.r-
ii ent vessels comprising our squadron to be in readiness, in
case the adiunal should be entering vvitii ho>tile intentions,
il or an order to that efb-ot. leaving the impression on the
minds of his officers that Admiral Seymour must have in-
■! tended to have prevented our .-(jnadroni ftom taking pos-
j session of California. Although su.'h hail been our miprea-
•; M«n previously, and, hut lor the timely movemcnts of Colonel
!• Fremont and his purty in the notih, thereby influencing the
j, commodore m his movements, such I fear would have been
i the result.'"
'( This testimony, as to the presumed designs of
M the British admiral is fully corroborated by all that
M was going on in California itself while Admiral
I) Seymour was-watching and following Commodore
