1843.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
W7
Sloat on the coast of Mexico and California. Du- jj with Dr. Marsh. When I arrived at Mar hfr, r learned thy
ring all that time juntas were held, under the man-
agement of the British vice-consul, Forbes, to place
tfie country under British protection; the public
domain was passing away to British subjects; the
arrival of a British fleet in the course of the sum-
mer to take possession of California was confidently
foretold; and, as a preliminary to this measure, the
expulsion and destruction of the Americans was
resolved upon, the banda or proclamation for their
expulsion actually issued, and troops raised and
Indians excited for their destruction. The ex-
pected arrival of the British fleet connected itself
with all these operations; and all these would have
been successful had it not been for the success of
Mr. Fremont and the people, and so says all the
testimony. There is too much of it to read; and,
besides, a part of this labor has been anticipated,
and well performed, in the luminous and states-
manlike observations of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dtx,] in what he presented to the Sen-
ate a few days ago in favor of this bill, and in his
exposition of British designs upon this continent.
* He read some passages from the depositions which
show these designs in California. 1 wdl now read
more for the same purpose, and especially to show
that a British interesL was to be created, to claim
his protection as soon as the admiral arrived, and
the Americans to be expelled or destroyed to pre-
sent their opposition:
Captain Gillespie's deposition.—Extract.
"Having joined Lieutenant Colonel Fremont upon tile
9th May, 1846, upon the northern end of the Tlaimuh lake,
T returned with him to the valley of the Sacramento, and
arrived at the settlements upon the 24th of the same month.
We could obtain no news from below; so soon, howevci,
as it became known to the settlers that Captain Fi6mont
had returned, they came to the camp, bringing us the inhu-
mation that the Indians of the valley were leaving their
raochos or wigwains and fl) mg to the mountain*. In some
places, they had .-hown a very hostile terliug, arid certainly
had been aroused by some foieign cnimary. Remaining at
Lawson's two days, we proceeded down Hie valley, and on
arriving at Neai and Outton's, upon Deer cieek, the icpoits
we had received were confirmed; the Indians in that section
having taken to the mountains, and had killed an Indian
boy In the employ of Mr. Dutton because fie had refused to
follow them. On the day the camp remained at this place,
the settlers, old and young, men and woineu, came to Cap-
tain Fremont, begiiing him to take part against the Indians,
and to give them protection.
« About1 June 30th, I learned ttjat the junta which was to
have assembled at Santa Barbara upon the I5th June, and
which had been planned and arranged by and through the
ftecttcy of Mr. Forbes, the British vice-consul, and an Irish
Catholic priest by the name of Maenamara, had been pre-
vented from assembling in consequence of the rising of the
settlers. This junta was proposed for the purpose of asking
the protection of England, and of giving an immense tract
of land in the valley of the  San Joaquin for the seitlement
of ten thousand Irishmen, fo be hi might to California under
the direction of Maenamara. All thus intrigue of British
agents was broken up by the timely and prompt operations
of the settlors, under the direction of Captain Figiuout."
Captain Hensley's deposition.—Extract.
"I am a resident in California, where I have resided smcc
the autumn of 18-13. In the month of May, lt*4o, I went to
San Francisco, where I met witfrGoneial Vallejo, one ot
the'most prominent and influential men in Upper California.
I understood from him That lie had recently attended a con-
vention, composed of General Castro, himself, and five
others, delegates from the different districts m California, at
which the proposition had been made and debated to sepa-
rate from Mexico and establish a government in California,
' under the protection of some foreign Power, believed by us
to be England; but, as *he General positively stated, the
majority was not in tavor ot placing the country under the
■protection of the United Stales, though he himself was.
General Vallejo was of course guaidcd n; conversing on so
dangerous a object as tins was at that nme; hut the above
is the subsywee of Ills' remarks, as understood by m> sell
and others who heard them.
"About this time I heard that Captain Fremont had re-
turned frSm the northward, and was then in the upper part
of the Sacramento valley. I~immediately repaired to ins
camp, where I mtormed him of aU that £ had learned re-
specting the condition of the country and the de&igiia of the
leadin  men among the Californians, giving it as my opinion
that theAm^rican residents would have to leave the coun-
try or flghp- for their homes; at the same time saying I was
sure we would not leave the country.
"Captain Fremont resolved to join the Americans for
their salety, and to overthrow the Mexican Jtorces in that
^^The4th of July was duly celebrated, and on the 5th we
organized the 'California battalion,' adopting the 4 grizzly
bear'as our emblem, requesting Cfiptufn Fi^mont to take
command of the battalion, and of all the forces and resources
of the country, which command he accepted. As soon as
it was known that Captain Fremont had accepted the com-
mand the California!! population seemed to become well
nlea«('d with the change in affairs, fcidbrOughtm their prop-
erty and means of warfare, which they placed at Frtmonft
di*nosal. He restored to them and to the Ametican settlers
all" the horses which had been previously captured or pressed
into the service by the Americans, retaining only a number
sufficient for the actual wants of the service. He then set
out with the battalion in pursuit of Castro, by way of the
* Sacramento, sending me with a small party to communicate
war had been declared between the United States and Mex-
ico, and that Commodore Sloat-had arrived at Monterey and
raised the American flag. Returning with this intelligence,
I found that Captain Fremont had already learned it, and
was on his way to Monterey. I followed and joined him at
the mission of San Juan, near Monterey."
Captain Chile's statement.—Extract.
" I know that General Vallejo left Sonoma for the pur-
pose of attending a general council at Monterey, about the
time the Irish priest, Maenamara, arrived in California, and
a short time before the revolution in that country; and I re-
collect hearing that the English consul, Mr. Forbes, accom-
panied him to the Puebla de los Angeles, for the purpose of
seeing the Governor in relation to obtaining a grant ot land,
upon which it was said a colony of British subject* was to
be established.
"The revolution, to the bestfof my knowledge, put an
entire stop to such grants and sales." ■
Captain Owen's deposition.—Extract.
" The settlers made many applications for help to Captain
Fremont, on the ground that they weic American citizens.
We went down and camped at the Buttes, about sixty miles
above Outer's. There was agooddeal of correspondence be-
tween the settlers and our camp, and as the danger seemed
near at hand, and there was no other way to get out ot it, it
was finally agreed to join the settlers and fight the Califor-
nians. In this way the revolution began. The s.culers were
driven to it in self-defence. But I do not think that it would
have taken place, or that they could have been united to-
gether without the aid and protection of Captain Filmont.
They had not confidence enough in their own strength to
undertake the war without support. Captain Fremont's
party was strong and well armed, and went together like one
man. The strength of this party and the name of Captain
Fremont as a United States officer, gave confidence and kept
the people together both during the revolution and in the war
afterwards."
Lieutenant's Loker's deposition.-—Extract.
" About the time Castro was raising men to drive Colonel
Fr6rnont out of the country, I was staying at Sater's Foit. m
the Sacramento valley; there was also a considerable num-
ber of American settlers around and near the ioif, and Cas-
tro's movements created a good deal of excitement, .so much
so that many of them wanted to go to Fi^niont's assistance
immediately, and would have u« nn had not the Colonel and
Ins party ai rived on the American lork. Alter he had left
for the Tlainath lake there was a good deal of talk about
England taking possesion of the country, and imuij foreign-
ers of the highe&t standing in the country averted that they
knew that England had a mortgage on it; and that a Butish
man-ot-war was on the northwe&i coast, and would be down
in the course of the summer to take possesion of California.
Soon after Colonel Fremont left, Major Gillespie arrived,
started after, and brought him back; then commenced the
revolution, which, had he not countenanccd and aided, I
know not what would have been the consequences to the
American settlers, (women and children included;) for, just
before his return, there was a meeting of the principal men
of the country at Monterey; they there thought it advisable
to order all foreigners to leave the country, and published a
' baivbt to that effect, ordering all foreigners to leave the coun-
try by a certain day, or force would be used to compel them
to leave* women and-children were included in the bamsh-
meut; and Colonel Fremont returning in the country about
that time, and finding the men in the valley much excited,
and the alarm of the women, could not have acted otherwise
than he did."
Dr. Baldwin's deposition.—Extract.
"I again entered Mexico (city) on the Mill of September,
1847, and remained there until the J*tof Novembei; during
that tune I made the acquaintance of the priest Macnumai a,
and, from souices entitled to ciedir, 1 was mtmnied that ho
had, under the auspices of thettritwh legation, piojectcd a
plan to colonize Calilorma with emigrants ftoni IieJand. His
project had met the appiobationofthe Mexican Government,
ami ho went to California to perfect hi-  plans. In the meau
time it was ascertained that the ulterior views of Maena-
mara were to promote the interest ofthe British Government,
and not the Mexican Government. A fierce opposition was
contemplated by the republican mcmbeis of Congress when
he should return with his matured plans from California;
this resistance became unnecessary in'consequence of the
conquest of California by the arms of the United Spates,
Maenamara lived in the family of either the British consul
orcharg6 d'affaires m Mexico."
This is a part—a small part only—of the depo-
sitions which establish the great points which I
have mentioned, that there was a plan in progress
at the time of Mr. FrSmont's return from the Tla-
math lake, to place California under British pro-
tection—to transfer the public domain to British
subjects, and to expel or destroy all the American
settlers; and that this plan was frustrated by the
heroic determination ot Mr. Fremont to put him-
self at the head of the people, and to overturn the
Mexican Government in California. But it is not
all the proof which shows the British desire to
possess California, and especially the magnificent
bay of San Francisco. That desire is no new pas-
sion with that Power. From the time of the great
navigator, Captain Cook, her eyes have been fixed
on the northwest coaat of America. Three times,
within half a century, have British national vessels
surveyed that coast, and especially the bay of San
Francisco. Vancouver, Beechey, and Belcher,
have each surveyed, it, and the bay itself, with all
the particularity .of the survey of a British harbor.
Here is a chart of this bay made by Beeciiery
in 1828, published at. tlfe Royal .Hydrograpliie
Bureau, exhibiting the most commodipus and capa- .
cious harbor upon the face of the earth, large
enough to hold all the navies of the -world, an
and defensible entrance from the sea, opening out
forty miles to the right and left, sheltered from
every wind, receiving two handsome rivers, drain-
ing a basin of five hundred miles of fertile ^alleys
and picturesque mountains, a healthy, and de-
lightful climate, and backed at the distance of one
hundred and twenty miles by the lofty ridge of
the Sierra Nevada, crowned with eternal snow.
.Upon this bay Great Britain has had her eyes fixed
for half a century; and, in June, 1846, at the mo-
ment of Mr.' Fremont's return from the Tiamath
lake, all her long-deferred and cherished inclina-
tions seemed to be on the point of realization. The
revolt of the settlers frustrated this ripened hope,
in the apparent moment of fruition, and placed the
coveted prize under the flag of the United States.
This finishes the first act of the conquest of Cal-
ifornia, It finishes the revolutionary movement
in favor of independence, and brings Mr. Frgmont
and his victorious battalion to Montersy—their flag
of independence exchanged for that of the United
States—themselves uniting with the naval forces,
and turning over all the fruits of their successful
enterprise to the Government of the United States.
The committee, appreciating at its full value all
the importance of this revolutionary movement,
both as it concerns nations and individuals, and
the truth of history, have instituted into it a most
Searching examination; and the result is what
I have stated, and what the document of evidence
proves. And their opinion was unanimous, that
although this movement was made without the
authority or knowledge of the Government, and
without the knowledge that war existed at the time
between the United Slates and Mexico, yet such
being the fact, and the United States having re-
ceived all the benefits of the movement, they are
bound in honor and in conscience to pay all its
expenses.
Commodore Sloat returned to the United Slates;
Commodore Stockton succeeded to the command;
and here commenced his connection with the con-
quest of California. He proposed to complete the
conquest by pursuing Castro to the south, and
taking the " City of the Angels." But the aid of a
land Force was indispensable to this enterprise; and
here the American settlers again showed their
courage and patriotism. Commodore Stockton
applied to Fiemont and Gillespie to join with their
battalion—to serve under him, and obey his orders.
They agreed to do so, both men and officers,'and
this was fully sworn by Commodore Stockton
before the late court martial. Oil receiving the
command from Commodore Sloat, he says:
" I immediately hem to Major Fi6niont to inform him of
what had oceiuud, and lu let hnnknow that.il he and Lieu-
tenant Gillespie, with the volunteer who were with them,
would vohmteer to serve under my command, so long as
1 mi<rht be in possession of Calilorma and desired their her-
viccs, that 1 would form a battalion by appointing him (Cap-
tain Fi^inont) major,and LieutenantGillespie captain, ana
all the other necessary officers. This was all done in the
course of the day cuid the next morning, when they wero
ordered to embark on board the United States ship Cyane.
to be landed at San Diego. These men were not of the kind-
of personnel which sometimes compose regular armies; tn^y
were principally free American citizens who had settled m
California; they were men of respectability, of influence,
and of property; they were no ordinary men, because, when
told that I hud offered them as pay ten dollars a month, they
said <as I was told) that they would not accept that pay; that
it would not pavlheir expenses; but that they would volun-
teer to serve under my command without (tixed) compen-
sation." , _ _
Thus the men of the battalion passed into the
service of the United States without a stipulation
for fixed compensation, but with the lull expecta-
tion that justice would be done them. Mr. FrS-
mont, actuated wholly by public and patriotic
considerations, took command under Commodore
Stockton. His influence carried along with him
the whole of the battalion. He gave up his tnde-
pendent position; became subordinate to Commo-
dore .Stockton; carried with him. the men of me
country, and ensured the complete conquest .ot tne
country; for,* without land forces, the conquest
could not hav.e been accomplished v ,
This was the last of July. Wing their horses .
on shore, the men immediately went hoard the
Cyane, sailed down th\c°^ An Jeles""^!3
♦ft San Diep-o. and marched-for Angeles, a s-
tan^ one lufndred and fifty miles. This city (the
capital of the Califo.;mw) waS taken early in Au-
gust.: iasi;with.its e*j>Wr« the conquest of Califor-
