612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
was to go to Massachusetts, this unconstitutional
provision of her law would make him an exile from
her soil so long as it was continued 
Mr, DUER (interposing) inquired if the gen-
tleman contended that if a slaveholder took his
slaves into one of the free States, and the law of
- that State made him free, that it was unconstitu-
tional ?
Mr. BAYLY replied, it was unnecessary for
the purposes of his argument to take that position;
he hadwot taken it, and should not argue it.
Mr. DUER wished, as he was upon the floor, to
make one remaik; and (Mr. B. yielding) said he
had understood the gentleman yesterday to say
that there were- laws in force in New York pro- |
hibiting the immigration or restraining the immi- j
gration of free blacks into that State. He wished j
to inform the gentleman that there were no such j
laws. - |
Mr. BAYLY (continuing) said, the House i
would recollect, in the remarks he had made in ief- ;
erenee to the legislation in the non-slavehoiding I
States prohibiting free negroes going into their |
limits, he had not undertaken particularly to point ;
out the States that had done it. He knew Illinois I
had lately done it; he believed Pennsylvania had; j
and he had been under the impression that New i
York had. But, be that as it might, many States |
had. He told the gentleman from New York that ;
a former member from his own State in arguin  I
the Wilmot proviso, referring to the recommenda" !
tion of the Governor of Virginia to expel from her '
borders all the free negro population, in very bitter |
remarks had said that Virginia should keep her
own free negro population, and that New York
would go to war sooner than permit them to come
■ into that State and settle.
Mr. DUER. He spoke for himself probably.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the gentleman from New
York if they do not require some security against
their going on to the parish or something of that
soi t?
Mr. DUER. None in the world.
Air. BAYLY (resuming) said, whether or not
it was a law upon the statute-book, it was the law !
of public opinion, which was still stronger. f
Look to OhiO'—a State which had more abolition
Representatives on this ffoor perhaps than any other I
—what had she dune in relation to the Randolph 'I
negroes? At his death he emancipated them, and j| express authority to exclude," absolutely" all the
male p'oii.yon tuat land should be purchased for ii free-negro population. That amendroent'had been
them to settle on. executors went into Ohio ]; submitted to the people, and adopted by an over-
'Or, tnat purpose; no objection |; whelming majority; and a separate vote being
• taken upon the exclusion of all the free-negro pop-
ulation, it had been adopted by several thousand
[a voice: " ten thousand "] majority
Virginia, that it was the act of a mob—inhuman
and detestable.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said he was very sorry
that this debate had been prolonged to such an ex-
tent. He had said when he rose that he should
not occupy more than five minutes, and he should
not have done so but for these repeated interrup-
tions.
Mr. FICKLIN here rose and requested the gen-
tleman to give way for a moment.
Mr. BAYLY, after some hesitation, assented;
remarking, however, that he could not give way
any more to anybody. [A laugh.]
Mr. FICKLIN proceeded to say that he had not
understood the early part of the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia in regard to those free
States which had excluded, or legislated with ref-
erence to excluding, the free negro population from
their borders. He found that his friend from Ohio
seemed to repel the idea that his State, as a State,
had taken steps to exclude the free negro popula-
tion; and his friend from Virginia, in the course of
his remarks, had said something about Illinois as
being one,of those States which had had legislation
of that sort on the subject. He wished to inquire
of the gentleman whether he had intended to say it
was improper or proper on the part of those States,
as he had not understood him on this point?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that he had not the slight-
est doubt of the constitutional power of those States
to pass those laws; and, if they esteemed them
wise, he was the last man on the face of the earth
to express any difference of opinion with them. It
wus a subject for them to determine for themselves.
His own impression was, if he resided in one of
the free States, he should be opposed to the intro-
duction of free negroes there; certainly, he was
very much opposed to the introduction of them in
Virginia. He had expressed no disapprobation
of those laws.
Mr. FICKLIN (again interposing, and Mr. B.
yielding) would say to his friend from Virginia,
ji that for a number of years past the legislation of
(! Illinois had looked to the exclusion of the free-
! negro population by imposing restrictions upon
tneji* ingress into that State. Very recently, how-
ever, there had been a convention of the State; the
constitution had been amended, and a provision
ligent man, told him his condition in Ohio was in-
finitely worse as a free man than it had been in
North Carolina as a slave. " Sir,'' said he, " there
1 had a master to protect me; nobody undertook
to encroach on my rights; nobody undertook
to wrong me in any respect; if they did, 1 had a
man of character to vindicate me. But here, any
petty fellow in the neighborhood would undertake
to oppress us in every form and style, and we
cannot have justice done us." And when he sold
the Iand, as he did sell it, he sold it with the encum-
brance; and, when this man found it out, he told
him (Mr. B.) to put in some stipulation to protect
his crops. He (Mr. B.) told him he did not wish
to become involved in the matler. The negro re-
plied, that if he did not put in such an express
stipulation they would seize his crops. From this
fellow he had been confirmed in the idea which he
had before entertained, that in manumitting a slave
he ceased to be the slave of an individual master
who would protect him, and became the slave of
the community at large.
One other fact he would relate. He had been
told that the free negroes in Ohio would not go up
to the gentleman's district; that they were all
hanging down about ChiKcothe and that part of
the county peopled by citizens from the slavehold-
ing States. They said: "These Kentuckians and
Virginians understand us; they treat us well; they
respect our rights;" but the very moment one of
them was found in the abolition districts, he was
oppressed in every form and style.
Mr. GENTRY, (in his seat.) And cheated.
Mr_. BAYLY, (continuing.) And cheated, as
his friend from Tennessee said; he had not seen
fit to use that word.
Look into the statistics of the gentleman's State*
(Mr. B. continued.) How many negroes were
there in Ross county, which was peopled by Ken-
tuckians and Virginians ? His own impression was,
that there were one thousand, perhaps seventeen,
or eighteen hundred. But go to the northwestern
reserve, and how many were there? They had ar>
instinct which pointed out to them from whom they
might expect respect for their rights and kindness.
| It was those men wii o had been raised among slaves,
I who treated them with kindness and justice.
One other point. The gentleman from Massa-
and bought lands
v/as made to the purchase oY the lands, but when
they undertook to settle en their lands, were the
rights of freemen sacred to them? Were they not
mobbed? Did not almost an army of armed men
beset the canal banks on which they were floating?
And a gentleman from that State, not now here",
wno%vas so active in all these abolition movements,
maintained, with many, that they were right in not
. letting the free negroes settle there to contaminate
their society; yet these free negroes would not be
Mr. BAYLY ( resuming) remarked, it was prop-
that he should say that most, he believed all,
of the delegation from Illinois—perhaps he did
jj wrong in saying all, but he knew it was true in
| j reference to most of them—were acting towards
I the South on this subject in a spirit very different
from the spirit in which Ohio and other States were
one to twenty thousand of their population, while ji acting. At the same time that thev would not ner
the same gentlemen would be glad to set loose the   —- ■ - - - - - ■ tney not per-
„e r-.- [! nut liee negroes to be carried into their States, they
waole of tae black population m V irginia and the | j wei e trying to force their own upon others. Ohio,
through some of her members here, did that, if
other southern States, where they, in many parts,
outnumbered the whites. This was their philan-
thropy, and their love for the negro '
Mr. GIDDINGS wished to say one word on
that point; and (Mr. b. yielding the floor) observ-
ed that the act of a mob m the district represented
by his colleague [Mr. Sawyer] should not be an-
iens  encraUv" TheactoffhatmS^v'' t0,|itscit" ij them v.-hich, if they were citizens, as they were
>ok the re*rw.n«h;i;„, u'f '! not-for tiiey were not a party to the constitutional
said he took the responsibility of it; he (Mr fi 1 ii mnn.,i , ,•> . «, '  v. 
was aware of that; and he had only risen fiv-o f,°'Tipact' there ore they were not citizens-
purpose of throwing it entiiely from the S'ate as h !' tfeT T ! t0e7 We'"e Cltlzens> as
State, and from the" people as a people. It was a !i ' * 6muerS here were unconsutu-
nitstf, find \\ hen Jit.* gentleman from Virginia culled it
a mob, his own heart responded to the truth which
he asserted. It was a mob; one with which the
people of that State had no sympathy whatev
/in Tir Ii >/-> U fT-iy, vn_ t „ _C  * a n. i \
hid been included in it which gave the Legislature j1 chusetts had undertaken to come before this House
and say that he (Mr. B.) did not represent the en-
lightened opinions of his district or State on this
subject. He would like to know how the gentle-
man found it out, and how he assumed to know
their opinions better than he, (Mr. B.) It was
the same arrogant assumption of superiority which
I had led the gentleman to undertake to decide that
he was wiser in reference to the subject of slavery
than" he (Mr.-B.) was. But he would decide this
question by the Representatives of Virginia. If
there wasany gentleman, Whig or Democrat,from
Virginia who said that, in the remarks he had made
relating to the question of slavery, he had not rep-
resented the feelings of ins State, he demanded that-
| he should rise in his place and say so.
j Mr. B. here paused, and, no gentleman rising,
j hj; asked if there was not one Representative from
I "V irginia, whether he be Whig or Democrat, who
[ would back the gentleman from Massachusetts in
; his assertion that he (Mr. B.) had misrepresented
; the feelings of his State ? He called again, if there
j was any such gentleman, to rise and avow it. Mr.
| B. again paused for a moment.
Mr. ATKINSON rose and (Mr. B. yielding)
said he had heard with great pleasure the remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia, his worthy col-
league. As the Representative of the first Con-
gressional district ofVirginia in this House, he
(Mr. A.) unhesitatingly declared that the senti-
ments expiessed by his colleague were according
to the views of the people whom he had the honor
to represent; he betieved, moreover, that his col-
j tiis laws of Ohio did not absolutely forbid free
negroes going there to settle, they did require secu-
rity from them; they did throw embarrassments
upon them, which were sometimes impossible to
be overcome, which they did not in reference to
white people. They made laws in reference to
one on which the people of that State looked with I
deep .unutterable abhorrence; one on which they had j
placed their seal of condemnation, as he believed - !
and whose procedure they held in detestation and' |
m violation of all the principles of humanity and of
the laws of tne iand. He knew his colleague [Mr.
Sawyer] thought differently. He(Mr.G.)hadon!y
expressed what the people generally felt in his part
of the State, and what he thought the people of the
whole State generally felt and had expressed. He
responded to the sentiment of the gentleman from
tional.
But he had been a great deal in Ohio, and, for
the benefit of the gentleman from Ohio, he would
tell him some facts which he knew existed there
in reference to the free-negro population. When
he was out there m 1845, he had found a large
colony of emancipated slaves from North Caro-
lina colonized on one of his surveys. They had
gone there, as they had told him themselves when
league had spoken the views of the people of Vii
ginia, bosh Whigs ami Democrats.
He would say one word more while he was or 
this subject: that, so well were they satisfied with
the condition of slavery in that portion ofVirginia
in which he lived, even the negroes themselves
, r • 'i A \ i * i hjvhwvum wjjcu u in \vJill
i an/nvtl;n';' „ !3!n'b^iluse,heW£ s a slaveholder ![ would rise up against the abolitionists if they were
' inch n mftti H w tnerefore with I to go among them and promulgate the doctrines he
' they nrefrr W ny,l J,°t,U f ,eSCaPe °PPr<f; and ! had heard advanced by them upon this floor,
j art/ J e (v . ' 5 going on the lands of Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said the Representa-
I . At ton' any 0l ^ie non-slave- jj tives from Virginia all either openly or tacitly ie-
i rnpn* *p>tu ° SC u conversed with these j pudiated the chaise of the gentleman from Massa-
) em, who was an exceedingly intel- II chusetts that he had misrepresented hia State
