1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
He had but one more topic on which he should
now touch. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] had charged that Massachusetts had vio-
lated the* Constitution of the United States; and
with what strength of argument? Upon what le-
gal authority did he base his accusation? The
House would be able to decide that question after
hearing both sides of the argument. And there
.was another side. The same article of the same
section of the Constitution which provided for the
recovery of fugitive slaves had this provision in it,
standing first in the order of time:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Who had been the most faithful to that portion
of the Constitution? Virginia might make any
question she chose; Massachusetts might do the
same. Massachusetts had given to the negro man
the right of citizenship. She had made him a cit-
izen of her Commonwealth; but, when he went to
other States on board of a ship from Massachu-
setts, was he treated as a citizen of Massachusetts?
He could go from her ports with the privileges of
an American citizen to Prance, England, Russia,
or China, or wherever else a sail could carry him,
and in all he would receive protection; everywhere
the flag of our Union announced hirn and guarded
him as an American citizen. But, if he went to
the slave States of the South, he would be thrown
into prison, on no other charge except that he was
guilty of a skin not colored like our own. Let a
colored citizen of Massachusetts go to the repub-
lican State of Virginia, and the moment he arrived
there in any one of her harbors, he would be ar-
rested and imprisoned by virtue of her laws, for
no crime but that of complexion. What, then,
became of the regard of Virginia for the Consti-
tution of the United States? Had the citizens of
Massachusetts the same privileges within her
limits as Virginia claimed for her own citizens
elsewhere? Had they the protection of her laws
or of our constitution? Was the colored citizen
of Massachusetts recognized? No; on the con-
trary, when Massachusetts, by her constituted
authorities, for the purpose of testing the legality
and constitutionality of those provisions of her
Jaws before the highest tribunal known to this
Union; when she had sent respectable citizens
within the limits of one of the slave States, for the
purpose of testing in a peaceable manner, through
their own courts, and by an appeal to tho Supreme
Court of the United States, the constitutionality
and legality of such laws, they had been mobbed,
and driven from those cities at the risk of their
lives. He cared not now to go into a comparison
of this kind, unless he were challenged to it; but
the gentleman JYoin Virginia would iind that com-
parisons might be drawn on one side as well as on
the other. There were (lurk shades upon the pic-
ture from which it might not be so pleasant that
the veil should be lifted.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman from
Missouri to give him an opportunity to say a few
words. He had been placed in a false attitude be-
fore the House, which he did not choose to occupy;
and it would beexceedingly discourteous to deprive
him of the privilege to net himself right.
Mr. HALL said he would withdraw the motion
if the gentleman from Virginia would pledge him-
self to renew it.
Mr. BAYLY replied that he would do so.
Mr. HALL accordingly withdrew his motion.
Mr. BAYLY said he should not have asked the
indulgence of the House again if it had not been
for the character of some of the remarks which
had fallen from the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. AsHmun.] He, however, thought it neces-
sary for his own justification to refer to some of
the remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who had stated that he (Mr. B.) commenced this
debate. Now, would not this House bear him
witness that he had not opened his hps on the sub-
ject; that he had not evinced a disposition to say a
word until the amendment had been offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and after the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] had made his
exceedingly inflammatory speech, in which he had
attacked the South with great bitterness ?
Mr. ASHMUN said he must set the gentleman
right. He had not charged the gentleman from
Virginia with introducing the subject of slavery,
for that was introduced by the resolution itself, or
by the amendment which he had offered, or by the
President's message, he cared not which. But he
had charged the gentleman with introducing per-
sonal denunciations, and to those personal .denun-
ciations he (Mr. A.) had replied.
Mr. BAYLY said the gentleman was greatly in
error, as the House would bear him testimony.
Before the gentleman from Ohio had made his vin-
dictive speech against the South, in which he had
denounced them, and spoken of them in terms
which no- southern member could listen to un-
moved—but for that course of debate, which had
been commenced by the gentleman from Ohio in
the advocacy of the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, which was in itself offensive
to the South, and not till after that, had he opened
his mouth.
Mr. GIDDINGS must set the gentleman right.
He had not introduced any personal denunciations
into this debate.
Mr. BAYLY reiterated his denial that he had
introduced this personal debate. He asked the
gentlemen to look at their own resolutions. Those
resolutions were personal to him as a southern
man, and to every slaveholder there. They were
charged with living in the habitual violation of car-
dinal republican principles. Such was the char-
acter of their resolutions, and the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio which brought him to his
feet were of Ihe most offensive character. And
who had renewed the debate to-day? Was it he,
(Mr. B. ?)
But the gentleman from Massachusetts had spo-
ken of his manner as habitually supercilious and
discourteous. He did not choose to vindicate his
manners there. His manners were learned in a
different school than that in which thote of the
gentleman from Massachusetts were learned; and,
whenever he wished to improve them, he should
go to a better model than the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. Whenever he desired lessons and lec-
tures on manners, he should not select the gentle-
man from Massachusetts as the lecturer. His
manners are such, he hoped, as became a Virginia
gentleman.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts had made
another charge, referring to him personally, which
was equally unfounded. He had charged him with
discourtesy. Now, he appealed to this House—
he appeale'd to the gentleman's own colleague, who
had renewed the debate this morning, [Mr. Pai.-
fuey]—whether he [Mr. Abhmitn] had received at
his hands anythinghke discourtesy ? He appealed
to this House to know if on every occasion, when
requested, he had not yielded tho floor to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and every other gen-
tleman who had desired it? He appealed even to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] whose
course was so constantly offensive to the South—
who charged them with being men-thieves, and
applied to them other abusive epithets which his
imagination alone could conceive. Abusive as his
conduct was to the South, he asked if he had not
treated eveil him with courtesy, and yielded the
floor to h'un for explanation when he had desired
it. If he had not, let that gentleman say so. He
called upon any member of the committee to say
that, either in the House or out of the House, he
had treated him with other than courtesy.
Mr. GIDDINGS here said he would do the
gentleman justice, as he would do all others on
that floor.' He had thought that in the gentle-
man's first speech, delivered on Monday last, he
was very discourteous. He had on that occasion
thought him to be personal in his remarks; and on
reading his speech, as reported in the paper, he
considered his language aa exceedingly offensive.
He so understood it. But to-day the gentleman's
course had certainly been very courteous towards
him.
Mr. BAYLY would put the charge of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to the test. Throw-
ing the gentleman and his immediate coadjutors
out of the question, (who were not to be a judge
in their own cause, and to whom he had not sought
to be courteous,) he would appeal to the whole
committee and ask if any one present could rise
and say he had received discourtesy at Mr. B.'s
hands?" [After a pause]—Not one! Then what
became of the gentleman's charge that he had
been habitually supercilious and haughty ? It was
stamped with the unanimous disapprobation of the
House.
Again: the gentleman, in his great desire to
place him in a disadvantageous light before the
country, bad said that he had lauded Mr. Ritchie,
and that in turn Mr. Ritchie had lauded him. He
demanded of all gentlemen present to say whether
lie had used a solitary expression laudatory of Mr.
Ritchie—in any way expressive of approbation or
applause? Would any gentleman say he had?
[After a pause.] Not one! What then became
of that charge? Like the other, it was stamped
with universal disapprobation.
The gentleman had affirmed that he had said he
[Mr. A.] had taken a week to concoct his speech,
while Mr. B. had only asked the attention of the
Committee to make an impromptu rejoinder. -In
speaking of the time thcgentleman from Massachu-
setts had taken to prepare himself, to what had he re-
ferred ? Was it the personalities of the gentleman,
or was it not to the substance, the facts and argu-
ments of his speech, and the authorities he had
quoted ? Certainly tcj its substance, if there was
any in it, and nothing else. He had not, of course,
referred to its personalities. He had not presumed
to say that the gentleman could not at any mo-
ment get up and abuse a fellow-member. By no
means: he knew him too well. Abuse was low
and easy; and he never had said that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was not ready at any
time to utter it. What he had referred to was the
substance of his speech—his historical facts and
references to books. These were what he had
said the gentleman had taken a week to prepare;
and so the committee understood him.
The gentleman had attempted to put him in a
false position. He affirmed that he (Mr. B.) had
said the United States Government had a right to
command State officers to perform certain duties,
and had argued to show that this position was
false. That was very easy. Buthe never had taken
that position. He never had asserted that Con-
gress could make laws controlling State officers as
such. Congress might (as it had done in 1793,
and on many other occasions) impose certain du-
ties on men who were State officers, but not as offi-
cers of the Stale, but simply as citizens of the Uni-
ted States. His reference to certain State officers
in the United States law was simply designatio per-
sona. They were made by the law, quoad hoc, Uni-
ted States officers. And thus much Congress always
had exercised the right to do. It was done in some
of the United States revenue laws, which required
sheriffs and other State officers in the States, with-
out other personal designation, to perform certain
duties relative to the payment and collection of the
revenue and other subjects; but when they so acted
in obcdiencc to the law of the United States, they
virtually held two offices, one under the State and
one under the United States. There were many
other cases he could quote where the laws of the
United States availed themselves of State officers
for their execution.
Another point he (Mr. B.) had made was this:
not that the United States Government could con-
trol State officers, as such, but that the State Legis-
latures had no right to pass laws controverting the
laws of the Union, constitutionally passed, though
they might legislate practically to strengthen and
carry them more fully into effect. But Massachu-
setts had passed laws directly contravening the law
of Congress as well as the Constitution. He should
not allow, himself to be misrepresented. He had
no doubt that his remarks made here would be
correctly reported; and the gentleman was wholly
mistaken in his prediction that ho never should
write them out in full and publish them.
The gentleman had further said that Virginia and
South Carolina had violated the Constitution, in
forbidding free negroes to come within their bor-
ders. The gentleman affirmed that free negroes
were citizens of Massachusetts. Did not the gen-
tleman know that almost all the courts in the whole
country had decided that free, negroes were not
citizcns ? They held that, as they were not parties
to the constitutional compact, as they had had no
hand either in its formation or subsequent admin-
istration, they were not citizens in view
the Supreme Court had decided that the States
might prohibit free negroes from coming into their
borders by virtue of their exclusive jurisdiction
over every subject of police, exactly as they might
exclude vagabonds and evil-disposed persons. But,
even if these laws were violations of the Constitu-
tion, which he expressly denied, who had driven
the southern States to the adoption of such laws?
Did not that gentleman well know that if there was
