184B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jipril 11, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 22d
January, 1847, in relation to certain inquiries con-
cerning the grants of public lands offered for sale
at given periods; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a me-
morial from John S. Skinner, of the city of New
York, praying, in behalf of the agriculturists of
the country, an appropriation of money, to be ap-
plied under the direction of the State Governments,
or as Congress may otherwise direct, to the estab-
lishment of institutions for instruction in geology,
mineralogy, and vegetable and animal physiology,
in civil engineering as applied to road making,
bridge building, and other rural architecture, and
to instruction in the mechanical.principles on which
depend the labor-saving properties and efficiency
of agricultural implements and machinery.
In presenting this paper, Mr. J. said he could
but express his gratification that it should have
been committed to his charge. The memorialist
himself (said Mr. J.) is not only known, but justly
distinguished for the zeal, ability, and efficiency
■with which, for a period of near thirty years, he
has pursued and promoted the great cause of agri-
cultural science. It may, I think, with truth be
said, that its present improved condition amongst
us is more or less to be attributed to his long and
continued efforts. He has not only been its first
pioneer, but he has been throughout and still is in
the advance, earnestly striving to remove all re-
maining obstructions, and to bring it to a state of
ultimate perfection. Such is his object in the pres-
ent memorial; and if he succeeds, as, looking to
the real honor and interest of the nation, I trust he
■will, what incalculable benefit will he have confer-
red upon the country! Military glory may cause
the nation's heart to beat high with gratitude, but
it more often dazzles to delude than ends in per-
manent strength and renown. It is the achieve-
ments of civil life which impart to human power
its highest value; and, of all the departments of
civil employment, the most worthy, the most to be
cherished, and especially under a government like
ours, is agriculture. To say nothing of the incal-
culable value of its productions, capable as they
are, too, of continued increase by the proper intel-
lectual improvement of its followers, what strength
is not given to free institutions by the uniform and
almost neccssary virtue of such a population.
And yet, sir, whilst millions have been and arc
Still being expended by us for the arts which teach
the destruction of life, how much has been given
to this noblest of all sciences, which instructs only
to promote, to prolong, and to vender life happy
and virtuous? Nothing, literally nothing. Sir,
the memorialist states, and I have such confidence
in his accuracy that I am sure the statement may
be relied upon, that of the amount of the disburse-
ments of the Government, eighty per cent, is for
military and naval expenses; that is to say, eighty
dollars of every one hundred dollars paid by the
people into the treasury, is appropriated to the
Keeping up our military establishments and prepa-
rations for war; whilst for agriculture, which
exists only for peace, and through peace, which
brings no wo, but only immense good,?iol one dol-
lar is given. He reminds us, also, and it is a fact
eminently worthy -of the public attention, that
during the whole period of Washington's admin-
istration, our military expenses were only pi,000,-
000, whilst for a similar period of eight years,
terminating in 1843, they were $164,000,000. It
is, sir, a striking and a fearful lesson. It teaches
us that, popular as war is, other institutions have
in that respect a natural tendency in the same di-
rection, and that the result in the end may be the
eame—the oppression of heavy and crushing tax-
ation.
He gives us another fact, worthy also of notice,
and especially worthy of the notice of the agricul-
turists of the nation. It is this: that from 1789 to
1843, the expenditures of the Government, exclu-
sive of payments on account of the public debt,
for merely civil objects, were ^246,620,000, whilst
for the same time, they were for military and naval
objects $538,964,278. And even of this trifling
comparative amount,appropriated for peaceful pur-
poses only, the agriculturists of the country en-
joyed no exclusive advantage. To encourage their
department of human labor, to improve their con-
dition, to increase their power, to elevate them in
the scale of social existence, not a dollar of it was
applied. And yet, sir, what claims have they not
had upon the countenance and protection of the
Government?
To say nothing of the fact which reason estab-
lishes and history confirms, that it is with them
that the true strength and -virtue of a free people
are ever to be found, the immense disproportionate
wealth that they bring into the common fund per-
suasively demands for them the fostering hand of
all. It is estimated, sir—and the amount is, I in-
cline to think, below the truth—to be $654,387,597;
a sum three times greater than the value of the
manufacturing industry of the country, and five
times greater than that of all the other sources of
human industry combined.
I invoke the serious regard of the agriculturists
to these facts. They must see in them how com-
manding are their claims upon the Government,
and how shamelessly they have been disregarded.
The cause is to be found in their want heretofore
of union amongst themselves in some movement
upon the subject. There seems to be now ap-
proaching a propitious time for some joint and
effectual effort. Peace, I trust, will soon be seen
to hush the noise of war within our own borders.
The mighty popular convulsions now heaving with
terrific power in the Old World promise to subside
in the annihilation of arms as an employment.
The long lost or limited liberty of man appears to
be on theeveof complete restoration. Civil employ-
ment—nothing butcivil employment—should be the
result; and happiness, and wealth, and power, and
true glory will be promoted in proportion as gov-
ernments devote their means to the proper encour-
agement of civil life. This, sir, is not the occasion
to meet in advance any constitutional impediment
which may he suggested to the particular encour-
agement solicited by this memorial. I content
myself, therefore, with saying, that a careful ex-
amination of the question, founded upon the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, and the opinions of
its fathers, leaves my mind in no doubt—in none
whatever.
If commerce can be protected and encouraged—
and it has been from the beginning of the Govern-
ment to the present day; if manufactures can be
protected and encouraged—and t hey have also been
from first to last; if the profession of arms even
can be protected and encouraged—and when has it
not been?—then why may not agriculture and her
followers be protected and encouraged ?
Without adding a word more, I submit the me-
morial, and, as I believe there is no committee to
whom its reference would be peculiarly appropri-
ate, I move, that it be referred to a special commit-
tee, and be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN observed, that there was a
Committee on Agriculture, to which it appro-
priately belonged.
Mr. JOHNSON then moved that it be referred
to that committee..
The motion was agreed to, and the memorial
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
citizens of Maine, for the abolition of the slave-
trade in ihe District of Columbia; the question of
reception was raised, and laid on the table.
Mr. HALE presented sundry memorials from
different quarters in relation to slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia,and for settinganart the proceeds
of the public lands for the gradual abolition of
slavery throughout the United States: the question
of reception was raised, and laid on the talile.
Mr. DICKINSON presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of New York in relation to
securing the pay of officers and soldiers killed in
battle to their widows; which were ordered to be
: printed.
|i REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
i| Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
I1 made an unfavorable report on the petition of
!| James Edwards.
'' Mr. M. also reported, from the same committee,
jl House bill for the relief of William Ralston, with-
lj out amendment, and recommended that it do not
h pass.
j) Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
11 Foreign Relations, reported House bill for the
relief of William M. Blackford, late charge d'af-
faires at New Grenada, without amendment.
Mr. H. also reported, from the same committee,
a joint resolution for the relief of Mrs. Ann Chase;
which was read a first time.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of the society for
the reformation of juvenile delinquents in the istate
of New York; which was read a first time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to confirm the loca
tion, and to grant a quarter section of public land,
for the county site of Hillsboro" county, in the
State of Florida; which was read a first time.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported Housebills, without amend-
ment, for the relief of Edna Hickman, wife of
Alexander D. Peck; and for the relief of Sarah D.
Caldwell, wife of James H. Brigham.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Williams and others, owners of the schooner Tt-
conic; which was read a first time.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the petition of the heirs of Caleb Swann.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of P. Chouteau,
Jr., & Co.; which was read a first time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on the Library, offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Mesa/red, That the Secretary of the Senate he instructed
to purchase for the use of the Senate 2,000 copies of each of
the lliree maps of the battle-, in the valley of Mexico, ntCi rro
Gorilo, mid of the operations  t Vera Cruz, puhlNleil from
the oiigiiials, drawn from aetiail Mirvev by Cnptain MeOlel
Ian and other officers of the United States Typographical
Engineer*; two hundred copies of each to be on plale draw-
ing paper, the remainder on good thin map paper.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that so much of th®
President's message as relates to the Amistad be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to take up the hill to
establish a branch mint in the city of Nejv York,
with a view to make it the special order for the
second Monday in May ne^t. It was a Dill of
great public importance, and he wished a day fixed
fur its consideration. The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the amendments of
the House to the bill for the relief of the legal Rep-
resentatives of George Fisher wore concurred irt.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate proceed-
ed to consider the bill relating to the collection
district of New Orleans, and for other purposes;
which was passed.
ACQUISITION OP TERRITORY, ETC.
The Senate proceeded to consider the. resolutions
submitted by Mr. Bat.by, on the 25th and 27th of
January last, in relation to the acquisition of terri-
tory by treaty or conquest, and the question of
slavery in any such acquired territory.
Mr. BAG BY said: Mr. President, these resolu-
tions were introduced on the 25th day of January,
at which time there were before the Senate ques-
tions of pressing practical importance, connected
with the vigorous and efficient prosecution of the
war with Mexico, and claiming the paramount, if
not the exclusive consideration of the Senate.
They were called up repeatedly in the progress of
the business of the Senate, and, at each time they
were so called, I stated distinctly, what I now re-
peat, that, satisfied as I was upon the fullest, ma-
turest, and most deliberate consideration of the
justice of that war on our part, I would not, so far
as depended on my action, permit any other meas-
ure, no matter what considerations it might involve,
to interfere with the adoption promptly, and at
once of the measures necessary for the efficient and
vigorous prosecution of the war. I did not believe
then, nor do I believe now, in windy,^ fustian
speeches. Action, and not words and noisy dec-
lamation, is the appropriate business of men en-
gaged in matters of great concern, not only to this
country, but to other countries ; not only to the
present generation, but to after times.
These resolutions embrace four distinct proposi-
tions, upon the correct solution of some, if not all
of which, in my judgment, the perpetuity of our
institutions depends. The first contains a distinct,
substantive, and unqualified limitation upon the
constitutional power of Congress, to abolish or to
prohibit slavery in any State or Territory of this
Union. This position is assumed upon the fullest
