618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
eonsideration, ani after the most mature reflection
as to all the oonsequences proximate or remote;
consequences either present or prospective, so far
as the action of Congress is concerned^ If the cor-
rectness of this position is well sustained and deep
laid in the Constitution, of which I have not the
shadow of a doubt, then, the truth and the correct-
ness of it, ought to be adopted and proclaimed.
The people of the country ought to be informed,
whether, in the opinion of Congress, their rights
depend and stand upon the adamantine principles
and guarantees of the Constitution, or, whether
they float in the visionary imaginations of moon-
struck philosophers, or pretended philanthropists.
I cannot be led now, I cannot be tempted into dis-
cussion upon the abstract question of slavery.
Whatever it is, those who hold it under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, found it, either for
good or for evil, either as a blessing or a curse, in
the pathway of their destiny, ana there it will
stand until the Constitution is changed, or until it
is undermined -by that insidious torrent, which is
ever and anon lashing against it. I have but little
fear of either. The second resolution I should
not have introduced, but for the daily insinuations
here, that the acquisition of territory in a lawful
war, was, in the expressive and refined language of
theday,land stealing. Whenever the truth and cor-
rectness of the proposition contained in the second j
resolution is seriously controverted, I stand pre-
pared to sustain it fully, and to the whole extent, !
by law, precedent, practice, and principle,as recog- *
nized by every civilized nation from the earliest |
periods of authentic history, down to the present j
time, I will not anticipate objections which I do 1
not think will be seriously urged, and which I ]
know cannot be sustained, either by reason or
authority. The third resolution contains a clear
and express limitation upon the powers of two
branches of the Government of the United States,
to wil, the treaty-making power, and Congress;
and declares that neither of these branches, m ter-
ritory to be acquired by the United States, shall
have power to exclude slavery, as property, from
such territory; but that such territory shall be
equally free and open to all the citizens of each
and all of the States of the Union, without any 1
limitation, prohibition, or restriction, m regard to i
slaves or any other description of property what-
ever. The first branch of this proposition re- i
strains the General Government from the exercise :
of any interference with the rights of property in
the possession under the Constitution of any pnr-
tion of the people of the United States; and the !
second branch contains but a reassertion and re- j
affirmance of that great fundamental principle that 'i
, lies at the bottom of our institutions, that what- !
ever is acquired by common blood or by common i
treasure, or by both, shall be the common property !
#ofall the. people of the United States, and equally j
free to the use, occupation, and enjoyment of all. i
This proposition rests upon the Constitution; it is '
sustained by every consideration of equity, truth,
and justice, and fortified by the eternal principles i
of reason and of right. And, as 1 had occasion to
say on a former occasion, 1 do not believe there is
a man in America with a mind unswayed by local !
considerations, or unbiassed and uninfluenced by ;
sectional considerations, who believes that prop- .
erty acquiied by common blood and common J
treasure should not inure to the equal benefit of,
all the people ot all the States of this great and '
growing nation. What is the Constitution of the J
United States? There is no difference of opinion
upon (his point. It is universally admitted by !l
American statesmen to be a compact between sov- j
ereign States. In political power the parties to it !!
are perfect equals. There is no difference in this |(
respect between Delaware and New York, or ''
Rhode Island and Pennsylvania. If, then, the
Constitution be a compact between parties, whose !'
rights and powers under itaie precisely the same
let us inquire into the causes and considerations ;
that induced the parties to enter into that compact. !
It was, in the language of the preamble to the Con- :
stitution, " to form a more perfect union, establish I
justice, ensure domestic tranquillity, provide for !;
the common defence, promote the general welfare, '
and secure the blessings of liberty to themselves ;!
and our posterity." These were the objects for /
which the States voluntarily disrobed themselves '
oi a portion of their sovereignty and offered it up
a willing sacrifice upon the altar of a common
country. They wereobjects, the permanent secu-
rity of which constituted a fair and adequate equiv-
alent for the solemn surrender of a portion of that
sovereignty, to obtain and establish which, the
aspirations of the purest patriots had been ele-
vated, and the best blood of the Revolution was
spilt; to obtain which, th'e eloquence of Henry
had thundered, and Warren had died. The great
question for the consideration of the Senate is,
how these objects can be best promoted, secured,
perpetuated? To my mind, this is a question of
easy solution. It is by carrying out the provisions
of the Constitution according to their obvious
meaning and import, keeping in view the rule
equally applicable in the proper construction of all
instruments, the intention of the parties, and the
objects they intended to secure and provide for at
the time they entered into it; guarding with equal
vigilance and caution against implication and un-
authorized construction on the one hand, and offi-
cious interpolation on the other; in a word, by
taking the Constitution as it is, and as its immortal
framers intended it to be. I do not propose, Mr.
President, to inquire into the power of theGovern-
ment to acquire territory. I hold that to be a point
settled, beyond the power of controversy to disturb
it. It is a power necessarily, properly, and in-
separably incident to the war power, and the trea-
ty-makmg power. I shall content myself, for the
present, with inquiring what are the rights of each
and all the citizens of all the States of the Union
in regard to the territory acquired either by treaty
or by conquest. And 1 assert and maintain, in the
language of the third resolution, that such territo-
ry, when acquired by the United States, is, and of
right ought to be, equally free and open to all the
citizens of all the United States, without any limit-
ation, prohibition, or restriction in regard to slaves,
or any other description of property whatever;
and would it, permit me to ask, tend to establish
justice, or to promote its great ends, to dcclare that
when territory had been acquired by the joint ef-
forts and joint contributions of the people of the
slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States, that
the latter should use, possess, and enjoy it ad libi-
I turn, and that the latter should be excluded from
; it, unless they divested themselves of their proper-
; ty and the means of subsistence, before they set
j their feet upon it. The proposition is at once ab-
surd and ridiculous; tostaLe it is at once to answer
and refute it. For the sake of illustiation, assim-
ilate the compact entered into by the States at the I
adoption of the Constitution, to the case of an or- j
dinary copartnership into which two or more per- I
soils had entered for the purpose of promoting, by ■
lawful means, their mutual interests. Suppose, in
the course of their mutual exertions, sacrifices,
and labors, they acquire land by purchase, or in
payment of a debt clue to the copartners, contract-
ed in the course of the partnership transactions:
is there a man so dead to all the feelings and sue-
gestions of reason, and above all, to the eternal
\ principles of justice, equity, and morality, as to
contend that one or more of said partners would
; be at liberty, and have aright to the full and unin-
! terrupted enjoyment of the land thus acquired, and
that the other partner or partners should he exclu-
ded from it, contrary to, and in violation of, the
original articles of copartnership or compact be-
tween them ? And yet this is the precise monstros-
ity m law, equity, justice, morality, reason, and
common sense, imo which those have fallen who
contend for the powerm the General Government to
exclude slaves as property from territory acquired
by the United Stales. I know a distinction has been
attempted to be drawn of late, between territory
where slavery exists, at the time of acquisition,
and that where it does not. But they cannot dis-
pose of any territory or any other property belong-
ing to the United States, with a view to promote
the interests of ally portion of the people of the
United States, and thereby to prejudice or exclude
the rignts of other citizens of the United States.
foundation of our system, and of every sys-
tem ot free government is, equality of rights. This
distinction, whether true or false, real or imagin-
ary, has nothing to do with the question. The
true question is, not what are the institutions ex-
isting in the temtory at the time of its acquisition,
but what powers the Government of the United
fetates can exercise in regard to it after it is ac-
quired. The title to the territory vests in the Uni-
ted States, and they can dispose of it in the same
manner and under the same rules and regulations
that tney can dispose of other property belonging '
to the United States. The only legitimate object
for which territory can be acquired is the forma-
tion of new States. We cannot, according-to the
provisions of the Constitution, or the nature and
genius of our institutions, hold it as provinces.
The colonial system was never in the contempla-
tion of the frarwers of the Constitution, and is not-
only not contained in any of its provisions, but is
at war with all its fundamental principles. Such a
system would tend, with inevitable certainty, to a
vastanddangerousincreaseof Executive power,and
might in the end overshadow the rights and inde-
pendence of the States, and subvert the Government,
and establish a despotism in its stead. Colonial or-
ganization would live, and move, and have its being
in Executive po wer and patronage, and would end in
the destruction of liberty. I am not ignorant that a
doctrine different from the one for which I am con-
tending has been asserted in an imposing form,
and in some sections of the Union to a considerable
extent. Great and intelligent communities, speak-
ing solemnly through their assembled representa-
tives, have asserted the power to be in Congress,
and called for its exercise, to exclude, by a funda-
mental law, slaves as property from all territory to
be hereafter required. I shall not attempt to in-
vestigate or to answer the arguments by which
they arrive at this conclusion. I have no doubt
they are sincere in the entertainment of these views.
Somebody has said that when a man is determined
to believe, the very absurdity of the doctrine con-
firms him in the faith. I leave them to their reflec-
tions, and appeal to the law and the testimony. I
consult the Constitution, and fearlessly assert that
such a doctrine has no support, either in the pro-
visions or spirit of that instrument, or in the more
enduring and eternal principles of equality and
justice. 1 warn the advocates of this doctrine, m
advance, that they are contending for principles
destructive of the Constitution, destructive of the
rights of the southern States, destructive of equal-
ity among the citizens of the United States, and
that this Union would not survive the establish-
ment of such a doctrine an hour.
I have listened with apprehension, not unmixed
with indignation, at the coolness and complacency
with which gentlemen from the free States speak:
of the institution of slavery, as it exists under the
guarantees of the Constitution, in some of the
States of this Union. After felicitating themselves,
with more than Pharisaical righteousness, that
they "are not as other men," they, in a spirit of
amazing condescension and kindness, charitably
assure us they will not interfere with slavery, as
it now exists. Was there ever more surpassing
impudence ? I scorn to accept the charitable dona-
tion. 1 reject the proffered boon. Sir, the people
of the slaveholding States do not hold their rights
by a tenure so frail and uncertain as the will, or
the forbearance, or the concessions, or the gratuity
of a majority in Congress; They derive them from
a higher and purer source. They derive them from
the Constitution; and highly as they venerate that
instrument, when it ceases to ensure to them the
free and full enjoyment of these rights, they will
no longer consider it worth preserving. These,
sir, are some of my views in regard to the princi-
ples involved in the first three resolutions. Before
t took my seat in the Senate at the present session,
the honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Dick-
inson] had introduced a series of resolutions, em-
bracing to some, perhaps to the whole extent, the
principles involved in those which, at a later day,
I had the honor of submitting to the Senate.
Anxious, so far as a sense of propriety and the
paramount obligations of duty would enable me to
do ho, to avoid the introduction of topics which
might subject me to the imputation of bemg influ-
enced by sectional views and local considerations,
I examined the resolutions brought forward by that
honorable Senator with great care, and with a sin-
cere desire, if I could, according to the dictates of
my best judgment, upon the principles of the Con-
stitution and the rights of the people, to agree with
him. After the most thorough examination of his
resolutions, and with entire respect for him, I have
found myself utterly unable to do so. I therefore
brought forward the fourth resolution, which is
exactly antagonistical to the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New York. His resolution is in these
Words:
Resolved, That in organizing a Territorial Government for
territory helongmg to the United States, the principles of
self-government, upon which our federative system rests,
