1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
for delay was, that he knew Lord P. was some-,
what quick upon the trigger, and he did not wish
that we should display a similar hastiness in a
matter of this kind.
Mr. GOGGtN ,replied, that the Lords of the
Treasury had given an order imposing the existing
duty on letters transmitted by steam-packet. This
was what Mr. Bancroft complained of to the Presi-
dent, and this was the subject of the President's
communication to Congress. No copy of any de-
finitive action on the part of the Lords of the
Treasury had been submitted by the President,
but simply the correspondence between Mr. Ban-
croft and Lord Palmerston. In the course of this
correspondence, the two diplomats sometimes and
on some points agreed entirely, while on others
they differed in opinion.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had referred
to the astuteness, the ability, and the wailike pro-
pensities of the British minister. The committee
were aware of these qualities, and they constituted
one reason why the Post Office Committee were
desirous that the substituted bill now before the
committee should pass. He referred to the ex-
traordinary course of the British Government in
meeting our steam-packet ship Washington by a
message that American postage was doubled.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he had listened with
great benefit and advantage to the remarks of the
honorable chairman of the Post Office Committee.
He (Mr. I.) understood that the British Govern-
ment had taken an unfortunate stand in relation to
the imposition of postage on letters transmitted to
England in American steamers: und that a lemon-
strance had been made on our part against this
course; but this had thus far been disregarded. It
was now our desire to redress the pecuniary injury
we had suffered, and also the seeming neglect of
our remonstrance, by imposing countervailing du-
ties on letters brought by British steamers. Jn all
that he entirely agreed with the honorable chair-
man and his committee, who had proposed this
amended bill. The action of the British repre-
sentative had been very prompt. He was charac-
terized by great personal dignity, promptitude 01
action, and a temper perhaps still more prompt.
It did sometimes so happen, that a peculiarity of
temperament on the part of an individual, extend-
ed its influence, insensibly to him, even into acts
of diplomacy itself. The only justification of a
retaliative course by Congress, was, that under the
promptitude of an individual functionary, a section
only of the British Ministry, and not by any action
of Parliament, an injury, as we conceived, had
been in/lined, and which we weie invited to re-
dress. Our own Postmaster Genoa! had conducted
himself in this whole affair with dignity and pro-
priety, and the correspondence as now published
did him credit, as indeed the greater part of our
official intercourse with foreign governments did:
he thought our diplomatic correspondence had in
general been admirably conducted. The last let-
ter of Mr. Bancroft to the British Secretary re-
mained yet unanswered. And this was the gravest
of the matters submitted by the Executive to Con-
gress in the whole matter. He (Mr. I.) regretted
that such was the case. There had been an omis-
sion by some officer of the Government. But every
gentleman must know how a series of little omis-
sions and seeming neglects occurred between pri-
vate gentlemen; and how common it was, in such
cases, to caution one of the parties not too rapidly
to take offence, not to rebuke with too much se-
verity. How much better was it to allow a little
time for one of the individuals to correct the omis-
sion; and when a desire was manifested to do this,
with what pleasure "was such a manifestation not
hailed, as preventing a quarrel about a matter that
neither of the parties was willing to quarrel about.
Pie would pursue a like course in the present mat-
ter. The passing of an act of retaliation to take
instant effect, without waiting for the very nrst
Parliamentary action in the case, would, he thought,
be a step more in anger than in sorrow. Remarks
had been made during the debate, which were
marked with some degree of severity; not, how-
ever, by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gog-
gin,] who had carcfully forborne from the utter-
ance of any language which he would have cause
to regret. „ , TT
He was aware that the members of that House
represented a great nation, and one which would
not approve, on their part, an undue degree of for-
bearance. He was in fayor of passing the act in
its substance: but he desired so far to modify its
form as to allow a brief delay before it should go
into effect. He would, therefore, amend the bill
by saying, that " from and after the   day of
 , the following duties should be levied," &c.
His maxim was- the wise old Roman maxim,
"Obsta principiis"—take care of the beginnings of
a quarrel: don't let it go on: stop it at once. This
was the doctrine he wished to preach everywhere,
especially among members of that House. If,
after the passage of this act with a stay of proceed-
ings to a day some short time ahead, England
chose to adhere to her present policy, so be it: the
act would then come in force by^ way of redress.
He was ready to meet responsibility, but not to
go ahead of responsibility.
Mr. McKAY inquired with what date Mr. I.
proposed filling the blanks in his amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL replied that he would pro-
pose, say two months.
Mr. McKAY said it was his purpose to vote
for the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, and he uid not know but the gentleman
from Pennsylvania might be veiy right in the
amendment he suggested. Suppose the blank
should be filled with 4th of July next?
Mr. INGERSOLL assented to that as a very
proper limitation.
Mr. McKAY observed that the law under con-
sideration was to be a permanent and general law.
The amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had reference solely to our controversy with
Great Britain; but suppose, before the time limited,
we should have a controversy with some other
European Power, would it not be better to say,
instead of now fixing any special date, that u after
forty days' public notice by proclamation.'' This
was the course which had been pursued in other
acts having a similar bearing on foreign countries.
He was free to say that he considered the act of
the British Government, in sending out to meet
our nuul-steamer Washington with notice of such
an enormous increase ot' postage, was an outrage.
He was not for resting under it; he would say to
Great Britain, unless jrou coirect this proceeding
wc shall, after the expiration of forty days, meet
your vessels with corresponding duties.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he acceded to the pro-
posed modification; he perfectly approved of it.
Let the amendment read, " insert after the word
empowered, in the third line, the words 'after giving
forty days' notice by public proclamation.' '*
Mr. POLLOCK wished to say a woid on the
amendment proposed by his colleague from Penn-
sylvania. He appreciated the excellent motives
of his friend in proposing this amendment to the
law; but he could not concur with him in the opin-
ion that such a modification of it should be made.
Our controversy with England on this subject was
not of a recent date. In June, 1847, the Lords of
the Treasury issued their order increasing postage
on letters from this country. The United States
Government had endeavored to procure its abioga-
tion, so as to put the postal arrangements between
the two countries on a footing of equality. With
this view we had made to the British Government
every offer which it became us to make to any
foreign Power. But our offer had been before the
British Ministers for five months, and no answer
had been given to it; and he could not tell whether
any ever would be given. Certainly there had been
ample time for consideration and reply. Why
should we wait a moment longer? Why delay our
retaliatory enactment for fort)' days or tor one day ?
He was for passing our bill at once. The gentle-
man from Pensylvania apprehended a danger that
could not result from the course of action proposed.^
This was no hostile act; it was purely an act of
self-defence. He regarded it, as he believed his
colleague did also, as the proper measure to bring
this vexed question to a speedy termination. When
England saw we were in serious earnest, and were
not to be put off any longer, she would come to
her senses. Lord Palmerston was said to be " quick
upon the trigger." It might be so, and so let him
continue to be; but let us show this very quick
gentleman that we knew our rights and knew how
to defend them. He had no hostility to Great Brit-
ain, not the least. But no American citizen could
for a moment doubt that the decree of the British
Lordsof theTreasury should instantly be repealed,
or met by corresponding action on our part. He
hoped the amendment of his colleague would not
prevail.
Mr. CONGER could see no necessity for the
amendment. The bill, as it stood, clothed the Pres-
ident and the Postmaster General with ample dis-
cretion to meet the case. He was willing to give
them this discretion. The bill did not require or
instruct the President to enter into the arrangement
instaiiter; he had a discretion in the case under
which he might, if he deemed it fexpedient, allow
the forty days proposed by the amendment, or
even a longer time. He was content to leave with
him the entire control, unrestricted, as the amend-
ment would restrict him. Whatever indulgence,
in point of time, he might judge it proper to extend
to the British Government on this matter, he (Mr,
C.) was prepared to acquiesce in. He had no ob-
jection that we should send a word with our blow,
but he would not send the word before the blow.
If they were not simultaneous, he would have the
blow go first.
The question being put on the amendment pro-
pose*! by Mr. Ingersoll, it was rejected.
After some further remarks from Mr. Goggjn—
Mr. WOODWARD suggested to amend the first
section of the bill, in the following clause, viz:
"The Postmaster General, Stc., i- hereby authorized and
empowered to charge upon and collect fioni all letter* and
other mailable maUeroamed to or from any port ofthe Uni-
ted Slates, in anyfoieign packet-ship or other ve^el, the
same rate or rates of charge for Jlmerican postage which the
Government to which such packet or other vessel belong#
imposes upon letters and other mailable matter conveyed in
American packets or other vessel* as the postage ofsuch
Government," by striking out the woid u American."
He said the term was not distinctive, and might
be wholly omitted, without inserting any other
word in its place.
Mr.GOGGIN could not see the necessity or ad-
vantage of such an amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD explained; and the question
being taken, the amendment was rejected.
The second section of the substitute being under
consideration—
Mr. DUER moved to amend the following clause,
viz:
" That all letters or other mailable matter conveyed to or
from any port of the United States by any foreign packet
or ship, shall be >o subject to postage charge a  afoiesnid,
whether addressed to any person in the United States or else-
where : Provided, It Is done by the packet or other s-iiip oi a
Government Imposing foreign postage on letter* or mailable
matter conveyed by any packet or other ship of the United
State*1'— by striking out the words of the proviso, and sub-
stituting therefor the following: "That the Government of
the countiy to winch such packet or other ship may belong
shall impose postage in similar cases on letters or mailable
matter conveyed in any packet or other ship of the United
Statew."
Mr. D. said he was not certain that he under-
stood the pioviso; he had, therefore, drawn his
amendment as expressing more clearly what he
supposed to be intended as its meaning.
Mr. GOGGIN explained the proviso, and was
believed to object to the amendment, but his re-
marks could not be heard.
Mr. WOODWARD inquired whether the object
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Duer]
would not be accomplished by striking out the pro-
viso altogether? It only reenacted what had been
already declared in the first section of the bill.
There was absolutely no meaning in the proviso.
Mr. DUER said he was not quite sure that omit-
ting the proviso would have the effect supposed by
the gentleman from South Carolina. The amend-
ment he had proposed expressed more clearly what
he supposed the proviso was intended to declare.
And he understood the chairman [Mr. Goggin] as
having substantially admitted this.
Mr. GOGGIN dissented.
Mr. DUER. If the proviso does not mean that,
what does it mean?
After so me further conversation between Messrs.
WOODWARD and DUER, the question was put
on Mr. Dtjer's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. GOGGIN now moved to amend the second
section, by inserting after the word "ship'' the
following, " except such letters as are directed to
the owners or consignees of such ship;" so as to
read: "That all letters or other mailable matter
' conveyed to or from any port of the United States
' by any foreign packet or ship, except such let-
* ters as are directed to the owners or consignees
4 of such ship, shall be so subject to postage charge
* as aforesaid, whether addressed to any peison in
4 the United States or elsewhere.'
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to strike out the
proviso in the second section, (see above,) and to
add to the clause shall be so subject to postage
