622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
charge as aforesaid," the words "in the discre-
tion of the President as aforesaid."
After some remarks by Mr. EVANS and Mr.
DUEK, the amendment was agreed to, (the com-
mittee voting by tellers:) Ayes 70, noes 67.
Mr. GOG GIN moved to amend the following
clause, vh: "And for refusing to do so, (viz: de-
* liver their letters on arriving into, and take their
* letters on departing out of, the United States post
*-office,) or for conveying said letters over or across
1 the United States," by adding the words " or any
portion thereof;'' which was agreed to.
In the residue of the clause, viz: " the party
* offending shall, on conviction, forfeit and pay not
* exceeding thousand dollars for each offence,"
he moved to fill the blank with the word "five,"
so as to make the penalty on the master of a for-
eign vessel neglecting to deliver his letters into a
United States post office immediately on his arii-
val, or take them from a United States post office
at his departure, five thousand dollars.
Mr. G. said, that in conversation with Mr.
Hobbie, the Assistant Postmaster General, that
officer had suggested the necessity of making this
penalty a heavy one, and had proposed this sum of
§5,000 as not too large. For if it should be made
but a few hundred dollars, a person with a very
targe mail might be tempted rather to pay that
amount and pocket the postage, than to lose the
carrying of thirty or forty thousand letters across
the Atlantic.
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, proposed an amend-
ment, providing that newspapers should be trans-
mitted free of postage to any place within thirty
miles of the place of publication, and to reduce the
postage to one cent, to be prepaid, on transient
newspapers*
Mr. GOGGIN raised the point that the amend-
ment was not in order, on the ground of irrele-
vancy, the bill having reference exclusively to
foreign and the amendment to domestic postage.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and gave his reasons therefor.
Mr. HUNT appealed, and sustained his appeal
principally by reference to precedents.
Mr. GOGGIN sustained {he decision of the
Chair, and stated that it was in contemplation by
himself, as a member of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and he believed he
might speak with almost positive certainty for a
majority of that committee, that it was their inten-
tion to report a bill which would probably embrace :
the very subject which the gentleman desired to ■
reach by his amendment. He entreated the gen- 1
tleman, even if the amendment were in order, not
to press it upon the House, as he was anxious to
get through the bill to-day.
Mr. HUNT replied that he was very happy to
hear from the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads the statement which he
had made, and he was free to say that his object
had been in a gieat degree accomplished. One
great motive which had prompted him in moving
the amendrnenthe confessed was the apprehension
that the committee would not report a bill on the
subject, a resolution having been referred to them
some time since, and no report having been made
upon it.
Mr. GOGGIN stated that he had not intended
to give any assurance of what were the views of
the majority of the committee. He had said that
such were his views, and he thought he might say
that such were the views of the majority, although
he could not give assurance on that point. &
Mr. HUNT preferred, then, that the question
should be taken on the appeal.
The question being taken, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee r" was decided in the affirmative without a di-
vision.
.So the decision was sustained, and the amend-
ment decided out of order.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment to the sec-
ond section, to insert after the words "mailable
matter" the words " carried in any foreign packet-
ship or other vessel;" which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN, the substitute, as
amended, was tiien agreed to; and the bill, as
amen led, was laid aside to be reported to the
House,
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
The biU-making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary pensions for the year ending 30th
June, 1849, was taken up.
Mr. VINTON moved to increase the item for
revolutionary pensions under the act of March 18,
1818, from $4,122 57 to $14,122 57, in addition to
an unexpended balance remaining in the treasury
of |83,877 43.
Mr. VAN DYKE addressed the committee
during his hour upon the subject of the Mexican
war,-addressing his remarks to, and arraigning the
course of, the Administration upon the following
points: first, the manner in which the Administra-
tion involved the country in war; second, the mode
in which they had conducted it; third, the objects
for which they had prosecuted it; and fourth, the
benefits likely to result from it to the country*.
[His speech in full, as prepared by himself, will
appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, next ob-
tained the floor.
Mr. VINTON expressed a wish that the bill
before the committee should be disposed of, and
that the committee would take up the navy appro-
priation bill, so that, while these speeches were
being made, the House should make some progress
with its business. He supposed gentlemen did not
care to what bill they spokev for one would answer
their purpose just as well as another. He hoped,
then, that this bill would be disposed of, and that
the committee would take up the bill he had desig-
nated.
Mr. ROCKWELL declined to yield the floor;
and, after a brief conversation between several
gentlemen, moved that the committee lise.
The motion was decided in the affirmative—88
to 29.
The committee then rose, and reported the postal
bill to the House, and progress on the revolution-
ary pension bill.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to the postal arrangement bill.
Mr. GOGGIN moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under its operation, the
various amendments were concurred in, and the
bill passed m the following form:
Be it enudel, $c., That the Postmaiter General, undei
the dueciioii o; the President 0/ the United Slater, be, and
lie is heieby, ntithonzed and empowered to charge upon and
collect from all letters and othor mailable mattei carried to
or tioin any port of tne United States in any foreign packet-
ship or otner vessel, the same rate or rates of eitaige for
American postage unieh the Government to which such
loreign packet or other \e-&el belongs unpu&es upon letters
and othei mailable matter conveyed in Auiericau packets or
other vessels as the postage ot' such Government. And it
shall be the duty of ad cuatom-hou^e ofceer^ and other Uni-
ted Statue- agents, designated or appointed for that pinpose,
to enioice or cany into eflrect the foregoing provision, and
to aid or assist in the collection of sueh postage; and to tuat
end, it shall be lawful lor such officers and agents, on sus-
picion of fraud, to open and examine, in the presence of
two or mote respectable persons, being citizens of the Uni-
ted States, any package or packages supposed to contain
mailable mailer, found on board such packets or other ves-
sels or elsewhere, and to prevent, if necessary, such packets
or other vessels from entering, breaking hulk, or making
clearance, until all such letters or oilier mailable mattei are
duly delivered into the United Slate? po>t office.
See. 2. Jlnd be it farther cna.-te'i, Tuat all letters or other
mailable matter convew'd to or from any port of the United
State-. h> an> foreign packet or ship, except sucii letters <i-5
may be directed to the owner or owners, consignee or con-
signees of said ship or other vessel, shall be so subject to
postage charge as aioresaid, whether addressed to any per-
son in the United States orelsewhcie; piovided it i® done
by the packet or other ship of a Government imposing for-
eign postage on h*tter< or mailable matter conveyed by any
packet or other ship of the United States; and such letters
or other mailable matter carried in foreign p.ieket-ships> or
other vessels, e\Cr ptaueh as may be dnected to the owner
or owners,consignee or consignee-, as aforesaid, are hereby
requiied to be delivered into the United St ites post office by
the masters or commanders of all such packets or other
vessel when arriving, and to be taken fiom a United States
post oilice when departing; and for ret Using or lading to do
so, or for conveying said letters over or across the United
States, or any portion thereof, the paity offending shall, on
conviction, forfeit and pay not exceeding live thousand dol-
lars lor each offence.
The House then adjourned.
resentatives in Congress from that State to use their influ-
ence in favor of the pa^sajje of a law which shall cure to
the widows and orphans of officeis and soldiers who fail in
battle, or who die of wounds received in the service of the
country, pensions equal to the pay proper of said officers or
soldier*.
By Mr. HALL, of New York: Joint resolutions of the Sen-
ate and Assembly of the Stateof New York, in favor of grant-
ing to the widows and orphans of officers and soldiers who
fall m battle, pensions equal to the pay proper of such oftl-"
cers and soldiers.
By Mr. TUCK: The memorial of W. R. Ashard for relief.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of lmca-. Van Otden and
47 other-;, for a post roufe from Summit to Pond du Lac, in
Wisconsin, via Oeonomovvock, Neosho, and Maysville.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petitition of the
legal representatives of Captain William Armstrong.
By Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana: The petition of J. B.Hyde,
praying for an alteration in the laws of the United States in
relation to the granting of patents to foreigner*-.
By Mr. BOTTS: The memorial of enlisted men of Ord-
nance department, praying to be placed on a footing with the
tionps of the line, so far as relates to bounty and pensions.
Also, the memorial of the citizens of Richmond. Virginia,
asking an appropriation for the #MaWi«hmf>nt of a break-
water near the north point of the island of Nantucket.
By Mr. MA LIS If: The petition of N. L. Reese and 238
others, praung for the restoration of peace with Mexico.
By Mr. ICENNON: The petition of Isaac Lewis and 41
other citizens of Harrison countv, Ohio, praying for a reduc-
tion of postage and the unconditional abolishment of tho
franking privilege.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memoiuils and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred: j
By Mr EDWARDS: The petition of Gardner,Herring, 1
asking a pension for injuries received during the late war 1
with Gieat Britain. (
By Mr. MeCLERNAND: The petition of a number of'
citizens of Hardin county, Illinois, pun ing Congress to giant <
authority for the re-location of a certain section of school i
ne^Ar0NvA,joillt resolut'°  of tt,e Legislature 1
of the State ofNsw York, requesting the Senators and Bep- [
in senate:
Wednesday, Jlp il 12, 1848.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial from Sampson & Tappan and other
merchants and importers of the city of Boston.
These memorialists represent (said Mr. D.) that
the tariff of 1846 contains provisions which com-
pel them to have the duty assessed on the invoice
value; that on many articles, such as liquors,
sugars, oils, &c., there is great wastage, either
from leakage or evaporation, and the articles, on
being landed, fall short in gauge, weight, or meas-
ure, from the quantity represented by the invoice
to have been shipped at the place of exportation,
and thus the importers have been obliged to pay
duty on the full quantity. They ask that the
clause may be so amended that some allowance
shall be made, in estimating duties, for any defi-
ciency from the invoice. Although he did not
regard it as a very grave or great matter, still he
might be pardoned for calling the attention of the
Committee on Finance to the subject, and asking
that committee to take it into consideration and
make an early report.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial in rela-
tion to the claim of William Parkeson, a soldier
in the war of 1812, fo.r a pension ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from John P.
Callan, and other citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, asking the enactment of a law to incorporate
the Washington Gas-light Company ; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from William
Greer, asking the payment of an amount of postage
claimed from him by the Post Office Department;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Isaac W.
Taylor and other legal representatives of Jacques
Clamorgan, in relation to claims on lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported House bill directing
the mode for settling the claims of Charles G.
Ridgely, with an amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to authorize the sale of
reserved lands, and for other purposes, without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, asking to be
dischaiged from the further consideration of the
memorial of David B. Sears.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an unfavorable report on
the claims of the executors of Nathan Lamme.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill for
the relief of Elizabeth Converse, widow of Josiah
Converse, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Christopher Cunningham.
