1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
Mr. DAVIS stated that this was a case of ur-
gent necessity, the individual being without the
means of support. There could be no hesitation
about the justice of the claim, and he hoped the
rules of the Senate would be suspended, and that
the bill might be now considered.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill for the relief of William Har-
ding;, without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the bill relating to dower, with-
out amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported the following House bills, without amend-
ment: For the relief of Thomas Badger; an act
granting a pension to John Morrison; an act for
the relief of William P. Brady; and an act for the
relief of Samuel Cony.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of the Marquis de Fougieres,
and asked its immediate consideration.
Mr. TURNEY asked if the bill had received
the examination of a committee.
Mr. DOWNS replied in the affirmative.
Mr. TURNEY objected.
"Mr. WESTCOTT explained the bill in an under
tone to Mr. T.
Mr. TURNEY«then withdrew his objection.
JVlr. ASHLEY said he wsis unwilling to see a
bill hurried through without time being allowed
for a proper understanding of it. .He understood
the object of the bill was to confer some privilege
with reference to the Supreme Court, ami he was
opposed to granting privileges to an individual
which were not generally enjoyed by other parties
in that court. He wished for some further infor-
mation on the subject.
Mr. BERRIED explained that the right of ap-
peal to the Supreme Court in this case was asked
for, because, in consequence of the unavoidable
delay caused by the residence of the parties in
France, the time to which the right of appeal was
limited had transpired. The case was between
the parties and the United States, and the latter
ought not to be placed in the position of taking
improper advantage of the necessary lapse of time.
He hoped there would, therefore, be no objection
to the passage of the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY expressed himself gfatified and
perfectly satisfied with the explanation.
The bill was then considered, read a third time,
and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. HALE, on leave, introduced an act in addi-
tion to an act for the more equitable distribution
of the navy pension fund; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Naval A (Talis.
Mr. WESTCOTT, 011 leave, introduced a bill
respecting certain surveys in the State of Florida;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate purchase, for
the use of the Sennit', two thnu-snud copies of the Constitu-
tion of the (Jailed States of Anienca, with an alphabetical
armljsis, prepared and published by VV. Htekey, provided
that thfsamfcfin be purchased at a price per cop> not exrood-
ing that paid for 10,0,0 copies ordered to be purchased by a
resolution of the Senate adopted J8th Februaiy, 1847.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, three thousand
extra copies of the proceedings of the court mar-
tial in the case of Lieutenant Colonel Fremont
were ordered to be printed.
The following resolution, submitted on Monday
by Mr. Badcjek, was taken up and adopted :
Resolved, That the Committee on Panting be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot repealing the joint resolu-
tion, approved August 3, 1846, entitled "A joint resolution
directing the manner of procuring the printing for the two
sessions of Congress."
Mr. BADGER moved to take up the bill report-
ed by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads " to declare the true intent and meaning,
so far as respects the franking privilege of mem-
bers of Congress, of the act approved 1st March,
1845;" which motion having been agreed to, the
bill was read a third time by unanimous consent,
and passed.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the private calendar; when the bill for the relief
of Captain Foxall A. Parker, of the United States
Navy, after having been duly considered, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and, by
unanimous consent, was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
The Senate then took up the bill to repeal the
act of 2d March, 1847, concerning pilots; when—
Mr. MILLER expressed the hope that the friends
of the bill would not press its consideration at this
time, when the Senate was thin.
Mr. DIX said he had no disposition to press the
bill at that moment, when the hour had arrrived
for taking up the special order. He would there-
fore move that it be passed over informally, and it
would come up to-morrow as the unfinished busi-
ness during the morning hour. The motion was
agreed to.
SUPREME COURT.
Mr. MANGUM then rose and.said, that at a
late hour on a previous session of the Senate, he
had moved to lay on the table a motion to recon-
sider the vote upon the hill concerning the Supreme
Court, and he now moved to take up that motion
for the purpose of proceeding to its consideration.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, which were ordered; and, the question
having been taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Bree&c, Butler,
Clarke, Cntivnden, Davi# o( M. s>-achu>elU>, Down*, Greene,
riannegan, Man«iim, Mason, Miller, Nilcs, I'carce, Phelps,
Ruxk, and I'pham—19.
NAY^—!Yles?r8. Ashley, Badger, Bagby, Benton, Bri ht,
Calhoun, Cameion, Davn of iVJtf.si>sippi, Dickinson, Di.x,
I'Yk'h, Halt*, Johnson o! Georgia, Lewis, Spiuance/i'urney,
and VVc^rott — IT.
; Mr. ASHLEY observed that the vote which had
J just been given was numerically the same as that
j on refusing to engross the bill; in the former case
the vote stood yeas 17, nays 10. It was evident,
therefore that the Senate was not more full than
when that vote was taken.
Mr. MANGUM thought the Senate was now
as full as it was likely to be, and he therefore
moved to proceed to vote on the question of recon-
sideration. Should that motion prevail, he would
be witling to postpone the question on the bill to
another day.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the yeas and nays on
thequestion, which were ordered*,and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Me.^ra. Atchison. Bell, Berrien, Breeso, Butlor,
Cameion, Clarke, Corvvin, Cnttcndcn, Davis of Mu^achii-
si'tfs, Downs, Greene, Humx'gau, Hunter, Mangum, Ma^on,
Miller, Niles, Tearee, Phelps, ltusk,and Upliam-—£2.
NAYS—iY!e-sr<. Ashley, Bn f rr, Hngby, Benton, Brmht,
Calhoun, Davi^ofMi^is^ippi, Diekiwson, l>iv, F< !<-h, Hale,
JoluiMtn of Georgia, Lewis, Spiuance, Turuey, and YVei-t-
eott—10.
Mr. MANGUM then observed that lie did not
care to press the vote at this time, and if the Sen-
ator from Arkansas would intimate any early day
lie would be. satisfied.
Mr. ASHLEY then intimated Monday next; to
which Mr. MANGUM assented; and it was or-
dered that the question should be the special order
for that day at one o'clock. t
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
hill for ascertaining and paying certain claims in
I California.
The bill being under consideration asm Commit-
tee of the Whole—
Mr. MASON rose, and said he would confine
himself in his remarks to the bill before the Sen-
ate, and the matters which are properly connectcd
with it. Adverting to the charge which had been
, made against the United States of commencing a
j war of aggression against a sister Republic, he
expressed regret that such a charge should have
been made, not only by the press, but on the floor
of legislation, as he looked on it as the only dark
spot which would appear on the page of the present
day. He asserted that the accusation was unsus-
tainable by fact; that it would be denied by the
records of Congress; and that history would estab-
lish the truth. The war was just in its conception,
and the manner in which it had been conducted
reflected honor on our country.
The California claims became interesting, not
merely on the historical grounds set forth by the
Senator from Missouri, but because they were
based on services performed without the sanction
of Government; and it was proper that the grounds
on which they were to be allowed ought to be
placed clearly before the country. The Cofnijiit-
tee on Military Affairs had reported fully on the
subject, and the claims had been explained by
Colonel Fremont himself. Some part of the ser-
vices had been accidental in their occurrence, before
the commencement of the war. The officer in
command was fully justified in the course he took.
He then repeated briefly the history of the expe-.
dition under Lieutenant Colonel Fremont; glanced
at the condition of California, and the danger which
menced her freedom from British influences, which
were actively at work; reading from printed reports
and correspondence in corroboration and illustra-
tion of his statements. He also referred to the
difficulties which Colonel Fremont had to contend
against, in consequence of the dissatisfaction of
the inhabitants of California, and the necessity of
guarding asainst and suppressing internal insur-
rections. He particularly dwelt on the fact that
the movements of a hostile character on the part
of Colonel Fremont, which took place before the'
war had properly commenced, were unauthorized
by our Government, and consequently that the
Administration could not be properly held respon-
sible for them.
The claims amounted to $700,000; and he thought
Congress was bound to pay them. But he did not
wish to see a board constiluted, as this was in the
bill itself, as he regarded this as a usurpation of
the appointing power by the Senate, which was,
in his opinion, an unjustifiable encroachment.
For the purpose of" amendment, he moved to re-
commit the bill with the following instructions:
" so to amend tlie bill as to provide that a board
4 consisting of two competent poisons as commia-
' sioners shall be appointed by the President, by
' and with ihe advice and consent of the Senate,
' with power to examine into and determine the
' claims and demands arising out of the late mili-
' tarv operations in California in the bill mention-
•ed."
Mr. CASS said, as he did not see the Senator
from North Carolina, who desired to speak on the
bill, in his seat, he would move that, by general
consent, the bill be passed over informally.
Mr. RUSK here made a movement; when—
Mr. CASS said that he did not know that the
Senator from Texas intended to speak. In that
case he would withdraw his motion.
Mr. 11USIC said he wished to say a few words,
but he was not anxious to go on nt the present
moment; any other time would suit him as well.
Mr. MAJN'GUM renewed the request that the
bill be, by geneial consent, informally passed over;
which was agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business. After some time, the doors
were, reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 13,1848.
Mr. Horace Mann, of Massachusetts, elected
to supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of
the Hon. John GIuincy Adams, appeared this day,
was qualified according to law, and took his seat
in the House.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: A bill for the relief
of certain citizens of Lowndes county, Mississippi.
Read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
By Mr. TALLMADGE: A bill to establish a
branch mint in the city of New York. Read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported an amendment to the bill making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1849, accompanied by a report.
The amendment was committed. -
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, ftom the Committee
on the Territories, reported a bill for^tlie admission
of the State of Wisconsin into the Union. Read
twice and committed.
Mr. MEADE asked leave to report Hie follow-
ing preamble and resolution from the Committee
on the Judiciary:
Whereas much time and money are annually expended by
Um Gofigresa of tiie United States in legislating on private
