THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
New Series No. 40.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1848.
subject, he would vote against the postponement
of the previous orders. As this, however, was not
a debatable motion, he would refrain from enter-
ing into any argument on the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed a hope that the
Senator from Alabama would withdraw his oppo-
sition. The object of this bill was not within the
scope of the objections which had been urged against
works of internal improvement.
Mr. D1X said the Senate had yesterday post-
poned the pilot bill until this morning, on his
motion, and he believed it was the general under-
standing that he should be allowed a brief space,
in the morning hour, to explain his views on the
subject. He hoped, therefore, that the Senator
from Tennessee would withdraw his motion, and
renew it to-morrow.
Mr. BELL. Certainly; with great pleasure. I
will then give notice that I shall make this motion
in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. MANGUM presented a petition from citi-
zens of the United States, asking that Congress
will purchase Mount Vernon.
Mr. CASS submitted documents relating to the
claim of William Lee, to compensation for services
as clerk in the office of the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs at Detroit; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY gave notice of his intention to
offer an amendment to the bill concerning the Su-
preme Court when it came up for discussion;
which was sent to the Chair and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of Elijah
McDougall; which was ordered to he printed.
Mr. FELCH also moved that the same commit-
tee be discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial of the wounded soldiers in the
war of 1812, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the joint resolu-
tion from the House for the relief of H. M. Bar-
ney, without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported the bill explana- j
tory of the act •entitled " An act to raise, for a j
limited time, an additional military force, and for ]
other purposes," approved the 11th of February, I
1847, with amendments.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill relating to certain surveys
in the district of Florida, without amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Gustavus
Dorr; which was read a first time.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following House bills, with-
out amendment: An act for the relief of D. Myer-
lee; of Stephen Champhn; of Joseph Bryan; of
G. F. de la Roche and W. P. Sanger; of.lames H.
Conley; of James Glynn; of Nancy Tompkins;
of Elizabeth Mays; of Anne W. Angus; of John
Percival, a captain in the navy of the United States;
of Edward ttuinn; and the joint resolution con-
cerning the settlement of the accounts of William
Speiden, purser in the navy of the United States.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS,
Resolved, That the Secretary of tile Treasury he directed
to report to the Senate the quantity of sugar imported during
the fiscal year ending the UOth June, 1847, and the pueeeod-
ing year to the close of tile last quarter, 31st Y arch, 1848,
reporting the places from whence imported, and the price, at
the place of export, of the several (jualitieb when exported.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER,
Resolved, That the Secretary pay to John Sktrving.for his
services in ventilating the Senate Chamber during tin* ses-
sion,, an allowance not exceeding the pay of a messenger,
together with one dollar a day foran assistant laborer.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted yesterday by Mr. Badger, directing the
Secretary of the Senate to purchase two thousand
copies of the edition of the Constitution prepared
by W. Hickey; and the question being on agree-
ing to' said resolution, it was determined in the
negative.
40
Mr. ATCHISON moved a reconsideration of
the vote upon the resolution; which was agreed
to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
resolution, it was, on motion by Mr. Berrien,
ordered that the further consideration thereof be
postponed until to-morrow.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
amend the act " to provide for the transportation
of the mail between the United"6tates and foreign
countries, and for other purposes," was read the
first and second times, by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice that on to-morrow,
or some early day thereafter, he will ask leave of
the Senate to introduce a bill to incorporate the
Washington Mutual Insurance Company and
Savings Institution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, gave notice that
on to-morrow, or some early day thereafter, he
will ask leave of the Senate to introduce a bill, the
title of which he named.
THE PILOT LAWS.
The Senate resumed the consideration, ns in
Committee of the Whole,-of the hill to repeal the
act of Sil March, 1837, entitled " An act concern-
ing pilots."
Mr. DIX. Mr. President: A bill in all respects
similar to this was before the Senate at the lust
session of Congress, but not finally acted upon for
want of time. When it was taken up for consid-
eration,'1 explained the object in view, but as
there are many gentlemen on this floor who were
not then members of the Senate, I will recapitu-
late, as briefly as possible, the arguments urged in
favor of the passage of the bill.
The bill proposes to repeal the act of 2d March,
1837, concerning pilots. The act proposed to be
repealed made it "lawful for the master or com-
' mander of any vessel coming into or going out of
' any port situate upon waters which are thebound-
' ary between two States, to employ nnv pilot duly
' licensed or authorized by the laws of either of the
' States bounded on the said waters, to or from
' said port, any law, usage, or custom, to the con-
1 trary notwithstanding."
This provision, though equal and fair on its face,
is partial and unfair in its operation, as I will en-
deavor to show.
Before the American colonies confederated to-
gether for mutunl defence and protection, each
regulated its own pilotage. When they became
independent States, and agreed to article's of con-
federation and perpetual union for their common
government, they retained respectively the, forms
they had previously possessed on the subject.
When the Constitution of the United States was
adopted, and a more perfect union formed between
the States, it conferred on Congress the power "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations,and among
the several Stales, and with the Indian tribes."
Under this authority, as is supposed, the Congress
of the United States passed an act at its first ses-
sion, providing " that all pilots in the bays, inlets,
' rivers, harbors, and ports of the United States,
' shall continue to be regulated in conformity with
'the existing laws of the States, respectively,
' wherein such pilots may be, or with such laws
' as the States may, respectively, hereafter enact
' for the purpose, until further legislative provision
' shall be mode by Congress."
Three considerations suggest themselves in view
of this provision:
1. Congress assumed to possess the authority
of legislating on the subject of pilotage, either, as
is most probable, under the clause of the Constitu-
tion I have cited conferring the power of regulating
commerce, or possibly under the general power to
make all laws necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the powers expressly given to Con-
gress. I do not intend to deny the authority,
rightfully exercised; and I suppose it will be gen-
erally conceded that the regulation of pilots is the
regulation of commerce.
2. Congress adopted the laws of the States then
in force regulating pilots in those States respect-
ively. ~By virtue of this adoption, these laws ac-
quired all the force of acts of Congress, and all
the regulations contained in them thenceforth pos-
sessed the same efficacy as they would have had
if they had been recited in full in the act adopting
them. They became a part of the law of the
land.
3- Congress, by referring to and sanctioning the
future legislation of the States in respect to pilot-
age, virtually clothed them'with its own power
n er the whole subject. It virtually pronounced
the regulation of pilots in the several States a fit
subject for local or municipal legislation. It was,
in effect, a delegation of the power of Congress,
whatever that power may be, over the subject of
pilotage, to the Slates, to be exercised in 'juturo,
until resumed by the delegating authority, or, to
use the words of the act, " until further legislative
provision shall be made by Congress.'* This act
was passed on the 7th of August, 1789. I believe
it was the ninth act passed under the Constitution
of the United.States, and it was for nearly half a
century tlve only act passed by Congress in rela-
tion to the subject of pilotage, with the exception
of the act of 1792, by which pilots were exempted
from the performance of militia duty.
The State of New York commenced the regulation
of pilotage for her principal port at an early period
of her colonial existence. The first law, I find, was
passed in ICO t, more than one hundred and fifty
years ago, and about seventy after the first settle-
ment of New Amsterdam. It provided for tho
appointment of pilots by the governor and council,
and prohibited all other persons from piloting any
vessel into the port of New York under a pecu-
niary penalty. From- that time to the year 1837
the pilotage of vessels to and from the port was
subject to State regulation. In this respect New
York stood on the same footing, nominally and
practically, with the other States in the Union.
In December, 1836, two shipwrecks of a very
disiressing character, from the extensive toss of life
with which they were attended, occurred on Long
Island—I allude to the Bristol and the Mexico.
Neither of these vessels had a pilot; and this fact,
combined with a previous course of conduct on the
part of tho New York pilots, calculated to create
prejudice against them in the public mind, led to a
strong feeling of excitement. There is no doubt
that there was, to a certain extent, just ground for
this prejudice. The business of pilotage in the
city of New York had grown into a monopoly,and,
like all other monopolies, had run into abuse. No
man at this day desires to revive it. The number
of pilots was too limited: and they had, by com-
bining and agreeing to share equally the receipts
accruing from their joint services, rendered all com-
petition useless, and produced a relaxation of their
accustomed vigilance in looking out for vessels and
bringing theirTinto port. On the fullest investiga-
tion! however, I believe they were exonerated from
all direct censure on account of the loss of the two
vessels referred to. But the system was not equally
faultless; and, on the occurrence of these two dis-
asters, the public attention having been strongly
attracted to the subject, the Legislature of New
York entered intoa full investigation ofit. Fornear-
ly three months the whole subject was under consid-
eration before committees, or under discussion on
the floor of the two Houses. Few subjects of legis-
lation have received a more earnest or critical ex-
amination in any deliberative body; and it resulted
in the passage of a law formed with a reference to
all the known and alleged evils of the system. A
board of commissioners, consisting of five persons,
was authorized to be appointed by the ^0v®r""^.
and Senate of the State. It was made Mu'yof
the board to examine the pilots then licensed, and
if found qualified, to license them anew,' and also
to examine and license every other person of full
ao-e and good moral character, making application
for the purpose, giving a preference to those who
had served three years as apprentices to licensed
nilnts " The duties of the commissioners m other
Ipe'tswe're carefully defined by this act: the
pilots were subjected to rigid regulations; their
