626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IS,
numbers were incrcfts^d to meet the extending com-'
merce ofthecity; ail combinations were guarded j
against, so as to produce a free competition; and :
the defects in the old system, which time had dis-
closed, were provided for by appropriate remedies.
I have no hesitation in saying, if this act had been
permitted to go into operation, fully and fairly,
without any interfering or counteracting legislation
on the-part of Congress, all the evils of the preex-
isting system would have been remedied, and all
the advantages of a proper competition would have
been fully secured without any of the inconveni-
ences, inequality, and injustice, which have result-
ed from the system now in force. Or, certainly,
if its provisions had proved insufficient, the de-
fect would have been cured by further legisla-
tion.
But, before this act was matured and passed,the
act of Congress, of March 2, 1837, of which we
now ask for the repeal, had been hurried through
the two Houses of Congress, and the power of
regulating pilotage for the city of New_ York was
virtually taken out of the hands of the .Legislature
of the State. The object of this act of Congress
was to open the business of pilotage for the city of
New Yoik to the State of New Jersey, with a view
to greater competition among the pilots m looking
out for vessels destined for that port. I believe
there was no other object in view at that time; and
it is said to have been on the suggestion of persons
in New York that the State of New Jersey was
induced to pass a pilot law, as she did a few weeks
before the act of Congress passed, I believe the
competition, in view of the latter act, would have
been fully secured, by the law passed by the State
ofNew York, and passed after the careful investi-
gation to which I have already-referred. It broke
up the old monopoly: it rendered combinations im-
possible; and, in a word, it provided d complete
remedy for preexisting evils and defects. Under
these circumstances, the interposition of Congress
was unnecessary: it cat£>e in, not for good, but for
ill. It frustrated the proper execution of the ob-
jects contemplated by the law ofNew York; it in-
troduced other interests antagonistic to and m some
degree subversive of ihein: it prevented a proper
regulation of the system under the authority of the
Sute. While the New Yoik pilots, under the
jiewsystem, were subjected to ligid legulauonsctnd
to an active competition among themselves, they
found other competitors in the iield under the law
of New Jersey, persons exempt from all contiol
by the laws of New York, and nciing independent-
ly of her authority. After submitting to this .state
of things eight years, the Legislature ofNew York
believing it unequal and unjust to her own pilots,
repealed all her laws regulating pilotage by way of
Sandy Hook. The whole subject of pilotage for
the principal channel of commerce with the great
oommcrcml emporium of the Union is„ unregulated
by law, excepting so far as the laws of New Jersey
have be^n mndc to operate within the tern tonal
limits of New York. Any person may pilot a
vessel into the port of New York, no matter how
incompetent he is. The pilots, licensed under the
New iork law of lb37, still retain their licenses,
but without legal regulation; a number of individ-
uals have received certificates from a voluntary
association—certificates given without a shadow of
authority; anjl the New Jersey pilots are exten-
sivety engaged in the business of piloting; bat
there is no common system of rules established
under the authon'y of the State of New Yoik, to
wnich either of these classes of persons are ame-
nable; and sue has by the act ot Congress been
deprived of the power of establishing a°system to
which all shall be required to conform, and the
act of Congiess pre^Tibes none.
In order that there may be an end to this state
of things, we a.*k for a lepea] of the act of Con-
gress, by which it has been pioduced. The grounds
on winch the repeal is sought may be bnefly stated
thus:
1. it is in the highest degree unjust to the State
ofNew York, to lake fiom her the right of pro-
viding, by ^ueh regulations as she sees proper,
for piloting vessels into her principal seapon—the
only one, indeed, in lespeot to which regulations
for pilots are requited. i>y authoiizmg the pilots
of another State, licensed and governed by laws
over which she has no control, to take vessels in
and out of the city ofNew Yoik, the Slate is vir-
tually stripped of a portion of her so \ eieignty, dnd
the legislation of another State is enforced, With-
out her consent and against her wishes, within her
own territorial limits.
2. To allow pilots licensed under the laws of
another State to bring in and carry out vessels to ;
and from the port of New York, is authorizing i
officers of one State to execute public functions j
-within the territorial limits of another. We insist i
that if Congress, under the Constitution, under- j
takes to exercise-the power of regulating pilotage :
in any other mode than by the adoption, of the i
j laws of the States within their own respective j
i limits, it should do so directly, by providing for j
I the appointment and government of pilots, under j
j rules instituted by itself, and riot by the offensive, !
i and, as is contended, the unauthorized measure of j
| allowing officers or agents of one State to perform :
j public acts within the territorial limits and juris- I
j diction of another. :
I 3. The act of Congress is in its operation un- j
| equal as a regulation of commerce, and, therefore, ]
i in violation of that provision of the Constitution ;
I which declares that " no preference shall be given,
| by any regulation of commerce or revenue, to the
! ports of one State over those of another." Mas-"
I sachusetts has the exclusive regulation of the piiot-
j age for the port of Boston, Salem, New Bedford,
; &c.; South Carolina for Chaileston; Alabama for
| Mobile, &c.; while New York is not permitted to
i provide for the regulation of pilots for her princi-
| pal seaport. While the jurisdiction of the States
j referred to is exclusive in respect to pilofs for the
| ports I have named, hers is concurrent with the
' State ofNew Jersey. Besides, there is no equal-
ity in the existing system, as between the Suites
of New York, and New Jersey, considered by
themselves. While the New Jersey pilots receive
from ^25,000 to §30,000 per annum for piloting
vessels to and fiom the city of New York, no New
Yoik pilot, that 1 can learn, receives a dollar for
piloting a vessel into a port in New Jersey. The
advantage is all on one side. The act of Congress,
though expressed in general terms, and apparently
equal in its effects, is, from local ciicumstances,
partial, unequal, and unjust.
4. The act of Congress was procured through
misapprehension, by attributing to the New York
pilots disasteis for which they were not fairly le-
sponsiolc.
5. If the New York pilots had been responsible
for the disasteis attubuted to their negligence, the
defects of the system under which they weie ap- 1
pointed, wore revised by the legislation of the j
State of New York, framed with the greatest de-
liberation, which ought to have been permitted 1
to go into opeiation without interference by Con- 1
gress. j
G. That the act of Congress has led to dissen- !
sions and litigation, not only between citizens of I
different States, but between different classes in the |
same State. The pilots of Louisiana have been !
involved m litigation with the pilots of Mississippi;
the pilots of Maryland with those of Virginia.
One of the Maryland pilots was thiown into prison
for piloting a vessel to Norfolk, and kept there
until released under the insolvent laws of Virginia.
And it is a striking lllustuition of the impolicy and
the injurious operation of the act of Congress, that 1
where the parties concerned stand on an equal ,
footing, ihty aie unanimous in urging its tepeal. ,
It is only when it is unequal in its'operation* that
the repeal is opposed. Thus, the pilots ot Mary- .
land, though aiuhoi;/.td under the act to pilot ves- '
sola into the ports of \ lrgima, on the Potomac and
Chesapeake bay, and the pilots of Virginia, though
authorized to pilot vessels into the ports of Mary-
land on the ^,une waters, have united in petitioning :
for its repeal. The State of Maryland also, m
mow oi me operation of the act in that State, re- i
innnstratcs against it, on the ground that it ''per-
mits the conflicting jurisdiction of adjacent States
to distiub and derange the best systems of piiot-
agc, w inch either may adopt." Sir, the only rem-
edy for the eviis it has caused, is its unconditional ■
repeal, in^ordcr that each may be left to regulate
its own pilotage for itself, accoidiug to the system
which existed for nearly half a century after the
organization of the Federal Government. And I
wiU only aud that, in this event, I am sure the
subject will be disposed of by New York with a
just dud liberal regard to her mercantile interest, 1
and in such manner as to remove all ground of
complaint from any quarter, ' 1
Mr. MILLER. This is a subject of deep inter- ,
est to the commercial and navigating interests of i
the country, and is of too much importance to be
disposed of in the morning hour. I suggested to
the honorable Senator from New York to appoint
a day for the consideration of this bill, when those
interested in the matter might be present, and the
Senate be full. I do not propose this morning to
enter into the discussion of tne subject, or to an-
swer the remarks of the Senator from New York.
My object simply is, to have an understanding with
the Senator, that this bill shall either be set down
for a particular day, or, if passed by informally
now, that an understanding maybe had that it wili
not he called up without pievious notice. To one
remark of the honorable Senator which he made
in the commencement of his speech, I may be per-
mitted to allude, as without reply it might preju-
dice the interests of some of those who are inter-*
p«?ted in the bill. It has been stated by the Sena-
tor from New York that this bill was originally
passed in a great hurry by Congress, thus insinu-
ating that it was passed without due reflection and
deliberation. Now, it is true that the bill passed
without much debate, but I think it can be made
perfectly manifest to the Senate, when they come
to look into the facts of the case, that if there was
any hurry, it was owing to the circumstances of
the case, and that the bill was promptly passed, in
order to afford protection to the lives and property
of our citizens. But however that m&y be with
regard to the passage of the bill, certain it is, that
there has been since abundance of time for reflec-
tion. Every year since the passage of this law,
down to the present day, these pilots of New York
have presented themselves here for the purpose of
obtaining its repeal. At one time it received the -
consideration of a committee of this body, and a
report was made, which is now upon the files of
the Senate, and ever since the subjoct has been
repeatedly presented, not only here, but through-
out the country. It has thus undergone a very
attentive examination. After a most mature con-
sideration of the whole subject, the Legislature of
New York finally came to the conclusion that the
law as it now stands was a just one, and should
be maintained: I speak of the resolution which
passed the Legislature relative to this very subject.
However, I do not intend to go into the subject
now, but merely remaik, that if these pilots showed
half as much attention to the ships coming into the
port of New York as they have to this bill, there
would be no ground of complaint. I move that
the bill be postponed to a future day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If I had sup-
posed that this bill was coming up this morning,
I would have brought with me certain documents
and papers, which bear upon th^ subject. With-
out going into the matter as fully as 1 would have
done had I been aware that the consideration of it
was to be taken up in the morning hour to-day,
I may throw out one or two ideas in reference to
it. I generally agree with the honorable gentle-
man from New York on commeicial subjects;
but I cannot, in the present case, at all concur
with his views. In my judgment, it is not ex-
pedient to repeal this law, and I agree with my
friend from New Jersey that. this is a measure of
very great importance, affecting interests of con-
siderable magnitude, and is not to be passed upon
hastily or inconsiderately. The first inquiry that,
naturally presents itself is, who desires the repeal
of this law? So far as I am able to ascertain, the
repeal of the law is not sought or desired by any
parties cxcept the pilots belonging to the city of
New Yoik. I believe that the papers relating to
the subjcct in my possession do not show that any
other class of individuals connected with the ship-
ping interest of the country desire the- repeal of
the law, except those pilots. And why do they
desire a repeal of the law? A brief reference to
the history of the circumstances m which the law
originated may assist us in answering this ques-
tion.
It seems that a combination existed among the
New York pilots, antecedent to the passage of this
law, by which they entered into an arrangement
to uisuibute amongst themselves the fees received
from pilotage in that harbor; and that, in ac&rd-
ance with this arrangement, they dn ided themselves
into parties, going down alternately to Sandy
Hook, and anchoring there, bringing vessels into
port with as little inconvenience to themselves as
possible. The result was those frightful calam-
ities by shipwreck, to winch the gentleman from
New jersey alluded, and which were ascribed to
