630
rnncernecTharc confidence in him. He can do
more in my opinion, towards a satisfactory ad-
ustment of them than any other man. I will only
Bay in conclusion, Mr. President, that the way in
which the Government will best consult its own
interest, as well as its honor, is by the settlement
of the claims before us, with no grudging and mi-
serly hand, but with a well-ordered and discreet
liberality, and above all, with the promptness which
the peculiar circumstances attending them imper-
atively demand.
Mr. BXJTLER. This is not a flatter which
admits of a compromise with inclination. Until I
heard this discussion, I had no definite opinion on
some of the provisions of this bill. My inclina-
tion had been to provide for the payment of the
claims, because we had adopted the acts out of
which they had grown, and have had the benefit of
them. But, under the Constitution, we have 110
authority for making this appointment of ail officer
to settle the claims. The question is asked, is this
an office? I will tell you what it is. It is authority
to an individual to disburse seven hundred thou-
sand dollars—for the payment of what > For the
.payment of troops. What is he, then? In any
point of view, he is a paymaster. A paymaster of
what? A paymaster of the troops of the United
States. I do not mean troops originally employed
by the United States, but of whose services the
United States have availed themselves—the Cali-
fornia battalion. He is neither more nor less than
paymaster of the troops who have rendered ser-
vices to the United States. But he is more than
that. His office differs from that of paymaster of
regular troops, by giving him greater power; for
he is both auditor and paymaster, with discretion-
ary power to decide the claims. His certificate,
signed by two others, is to be conclusive authority
to pay. It must come to that, disguise it as you
please. The honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina has undertaken to quote several precedents,
but, in my estimation, there is not one of them in
point." It seems to me tliey do not suppoit the
case at all. I know there arc rases that may be
quoted, where Congress, as a legislative body, lias
assigned to the incumbent of an office alieady cre-
ated new duties. A preexisting officer may have
new duties assigned to him, anil he is at liberty to
take upon himself those new duties, or not, as he
pleases. In other instances, functions may be de-
volved on a recognized public officer, acting under
the guarantees ot a previous appointment, which
he may discharge gratuitously, for the benefit of
persons claiming the benefit of the benevolent act
of the Government; not as obligatory duties, but
as gratuities. Where duties are assigned to judges
that did not pertain to their office, they might de-
cline to perform them as official duties, whilst tliey
could well discharge such acts without official ob-
ligation, as acts of benevolence, for the benefit of
individuals as well as for the convenience of the
Government. There is no one of the precedents
that have been quoted that docs not come to this:
that an officer may have new duties assigned him,
or may perform gratuitous services of his own
accord. Another class of cases has been quoted,
involving the distinction between an officer and an
employment. That distinction is sometimes nar-
row, and not easily recognized; whilst again it be-
comes palpable, and may be obviously observed.
' Take one of the instances referred to by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. Mr. Trumbull was
employed to paint certain pictures for the rotundo
of the (Japitol. This was an employment referable
to contract. It did not devolve upon him any such
duties as constitute an office having the complex-
ion of a publictrust. It was a spccilic employment,
and not an office like this, requiring discretion and
judgment in the disbursement of public moneys,
under a salary. I could go on and demonstrate the
distinction by numerous cases,ifl weredisposed to
enter at large into the subject, but I deem it wholly
unnecessary to detain the Senate. The case of the
Pea Patch Island has been referred to. I believe
the appointment of arbitrator in that case was made
by the President.
Mr. MASON. I believe that the act of Con-
gress in relation to that case merely requested and
authorized the President to have the matter adjust-
ed, without indicating how it should be done. He
proceeded to carry out the intention of Congress
by employing Mr. Sargeant as arbitrator.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not propose to enter into
the argument. 1 simply stated my reasons gen-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
erally for regarding this individual—Colonel Fre-
mont—as as officer. He is certainly an officer for
disbursing $700,000. If this be not so, I certainly
do not know what he is.
Mr. RUSK. The bill does not authorize him
to make payments at all. After he shall have ad-
judicated the claims, they shall be paid, according
to the terms of the act, by some officer of the Gov-
ernment.
JMr. BUTLER. The bill appropriates the money
for payment of the claims; and they may be paid
by the very officer who adjudicates them, and, in
effect, they are paid on his certificate. He is a
judicial paymaster, with judicial powers. I will
not say that the Legislature might not appoint as
competent an officer as the President may, nor
that Lieutenant Colonel Fremont would not be my
choice. He is a gentleman of rare endowments,
of rare abilities; and if the selection rested Mith
me, he would be the very individual whom I would
select. Let it not be supposed that my objection
to the bill arises from any objection to the indi-
vidual indicated. That is not the ground of my
opposition at all; but it rests upon the isolated
ground that I have intimated. I trust that the bill
will be recommitted, and so amended that the Pres-
ident shall have the nomination of the commis-
sioner.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, before he concludes his
remarks, to put his construction upon the decision
of the Supreme Court, to which 1 referred.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 understand that to be entirely
different from the present case. The Solicitor of
the Treasuiy was an officer already in office. You
have superadded to his duties, it is true; and to
this 1 do not object. I do not say that after you
have appointed a judge" you shall not superadd
to his original duties the duties belonging to an
appellate jurisdiction. I am satisfied of one thing,
that this is an officer to disburse or adjudicate
jp700,000; and that the individual appointed will,
lo all intents and purposes, be the paymaster of
officers and troops m California, instead of troops
within the United States.
Mr. BENTON. The reading of the bill, as to
the duties of this officer, will show that there is a
mistake on the part of the honorable Senator—
that Ins whole argument has turned upon an entire
misapprehension.
This bill has a discrimination between the offi-
cers who have the duties to perform of paying mo-
ney and the comtn^sioners who have to adjudicate
the claims. The one is a board, the other is an
officer. The bill provides that the payment of
these claims, after they are ascertained by a board
of commissioners, shall be made by an officer, either
duly appointed for the purpose, or designated by
the President. If there bo an officer who can be
spared from his ordinary duties, the President may
direct him to make the payments; but if no one
can be spared, then one shall be appointed for the
purpose. The bill is entirely difl'eient from what
seems to be supposed by the horn rable Senator
fioin South Caioima. It contains an actual pro-
vision for the appointment of an officer by the
President and Senate, for the purpose of making
these payments, if they do not lind an officer who
can be spared:
<• Winch certificates shall be forthwith paid in California
by Mime officer dut> appointed or designated for the pur-
pose T;
Thus you see the bill provides for the due ap-
pointment of an officer, if 110 one can be spared;
but it leaves ic entirely with the Executive Gov-
ernment to say wliethei one can be spared. This
shows that the objections of the honorable Senator
from South Carolina have turned on a total misap-
prehension of the provisions of the bill. And to this
misapprehension may be added what lias been read
and re-read by the Senator fiom Texas 111 the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
that not merely an officer existing may have ad-
ditional duties put upon him, but that any one
may be named by Congress to perform a specific
duty. Sir, there is a decision of the highest tribu-
nal which is known to this country, which has
been referred to by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, in which the judges did not accept cumula-
tively the duties of arbitrators in their character
of judges, but they took upon themselves the du-
ties separately and distinctly, adjourning the court
from day to day, and taking care to lay aside their
judicial character. The case of the Pea Patch
Island has been referred to. It was a bill twice
passed by the Senate to arbitrate the Pea Patch
Island; and in one R. B. Taney, and in the other
H. Binney, named as the commissioner.
This bill came from the Judiciary Committee, a
committee presumed to know what the law is.
Another bill, in 1844, was introduced by a Senator
from Delaware, (Mr. Bayard,) and sent to the
Judiciary Committee, and reported without amend-
ment. This shows the sense of tfiat committee.
The submission is, in one to Mr. Binney, in the
other to Roger B. Taney, of Baltimore, in his pri-
vate character, and not in his character of Chief
justice! So that these two cases, in addition to
those already presented, are, to my mind, as con-
clusive as anything can be that there is full power
in Congress to make the appointment. I appre-
hend, sir, that after the judicial decisions which
have been read by the Senator from North Caro-
lina and by the Senator from Texas, and these two ,
cases front our own bills that have been shown
here, there is nothing further to be said on the
point of power.
Now, the question is upon a proposition to re-
commit this bill, with instructions, and the instruc-
tions go to leave out the mass of the claims to be
provided for, to leave out all that have been ascer-
tained and adjusted, to leave out all those which
are now in this city for payment, and to carry all
back to California for settlement there. The bill
as drawn, discriminates between those claims the
amount of which has been fixed and allowed, and
those which are uncertain; and it provides for the
immediate payment of the ascertained claims, and
for paying the unsettled ones at the proper place,
to wit, 111 California, so as to prevent them from
coming into the hands of speculators and agents.
The board is only to act on the unascertained
claims. The bill provides for paying the expenses
of the civil government established by Commodoie
Stockton, and to pay all just claims arising out of
the military operations m California; but the re-
eommitment cuts off all the expenses of the civil
government. We know perfectly well that a por-
tion of the navy was directed to proceed to the
coast of California, to take possession of the coun-
try, and establish a temporary civil government.
The instructions, as drawn up by the Senator from
Virginia, cut off the whole of this class of claims.
The expenses of the civil government are cut off,
although that government was established under
the precise instructions of the President of the
United Slates. The instuictions also cut off, as I
said before, all the claims which have been liqui-
dated, the amount of which is evidenced by a
proper instrument from Commodore Stockton or
Lieutenant Colonel Fremont. They cut off also
the claims that are payable upon evidence of mus-
ter rolls, and also upon authenticated discharges
of soldiers. The bill is for the payment of classes
of claims, some ascertained, some not; many of
those ascertained are now waiting in this city for
payment. According to these instructions, drawn
up by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
they must ail go back to California, and have their
claims examined over again. The instructions go
to cut off four classes of ascertained claims, and
to send the claimants back three thousand miles to
the other side of the continent, to have their claims
again examined. Lieutenant Colonel Fremont, as
Governor of California, drew bills for the payment
of the expenses of the civil government. These
bills came here, were protested for non-payment,
and are now standing against him.
In speaking of that part of the claims which
have accrued without the positive authority of the
Government of the United States, the Senator from
Texas has very properly told you that they are
only a fraction of the whole amount. They are
the claims which accrued in about thirty days, m
the beginning of the military operations, during
the time when the independent or grisly bear flag
was raised—when there were perhaps not three
hundred men engaged. It was 111 the beginning
of June that this flag was hoisted. In the begin-
ning of July, Fremont and those with him joined
Commodore Sloat, and took the flag of the United
States, and soon after went under Commodore
| Stockton as commander-in-chief. From that time
i they were acting under the authority of the United
j States, and it was after that period that the great
I mass of the claims originated. Only a fraction of
j them accrued before.. I think that by the time we
i meet again, I shall be able to submit a proviso
