1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
limiting the unauthorized part of the expenditures,
and bringing them down.to perhaps one-twentieth
part of what the bill contains.
Now, after having shown that the instructions
which have been submitted go to change the
whole character of the bill, and cut off four differ-
ent classes of the claims and send them back to
California—cutting off, too, the whole expenses of
the civil government—cutting off the bills now in
this city drawn by Fremont, and protested—cut-
ting off payments upon evidence of muster-rolls,—
after this, all I have to say is, that if the instruc-
tions prevail I shall vote against the -bill. It was
in the month of October last thatFremont brought
this subject before the Secretary of War, and
brought to his attention the different classes of
claims. One was for the payment of volunteers.
His answer was, that the case required special
legislation. But, sir, it is difficult for me to con-
ceive why it should require special legislation,
when the naval officers were specifically command-
ed to establish a temporary government there—
when they were peremptorily told that they were
expected not only to conquer the country, but to
hold it, and to establish a temporary civil govern-
ment. Was this government to live upon air?
Was it (o have no support? Does not the order
to establish the government carry along with it the
right to support it? Sir, i admit no want of au-
thority in the drawing of these bills. We admit
that Colonel Fremont acted without authority in
taking up arms to defend the men, women, atul
children, whose lives were menaced, not only v/iih
the destruction of their fields by fire, but with' the
horrors of an Indian war. We admit, that for
about thirty days, he acted without authority
from the Government; and we own and declare
that he made it apparent to the world that ho did
so by putting up, not the Hag of the United States,
but an independent (lag lie declared that it was
not the power of the United States, but a new
power; and that very act absolved the United
States from it. As soon as it was found that the
United Slates and Mexico were at war, that flag
was pulled down, and Colonel Fremont and his
men passed under the command of Commodore
Stockton, not in cooperation with Commodore
Stockton, but in subordination to him, upon a
written agreement to serve under his orders. That
engagement was religiously kept. From that time
forth, we admit no want of power, no want of au-
thority. From that time forth we declare there
was full authority to do everything that was done;
yet the whole mass almost of the claims that are
nere arose after that time, and m the pursuance of
that for which they had full authority to carry on !
hostilities, and to establish and maintain a tempo- i
raiy civil government. When gentlemen ti^am j
Apeak on the subject, and suppose that Fremont
incurred several hundred thousand dollars expense
without authority, I must beg them to go back to
the point to which the Senator from Texas con-
ducted them1 to-day. For a period of thirty days
we admit there was no authority, Fremont did an
act for which he had no authority; but I will un-
dertake to say, that if General Jackson were alive
he would not he ashamed of such an incident in his
life. He would say, "Write it down. I take the
( responsibility. i saved my countrymen, men,
* women, and children, from the tomahawk of the
i savage. Write it ail down." When Fremont
wrote me an account of it from California, he sent
me at the same time a blank, to send in his resig-
nation if there was any disapprobation of what he
had done. To a man of honor and patriotism there
are obligations infinitely higher than any that a
commission imposes, and in discharge of which,
commissions will be despised. This was, then,
Fremont's case. He saw that his fellow-country-
mcn were in danger; he acted under a sense of great
responsibility, of agonizing i'esponHbility, but in
obedience to the dictates of his conscience, and
ready and willing to risk a responsibility above
that of a military commission—the moral sense of
his countrymen. And it has justified what was
done. Far from wishing to throw upon the Ad-
ministration, either as individuals or as a Govern-
ment, the responsibility of the act from which the
Senator from Yirginia>|_Mr. Mason] took so much
paths to free them, Mr. Fremont requested, in his
late trial, that he might be put upon trial before the
court martial for taking up arms without authority
of the Government. He asked, and in writing, to
have that act included m the charges made against
him, that there might appear on the record judi-
cially, and forever, an exemption of the Govern-
ment from any responsibility of that act.
Nov/, what is the motion? To recommit the
bill. For what purpose? That • the-committee
may exercise some discretion when they come to-
gether? that they may assemble for the purpose of
considering the matter, and devising an appropri-
ate remedy? No, sir! the instruction is peremp-
tory. It is an order to the committee to assemble'
in their committee-room, ahd transcribe the words
given to them. It is to make the committee the
amanuensis of the gentleman 1 The committee is
to be assefnbled, not for the purpose of thinking
and determining, but for the purpose of transcrib-
ing the words that are given to them. Why, the
motion is properly the subject of an amendment to
be made atyour tabic. It is a proper one for the
vote of the Senate, without putting the committee
to the trouble of assembling and transcribing it.
The whole object may be accomplished, if the Sen-
ate favors his motion, by leaving out the words, in
lines ten and eleven of section two,from the words
"consisting of," to the word "officers." The re-
commitment would be useless; for the Senate can,
if it please, make the amendment itself, and with-
out trouble to the committee, and the delay it
would occasion. It would be pernicious; for it
would cut off the ascertained claims from payment
at once, and send them three thousand miles to be
ascertained over again before paid, If proceeds
upon a mistake—that the whole $700,000 was in*
curred by Mr. Fremont without authority, when
only a fraction of that amount, say the one-twen-
tictn part, was so incurred—all the rest being
incurred underthe command of Commodoie Stock-
ton, acting with the authority and approbation of
the Government. And for thus mimII amount, done
without authoiity, tho Government has received
and retained all the fruity. It received all the ben-
efit of the whole movement for independence, and
it is right and high time, after almost two yems,
that it should pay the expenses of it.
Mr. PHELPS. It appears to me, that in any
view that can be taken -of the subject, the bill re-
quires amendment. The Senator will pardon me
for saying that it is neither "fish, flesh,nor fowl."
It has no precedent anywhere. It appears*to me
that this office which is to be created is an office
within the provisions of the Constitution. It is a
judicial office; for, by the terms of the bill, the de-
cision of this board of commissioners is to be final.
It is impossibly for me to distinguish between the
duty conferred by this bill, and the duty conferred
upon a vast variety of otiicers discharging similar
duties, whoxcnppomtmcnts are required to be made
by the President with the concurrence of the Sen-
ate. The case of the Pea l\iteh Island was a mere
matter of arbitration. It was a .selection of an
arbitrator by the parties, because the appointment
by the President conld have had no validity at $11,
except by the concui rcnce of the parties. '.The act
giving the President power to appoint, was nothing
more nor less than declaring the assentof Congress.
Such cases have no sort of analogy with the pres-
ent, nor does tho authority citecl by the Senator
seem to have any direct bearing upon this case.
A claim against the P<jst Office Department, or
rather against the Government, was-directed to be
examined by the Solicitor of the Treasury, and
officers known to the treasury. He made his
award. The Postmaster General attempted to
overrule his decision, and tho question was raised
whether it was consistent for the Postmaster Gen-
eral to reverse the decision of the Solicitor of tho
Treasury. The decision was, and very properly
I think, that inasmuch as Congress had submitted
the question to the Solicitor of the Treasury, whose
determination should be tinal, the Postmaster Gen-
eral had no control over it. But it is perfectly ob-
vious that this is not a question respecting the
legality of appointment. The only question was,
whether, by any law, the decision of the Solicitor
could be reexamined. I have no hesitation in say-
ing that Congress, when they passed the act in
1792, intended to confer the power upon the board
as such; but when the court came to consider it,
they came to the decision that it was not intended
to confer the jjovver as a legal power. What then ?
Why, if they give cffcct to the power at all, they
must treat it as a power conferred upon them indi-
vidually, and take the expression to be a mere
designation of-parties. .Was there any question
there like the present? Did< the court "undertake
to discuss the question whetherCongress hadlhe
power to appoint an officer without consulting the
President? Sir, the difficulty in. all; these, prece.-
dents is, that the question was notbefore the court.
The bill was then passed over informally;
And, on motion, the Senate adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, dpril 14, 1848.
The Journal having been read, the debate was
resumed on the report of the Committee of Elec*
tions in the case of the contested election for the
sixth Congressional district of New York, by Mr.
VAN DYKE, who had the floor from yesterday,
and who spoke through his allotted hour.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, then moved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar; which being agreed
to, the House went into committee accordingly,
(Mr. Mouse in the chair.)
The committee proceeded to consider the bill for
settling the claim of the legal representatives of
Richard W. Meade, deceased.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to amend the bill, by
adding a section requiring the legal representatives
to advertise in the two principal newspapers of
Washington, once a month for six months, the act
of Congress for their relief, together with a notice
requiring all persons claiming to be principals or
representatives of those for whom said Meade
acted as agent on account of claims against Spain,
included in the act, to appear and prove their
claims, and to receive the sums to which they may
he found to be entitled, abating commissions for
services of said Meade, under agreement or ar-
lancement with any of the parties; or* m case of
no cement, such sum as the accounting officers
of the tieasury may deem just for the expense and
trouble incurred by said Meade and his legal rep-
resentatives in the prosecution of said claims; and
no money due said Meade as agent to be paid to
the legal representatives beyond the commissions
Meade would have been entitled to as agent, &c.
Mr. A. explained and enforced his amendment.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, warmly ad-
vocated the bill. „
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, opposed it.
Mr. J. K. INGERSOLL advocated it.
[Mr. I. made an explanation of the merits of the
bill, to the following effect:
Tins claim was once of unquestionable validity
on the Government of Spain. It has changed its
character only so far as respects the proper party
liable to pay it. In amount, in principle, in clear-
ness, in strength, no alteration has taken place in
the long lapse of time. The only difference is,
that the Government of the United States has been
 su!i;.fiiuied aw the dcbtoi in the place of the Gov-
ernment of Spain. This substitution lias been
effected by the mere voluntary, unsolicited, and
repeated act of the United States. In effecting this
result, the Government has acted in the due exer-
cise of its treaty-making power. It has indulged
in a constitutional use of its functions. It has re-
nounced once and again to Spain all claim of this
its citizen. So far it had a right. But in'exer-
cising that high constitutional power, it has as-
sumed a constitutional obligation, no less certain, of
perfect and satisfactory remuneration. " Nor shall
private property be taken for public use without
j list compensation." [Amendments Con. U. S.,
Art. 8.] For the sake of the Floridas, which be-
came a fair and valuable possession, this relinquish-
ment was made. No one has ever regretted the
large addition to our national soil, now fast peo-
pling with freemen. Nor ought there to be the
slightest hesitation in standmgup to the equivalent
while we are in literal enjoyment of the bounty;
otherwise the Government sacrifices the rights of
its citizens on the altar of its own overreaching
ambition. It would make a sad exhibition of the
faithlessness and unnatural feelings of republics,
at a moment when our example ought to shine
like the morning star, were we to avail ourselves
of the property and immolated rights of our people
for the national gaod, and then leave ihem unre-
dressed and scorned.
During a course of extensive commercial opera-
tions, Mr. Meade had-large dealing* with the
Government of Spain. Hisr residence m that coun-
try was- at a -tii«e. when disturbed by domestic
trouble* *nd distressed by hostile invasion. Her
finances w-ers emhanrassed and her resources re-
