632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
dueed. The officers of the Government had occa-
sion to caJi for assistance from the moneyed and
business men of Cadiz, the great CQmmerctal me-
tropolis. No one of that class stood higher for
respectability in any shape, for wealth or liberality,
than Mr. Meade. He was frequently applied to
for-assistance, and freely answered to the applica-
tions. He sold goods, made loans, and furnished
provisions to the regular authorities. For a por-
tion of these transactions, lihramientos or promises
to pay were from time to time given to him, and
all of them have received the assent and confirma-
tion of the Crown.
He held a bill of exchange from the Minister of
Finance on the Viceroy of Mexico for three hun-
dred thousand dollars, to be paid in Yera Cruz in
specie, with license to export it to London. A
part only was paid, and that not in specie, but in
tobacco. The bill was protested, and a loss was
finally sustained exceeding one hundred thousand
dollars.
He was illegally and cruelly held' in prison for
two years under an arbitrary order of the Govern-
ment, and claims redress for this signal act of des-
potic tyranny. We who breathe the air of free-
dom can scarcely imagine the degree of oppression
which may be exercised in the name and by the
sanction of those who are high in office over the
innocent and the feeble. The pretext for this daring
violation of the rights and the liberties of an Amer-
ican citizen was,"that he sternly refused to comply
with an exaction afterwards fully acknowledged
to be unjust. A sum of money once already hand-
ed over by him was demanded a second time, and
it long incarceration, with all its fearful and per-
haps fatal consequences, was the barbarous penalty
of manly denial of the behests of high-handed and
inexorable wrong.
Thus stood the relations of the American citizen
towards the Spanish Crown when negotiations
were entered into for the purchase of the Floridas.
It was known that such purchase was to be made.
It was expected that it would create a fund for the
Jong-deferred and heart-sickened creditors of a de-
cayed and miserable monarchy. Invitation was
given to record with the Department of State of
the United States statements of all claims of our
citizens upon the Spanish Government, soliciting
the interposition of ourGovemmcnt in their behalf'; j
and this was to be done before any treaty should I
be signed. Mr. Meade accordingly came with his
partial lihramientos, his distant and cold royal ac-
knowledgments, his sufferings and his wiongs,
his painful recollections, and his now brightening
and beaming hopes, and deposited them all, just as
they were, unadjusted, almost unarranged, in the
hands of his own free and enlightened Govern-
ment. For its liability and its promises and good
faith, he was about to exchange, as he presumed,
a precarious dependence on a falling monarchy.
Fatal was his reliance—forlorn his hope.
The treaty was signed February 22, 1819—a
day once auspicious as the birthday of incarnate j
wisdom, honor, and integrity, now prolific in much j
Sad disappointment. The sixteenth orconcluding '
article of the treaty provided that it should be rati- I
fied in due form by the contracting parties, and
that the ratification should be exchanged in six j
months from the 22d February, 3819, or sooner if j
possible. Six months came and went without rati- I
fication or exchange of ratification. The treaty [
was to all appearance at an end. Hopes which '
had been turned for a season towards our own
Government were compelled reluctantly to revert i:
to Spain. The losses of Mr. Meade had been too ,
groat to brook further delay.
Constrained by the necessity of the case, and "
advised and assisted by the proper department at
home, he applied, through the intervention of the !'
American minister, to the Spanish Government for
redress. In one sense, though an abortive one,
he obtained it. A special junta of councillors was
named by the King to take cognizance of the claim.
A favorable award was made and approved by the
King, amounting to near $500,000 (9,853,072 20
s. 11 maravedis, or $491,153 62.) A certificate in
due form of acknowledgment was given to Mr.
Meade, who had, it is believed, gone to Spain to
prosecute his unhappy suit, and the letter of formal
announcement is in full preservation, dated at the
Royal Palace, at Madrid, 21st May, 1820. As it
became him to do, Mr. Meade officially made
known to the Secretary of State, and through him
.to .the President, these facts of final liquidation and
acknowledgment of the balance due by the Span-
ish nation, and transmitted the documents confirm-
atory of the result. This communication to Mr.
Adams was dated August IT, and Mr. Adams's
reply September 6,1820. In this reply the Secre-
tary of State, writing in his official capacity, offers
to Mr. Meade his congratulations upon the adjust-
ment of the accounts with the Spanish Govern-
ment, and assures him "that this Government feels
not a little gratification in having at all contributed
to this satisfactory result." The formal acknowl-
edgment of the royal debtor was made at a time
and under circumstances which authorized the be-
lief that he alone was to pay it.
It thus appears that the arrangement and settle-
ment, with Spain were effected with the aid and
cooperation, approved of, sanctioned, and confirm-
ed, and even rejoiced at and sympathized in, by
the proper organs of our own Government.
These events occurred while the treaty was a
dead letter. It remained so absolutely until the
24th October, 1820—twenty months after its date,
and fourteen months after the expiration of the
limited period of six months forits ratification, when
it received the signature of Ferdinand, the King of
Spain. Final ratification was given by the United
States on the 22d February, 1821, four months
afterwards, and no less than two years after its
formal completion and signature in Washington.
Mr. Meade now seemed to have a double chance
for "remuneration. In one form his claim was en-
titled to consideration from his own Government,
in the regular department of which it was duly
entered, although then somewhat wanting in pre-
cise and definite liquidation. In another form it
was before a foreign Government, adjusted, liqui-
dated, and fully recognized. He could scarcely
err in proceeding before the proper authority of
either; and he could not be in danger of losing
hold of the one by fairly presenting himself before
the other. In full reliance upon our own commis-
sioners, he presented his memorial, along with the
proofs of acknowledgment by the crown officers
of Spain and the very head of sovereignty itself.
The commissioners entertained doubts whether
they had jurisdiction over contracts which had
been made by citizens of the United States with
j the Government of Spain. They addressed a let-
ter to Mr. Adams on the 5th of March, 1822, sub- j
mitung an inquiry as to the intention of the treaty-
makers on this point. A reply, dated March 9th,
was made, that in providing for the claims of citi-
zens of the United States, it was not understood
by either party that claims arising from contract,
as they existed at the time of the signature of the
treaty, should be excluded from its benefit. By
this time it will be observed, the adjustment had
been made by the Spanish Government with Mr.
Meade, and he held in his hand the highest pos-
sible authentication; but he had given in exchange
for this acknowledgment the original vouchers by
which his case was originally sustained and made
clear.
A year had now elapsed of the time limited by
the treaty for the duration of the commission. We
are brought by this lapse of time to a second stage
of an eventful controversy. The commissioners,
regarding the claim as it was filed and presented
onginally, that is, unadjusted and unliquidated,
had no proofs before them according to their pecu-
liar views. They reasoned somewhat technically
that a new debt was created by the arrangement
with Spain, and the old one extinguished; and
thus the circumstance which should seem to have
been the best and strongest suppott—the settle-
ment and acknowledgment of the debtor—was fa-
tal to its existence.
Nothing was left, after delays and embarrass-
ments, and after disappointments in direct appeals
to the Spanish authorities for the dnginal vouch-
ers, who were shocked at the refusal to receive a
royal fiat as a proof of debt—nothing was left but
to apply through our own Government for the
return of those incidental proofs which had availed
with Spain. Accordingly, on the 18th of April,
1823, the commissioners addressed the Secretary
of State requesting his intervention u to require of
the&pamsh authorities the documents referred to."
Another eventful stage thus was reached; an-
other year and more of precious time was gone.j a
few short months only remained for negotiation
with the most ponderous and tardy moving of
Governments; a correspondence in all its diplo-
matic forms ensued. Other papers of different
claimants were found. "Those of Mr. Meade were
referred to by the American minister in Spain as
" so voluminous, although entered upon by the
Spanish officers apparently in good faith-to supply
them," as to " seem to forbid any well-founded ex-
pectation that they could be speedily furnished."
This was July 31,1824. If they ever came, they
came too late. The sands of the brief life of the
commission ran out, The five millions of dollars
applied by treaty for distribution among the claim-
ants were fully divided, exclusive of this claim.
All was closed, and the hopes of Mr. Meade in that
quarter were shut out forever.
A feeble ray of hope still remained that Spain
might redeem her pledge, notwithstanding the re-
linquishment of all claims by the treaty of 22d
February, 1819. Perhaps she would, but for the
new interposition of our Government. This glim-
mering light was extinguished by the treaty be-
tween the two countries of 17th February, 1834,
where renewed relinquishment was given of all
subsequent claims. Whatever contingency there
might have been in the debt having been changed
into one of a higher nature after the first treaty was
signed, was now unhappily resolved by the relin-
quishment of everything in the second. Thus cut
off from resort to Spain by double treaty abandon-
ment, cut off from an appeal to the commission by
lapse of time, and inefficiency or inability of the
Government to get the papers in season, the only
last hope is in this claim 'on Congress.
What, however, is claimed ? Not money—noth-
ing like it. Not favor; not even a measure of con-
stitutional justice; for private property has been
taken^and yet just compensation will not imme-
diately be made. Nothing is asked except to be
placed before a commission exactly as the peti-
tioner's testator was when the delay of the com-
mission had not taken place, and the time for its
performance of duty had not elapsed. The ignis
fatuus of government justice has throughout the
whole course of the transaction lured only to
betray.]
Mr, DUERj after some remarks, moved to amend
the firstsection byaddingthefollowing: " Provided,
hoivever, That the said officers shall not be bound
by, nor regard as evidence, the liquidation and
settlement of said claim made by the Spanish Gov-
ernment. "
Mr. BOYDON made a few remarks; after which
the committee rose, and reported progress.
Senate bills of the following titles were taken up,
read twice, and appropriately referred:
A bill for the relief of Commodore Foxall A.
Parker, of the United States navy.
A bill for the issuing of a register to the brig
Palmetto.
A bill for the relief of Christopher Cunningham.
A bill for the relief of Jose Argote Villard Cos,
Marie Rose, Francois Felix Marquis de Fougeres,
or their heirs or legal representatives.
The joint resolution for the relief of J. Melville
Gilliss, which was reported by the Committee of
the Whole on Saturday last, was taken up.
Mr. SAWYER rose, but, before proceeding in
any remarks, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. JOHN B. THOMPSON: The petition of Cary H.
Fry, late major of the second regiment of Kentucky volun-
teers tor losses sustained in the present war with Mexico.
By Mr. NTCOLL.: The memorial of William B. Bird, of
the city sf New York, asking to be refunded duties on goods
destroyed bv fire in the city of New York in the month of
December, 1809.
By Mr. ROOT: The petition of 41 citizens of Dedham
and Eddington, New Hampshire, for an inquiry into the
slave trade in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: The petition and
documents of Elizabeth Kinney,'of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The petition of the offi-
cers and members of the Navigation and Hydraulic Com-
pany of ihe Mississippi Rapids, praying for a grant of two
hundred thousand acresof unappropriated land, to be selected
by said company, for the purpose of improving the naviga-
tion of the &<ud river by a canal around the falls.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jipril 14, 1848.
The following message was received from,the
President of the United States, by Mr. Walker,
his Secretary:
To the Senate of the United States:
In answer to the tesolution of the Spnate of the 28th of
March, ,1848,,I communicate herewith ^ report of the Sec-
