1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
this power, because it could only be used by the
Slates as sovereigns making treaties with each other,
and because its exercise was probably to be a detri-
ment to the commercial interests of our political
family, and a cause of dissension among us. The
same clause which conveyed this power in regard
to the commerce of the States, gave it also in rela-
tion to foreign nations and Indian tribes. If the
construction were admitted that the power to regu-
late commerce carries with it the right to improve
the channels through which it is transmitted, there
would be no limit to our appropriations within the
most remote port which our merchantmen visit, or
the least known Indian tribe-with whom our fur
traders hold intercourse. ,
Any rule which could be laid down as a limit to
the extent which the Federal Government may con-
stitutionally go in works of improvement, must be
found in practice defective, and liable, in the pro-
gress of legislation, to be lost sight of, unless that
rule has within it its own limitation. It might,
■with great fairness, be urged that the Federal Gov- .
eminent is bound, as one who uses the public |
highways, to contribute its proportion of the labor
necessary to keep them in repair; and if this were
an occasion proper to the discussion of the general
subject, it might easily be shown that both histori-
cally and practically the Ohio river is emphatically
a national highway, and entitled as such to all
•which the Federal Government has a right to be-
stow. If appropriations to rivers and harbors
were limited to the amount collected by charges
imposed upon their commerce, we should have a
guide and a check to expenditures on their im-
provement. On our great western rivers, so often
selected as the foundation of an argument, a very
light tonnage duty would suffice to make all the
improvements which have been, or ever will be,
requned i'or their successful navigation. The gen-
eral application of such a rule would impose the
burden upon those who rceeive the beneiit of im-
provements; our legislation would be freed from
alliances which corrupt it at the fountain, and over-
burden the national treasury by appropriations for
local objects.
Whilst I agree with the Senator from Alabama
in the general principles which he has stated, I
disagtee with the view which he has taken of the
pmticular case. To tap a stream, or to remove a
natural dam, is among the most difficult problems
of civil engineering, and admitted to be attended
by all the dangers winch the Senator has indicated;
but to improve the bed of a stream, to increase
without radically changing the natural advantages
of a national highway, uie cases widely dill'enng
from those put Ijy the Senator, whether they be
viewed as questions of engineering or of conslitu-
tionul consiiueliou. The cases put by the (Sena-
tor endanger the natural navigation, by diawmg
oil' the original pools, or, by leaving the highviay
common to the States, and entering with a canal
the territory of a particular State, invade us sover-
eignty over the soil. These are objections which
do not apply to the question before us, if it were
presented for original decision, instead of being, as
itis,apropbsition to lemedyan evil wluch the form-
er action of the General Goverumenthas inflicted.
The Senator lrom South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] offers the practice of erecting light-houses
and buoys in the harbors on our seacoast, as an
argument for the existence of the power to im-
prove the channels of lnteiior commerce. With
great deference to the acknowledged ability of that
Senator, I ditfer entirely from his conclusion, and
deny the. analogy upon which .he insists. The
erection of light-liouses upon our maritime coast,
•and the placing of buoys to mark the entrance
into our harbors, are mainly referable to the power
to maintain a navy, and provide for the common
defence; though 1 will admit that the construction
of light-houses and buoys may also be drawn
from the power to regulate commerce, and for like
reasons as apply to the construction of docks,
ways, and warehouses. For convenience and secu-
rity in the collection of imposts, we require goods
imported into the country to be laid down at par-
ticular places; ihence arises an obligation to facili-
tate the entrance of vessels to the places so desig-
nated, and, facility and security being the common
benefit of the parties, tonnage dunes and port
charges are imposed, and serve to create the means
for Harbor improvements. Surely this cannot be
considered paiallel to the improvement of the route
over which the commerce is to pass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. How does
that agree with the provision of the Constitution
which gives power to the General Government to
regulate commerce among the States?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The power to
piespribe the rules for commerce among the States
was surrendered to the General Government; the
States were thenceforward deprived of the power
to impose restrictions or levy duties upon the com-
me'ree of each other; and the Federal Government
received that power under limitations which mark
the purpose of those who gave it. Our Constitu-
tion was to bring the States nearer to each other;
and this power, transferred to the General Govern-
ment, it was foreseen, would be the fruitful cause
of jealousy and strife; the barriers then opposed
by some States to the commerce of others were
swept away by the compact of union, and no
foundation was left upon which they could be
rebuilt. All had been done which constitutions
can achieve to give to the people of the United
States one commerce and interest. The Constitu-
tion of these United States is a monument to free
trade; and the various clauses in it bearing upon
this power to " regulate commerce among the
States" show that it was not to give activity to the
exercise of it, but to restrain the States, that it was
conferied upon the Fedeial Government. It was
not my purpose to enter into the discussion of the
great principles which have been alluded to, but
only to point out some of the peculiarities of the
ease under consideration, which, in my opinion,
make it an exception to the general rule, and,
therefore, free it from objections which might gen-
erally obtain. „
Mr. CALHOUN. As the Senator from Mis-
sissippi thought proper to attack the giound on
which I rest my support of this bill, while he con-
curs with me m supporting it, 1 feel called on
briefly to reply to his argument, lie says the
power to regulate commerce is restricted to the
power to prescribe rules, and does not include the
power to provide means for its safety and facility.
And yet, while he takes this position, he admits
the power of Congress to establish light-houses,
buoys, and beacons, to point the way into harbors
where duties are collected; and thus admits, to that
extent, that the power of prescribing rules includes
the power of providing for the safety and facility
of commerce. And he thereby admits it to rest
on the power to establish ports of entries and col-
lection of duties. This admission concedes the
whole right for which 1 contend, but places it on
grounds far less safe and well-delined. The estab-
lishment of ports of entry and collection of duties
are not confined to the seaboard. Tlicy extend
on the Mississippi far up the sticain,us high as
St. Louis and Cincinnati; and on his own show-
ing, Congress has the power, under the regulation
ol commerce, to provide lor Us safety and facility
up to these points, by removing the obstructions
in the channel of the river, which might endanger
or impede its navigation, lie will not, 1 feel eon-
lident, make a distinction between pointing out the
danger, and removing the cause of it—between the
power of establishing a light-house to point out
snags and sawyers at night, and removing them.
Nor can it be objected that the Mississippi is not
navigable for sea-going vessels. Under me power
of steam, it is navigated with almost the same fa-
cility that it would be, if, instead of a river, it was
, an arm of the ocean; while its great depth and
i volume of water admit vessels of as great a ton-
nage as most of the ports on the coast. JMor is it
a sufficient objection to say that its navigation
subjects it to great delay, in consequence ol' low
water, or ice. Vessels aie often delayed ill conse-
quence of adveise winds or calms off the ports on
the coast; but that is not a good reason why they
should not. be made ports of entry, and have the
entrance into them pointed out by light-houses,
buoys, and beacons. If it were, the harbor at the
mouth of Columbia river would forever remain
without these facilities; for vessels have been
known to he before it for months, before they
could enter; and, when they did, they entered with
gieat hazard.
1 cjo not wish to be understood by these remarks
to give my countenance to the ground on which
the Senator places the power. 1 iegard it as utter-
ly untenable and dangerous, as it would enable
•Congress to give any extension it pleased to the
power. I pass without notice the other grounds
on which h,e places the .power ",to provide and
maintain a navy," as I have already teplied to it
m answer to the Senator from Alabama.
As to internal improvement—that is, improve-
ment within a State—I am as much opposed to the
exercise of the power by this Government as either -
the Senator from Mississippi or Alabama can bei
I limit the power for which 1. contend to the great
highways, common to all the States, and, of course,
under the control and supervision of no one; to
their exterior intercourse wito each other, and not
to the internal intercourse within their separate
supervision and control. I feel assured that the
ground on which I rest the power is the only one
on which effectual resistance can be made to inter-
nal improvements, properly understood. To un-
dertake to give a construction to the power which
would include the seacoast, and exclude its afflux
to the Mississippi and the Lakes, must end either
in the entire abandonment of the power to estab-
lish light-houses, buoys, and beacons, or to give
unlimited extension to the power of Congress to
regulate commerce both within and without the
States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
South Carolina has misconstrued the admission
made by me as to the right to erect light-houses and
buoys. In addition to that which was referable to
the navy power, 1 said there also existed a power
incident to the legulation of commerce, to construct
light-houses and buoys where necessary to the
safety of those on whom our regulations were im-
posed. By making it a consequence of the laws
which require imported goods to be landed at par-
ticular places, it was sufficiently indicated that the
works should be connected with the places thus
prescribed. Tile refeience to the tonnage duties
und port charges, as laid m consideration ot the
harbor facilities furnisheil, certainly exhibited with
sufliuent clearness the extent of my admission.
1 believe it was originally the practice to limit ap-
propriation for a harbor to the amount of port and
tonnage duties collected at it. 1 wish the rule was
now m force. No admission has been made by
me which can be fairly construed as recognizing^
the right to expend means drawn from the national
treasury upon harbors which have no taxable
commerce, and which therefore supply no funds
to the Government. Least of all, can anything^
advanced by me be tortured into an admission of
the light to go abroad, from the place for which
the regulation is made, to create a commerce upon
which the regulation shall operate.
The Senator selects landing on the upper Mis-
sissippi and Ohio, and asks if these are not ports
of entry, und if vessels cannot go up to them from
the sea. For the latter question 1 will refer him
to lus recollections of the trip lie made liom Mem-
phis, after the celebrated convention held at that
place, and then inform him that ho was in a very
deep river when eompaied to those he would have
passed over if he had ascended to the ports ol enti y
he has named.
The Senator is certainly aware that the places •
named by him as ports of entry have no foreign
commerce brought to them in sea vessels; and if
they had, he could only apply my admission to
the landing place, which would not in the least aid
his purpose, or their commerce. It will be long
before 1 admit as an incident to laws prescribing
the rules for commerce that the Federal Govern-
ment can create channels through which commerce
may flow, or that an act of Congress can make the
entrance to a harbor equal the distance from the
sea to the landing for river boats on the head
branches of our longest rivers.
If to declare by law a landing on some interior
river to be a port of entry can confer the power to
lemuve all obstructions between that landing and
the sea, what limit have we to the burdens which
may be imposed upon the industry of the country
to support the visionary or corrupt schemes which
theory or selfishness may devise? If, under the
power to make rules, to enact laws for the govern-
ment of commerce, we have the right to appropri-
ate money to provide for it channels ot transporta-
tion, who shall discriminate between rivers, and
creeks, and canals, and railroads, or who can say
that from channels it may not be extended to ve-
hicles for conveyance? So far as we may constitu-
tionally improve our national highways, it must be
for oilier pm-pose than the promotion of commerce;
and the power must be drawn elsewhere than from
the right to regulate it. I he transportation of
u-oops, of supplies, and munitions of war, the
