636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
transfer of public moneys, the proper discharge of
the cirii functions and military duties of the Fed-
eral Government, may require the improvement of
public highways, and under the war power and
the duty to provide for the common defence, it may
as far as necessary be done. This is a necessity
which the settlement of our territory removes. It
has limitations both of time and of purpose. Not
so with the improvements for commerce, which will
increase with increasing population, and has its
application to every town and village of the Union.
The interests of those whom I represent, and my
own conviction and feelings, unite in resistance to
a construction than which none was ever adopted
more Iatiiudinous in its nature, or tending to more
flagrant abuse. I have admitted that at a place
where imposts are collected, where tonnage duties
are paid, where imports are requt^d to be landed,
an obligation is imposed to point out the safe ap-
proach to the place so designated. The mere dec-
laration that a certain place shall be a port of entry
does not fulfill any of the conditions; and if they
were all fulfilled, no application could be made of
my admission to the route over which the vessel
had passed in its voyage.
Mr. CALHOUN. When the wind is adverse,
the vessel may lay off for weeks without being
able to enter a harbor. Buoys and beacons are
necessary to point the way into harbors, and there-
fore they come under the regulation of commerce;
and if we can provide these facilities on the sea-
coast, on what principle is it that we are prohibited
from providing facilities on our great navigable
rivers? Sir, I hold it to be as clear a power as any
in the Constitution, demonstrably so, from the
meaning which the phrase to regulate commerce
had before the adoption of the Constitution. I
have examined this subjeSt with great care, and I
have never examined any question upon which
I have come to so decided a conclusion. Sir, it is
monstrous to say that where the interests of so
many States are concerned, we shall not exercise
a power which is so clearly defined. How far it
will extend to the smaller rivers I will not under-
take to say; but as far as regards the Mississippi
and the Ohio, the only result of setting up a nar-
row construction will be to make the power uni-
versal. You must give it the exercise it was in-
tended to have originally, or there will be no
limitation upon it whatever.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the pas-
sage of the bill, and it was determined in the af-
firmative, as follows:
YEiS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Bell,
Benton,'-Berrien, Breeze, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke,
Corwin, Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts D.ivis of Mis-
sissippi, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, Felch, Foote, Greene,
Hannegnn, M Milium, Miller, Nilos, Pearce, Phelps, Spru-
anee, Underwood, and Upham—33.
NAY-5—Messrs. Bagfoy, Butler, Hale, Hunter, Johnson of
Georgia, Mason, Moor, and Tumey—8.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
' Senate would now proceed to the consideration of
the private bills upon the calendar, in pursuance
of the order adopted on Friday last, making them
the special order for to-day and to-moife-ow, to the
exclusion of all other business.
The following bills and joint resolution were
read the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and no amendment being
made, they were reported to the Senate:
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Jesse Turner.
A hill for the relief of the forward officers of the
late Exploring Expedition.
"A bill for the relief of J. F. Caldwell.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall.
A bill granting a pension to Abigail Garland,
widow of Jacob Garland, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Brownell.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones, and the
other children, if any, of John Carr.
A bill for the relief of Thompson HutchinsSn.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Douglas, late
United States attorney for East Florida.
A bill for the relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native
of the Cherokee nation.
A joint resolution for the relief of Jonathan
Lewis.
A bill for the relief of Oliver C. Harris.
A bill to provide for the settlement of the claim
of Henry Washington, late a deputy surveyor of
the public lands in Florida,
A bill for the relief of Reynolds May.
A bill supplementary to an act to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims there-
in mentioned, passed April 18, 1814.
Ordered, That they be engrossed and read a third
time.
Said bills and joint resolution were read a third
time, by unanimous consent.
Resolved, Thai they pass, and that their respect-
ive titles be as aforesaid.
Ordered, That the Secretary request the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives in said bills
and joint resolution.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Jesse D. Elliott, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the Whole;
and no amendment being made, it was reported to
the Senate.
The question being on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time—
Mr. HALE. I am utterly opposed to the pas-
sage of this bill, or of anything like it. You are
paying the officers of your navy higher salaries
than officers of the same grade receive in any
country on the face of the earth; and it is for the
very purpose of enabling them to defray such ex-
traordinary expenses as they may be subjected to
by giving entertainments, and exchanging civilities
with persons connected with governments abroad,
that you give them those high salaries.
Mr. CAMERON. The sum proposed by this
bill to be granted to the heirs of Commodore El-
liot, is but a small part of what was expended by
him. It is well known that the purpose for which
he was sent to th^Mediterranean was not an ordi-
nary one. He was sent there for the purpose of
exhibiting the power and strength of this Govern-
ment. The money which he was obliged to spend
was disbursed out of his own resources; and the
sum was so considerable as seriously to injure his
private fortune. All has been stricken out of the
bill, however, except the items which relate to the
entertainment of the sovereigns.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to say a word about
the course of Commodore Elliot: 1 believe the coun-
try remembers that when he came home he was
court-martialed.
Mr. CAMERON. Unjustly.
Mr. HALE. Well, it may be so; but I believe
the King of Greece and the Queen of Saxe Co-
bourg were not the only animals he entertained; for
1 remember one of the charges against him was,
that he had so encumbered his vessel with ani-
mals—elephants, jackasses, &c.—that she was dis-
qualified for any service. He had jackasses' heads
stuck through all the port-holes, and, in fact, his
ship was familiaily known in the Mediterranean
as the Jackass frigate. I believe the first example
of voting money for such a purpose as this, was
the grant made to Commodore Morgan; and 1 trust
it will be the last. Why are such high salaries
granted to our naval officers, unless it is to cover
extraordinary expenditures? I believe the esti-
mates for the naval service this year amount to
fifteen millions of dollars.
Several Senators. Between ten and eleven
millions.
Mr. HALE. I think they will be found to be
not less than fifteen millions m the aggregate; but
eleven is enough for my argument. During the
last war with Great Britain, 1 believe our navy did
not cost us more than four or five millions at the
utmost, and it has now sot up to eleven millions,
and is increasing, year by year; and, in addition
to this enormous expense, every time there is an
entertainment given"by a naval officer, there must
be an appropriation made to meet the expense.
Sir, I hope the bill will be indefinitely postponed,
and upon that I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER. I am sorry that the Senator
from New Hampshire has thought it necessary to
oppose this bill, and I regret still more that he has
felt it to be his duty to indulge in the style of re-
mark which he has addressed to the Senate on this
occasion. Commodore Elliot is now no more.
While in the service of the country he advanced
her interests, and merited her approbation. His
memory should at least be entitled to respect. If,
in his conduct towards those under his command,
he did anything that was calculated to bring re-
proach upon his name, his conduct was subjected
to investigation by the proper tribunal, and he
submitted himself to the punishment awarded by
that tribunal, whether justly or unjustly, I do not
now propose to inquire. But it does seem to me
that the remarks of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, though probably not so designed—for I
am sure he would be the last man in the world
who would voluntarily inflict injury—are calcula-
ted to bring into the consideration of this question,
prejudices which ought never to sway an Ameri-
can Senate. According to my judgment, there can-
not be a plainer case, or one which appeals more
directly to our sense of justice.
It is said that the expenses of the American
navy are large. Sir, thatfurnishe.s no reason why
a sum of money which in justice and right ought
to be refunded to Commodore Elliot, or to those
who represent him, should be withheld. If the
expenses of the navy are large, he had nothing to
do with making them so; he neither created the
navy nor fixed its expenses. The expenses of the
navy is a riiatter.which has nothing to do with the
consideration of this question. This gentleman
was sent out in a first-class ship, not only for the
purpose of adding to the stores of American sci-
ence, but for the purpose of exhibiting American
strength. He visits a certain port, and it is an-
nounced to him that a sovereign intends to do him
the honor to visit his ship. What is he, under
such circumstances, to do? Is he to say, I belong
to a republic; we know nothing about kings and
queens; we do not desire the honor of a visit from
you; we want none of your company? I am sure
that the Senator from New Hampshire would not
desire him to act in such a manner as this. Well,
the royal cortege comes on board, what is he then
to do? Is he to announce to them that he is a mem-
ber of the Washingtonian cold-water total-absti-
nence society, and refuse to order refreshments?
Why, it is preposterous to suppose that either of
these sources can be adopted. Whatishe todo? He
is the representative of his country, and he should
represent it in a manner that is suitable to its dig-
nity; and he does so at an expense to himself of
fifteen hundred dollars. The Senator says that he
receives a large salary, and that is sufficient for pur-
poses of hospitality. So it is for ordinary hospi-
tality, but not for occasions like these. I think
we should be wanting ill the duty that we owe
ourselves, if we should refuse to reimburse him
for this outlay. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned.
Mr. PEARCE. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire is mistaken in supposing that the
case of Commodore Morgan is the only one in
which an appropriation of this kind has been
made.
Mr. HALE. I did not refer to the case of Com-
modore Morgan as a precedent myself; it was re-
ferred to by the committee. In regard to the re-
marks of the Senator from North Carolina, I should
have been exceedingly glad if that gentleman,
who generally delivers what he has to say with
so much grace and propriety, had abstained on
this occasion from what appeared to me to be an
unkind slur on temperance societies. I should be
very glad to entertain that honorable Senator in
my humble home, but the beverage I should offer
him, though he,might consider it an insult, would
be the best water the country affords. I think the
influence of such unkind suggestions as those
made by the Senator, are calculated to do vast in-
jury to a cause, which 1 know is dear to his heart.
Now, in regard to this claim, I look upon it as
establishing a,dangerous practice. We shall now
have to commence paying for the entertainments
given by our ministers abroad. It is by them that
the true dignity of the nation is represented, and
if there is any propriety in the thing at all, they
are the persons who should give entertainments.
You will find applications of this kind multiply
upon your hands. There will be no end or limi-
tation to it.
After some further remarks from Messrs. CAM-
ERON, BADGER, BERRIEN, WESTCOTT,
and others,
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atohison, Bagby, Berrien,
Breese, Briirllt, Calhoun, Clarke, Crittenden, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, D.ivi= of Mississippi, t)i\, Downs, Feleh, Hale,
Hunter, Johnson of Oeorgia, Jjewis, Ma>on, Phelps, Rusk,
Spruance, Turney, Underwood, EJpham, and Westeott—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Benton, Butler, Cameron, Diek-
isson, Foote, Hannegan, Mangum, Miller, Moor, Niles, and
Pearce—12.
After a late session, the Senate adjourned to Mon-
day.
