1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jipril 15, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. COLLAMER rose and asked leave to re-
port a bill, but yielded the floor to
Mr. PALFREY, who"asked and obtained leave
to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. PALFREY said: Within the last fifteen
minutes he had seen, for the first time, in the.Union
newspaper of the 13th instant, the report of a dis-
cussion in which he was concerned on Tuesday
last, and m the course of which his remarks were
interrupted by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] who asked him a question. If the gen-
tleman was correctly reported in the Union, Mr.
P. wished to say now, that he had not understood
the gentleman !s question at the time of replying to
it. Tie did not say the report was incorrect. He
supposed, because corroborated by the recollection
of a gentleman of whom he had just made the in-
quiry, that the gentleman's question on Tuesday
had been correctly reported. [A voice: Read it.J
No, sir, Mr. P. said, I decline reading it. From
my reply itself, ihe report of which I believe to be
substantially correct, it will be seen that I did
not hear the real question. My object in now
rising is accomplished by this statement. I will
not abuse the indulgence of the House in allow-
ing me to make a personal explanation, by any
offensive retort upon the gentleman. Whatever
offensiveness he intended for me, 1 can easily for-
five; and the question whether he adopted an eligi-
le way of ottering it, is one which I am comer™
silently to leave to the decision of men of delicacy
and honor.
Mr. JOHNSON having asked and obtained per-
mission to make a personal explanation, said he
did not know whether he had heard correctly the
entire remarks of the gerilleman from Massachu-
setts ; but if he had understood him correctly, he
was prepared to make a proper response. As for
asking the question with a view to wound the feel-
ings of the member from Massachusetts, or to
make any unkind reflection on him or on any
, member of his family, he assured the gentleman
that such was not his intention or purpose. But
he asked the question in connection with a partic-
ular set of remarks which thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts made. He understood, and lie so saw
the gentleman was reported, that Ins remarks were
to this effect: The gentleman from Massachusetts
was going on to show, and to prove, that the negro
race was becoming more and more elevated in
character; and in proportion as they became ele-
vated and advanced in society, they became corre-
spondingly nearer and nearer to the condition of
equality with the white man. The gentleman from
Massachusetts went on to enumerate instances of
remarkable negroes. He said that he had com-
missioned one learned negro lawyer to be a judge
in a justice's court while he was Secretary of State
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. He also
informed the House that another negro had been
elected to the Legislature of Massachusetts, but
that his modesty was so great that he had not
taken the seat to which he had been elected. And
in this connection the gentlemen went on and read
an extract from a letter giving an account, to use
his own language, of a very intellectual, interest-
ting,and charming negro boy. Yes; a very charm-
ing negro boy, who had excelled many white
students associated with him in a particular insti-
tution of learning, but who had been called hence
by an inscrutable Providence. This was the tenor
of xhe gentleman's remarks if he (Mr. J.) had
properly understood him. He also understood
that gentleman to say, that if that intellectual, in-
teresting, charming negro boy had lived, he would
now have been a rival, a companion, and an asso-
ciate of his own son and of the son of an honora-
ble gentleman from South Carolina, in one of the
most respectable institutions of learning in his
own State.- And he further stated, that if his son
should have failed or refused to treat that charm-
in", interesting, and intellectual negro boy with
proper respect and esteem as a companion and as-
sociate in his studies, he would have incurred and
brought down upon him a father's displeasure.
These remarks of the gentleman frorn Massachu-
setts made the impression on his inind that this
charming negro boy was deemed the equal of the
gentleman's son, anil that ho would be the rival of
that gentleman's son, perhaps his superior, in liter-
ary attainments. He knew that it was the duty
of every man who considers himself a gentleman,
no matter what the complexion of his skin might
be, to treat all classes of men with civility and
proper respect. But what was the case submitted
to the House? Thegentleman from Massachu-
setts was showing the elevation of the negro char-
acter—he was citing instances of negroes of a
superior order of intellect—and these were intro-
duced in connection with a member of the gentle-
man's own family, who, the gentleman assured
the House, would have incurred his father's dis-
pleasure if he had not treated with entire respect
that ntercsting and charming negro boy. XVie
question, then, which he (Mr. J.) asked, at the
time he thought proper and pertinent. It was not
asked with the view of making an unkind cut at
the gentleman from Massachusetts or his family,
or any member of his family, he asked it to test
the sincerity of the gentleman, and to see how bis
theory would work in the social life of his own
family. The question was asked, it must be re-
membered, when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts had made this charming negro boy the equal
of his owg son. Then it was that he asked thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts if he should be willing,
provided such a thing should meet the taste and
approbation of a member of his family—to wit, his
own daughter—to give his consent to her being
given to this intellectual, interesting, and charming
negro boy in wedlock as her companion through
life? Such was the question he asked; and ne
asked it with no view to wound the feelings of the
gentleman, or to make any unkind reflections upon
him or his family, but to test "the th^biy of the
gentleman by practice. He wished it to be dis-
tinctly understood by the House that he had not
introduced the family of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts into the debates of this House. He
should be as far from doing it as any member on
this floor. The gentleman from Massachusetts
introduced them himself, and all that he (Mr. J.)
desired to do was, to test the sincerity of the gen-
tleman in the application and carrying out of his
theory. He assured the gentleman he had no
other design or purpose in what he had said.
Mr. PAX.FREY, (turning and walking back to
his seat.) Mr. Speaker, my purpose has been
answered by the simple statement of fact. An
answer to the gentleman's present remarks is rising
to my lips, but 1 suppress it.
Mr. JOHNSON said the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was alone answerable for the introduc-
tion of his family into these debates.
Mr. ROOT rose and objected to further expla-
nations.
Mr. JOHNSON claimed that he was still in pos-
session of the floor, which he had not yielded. He
was interrupted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Palfrey] as he was going on to say,
that after the gentleman from Massachusetts had
demonstrated that the negro was equal to his own
son, and was worthy to be the companion of a
member of his family, it did seem to liini that the
gentleman from Massachusetts could not, by giv-
ing to his question the most latitudinous construc-
tion, convert it into an attack on his family. If
this intellectual, interesting, and charming negro
boy was fit to be the companion of the gentleman's
son, he was his equal. How, then, could the ques-
tion be unkind towards the gentleman's family ?
Mr. CONGER rose to a question of order, and
inquired if there was not a special rule applicable
to personal explanations. He wished the chair tc
state if there was not a rule which limited personal
explanations to ten minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON said there was a rule which
limited them-to one hour.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that
such a rule was under the consideration of the
Committee on Rules, to whom it had been referred,
to examine into its propriety, but it had not yet
been reported to the House.
Mr. CONGER had understood it otherwise.
Mr. JOHNSON said, but for these interruptions
he should have concluded what he had intended
to say. He would say, in conclusion, that when
he asked the question, he was well satisfied in his
own mind, for he was conscious of the gentleman's
vefined sense of honor, and the acuteness of his
observation, that any such association with his
family would be repulsive and offensive to him.
He did not, he repeated, intend to insult the gen-
tleman or his family. He knew the gentleman's
theory and his practice must be very-different from
each other, and that his sense of honor, his nice,-
discriminating powers, and the high tone of his
morality, would forbid and reject every idea of
reducing such a theory to practice. He had no
more to say.
Mr. COLLAMER then claimed the floor, and
diverted the attention of the House to other busi-
ness.
RELIEF OP VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. COLLAMER asked leave to introduce a
bill from the Committee on Public Lands. He
explained briefly the provisions of it. There were
certain volunteers in the Mexican war who were
entitled to preemption rights in the Miami reser-
vation, in the State of Indiana. These lands,
when brought into market, were held at two dol-
lars an acre. The bill proposes to give to these
volunteers the privilege of applying their land scrip
to the payment for their preemptions to Miami
lands as though these lands were ottered at one
dollar and a quarter per acre, the same price of
other public lands.
No objection being made, the bill, io wit: a bill
for the relief of those preemption claimants for
Miami lands in the State of Indiana who by their
services in the Mexican war are entitled to bounty
lands, was reported, twice read, ordered to be en-
grossed, and was then passed.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, proposed
the adoption of a resolution to terminate debate on
the bill fur the relief of the legal representatives of
Richard W. Meade, in Committee of the Whole
House, at two o'clock this day.
Mr. COI1B, of Georgia, opposed the resolution.
There had been evinced yet no disposition to wan-
der from the merits of the bill in this discussion;
and there had been intimated a desire on the part
of many members to postpone the discussion to a
future day. He moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL had offered the resolution,
he said, from no feeling of hostility to the bill, but
with a view to progress with the-business on the
calendar.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Cobb; and, having been decided in the affirm-
ative, the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House go now into Committee of the Whole
on the private calendar.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that it might he the*
better course to dispose first of the bills already
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROCKWELL acquiesced.
The SPEAKER then announced the first order
to be the bill reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union last Saturday,
to wit:
A joint resolution for the relief J. L. Gillis and
others; the question being on ordering the engross-
ment.
Hereupon a discusssion arose, in which the res-
olution was opposed by Mr. SAWYER, and sup-
ported by Mr. SCHEN CK, Mr. EVANS of Mary-
land, and Mr. STANTON.
And then, after an ineffectual motion to lay on
the table, the engrossment was ordered, and the
joint resolution passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Morse, of Louisiana, in the
chair,) and lesumed the consideration of the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Richard
W. Meade, deceased; and, after some time spent
in the discussion, which was continued thereon by
Mr. G1DD1NGS, Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL, and
Mr. THOMAS, of Tennessee—
The committee rose and reported no conclusion.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. HALL, of New York: The petmon of duels of
different tribes of the New York Indians, praying for relief
t Z Lmvor. of the New York Ind.ans who emigrated
west Ofth.- Mississippi, and for the representative* and rel-
^B^Mr^WENTWOBTtt^The petition of S. C. Coitus
