638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
and other?, for tiie extension of mail route 4,317 from AUavva
via PJmnfiefd to Ca^sso as to run viaFJag creek and Lyons
to Chicago.
By Mr. LA SERE: The Memorial of Thomas W. Chinn,
M. Cointnev, and others, securities of Thomas G. Morgan,
Jate collector of the revenue tor the port of New Orleans,
praying for relief.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The claim of W. H. Brockwa,
administrator on the estate of John and Susan Johnson, late
of the village of Afacicinac, deceased.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of H. Merrill and 100
others, for the division of the Green Bay land district, in
Wisconsin.
By Mr. McKAY: The petition of John Plunkett, of Fay-
ettevilie, North Carolina, asking an indemnity for injuries
sustained from an explosion in the laboratory of the North
Carolina arsenal.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 17, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was re® and approved.
Mr. CLING-MAN moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to offer a resolution.
Mr. PALFREY inquired what was the order of
business -1
The SPEAKER replied, the call of the States for
petitions.
Mr. PALFREY inquired if a motion to suspend
the rules was debatable?
The SPEAKER replying in the negative—
Mr. PALFREY took an appeal from this de-
cision; but finding that he was "not privileged to
debate the appeal, he withdrew it.
The SPEAKER put the question on the suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked if anybody had
objected to the resolution? Nobody had on his
side of the House. What was the need, therefore,
(he asked,) for a motion to suspend?
The yeas and nays having been asked by Mr.
PALFREY, but refused by the House, the ques-
tion was taken by u division, and decided in the
aflh malive, two-thirds voting therefor. So the rules
were suspended.
CORRESPONDENCE GEN. SCOTT, ETC.
Mr. Cllvoman's resolution was then recei\ed;
and, after certain mollifications at the suggestion
of Mr. COBB, of Gcoigu, and on Mr, CLING-
MAN'S own motion, assumed the following form:
Raoh'C'K That the Piccidenf he requested, if not, fy his
opinion, incompatible with the public intent, to fmm.-di
Jin- Hou*)fj copies of the correspondence b"uveen Major
G'-neiaJ Wmfidd Scott and the Secretary of War duungthe i
month> of October and November of the yeai 1846; and e*?- '
peci illy copies or anv lett'-r^ or despatches ot Genetal Sr-ott |
bearing date on the 27tli of October, the U\h, 16th, and 21st j
ot November, detailing the plan of operations to be framed :
arid the mode of conducting the war with Mexico, both with '
4reference to movements irom the Gulf coa>t and fioui the 1
Rio Grande; and aMo the lenhes of the Secretaiy ot War |
thereto. '
Repaired further, That the President be requested, in like j
manner, to fmm h topics of any correspondence that may J
have taken place recently hi-tvveen General ^cott and the
Scctefuy ot War wtth reference to the change of com-
inamler-in-chief m Mexico; and all letters? rec-'ived trom ]
General Scott,either direeth from him or transmitted bv any ;
other p -r-on, dated prior or snbseipient lo h\< su^p'nision
or lemoval fiom the command ot the anny in the viemityof
Mexico; -tnd a'-o the n>p]ie- oftlie Secietarj o! Wariheie-
to, ,'Uid all otlh'i corn on den re betu #-■« > 11 Genei a) Seott and
t!ie Societaiy ot Wat not heietofoie communicated to Con- ,
gi e.-s.
Mr. OLINGMAN demanded the previous qnes- 1
tjon; which was seconded, and, under its opeia- f
tion, the resolution was adopted. j
REDUCTION OF DUTIES. I!
Mr. C. vT. INGERSOLL asked leave to offer a !|
resolution. There being objection, Mr. I. moved ||
to suspend the rules. Two-thirds voting therefor, ■'
the motion was agreed to. :i
The resolution'was then moved, and read, as '!
follows: ' |i
Rcol-ed, That tli" Committee of Ways, and "Means asc<jr- 'i
tain, !>y con-nJtatmn with the >ecreun ot the Tica^nn- and :!
ot.V>nvi*e, and repoitto this. Honse, whether the mime'dute J
reduction ot fi.tt en of tin* tnim prr cut. ad valorem now '■
irnpo-cd as ilufe- on Fiench production* imported into the r
United Rut.'-s will not, at ti'i-en-is m t!ie French Govern-
nn'iit. atioid irie.it and seasonable reliefto the distressed in- -i
diMii ot tiiaf eoimtiv, to which thirf is po mm h indebted j
ami al obeuitmmr disadvantage, u not beneficial, to the !
levenue, commerce, and gcneidl welfare Oi the United
States. ;
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the resolution 1
by striking out all afiei the words " Secretary of '
the Treasmy," and inserting " what modifications '
it is necessary to make m the tariff of 184G." :
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, briefly ad- j
vocated the resolution. We were aware (he said) '
that at this time, in this House, there either ex- !
isted, or was professed to exist, tke greatest sym- ||
pa thy for France. If there were sympathy for a
people struggling to be free, he thought that that
sympathy had better be shown by overt acts. He
referred to the story of the Frenchman who was
present in a company where a poor fellow told his
tale of misery and distress. "What do you think
of such a case?" was asked. "Ah!"* said the
company, "we are very sorry for him." Said
the Frenchman, taking out his money, "I sorry
twenty dollars! How much are you sorry?" We
should not confine ourselves to mere professions of
sympathy, but afford some substantial evidences
of sympathy, by reduction of our duties upon
their productions. This would not merely relieve
the French treasury immediately, but would equal-
ly benefit ours, by swelling the amount of their
importations—thus increasing our revenues; and
not only this: so grateful would they be, that
when a permanent government was established,
we might expect a greatly enlarged market, in
consequence of their reduction of the duties for
our tobacco, cotton, rice, and breadstuffs. Thus,
at the time that we were manifesting our sympathy
and generosity to the French, we should ensure
important benefits to various interests of our own
country.
After a word of conversation between Messrs.
J. R. INGERSOLL and C. J. INGERSOLL—
Mr. HUDSON said he had no disposition gen-
erally to speak in opposition to resolutions of in-
quiry, more especially as he believed this resolu-
tion to be harmless in its character; but as some
remarks had been made on it, he would say a
word or two, which he would not have done if
there had been no debate upon it. What he wished
to say wotfld be strictly applicable to this resolu-
tion of inquiry. They all knew that the tariff of
1842 was met by a popular objection on the other
side, that it acted on luxuries too favorably. It
was said that luxuries ought to bear the highest
rate of taxation, and the thousand gewgaws from
France fell within that description, together with
French wines.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL interposed to say that
wines were not comprehended in this resolution,
the duty on which was forty per cent.
Mr. HUDSON was glad to hear that h is friend
from Pennsylvania had got his mind off wine, and
that the duty was not to be reduced on that neces-
sary of life which was consumed by the hardy
yeomanry of the country. [Laughter.]
i Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said lie did not. propose
to reduce the duty on wine. There was no such ;
proposition embraced in his resolution. I
Mr. HUDSON was aware of that, and he was
glad that it was left out. The resolution now be- ;
fore the House related to the thousand and one !
gewgaws of French manufacture. The inquiry j
proposed was, whether we, in consideration or m j
consequence of a ccrtam revolution m France, be- j
fore the French people have established any gov- !
ernment for themselves, ought now to modify our j
tariff, and thereby say to the French that we will '
receive all their luxuries, including their gewgaws '
and unnecessary at tides, free of duty, by way of 1
j giving encouragement to them in then gioiious un-
I dei taking. Now, lie submitted to the House jf
this was a proper subject for a resolution. He
also asked the House if tins was a proper time and
this a piopcr way to modify our revenue laws. If
it was. necessary that those laws shou'd umleigo
modification, let the House take up the whole sub-
ject. Let Fi euch wines and gewgaws be consid-
ered with Pennsylvania iron, which he would
recommend to the consideration o^ the mover of
this resolution, [Mr. C. J. Ingersull,] together
with all those interests which were most important
to our people. He thought those interests which !
vitally affected the labor of the count) y should have
at least as much consideration as Fiench wines and
French gewgaws. He eased but little whether tins ,
resolution was adopted or rejected. It was to hirn
a matter of periect indifference. But he wished 1
the House to undei stand this matter, that its mem- ;
bers might decide for themselves whether this was ;
a proper time, a proper place, and a proper man- j
ner, to modify the revenue laws of the country, j
ihis resolution embraced a subject which vitally I
concerned the labor of the country, and he pre- '
ferred, if the subject was to be taken up, that it I
snould be taken up together. If it was to be taken j
up piecemeal, he should give the pie-crcnce, over j
the wines and gewgaws of France, to the iron of:
Pennsylvania, or some other great interest of this i
country, any one of which was of more impoi tanee
than the wines and unnecessary gewgaws of France.
He repeated he was indifferent as to .the fate of
this resolution. He had no feeling on the subject.
The reasons which influenced gentlemen in throw-
ing in such resolutions were best known to them-
selves, but he hoped the House would act upon
them understanding^. With respect to this par-
ticular resolution, which proposed to give to the
gewgaws of French manufacture more consider-
ation than the iron of Pennsylvania, and the neces-
saries of life, and the manufactures of our own
country, he would only say that it should be well
considered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL interposed and said
he merely desired to say that his resolution was
simply a resolution of inquiry. It was impossible
that it could do any mischief. It was a resolution
of inquiry, submitted to the committee of which
the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hud-
son] weremembers—members, too, of the majority
of that committee. He desired to put the subject
into their hands, to do with it what they should
think pioper.
Then, as to the iron about which the*gentleman
from Massachusetts was so anxious, suffer him to
say that that was what he had in view. He wanted
to enable France, if possible, to pay for our iron,
which they now cannot do, unless we take some
of those gewgaws to which the gentleman from
Massachusetts objected. And, in addition, he
would afford some aid to the spirit of liberty which
was aroused in France.
Mr. HUDSON inquired whether the 15 per
cent, in the gentleman's resolution had any refer-
ence to liberty ?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Yes.
Mr. HUDSON. And whether the gentleman
would impose 15 per cent, for liberty ?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said by striking 15
per cent, from 30, we should go much nearer to
liberty than we had hitherto been. Were there
any other questions the gentleman desired to ask?
He was ready to answer any other question the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or any other gen-
tleman, might wish to put to htm.
Mr. ECKERT inquired what amount of iron
we now expoi t to France ?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied none, but we
may begin to export iron to France it' we give
France the means to pay for that which we shall
send there.
Mr. ECKERT would inquire whether the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania expected or calculated
that we could export iron to France until the wages
of labor wete reduced to the standard of France?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that that was
one of the greatest humbugs in the world. That,
it appeared, was to be a standing humbug. His
resolution was simply a resolution ofmqtuiy, and
it had been debated longer than he thought neces-
saiy; he should therefore make a motion that he
raiely made. He moved the previous question.
Mr. McLANE moved to amend the resolution
by sinking out ail after the woid resolved, and
inserting that the Committee of Ways and Means
1 inqune into the expediency of adopting the follow-
ing joint resolution:
Re olvcd, (the Senate concurring.) That from and after
the 4th day of July, lfc48, all duties now levied by e\i ting
lav/a upon di-tKlea unportul tiom the Republic of f'ra.ice
the growth and inanuuiciti;" of van! «< pub.ic. into t. - Uni-
ted Sute>. ot Amenca, U, and the saint aie. hereby le-
pealed Provided. The duties now levud bv ti.e'lau s or -aui
R« public upon a 11: c le& the giowth and n,ani>;ai-une or tne
United States nnpoited into the said Republic of i-'rauce
shall bo repealed on oi belui# the ahue^ud 4th day ot July.'
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay the subject on the
table.
The motion was decided in the affirmative, by-
yeas and nays, as follows:
\EA:_-—^e.-sr-. Abbott, Adams. Bairmirci, Bariow, Bnv-
ly. ijla.ieiiatdj JJt.cotk, i.otit-, Bujdon, Biady, William Gr.
Blow n, Cnailu- Biow.i. A!li,->t <t fhmvn, cah.'il, Chnpnnuu
/base O.ncan.n, Wiiham-on it \V.< oi h_ LVu-k,-. Coilaim-r,
Jon ei, Cia'U-ton, Cii-ncid, Dickinson, Duer, t>ar-
lett Imuran. Luna, Eekei t, E.nbree, A'ewandei Evau-,Na-
han Evaii^Featnei-ion, Ficklm. i'r..c.ile\. Fultc-n, G.i)le,
*entn, Cniiiiioji.'ie^oi v, fl dr. James G. liamptori, Wo-es
i t i i r, ! , it .... •> . . ■ .... . ri
; (. italic- Binw.i. A!Ik-'L (t Ihmvn, cah.-il, Chiipnnuu
; Chase Uncnn.n, U liliam-on U \V. < oi h_ LVu-k,-. Coilaim-r,
| Cou ei, Cia'U-ton, Cii-ncid, Dickinson, Duer. t>ar-
, nett Unite •" '   1'-1 ••• "•• •• • ~
| thi
i Ge ^    _.  
Ilampion, Haial-on, lirnu, Kiias K. Ho'nte^, Grorire S.
Houston. Hnbb'iid. lliinf, it\in, Jenkins, Kobeit VV. John-
vOi , John W. .fonCH, Kelb><fy, William T. .Lawrence, Sidney
Lawieme, Lincoln, Loid, Lumpkin, McClelland, Mi (Jier-
nand. McDowell, \h Iviy. Job Mann/lloiace Mann. Mair-h,
Marvin, .Morchcnd, Muipb}, iVclx^'etrif, Pe> ton l'l-ei.)-.,
iihett, RiciiardftOn, llouthiH, Julius llockwxlL Roman,
s«>, St. John,«Sawyer, Sheppeid, Sliemil, toilve^tei, Simp-
