1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
soil, Sims, Caleb B. Pmiil), Truman Smith, Starkweather,
St-pl'P,,. Amlim Stewart, Charles E Stuart, Stiohm
Strong, Thibodeaax, Tlioirms, Richard W. Thompson, Ven-
able, White, ana Wilson—49. lumpson, ven
NAYS—•Mest.rs. Aslimuri, Atkinson, Beale, Bedinger,
Bmgh jui, Bird-all, Bowlin, Bnvd, Budges, Brodhead, B,rck'
ner, Burt,;C>inby,Catheart, Franklin Clark, Beverly L.'Claik,
Howell Oobb, Collins, Crowell, Crozier, Cummins, Daniel!
Dinkey, Daniel Dunrnn, Edwards, Parnn, Parreily, Flour-
e l, ' ' ®ain,fis (Jree"> Ward P- Hail, Nathan
-f-: II<unmons, Henley, Hill, Hilhard, Isaac E. Holmes,
Hnd^on, Xn^e, Charles J. IngerhoU, lveison, Jameson, A11-
, drew Johnson, Georse W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Daniel
M Me meffler'^1o0  Mac1ay,McIlvai„e, MeLane,Meade,
Millei, Morns, Nelson, Palfrey, Peaslee, Pollock, Preston!
Putnam, Riehey, Eohuison, John A. Rockwell, Eoot, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Tallmadge, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Wil-
liam i hompson, 1 hurston, Tompkins, Toombs, Tuck, Tur-
S WooKiZisS?"' Wa"e"' Wentworlh> Wk'k> w"ey>
So the subject was laid on the table.
SUSPENSION OF GENERAL SCOTT.
Mr. BOTTS moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this
House whether Major General Wintield Scott, commander-
in-chief of the fJmted States iorees in Mexico, has b-en
ane ted or suspended from command; and it appended
from duty and the e.wi -e of his roponsddo functions, that
the President be further rcquisted to inform tins Jiojj.e
whether Mich su-pen*ion was occasioned by any breach of
orders, violation or neglect of duty, or for poweis a-Umed
by said commander in conducting the war with Mexico*
and if so, to hture the nature of such bteachof oiders, viola-
tion or neglect o( dury, or assumption 01 power, or wtiat
other high mihta-y oilence has Ik en imputed to the -.aid
commandei-in-ehief, and wlmh,in the opinion of the Presi-
dent, rcndeied it necessary «i expedient at such a conmnc-
tare of uthnra, in time oi active operations, in the heart of
the enemy's country, altera campaign among the most Inil-
mint and succc?«lul recorded on the page of history, to de-
prive the republic of the eminent and imaluable set vices of
Major General Scott, to whom the representatives of jho
people have unanimously voted their thanks with a medal'
<ka& a testimony of the ln<di sense enteitained by Conines^
of |ii  vttioi, skifl, and judicious conduct, ui the incmojabie
campaign ol 1817."
Risolccd, That the Pi evident be reipuMcd to eaii<e to be
furnished to this Ilou-c a copv of Hie chart's and ^permea-
tions (if any) which have been filed a-;ain-t ilrevet Mamr
General Woith by Mujot General Scott, ,ind by him trans-
mitted to the Senitaiyof Wai, lor trial, by general court-
martial j and that the Purulent be further requeued to
inform tins iiou<e whethi r lie has disallowed the chaws
pretened by the commander-m-chief against a submdinate
offtcei under his command, or whether he lias appointed a
general court-mauial for the trial of the -aid Brevet Mainr
General Worth, in accordance with the provisions and re-
quirements of the law, which in such ea-es declares, « that
< whenever a general officer commanding an army, or h
4 colonel commanding a department shall he the accuser or
'prosecutor of any oilieer of the lumv, the genera! eourt-
'nvutial tor the trial of such office! shafl be appointed by the
< Pre-idcnt of tiic United State*;" and, if not, what «*ooil
reason existed for disregarding tlie ehmges of Major General
Scott, the superior, against Bievet Majoi General Worth,
the inferior officer, wiule Major General Scott is brought
before a court ol iiMjinrv in Mexico upon the ehaige.s pre-
ferred by said Brevet Major General Woiih against his eom-
m&ndci-in-cluef, Cencial Seoit.
The question on the motion to suspend the rules
\vas put, and decided us follows:
YEAS— Mes^r*. Abbot, Adams, \-lnnun, Bamm,'or, B'U'-
row, Blauchard, Bolls, Koydon, Brady, Nneknor, Cabell,
Catheart, (Chapman, Chngumn, Coeke, Collauiei, Congei,
Cranston, Crisfield, (Jrowell, Crozier, Dickey, Daer, Daniel
Duncan, liarneti Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Edu aids, Umbu e,
Alexander Kvans, Nathan Evans Farreily, I-'eatheixton,
639
fie
try
. 'ouiiuii ijv.iu-, ji iitirny, l I IIU«ersLOU,
klin, Flonrnoy, Frecdley, French, Gaines, Gaylo, Gen-
try, Giddinus, Gott, Giegory, Hale, YVillard P. Hall, Nathan
K. Hall, James fl-nupion, Moses Hampton, ir.ivkoi!,
Henley, Henry, Milliaid, Klia^ h. Kolmes, llnhbaui, Ilud-
stm, Hunt, IiH'e, Jo-ej)ii {J. Tngei^olU Irvin, John W. Jones,
Kaufman, Kelio;.'!.', 'J'hom.is tl. Km<r, fiinuel P. King, Wil-
liam T. Lawtence, Lincoln, iMelhame, lloiace Minn,
Marsh, Marvin, Morchead, Morn*, N'el-on, Ninvall, Pollock,
Preston, Putnam, Robin>on, itockhill, John A. Rockwell,
Jloman, Root, P^nmsey, St. John. S!iej)p"id, ^hei nil, Silves-
ter, Caleb B. Sm th, Tiuman Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Stiohm, Tallmadge, Taj lor, Thibodeaux,
Richard W. Thoinp?.on, John il, Thompson, Tompkins,
Toombs, Tuck, Van l)j ke, Vmton, Wentworth, White, and
V\T/i-on—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Bealc, Bedinger, Bingham, Birrisall, Bo-
ock, Bowliu, Bovd, Bridges, Brodhend, William (J. Brown,
Charles Brown, Albert G. Brou'n, ftmt. (J'liasc, Fianklin
Oinrk, Beverly L. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson U. W.
Cobb, Collins, Cummins, Dickinson,/ Fries, Fulton,* Green,
HaraUon, Hill, George S. Houston, Charles J. Ingersoll,
lvei on, Jameson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Robert "^V.
lAhiiL-rtti n Ai trn W7 T/.iwif T^« rs mM, T
! 11f < r, v,iI<M 1J'j. >3LUclH , Oil X rftllliM   tiuiup-
i=on. Jacob Thompson. William Thompson, Thurston, Tur-
ner,' Venabie, Wiek, Wiley, and Woodward—74.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to; so
the resolution was not received.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr, BOYD moved that tiic Senate bills lying
on the; Speaker's table be taken up, for the pur-
pose of referring them.
The motion was decided by yeas and nays—>
yeas 97, nays 85. Two-thirds not. voting in the
affirmative, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. VINTON moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer a resolution making the several
appropriation billa for the year ending June 30,
1849—viz: for the payment.of revolutionary and
other pensions, for the payment of navy pensions,
appropriations for the naval service, for fortifica-
tions, for civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government—the special order of the day for Wed-
nesday next, at one o'clock, p. m., and so to con-
tinue at the same hour of the day for every day
thereafter, except Fridays and Saturdays, until
finally disposed of.
^ Mr. McfCAY requested Mr. Vinton to include
in the resolution the bill regulating the appoint-
ment of clerks in the Executive departments, and
for other purposes.
Mr. VINTON assenting to the request of Mr.
McKay, the resolution was modified accordingly.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to,
and the resolution was received.
Mr. F1CKLIN moved to amend the resolution
by including the bill to establish tlie Territorial
Government of Oregon.
Mr. BOYD suggested to Mr. Pickusj to include
the ten-regiment bill in his amendment.
Mr. FICKLFN expressed Ins willingness to do
so, if it way in order.
The point was raised that the last named bill,
now lying on the Speaker's table, and never hav-
ing been once read, could not be oonsideied within 1
the powei of the llouse in' Mich a m.innei ns to '
justify its being included in this motion for a spo- ;
cud order.
Mr. I30YD said the hill was cot tainly within the
power ol the House, as it had been leceived from ■
the Senate, and could be taken up whenever a com- !
petcnt majority; of the House saw iit. j
The SPEAKER, upon reflection, decided that!
the proposition would be in order, and stated that
it would require a vote of two-thirds to pass the !
resolution, though amendments could be carried I
by a majority. j
Mr. FICIvLIN thereupon modified his amend- I
ment so as to include the Oregon bill and the ten- ;
regiment bill. j
After several inquiries and suggestions from !
various members, " j
Mr. COLLAMEll moved the previous ques- i
tion, which was seconded, and the main question j
ordered to be put.
Tlie question on Mr. Ficki.inN amendment was i
divided, and taken on each bill separately. j
llu; question on the first luanch was put, vi/: 1
to embrace the bill to establish tlu^remtoriu! Gov- ,
eminent of Oregon in the resolution, and it was
agreed to. • j
The question on the second branch of Mr. '
Ficklin's amendment, vi?: to include also the bill
from the Senate to provide an additional military
force, and for other purposes, was then put, and
decided as follows:
VISAS—MVssis, Atkinson, Bayly, Bealc, Bedinger, Bing-
ham, Kiidsall, Bocock, Bowlin," Boyd, Bridge?, Biodhcad
Will/am G. Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt'
rallicart. Chase, Fiankhn Clark, Ueverh L. i "l.irk, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R VV\ Cobb, CoHimk,"Cummins, Daniel
!hckin-on, Dunn, Fiiran, FeatherMon, Fieklm, Fieri<-h!
Fries, Fulton, Gauie.., Green, VViilard P. Hall, Hainmons
Daiaicoon, lf< n(e\, Hill, Geois,'*.' S. f/oustou, In«;e, Cha-. JI
lit'.'CHoll, Jacis-on, JameMMi, Jenkins Andrew Johnson, R.
W. Johnson, G. W Jones, Kairhuan, lvennon, L i SGn , Sni-
ne} Lawrence, Letfler, Li (>n, Lnirolu, Lumpkin, Ma< lav,
IMcClollaud. McClen and, McDowell, McKay, McLaue, Job
Mann, Meaile, Millei, Moiris, .Moi^c, Minplty, pe-islee,
Peck, Petiie, Pctt't, Peyton, Pnelp>, Khett, liichaidson'
Uichi y, Rolunson, Uoekluli, Sawyer, Simpson,'siais, Rob. rt
Smith, Stanton, St trkweather. GhaiJe-> 1 Xm.irt, 'Suong,
Thomas, James Thompson. Jacob Tiiomp on, Wilh.tm
Thompson, ThruMon, Turaci, Vcnablu, Wcntuorth, Wn k,
Wiley, a«id Woo/lw.mJ—97.
NAVS—.Messrs. Abbott. 'ldam«, Ahhmun, Baronger, Bai-
row, Belcher, Blawchard, B )tt>, Boaion, BiaJy, Bin-kner,
C.dn II, ClMpmaii, (.'hmrruau, Cocke. Collamcr, Conger,
Cranston. Cri-tieW, Ciowell,Cio/aer, Dickev. Duer, Daui< |
J)unean, Onrnrit Dime an, Eck-rt, LMwaid^,' R«ibrec, Ab-.v-
arider E^.ni-., Nathan E\aas, Fairelly, FJournoy, Frc(idlej>,
G:ijh , G"nfiy, (*idding-«, Gott, Giegoiy, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall,'JamesG. Hampton, Moses Hampton, llenrv, Hilhaid,
Bfmv B. Holmes, flubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jo*. R. rngcrsofl,
John W. Jonod, K-jIIo^, Thomas B. Km/, Dami 1 P. King,
Win. T. Lawrence, Mcllvaine, Horace M um, Mar^h,Mar-
vin, Morehcad, Nelson, Newall, Palfrey, Pendleton, Pre-ton,
Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Root,
Ruirwej, St. John, Shepperd, Sherrill, Silvester, Caleb B.
Smith, Truman Smith. Stephens, Andrew Stuwait, Strohm.
Taylor, Tlubodeaux, Richard W. Thompson J. B. Thomp-
son .Tompkins, Toombs, Tuck-, Vinton, Warren, White,
and W ilson—92. \ '
So the amendment of Mr. Ficbxin wag agreed
to. , •
( The question recurred on agreeing to the resolu-
tion, and it was decided by yeas and nays: Yeas
74, nays 101. So two-thirds not voting in the
affirmative, the resolution was not agreed^to.
REVISION OF THE LAWS OF THE U. STATES*
Mr. McKAY offered the following resolution,
which was received, read, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judtciarv be instruct-
ed to impure into the expediency of providing for the colla-
tion, digest, and revision ot the public laws ot the Uuited
Mates noiv in foicc, and including those which mnv be en-
acted by the picsent Congress; that, in doing this, the differ-
ent acts and parts ot acts which form similarity of subject*
ought to bo so arranged and consolidated, be collected and
reduced into one, distributing the Mine under such titles,
divisions, and sections as may be proper, omitting all such
acts and parts of nets, betoie passed, a*, shall either have
expired by their own limitation, become obsolete, or been
repealed; inserting in the body of t'le rtvr.-cd statutes such
new provisions as may be proper and judicious; and that
said revision bo completed, m cveiy other ropect, in hicIi
manner as shall seem most useful and proper to render said
statutes more plain and ea-ily to be undei.-tood.
harbors and rivers.
Mr. HUNT moved to suspend the rules to en-
able linn to offer a resolution making bills 168,
and 170, Cor the improvement of certain htir-
l>ord and rivers, the special order of the day for
Tuesday, May 8, so to continue until finally dis-
posed of.
The ^question was decided by yeas and nays-
yeas 95, nays 71. Two-thirds not voting m the
atlirmative, tlie rules were not suspended.^
AMENDING RULES.
Mr. \VKi\TWORTH moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to move a resolution instnjit-
ni'_j the Committee on Rules to impure into the
expediency of rescinding the 135th rule of the
llouse. Lhsagieed to.
HEMP FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. KING, of Geor i^ia, moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking up the joint reso-
lution of the Senate authorizing the purchase of
hemp for the use of the navy.
pending which motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, J)pril 17, 1848.
Mr. RUSK presented resolutions of the Legis-
latuie of Texas, in i elation to having a law passed
by Congress extending the jurisdiction of Texas
oyer one-half the waters of the Sabine Lake, Sa-
bine Pass, and Sabine river, up to the 32d degree
of north latitude, which was ouiered to be printed;
| and in favor uf an act of Congress concerning mil-
! itaty posts on the frontier, so as to extend a chain
; of military posts m advance of the settlements
between Ued n\er and the Rio Grande, and to he
lemoved from time to time as the settlements ad-
vance; which was referred to the*Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D1X presented a petition from Dennis Har-
ris, merchant, of New York, asking for a return
of duties on sugar destroyed by fire in the city of
New York, while yet subject to exportation; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition from citizens
of Mercer county, Ohio, asking that all peisons
promoted fiom the ranks dining the war with
Mexico, shall be entitled to their bounty land, as
it they had been discharged; whuh was referred
to the Ooninmue on Military Allans.
Also, several memorials relating to such changes
in the poswrfUce system as will admit papers to be
sent free of postage to all places within thirty miles
of the place of publication; which were referred to
tlie Committee on the Post Olficc and Post Roads
Also, resolutions of the Legislatuie of Ohio, in
favor of constructing a load fiom Lake Michigan
to the Pacific; and memorials from Wadsworth,
Ohio, and from Summitcounty, Ohio, numerously
signed, in favor of the same: which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial from Thos.
W. Clunn and other sureties of a late collector
of the port of New Orleans, asking to be released
from a certain judgment obtained against them;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented twenty memoiials,
signed by some thousands of citizens of Pennsyl-
