640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
vania, complaining of the monopoly of the Cam-
den and Amboy Railroad and the Delasvare and
Raritan Canal Company, and theexorbitant charges
exacted for carrying passengers and freight be-
tween Philadelphia and New York, and of the
unconstitutional imposition by the State of New
Jersey of a tax on persons and property entering
and departing from that State, and asking as a
remedy, that Congress will authorize a post route
through the State of New Jersey, that citizens of
ail States may pass without unjust charge. These
memorials were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from John Bald-
win, asking remuneration for losses sustained under
a contract for supplying pork to the navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
John Campbell & Co., of Pensacola, asking pay-
ment for subsistence furnished troops in the service
of the United States in 1847; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS presented two memorials in favor
of the purchase of Mount "Vernon by the General
Government.
Mr. BADGER presented memorials from numer-
ous citizens of the United States, for the purchase
of Mount Vernon.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from citizens,'
for the purchase of Mount Vernon.
All these memorials were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland presented a peti-
tion from the heirs of Colonel Truman Cross, ask-
ing to be allowed compensation for extra official
services rendered by deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, from James Birkhead and others, United
States citizens resident at Rio Janeiro, and ship-
masters and others trading to Brazil, asking that
the system of reciprocal duties may be abandoned,
or at least limited to a direct trade with the coun-
tries in which they may be made, and showing the
injurious effect of the present policy upon the ship-
ping and other interests of the United Slates; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, from John F. WeishampeJ and others, ask-
ing that the bill before the Senate for the appoint-
ment of examiners may be speedily passed, in
order that the business cf the office may be expe-
dited; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, reported a bill authorizing the
renewal of the patent for the benefit of the widow
and heirs-at-law of Timothy P. Anderson, deceased;
which was read a first time.
Also, from thesamecommittee, the bill to amend
an act entitled u An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts*and to repeal all acts and parts of
acts heretofore made for that purpose," approved
July 4, 1846, without amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bill for the relief of Thomas
Scott, without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, the bill for at-
taching a portion of the northwestern land district,
Louisiana, to the district north of the Red river,
Louisiana.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Isaac W.
Taylor and other representatives of Jacques Gla-
morgan, and that it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill relating to
California claims, the question pending bein°- to
recommit the hill with instructions. &
Mr. BADGER suggested to the Senator from
Virginia, to modify ins motion to recommit, by
the omission of the instructions, so as to leave the
committee a discretion to put the clause in the bill
into such a shape as would meet the acquiescence of
the Senate.
_ Mr. MASON replied that he had received a
similar suggestion from other friends; and that he
would, therefore, withdraw so much of his amend-
ment as related to instructions to the committee.
The motion to recommit was then agreed to.
SUPREME COURT.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
being thebill supplemental to an act entitled "An act
concerning the SupiemeCourtofthe United States,''
approved 17th July, 1844.
The question beingon the passage of the bill—
Mr. ASHLEY said he regretted the necessity
of troubling the Senate again on this bill. But the
more he reflected on it, the more he w^s convinced
of its evil tendency. He objected to all special
legislation. The four Senators who advocated
this bill when last before the Senate, did it on the
ground that the bill was intended for a special and
temporary purpose. He went into an examina-
tion of the state of the docket. It was represented
that there were 163 cases depending before the
Supreme Court. Of the 163 cases, there were
twenty-two in which the United States is a par-
ty, yet there was no complaint from the Govern-
ment, or any officer belonging to it. There have
been no complaints from this quarter, as there
would have been had any cause existed. North
Carolina, South Carolina, and Texas, have no case
before the court. Five States—Connecticut, Ver-
mont, New Jersey, Delaware, and Indiana—have
each one case. Three States—New Hampshire,
Tennessee, and Iowa—have each two cases. Five
States—Rhode Island, Virginia, Arkansas, Michi-
gan, and the Territory of Wisconsin—have each
three cases. Three States—Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida—have each four cases. Missouri has five
cases, and Kentucky six. Maine, Massachusetts,
Ohio, and Illinois, have each seven cases. Penn-
sylvania hastencases; the Districtof Columbia has
eleven; New York fourteen; Louisiana and Missis-
sippi nineteen. Yet from all these there had been no
complaint of delay. He wenton to show that many
of these cases were important cases, to which the
United States is a party; aftd that if this bill should
pass, and the Supieine Court should meet in May,
as there is no Attorney General of the United States
now, it was impossible for the United States to be
prepared to go into court with these cases.
He then dwelton the inconveniences which would
result from this relief of the Supreme judges from
circuit duties, some of which he understood to be
admitted, and others he pointed out. He went
into details of the business before the circuit and
district courts, in which the United States occu-
pied the position of a party. The Government
cases made up a total of 664, yet the individual
interests greatly outweighed these. All these cases
would be left at the disposal of an incompetent
tribunal, if the Supreme judge was to be relieved
of a portion of the circuit duties. There were
twenty-four States entitled to be heard on the sub-
ject, and they would never be pursuaded to give
their assent. The effect would necessarily be to
swell the docket of the Supreme Court; so that,
instead of 163 cases at the beginningof the naxt
session, there would probably be from 3UQ to 400.
He stated that the amount of business in the cir-
cuit and district courts was enormous, yet the dis-
trict judges did not, in some States, sit ten days
throughout the year. There wag no confidcnce
in the decisions of these district judges. Some of
these judges had been in office above forty years,
most of them more than twenty, and had become
rusty and indolent.
He thought there was no occasion to pass this
bill for the purpose of relieving the judges of the
Supreme Court, because the judges had it in their
power to relieve tnemselves whenever the burden
has become too onerous for them. He looked on
the bill as a broad step towards the centralization
of all judicial power in this city. He exculpated
the advocates of the bill from any such design, but
such was the inevitable tendency of the measure.
He intended to move to amend the bill by substi-
tuting the bill pending before the House of Rep-
resentatives; but as that bill was too long to be
adopted at once, he would desire to recommit the
bill for the purpose of adopting a new system. He
concluded with moving the amendment, stating that
there could not be a more favorable time for pre-
paring a system, as there would be no pressing
business before the expiration of a month or two,
when the result of the treaty with Mexico might
be expected.
-^-kLEN thought that the Supreme Court
could reduce the number of cases, if it thought fit,
without further legislation. And the only reason
he could discover for their not doing so was, that
they desired to see cases accumulate, until it would
become necessary to dispense with their attendance
on circuit duties altogether, or to appoint a new
tribunal to dispose of the central business at Wash-
ington. He calculated that it would require, at the
rate at which business was done at the late term,
about 326 days to get through the unsettled cases
on hand. The business, therefore, could not be
completed before May, 1849. He designated the
business of the judge of the Supreme Court as very
limited, so far as regards personal, physical labor.
It is by the agency of counsel that the materials for
judgment ar'ecollected,digested, and arranged,and
laid before the judge, so that nothing remains but
to make up the decision. And here sit nine full-
grown men, in solemn deliberation, as if deciding
matters of the most awful importance. Oh! what
an amount of humbug there is in the world ! These
venerable gentlemen came to the Capitol at eleven
o'clock every morning, except on Saturday, when
they take some relief from their labors; and he
thought it not becoming in this Senate to extend
the ume for them to sit here and enjoy the dignity
of indolence. He thought the one-hour rule adopt-
ed m the House might be usefully introduced into
the Supreme Court, where it had become much
more the practice of discussing what the law ought
to be than what the law is. He believed the effect
of this bill would be the destruction of the court.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made a reply to the ob-
jections which had been made to the bill, which
he regarded as being entirely untenable. He dis-
avowed any object but to get the arrearages of
business disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER defended the judges of the Su-
preme Court from the aspersions cast upon them
by'the Senator from Ohio. He said it was easy to
array a tribunal in aristocratical costume, and then
assail it for popular effect. He charged any fall-
ing off which may have taken place in the charac-
ter of the court to the practice of selecting noisy
politicians, instead of able lawyers, for seats on
the bench. And it ill became the friends of this
system to come forward now, and to denounce
those whose nominations had been confirmed by
their votes. If the judges were negligent of their
duty, the proper course was by impeachment, and
not by insinuation to condemn them.
Mr. ALLEN made some remarks, in reply to the
Senator from South Carolina. He admitted the
evil of selecting judges from among political parti-
sans, and asserted that, where the people had exer-
cised themselves the right to elect, they had alway3
chosen much more able men than the President
ever had selected, or ever would select. All that
is valuable in our system of civil law had been de-
rived, originally, from the Roman civil law, which
was laid down by judges annually elected by the
Roman people. The wisdom of the people had been
evinced in the election of our Presidents. During
the last sixty years, we have had more wisdom,
intelligence, and virtue, in our Executive chair,
than can be found on any throne in Europe for the
last six centuries.
Mr. FOOTE referred to a printed argument which
had been laid on the tables of Senators, carefully,
elaborately prepared, to show the necessity of pass-
ing this bill. In this argument, the author has taken
the ground that this measure, although eo nomine
a temporary measure, ought to be permanent, be-
cause the interference of the Supreme Court in cir-
cuit duties is unconstitutional. He read an extract
from the work, the author of which was to him
unknown. He stated that, by such apprehensions
as this extract had created in his mind, he had been
induced to change his original purpose of voting
for the bill. lie complimented the Senator from
Ohio for the eloquence with which he had expressed
his opposition to the bill. He stated the manner
in which the system of electing the judges by the
people was introduced in Mississippi, and the ad-
vantages which have resulted from it, which had
been so evident as to have convinced some of the
most able of those who at first opposed it. He
believed the tribes of Israel, who constituted a pure
democracy, elected their judges. He vindicated
this mode, and expressed his warm hope that the
appointment of judges for life—that last relic of
aristocratical and monarchical institutions—would
soon be expunged from our practice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, obtained the
floor, and *
The Senate adjourned.#
* A full report of the debate this on the Supreme
Court Bill, will be published in the Appendix.
