642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprfl 18,
the District of Columbia, made an adverse report
on the petition of citizens of the city of Washing-
ton for the incorporation of the Builders' Society.
Laid on the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate proceed-
ings in admiralty and for other purposes. Read
and committed.
Mr. INGERSOLL made a report to accompany
Senate bill for'the relief of Richard Bloss and
others.
Mr. I. made also an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Josiah McCaskey. Laid on the table.
The hour having expired, Mr. EVANS, of Ma-
ryland, moved that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order, viz:
the three several bills amendatory of the act to
provide an additional military force, and for other
purposes. Lost.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to postpone the
contested election case for one hour. Disagreed to.
THE CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then took up the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections on the contested election from
the sixth Congressional district of New York 
Monroe vs. Jackson.
Mr. BOYDON supported the contestant's right
to the seat in an argument of an hour's length
Mr. STARKWEATHER sustained thS claim
of the sitting member.
Mr. DIJER followed on the opposite side.
Mr. GREEN, of Missouri, obtained the floor,
and yielded to a motion to adjourn; which bein 
agreed to, °
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. KING, of Massaehuseits: The memorial of Thntoli
er Magoun, of Medford, Massachusetts, against the adniis"
sion ot timber manufactured in New Brunswick into the turn,
of the United States iree ofdutv.
By Mr. MAN.V, of Mas-.nch'useth: Tlie petition  f ir
H. Dearborn and 63 others, of J. D. Churchill and 6u other''
ufSullivan JVintney and 63 other.-', of John Shorev and'*!
others, of Henry French and 126 others, arid of A H Jim',!
ford and 110 others, severally m beimll of rhenn no^t-iTO
ByMr.BWUEY: The petition of John Moore"and'll-i
others, citizens of Muskingum and Monran conntie- *tqt„
of Ohio, praying for the establishment of a no.-t ro-i'dfro >,
Chaildlersville, in Muskingum county, to IlaskensviJle in
Morgan county, Ohio. > 1,1
By Mr. HUBBARD: The petition of 217 citizens of MiV
dletown, Connecticut, for the appointment of a committee
to investigate the slave irade in the District of Columbia
Also, the petition of Obed Ellis and otners, c-tizens of Con
necticut, for the erection of a breakwater on the nm thwest"
em point of the Island of Nantucket. "iwest
1.UCK: PetlUon of Hannah W. Gibbons and
Mothers, citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania prn
4M Congress to aboli&h slavery in the DUtnet of
lute?. " Same m th® Tmitories the United
By Mr. HAMPTON of Pennsylvania: The petition of cit
lzens oj Pittsburg and vicinity, lor an appropriation to renal
the late breach in the dam at the head of Cumberland
across a portion of the Ohio river. Also, the memor a „!•
the Board of Trade of the city ol PuuDurg, on the sibjeet
of steamboat explosion?. <-uujeci
By Mr. HOLMES, of A7eiv Vor.'c: The petition of fis P,„
gens ot the toun of Ku-li, Vork, askina that the G™"
oral Government shall no longer traffic in the nubJ^Hmt
yet in its possesion, and that they .hall be laid o it into for ns
and lots tor the tree use of such eihzens (not possessed of
other land) as will occupy thern. possessed ot
By Mr. l> A V L\ : i'ho petition of sundry citi^en^ nf u,
counties of Accomao. and Northampton Vii-mil^
tor the erection of light-houses on S.md y"'S
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Wa: The peMm, o-''pi' ,
Hampton and sundry other citizens of fowa Drwi^ n'®
passage of ail act granting them, and all other nr J.,? s. [
larly entitled to it, the relief recommended hv th"8/'™" i
tary of the Treasury, m a letter traZSfl 7™®
report of the Commissioner of the Gener iV T ffi'n.
and also the report of the register and rece I, ; v.0?00'
office at Fairfield, in the Territory of Io,iHvh?i fl lld
marked Document No. flOO, 1st session 25th r Is
£uch other relief as the cncu.nstanees may renoir?81"^' or
for a pena.on.A '°f M'""e : T"e PCtlUoil °f William Gott,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jipril 18, 1848.
Presentcd documents in sunnort of
the claim of Joseph M'Afee; which was referred
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
^IXKf ent,e,d * Pe,ition ship-owners
of the city of New York, asking an amendment o
2nc^°USe i '° P.rovlde for tlle ventilation of pas-
™TnZZtVZh'Ch ^ refen'ed t0 the
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a, petition from
George F. Raub, asking Government to purchase
the patent right of Raub's safety valve for steam
engines; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a pe-
tition from James JLowry Donaldson, an officer of
the Unite4 States army, asking indemnity for
losses sustained in consequence of having been
robbed of public money; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
My. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a biil to provide for
transcribing certain State papers of the late Repub-
lic of Texas; which was read a first time.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported House bill making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for theyear
ending 30th June, 1849, without amendment.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of J.
Melville Gillies and others, with an amendment.
Mr. MILLER, also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the increase of the medical corps
of the navy; which was read a first time.
[The bill provides for the addition of five full
and five assistant surgeons.]
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill for the relief of bona fide
settlers under the act for the armed occupation and
settlement of a part of the Territory of Florida,
with an amendment.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a biii for the relief of John Mcintosh;
which was read a first time.
- Mr. MASON, also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of A. H. Cole; which
was read a first time.
Mr. PELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a biil to provide for the final set-
tlement of the accounts of Thomas C. Shelden,
late receiver of public moneys at Kalamazoo,
Michigan; which was read a first time.
Mr. PELCH, also, from the same committee,
reported a bill to provide for the settlement of the
accounts of Abraham Edwards; which was read a
first time.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Pvlilitary
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Midshipman
Robert C. Rogers; which was read a first time.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill extending the privileges to Ameri-
can vessels engaged in a certain mentioned trade,
and for other purposes.
[Thisbill allows the steam packets between New
York and New Orleans to stop at Havana and take
in passengers, mails, &,c., provided that no mer-
chandise be landed or taken in.]
The bill having been read a first time—
Mr. D. asked its Immediate consideration; and the
bill was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and on the question of engrossment—
Mr. HALS asked that it might be delayed until
to-morrow, to which Mr. Dix assented.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Military
Aftairs, reported the biil to provide for the .settle-
ment of California claims, with an amendmfnt.
On motion of Mr. NILES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for a coin-
age ot the denomination and value ot one-fourtk of a dime,
or two-and-a-half cents, with an alloy of copper or other
metal, and tor tne (^continuance of the coinage of cents.
On motion of Mr JOHNSON, of Maryland, it
was ordered that two thousand extra copies of the
message of the President of the United States and the
report of the Secretary of War, in reply to the res-
olution submitted by him in December last, rela-
ting to the losses sustained by the United States
troops in Mexico, be printed.
On motion of Mr.BADGER,theprevious orders
were postponed, and the Senate took up for con-
sideration a bill placing the officer who performed
the duty of adjutant at the Military Academy on
an equality as to pay and allowances with adju-
tants of regiments; which was read a second and
third time, and passed.
An adverse report on the petition of Nancy Hag-
gard being taken up for concurrence— 3
Mr. UNDERWOOD, on the ground that the
committee had refused to allow interest on money
due for commutation pay, which had been granted
in many other instances, moved to reverse the de-
cision of the committee.
Mr. UPHAM opposed the motion, because it
had been the settled practice of the committee for
the last six years to disallow these claims for in-
terest.
The question on the motion of Mr. Underwood
was then put, and decided in the negative.
Mr. MANGUM called for the special order.
SUPREME COURT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
supplementary to an act entitled "An act concern-
ing the Supreme Court of the United States;" the
question being on its passage.
The bill was advocated by Mr. JOHNSON, of
Maryland, who warmly defended the Chief Jus-
tice against the attacks which might have been
made against him.
Mr. ALLEN made some remarks in reply.
Mr. JOHNSON rose to read an extract from a
letter he had received from the Chief Justice, in
which the Judge expressed his belief that the relief
was necessary, and his hope that the bill before
the Senate would pass.
Mr. ALLEN briefly rejoined, closing with a sug-
gestion that the moment the Supreme Court cuts
off its judicial intercourse with the States, public
opinion will begin to demand a judicial reform.
Mr. BUTLER gave it as his decided opinion,
that the Judges had no desire to relax their circuit
duties. Those duties would not be neglected.
There was no complaint that they had been neglect-
ed. The great object in view was, to work off the
appeal docket, which had so greatly accumulated.
He explained, that in his reference to politicians
who had been appointed judges, he had merely in-
tended to apply the phrase to those judges who
bad been pronounced by the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee as indolent, neglectful, or incom-
petent, in the performance of their duties..
Mr. BADGER said, that his opposition to this
bill did not arise out of any hostility to the court.
He was a friend to the court; and he was anxious
that it should retain its high position in the public
respect and confidence, which it would be in danger
of losing if it were to he cut loose from its circuit
duties, tie believed the natural, certain tendency
of this bill would be, to destroy the moral influence
and the intellectual ability of this tribunal. He
argued that the evil which had been said to exist
could not be remedied by special legislation; and
that the court, under the existing Jaw, possessed
the authority to dispense with one of their circuits,
and of course had the power they now asked for
without any act of special legislation. If they had
applied the time which they might have applied
to the disposition of these appeal cases, instead of
a hundred and sixty-three, not forty, nor thirty,
would have remained on the docket.
Mr. ASHLEY defended himself from the charge
of having made any assault on the judges of the
Supreme Court. He re-stated his views delivered
yesterday as the grounds on which he opposed the
bill. On consultation with his friends, he had been
led to believe that the substitute he had proposed
to offer was too extensive to be adopted without
some reflection. He would therefore withdiaw his
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then took the floor in re-
ply to objections, and in defcnce of the bill. He
expressed astonishment that the bill should have
caused so much alarm among even wise men. He
said that certainly the judges might have suspend-
ed their circuit duties, but they could not reconcile
it to their sense of duty. Some of the judges, too,
who had been exhausted too much to go on with
labor, objected; while others had circuit duties too
important to be neglected. These reasons had
prevented the court from dispensing with their
circuit duties. The object of the bill was to apply
a remedy to a practical evil. The measure is in-
tended to continue but for one year. He was
astonished at the opposition to the bill, which he
attributed to a timidity as to the consequences
which may result, which had no foundation in
reason—consequences which every one had dis-
avowed, and which he would at all times be pre-
pared, as far as his individual weight could go, to
resist.
[The debate will appear at length in the Appen-
dix.]
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and was determined as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. BeU, Berrien, Breese, Butler, Crittenden,
Davis of Massachusetts, Greene, Hajmegan, Hunter, Jobu-
