1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
son of Maryland, Mangum, Mason, Miller,'Phelps, Rusk,
Underwood, and Upham—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Badger.Bagby,
Benton, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Corwin, Davis of
Mississippi, Div. Felch, Foote, Hale, Houston, Johnson of
Georgia, Lewis, Moore, Niles, Spruance,andTurney—23.
Mr. BADGER then gave notice that he should
move to go into Executive business to-morrow at
one o'clock, ©n a matter that was of some import-
ance.
On motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 19, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BOCOCK rose to a privileged question, and
moved to reconsider the vote by which the bill of
the Senate to amend the act entitled*' An act to re-
duce the rates of postage, to limit the use and cor-
rect the abuse of the franking privilege, and for the
prevention of fraud oil the revenues of the Post
Office Department," passed March 3d, 1845, was
passed and returned to the Senate.
Mr. B. said he did not, in making this motion,
wish to interfere with any gentleman's possession
of the floor. He understood that a motion to re-
consider must be made on the day, or the day after
the measure to be reconsidered was decided: if his
motion of reconsideration could be kept alive, he
was willing to yield the floor to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] He felt bound to
make a speech at some time in support of his mo-
tion, and he would do so now or at another time,
as the House should prefer.
The CHAIR stated that the bill to which the
gentleman's motion referred had gone to the Senate:
if it was, to be reconsidered, the fiist motion must
be that the Senate be requested to send back the
bill.
The CHAIR stating that the motion could be
entered now and acted on heteafter—
Mr. BOCOCK did not press his motion; and it
was entered on the Journal accordingly.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. COBB made a question of order, stating that
a question of privilege (such as the right of a mem-
ber to his seat) took precedence of a merely priv-
ileged question, (like that of reconsideration;) and
the CHAIR assenting, ordered that the question of
the contested election be resumed.
Mr. JENKINS theft moved to amend the reso-
lutions appended to the report of the Committee
of Elections, by striking out all thereof and insert-
ing—
Rcwlvcd, That David S. Jackson is entitled to his seat upon
this flooi.
Mewlm'd, Tliar Jamea Monroe is not entitled to a seat
upon lins floor.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, intimated his
intention to demand the previous question; but
yielded to
Mr. BURT, who moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the words " Resolved,
that," and inserting—
■■ it does not satisfactorily appear that either David >S.
Jackson or James Monrofi has been duly elected a Repre-
sentative in the thirtieth Congress of the United Suites from
the sixth Congressional dlSrict in the State of New York,
and that a vacancy exists in that Congressional district."
Mr. GREEN then addressed the House in sup-
port of the right of the sitting member to the scat.
Mr. CONGEll followed, and sustained the claim
of the contestant.
Mr. JENKINS advocated the right of the sitting
member.
Mr. MONROE, the contestant, rose and said he
should not, laboring as he was under indisposition
from a severe cola, avail himself of the privilege
which had been extended to him by resolution of
the House. Nor did he. consider it necessary to
detain the House after the case had beori so fully
argued. He had come here, and had been kept
here four months and a half, for no other object
than to answer the requirements of his district—
with a view to' purify their elections for the future,
and not to take even the benefits of the past. He
was willing to submit the case to the decision of
the House on the facls which had been presented,
declaring that he would not have been here con-
testing the seat if he had not solemnly believed
that U was demanded by a due regard to the rights
of his constituents.
H.e would only further remark, that if the elec-
ti6a was sent back to the people* there was no law
in the State of New York authorizing an election
until the next general election.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The Governor can
authorize a special election.
Mr.'MONROE. There is no such law. I speak
advisedly on the subject. There neyer has been
a law under the new constitution which authorizes
the Governor to appoint a special election. But
whether the sixth Congressional district was rep-
resented or not, he said—whether it was repre-
sented by David S. Jackson Or James Monroe—
did not alter the great question involved. It was a
high moral question—one in which their whole
population were deeply interested—that they should*
purify theirelections. He was not a contestant as
a Whig or a Democrat, but to show that gross
frauds had been perpetrated on the people of the
sixth Congressional district of New York. With-
out saying more, he would submit the case to the
House.
Mr. JACKSON, the sitting member, was under-
stood to say that he would not encroach upon the
time of the House; he was willing that the case
should go to their decision upon the evidence which
had been presented. He then proceeded briefly
to review certain points of the evidence, and to
argue that the contestant had failed to make out
his case, but that the testimony clearly confirmed
his (Mr. J.'s) right to the seat which he now oc-
cupied.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, said he had in-
tended to notice one or two points that had been
made against his report, but he would forbear; and
after allowing the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Woodward] to offer an amendment, would
move the previous question.
Mr. WOODWAUD, after a few remarks, moved
the following as a substitute for the resolutions:
Revived, That tlHi evidence beloie the House is not suf-
fiuent to satiny it whethei David S. Jackson or James
Montoe bo duly elected a repi emulative m the thirtieth
Congress from the State of New York, and that, to admit
either to a st ar might he in deiogation of the rights of the
oilier and of the peoplo tie chums to represent.
Ra>oh-cd, therefore, That the seat claimed by the parties
is hereby declared to be vacant, and that a new election be
ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, moved the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER stated, that if thepreviousques-
tion was seconded, it would cutoff the amendment
just moved by Mr. Woodward.
Mr. COLLINS moved a call of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House do now
adjourn. Lost.
The question was put on ordering a call of the
House. Disagreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be now put, viz:
on agreeing to the substitute moved by Mr. liunt,
and it was decided in the negative: Yeas 13, nays
160.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
whole subject on the table. Disagreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment
moved by Mr. Jenkins, and was decided in the
negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bedmger, Bing-
ham, Btrdsull, Bocock, Bowdon. Bowlin, Boyd, Budges,
Brodhead, William G Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G.
Biovvn, Cathcart, Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverley L. Clark,
Ilowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins, Cummins,
Daniel, Dickinson, Fnran, Featheroton, Fickliu, French,
Gteen, WilhudP. Hal!, Hannnons, Haralson, Hani*, Henley,
Hill, George S. Houston, Inge, Charles J. In er>oll, herson,
Jameson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
K.uilman, Kennon, L:i S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Ligon,
Lord, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, MeClernand, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, McLaue, Job Mann,Meade, Miller, Morri*,
Mm so, Murphy, Pea lec, Pcck,P«nr < , Petti t, Peyton, Phelps
Richard<on, Richey, Uobinson,Rockhill, Sawyer, Simpson,
Sims, Sroait, Robert Smith,Stanton,Siarkweathei,Cliarles
E. Stuart, Sluing, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Rob* rt A,
Thompson, William Thompson, Thur. ton,Turnei,Vi liable,
Wentworth, Wiclc, Wiley, and Williams—93.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Adam**, Ashunm, Barringer
Domieli, Daer, Daniel Duncan, Gainett Duncan, Dunn.
Kckert, Kid wards, Embroe, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Farrelly, Fiournoy, Freedley, Fulton, Gaines, G lyie, Gen-
try, Giddinsrs, Gotf, Gregory, Giinnell, llale, Nathan K. Hall,
James G. Hampton, Mo«es Hampton, Henry, Hilhard, Isaac
E. Holmes, Elias B. Hohnes, Hubbard, Hudsorf, Hunt, Jos.
R. loget^oll, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King,
Daniel p. King, William T. Lawrenco, Lincoln, McBvaine,
Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Nelson, Newall,
Palfrey, Pendleton, Preston, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Rutnsey, St. John, Schenek,
Shepperd, Shemll, Silvester, Slingerland, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman §rmth, Andrew, Stewart, Strohm, TaUmadge, Tay-
lor, Thibodeaux, R. ,W. Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toombs, Tuck,Vinlon, Warren? White, Wilson,
and Woodward—102.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the resolutions
reported by the Committee of Elections. It was
divided and first put upon the first resolution, viz:
Resolved, That David S. Jackson is not entitled to his
seat in tins House as a Representative from the sixth Con-
gressional district of the State of New York.
It was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun,Barringer,Bar-
rWw, Bclehei, Blanchard,Botts, Boydon, Brady, Burt, Cabell,
Canby, Chapman, Clingman, Cocke, Colhuner, Conger,
Qianston, Ci infield, Crowell, Crozie/, Dickey, Dixon, Don-
nell, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn,Eekert,
Edwards, Emhree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Far-
relly, Fiournoy, Free dley, Fulton, Gaines, Gajle, Genu?,
Gidding*, Gott, Gregory, Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan K. Han,
James G. Hampton, Mo^es Hampton, Henry, Hilhard, Isaac
E. Holmes, Elias B, Holmes, lluhbaid, Hudson, Hunt, Jos.
R. Ingersoll, frvm, John W. Jones, Kello«g, Thomas Butler
King, Daniel P. King, William 'J'. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mcll-
vaine, Horace Mann, Marsh, Matvin, Morehead, Nelson,
Newall, P.illrey, Pendleton, Preston, Putnam, Julius Rock-
well, Juhn A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Rumsey, St. John,
Schenek, Shepperd, Sherrill, Silvester, Slingciland; Caleb
B. Smith, Truman Smith, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tall-
mad^e, Taj lor, Tmbodeaux, Richard W. Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Tompkins,Toombs Tuck, Viuton, Warren,
White, Wilson, and Woodward—103.
JVA YS—Mo-srs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Bing-
ham, BirdsaN, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Bridges,
Brodhciid, William G.Brown, Charles Biown, Albert G.
Brown, Cathc irr, Chase, Franklin Clark, Beveily L. Clark,
Howell Colib, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins, Cummins,
l)amel, Dickinson, Farau, Feather-«ton, Fiekhn, French,
Green, Willard P. Hall, Mammons, Haralson, Harris, Hen-
ley, Hill, George S. Houston. Inge, Charles J. Ingersoll,
hereon, Jame-nn, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W.
Jones, Kanlman, Kennon, La S6re, Sidney Lawrence,
Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin. Maclay, iMcCtelland, MeClernand,
McDowell, McKay, McLaiu*, Job Maun, Meade, Miller,
Morns, Morse, Murjihy, Pea-dee, Peek, Peine, Petm, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Ru har.l-on, Richej, Robinson, Rockhill, Saw-
yc«, Snap-on, Sim-, Smart, Robeit Soiilh, Stanton, Stark-
weathei, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston,
Turner, Venablc, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, and WiL
hams—911.
The question was then put on the second reso-
lution reported by the Committee of Elections,
viz:
Resolved, That James Monroe is entitled to the seat now
occupied in this House by David S. Jackson as a Repre-
sentative from the sixth Congressional district of Uie Slate
of New York.
^.nd it was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs.Abbott, Adam?, Ashmun, Harringcr, Bar-
row, Belcher, Ulancluird, Hous, Boydon, Brady,Cabell,Can-
by, Chapman,CI iitgman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cranston,
Cri.-field, Crowell, Cro?.ier, Dickey, Dixon, Domieli, Ducr,
Darnel Duncan, G.irnetf Duncan, Eekert, Ldwards, Nathan
Evans, Fariellv, Fiournoy, Freediey, Games, Gentry, Gid-
ding-, GfiU, (iieuoiy, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, J. G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry, K. B. llolmtN, Huhbard,
Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Jn crsoll, hvin, Kellogy, Thomas
It. King, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawiewc, Mcllvame,
Hoi ace M.uiu, Maisii, Marvin, Moreln ,t<l, Ncl-on. Nt wall,
Pallipv, Pendleton. Pr< ston, Putnam, JnliUf Ro< kvvell, John
A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Ruin-ey, St. John, Scheuck,
Shepperd, Sherrill, Silvester, Shngerland, Caleb H. Smith,
Truntan Smith, Andiew Stewait, Strohm, Talhnadge, Tay-
lor, Thibodeaux, Richard W.Thompson, John B.Thompson,
Tompkins,Tuck,'Vinton, Warren, White, and Wilson—91,
NAVS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beiile, Bedinger. Bing-
ham Birdcall, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Bridges,
Brodhead Win. 6. Brown, Charles Brown, AlhertG. Brown,
Burt, Cathcart, Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clark,
Howell Cobb, Williamson U. W. Cobb, Collins, Cummins,
Daniel, Dickinson, Dunn,Emhree, Alexander Evans, Faran,
Fcathf rston,Fiekhn, French,Gayb-,Guen, Willaid P.Hall,
Hammons, Haralson, HainiausoiijHarns, llrnlej, Hill,Isai!C
E. Holmes, George S. Houston, Inge. Charles J. Ingersoll,
Iverson. Jameson, J« nkius, Amhew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kaufman. Kennon, La Sdro, S. Lawienoe, lagon,
Lincoln, Laid, Lumpkin. MaclauMcHi Hand. McCltrnnnd,
McDowell, MeKaj, McLane, Job Mann, Meade, Miller,
Moiris,Morse, Muiphv,Pcasleo. Petk.Pciue, Pettit.Pe) ton,
Phelps, Riehmdson, Riehey. Robinson, Rockhill, Sawyer,
Simpson, Sims, Smart, R. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
Chailes E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Robot A. Thompson, Win. Thompson, Thurston, Tonmb*.
Turner, Venablc, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and
Woodwaid—IU4.
Mr. BURT inquired of the Speaker if, under the
racent decisions of the House, he should not con 
sider it his dutv to inform the proper authority of
(he Slate of New York that a vacancy existed in
ihe representation from thai State in the House ot
Representatives of the United States for the thir-
tieth Congress ? , - ,
The SPEAKER said that he should do so after
the time had elapsed in which a m°'lon <°r|
reconsideration of the votes last taken could be
m And', thereupon, Mr. COBB moved to reconsider
the vote by which the second resolution reported
by the Committes, of Elections was rejected.
