644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr WENTWORTH moved to lay the motion
to reconsider the vote on the table; which was
agreed to.
°Mr. TOMPKINS then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the first resolution of the Commit-
tee of "Elections had been adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which was agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented -j
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr GREGORY: The memorial of 57 citizen* of North
Bergen, in the State of New Jersey, for the purchase by Con-
gress ot Mount Vernon.
A}so, of &S citizens of Jersey City and Horsinins, in the
Stale of New Jersey, for the purch^e by Congress of Mount
Vernon.
Also, of 81 citrzons of Jersey City, m the &tate of New
Jersey, for the purchase by Congress of Mount Vernon
Ai^o, of 36 citizens of the city of Baltimore, in the State
of Maryland, for the puichase o( Mount Vernon.
[Reports from the Committee of Elections.]
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, from the Committee
of Elections, made the following report:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was re-
ferred the memonal of James Monroe, con-"
testing the election of David S. Jackson, as a
Representative in Congress from the sixth Con-
gressional district of the State of New York,
submit the following report:
The following facts arc admitted by the parties
in this case, to wit:
First. That the sixth Congressional district of
the State of New York is composed of the follow-
ing wards in the city of New York, divided, re-
spectively, into election districts, to wit:
The eleventh ward divided into six districts.
The twelfth ward divided into two districts.
The fifteenth ward divided into four districts.
The sixteenth ward divided into five districts.
The seventeenth ward divided into five districts.
The eighteenth ward divided into three districts.
Second. That an election for Representative in
Congress for said district was held on the 3d day
of November, 1846, at which the sitting member,
David S. Jackson, and the contestant, James Mon-
roe, were opposing candidates.
Third. That at said election, and from the re-
turns of the several election districts of the several
wards, David S. Jackson received a majority of
votes over James Monroe, of one hundred and forty-
three .
believes, that a portion of them did vote for him-
self, and a portion for the contestant. He does not
know the ward or district from which they w£re
admitted to the almshouse, but believes that they
resided in said district and ward before they be-
came inmates of the almshouse, and had been in
the habit of voting there.
The contestant also alleges :
Second. That nine persons who were paupers
in said almshouse on and previous to said election,
voted in the second election district of the twelfth
ward for the sitting member; and that none of said
paupers resided in said district before they were
admitted to said almshouse.
This is also denied by the sitting member, who
i alleges that some persons, originally from the said
almshouse, and who had gone thence in the spring
of the year 1846, to a farm on Randall's Island, in
said second district of said twelfth ward, where
they were then engaged in tilling said farm under
the direction of Moses G. Leonard, almshouse
commissioner of the State of New York, did vote
at said second election district of said twelfth ward,
at said election. He does not know for whom
they voted. He insists that they were residents
of said tic elftk ward; that they were challenged at
the time of offering their votes, and were only ad-
mitted to vote after having taken the preliminary
oath required by the laws of New York, having
answered all questions put to them by the inspect-
ors, and having taken the final oath required by
the constitution of the State of New York. „
The contestant also alleges :
Third. That front twelve to twenUj-four persons
who were, at the time of said election, convicts,
undergoing punishment at the city prison on Black-
well's Island, voted in the second election district
of the twelfth ward for the sitting member.
The sitting member denies that said number or
any other number of peisons were brought from
the prison on Blackwell's Island and voted for him
at said election.
The contestant also alleges :
Fourth. That on the night previous to the said
election, between three and four hundred persons
were taken from Blackwell's Island on board of a
slrrop,and located principally in the eleventh ward,
with a view to their voting; and that all or many
of them did vote at said election for the silting
member, when none of them were entitled to vote
in said Concessional district.
This is expressly denied by the sitting member.
The contestant also alleges :
Fifth. That eight or more foreigners, who were
not entitled to \ote, voted at the first election dis-
Fourlh. That the number of votes returned from
the third election district of the eighteenth ward, jj trict of the twelfth ward for the sitting member,
was as follows: For the sitting member,/owr hun- I This is denied by the sitting member.
dred and sixteen, and for the contestant, one hun- j| The contestant also alleges :
dred and eighty-one. jj Sixth. That five or more foreigners, who were
Fifth. That the sitting member was, at the time jj not entitled to vote, voted for the sitting member
of such election, President of the Board of Alder- •; at the second election district of the twelfth ward.
men of the city of New York, and that thcofficers
and keepeis of the almshouse and city prison are
appointed by the authonties of said city.
Sixth, That David S. Jackson was, at such elec-
tion, the regularcandidate of the Democratic party,
and James Monroe the regular candidate of the
"Whig party.
Seventh. That Norman B. Smith was also a can-
didate of the same party that nominated David S.
Jackson, for a seat in the Assembly of the State of
New York, and was also an officer in the alms-
house of the city.
Eighth. That Moses S. Jackson, a brother of
the sitting member, was, at the time of such elec-
tion, aii assistant alderman of the said eighteenth
ward.
These are the material admissions of the parties,
which become important in a subsequent part of
this case. In addition, the contestant alleges:
First. That one hundred and sixty-three paupers,
and upwards, from the almshouse and hospital, in
the eighteenth ward in the city of New York, voted
at the third election distiict of said eighteenth ward
for the sitting member, which paupers had not
been admitted to said almshouse from the said
thii d district of said eighteenth ward.
This is denied by the sitting member, who al-
leges that he is informed and believes, that about
This is denied by the sitting member.
The contestant'also alleges :
Seventh. That eight or more persons, not resi-
dents of the sixth Congressional district of New
York, voted in the twelfth or some other ward of
the said district for the sitting member.
This is denied by the sitting member.
The contestant also alleges:
Eighth. That five or more illegal votes were cast
for the sitting member in the sixteenth ward, of a
district not specified.
This is denied by the sitting member.
The contestant also alleges:
Js'onth. That one of the inspectors of the fifth
election district of the sixteenth ward was absent
during a great portion of the day of election; and
that many persons who were brought to said poll
to vote were challenged, and refused to take the
oath prescribed by law, as to their right to vote;
and that when the inspector referred to was away
from the polls, said persons were illegally admit-
ted to vote by the remaining inspectors.
The sitting member alleges that he has no knowl-
edge or information in relation to this charge, but
admits that he has heard that (for a few minutes
during the day) one of the inspectors in said dis-
trict was necessarily absent, and insists that this
should not invalidate th
election in that district.
one hundred electors, then " residing and having ij He denies that any persons who had been chal-
their actual residence" in 3aid third district of the j' lenged and refused to take the necessary oath, were
eighteenth ward, did vote at said election in said afterwards admitted to vote in said district.
district and ward; but that he does not know for |: The contestant also alleges:
whom they voted. He has been informed and l! Ttnth. That an inspector of the first election
district of the twelfth ward declared, after the elec-
tion, that he "got two votes for Jackson; one by
letting a ballot drop in the box when the vote was
challenged, knowing him not to be a voter; another
in canvassing the votes, when Jackson's name was
evidently erased, and <said it was only blurred.'*
The sitting member declares that he has no
knowledge or information in relation to this charge.
The contestant also alleges:
Eleventh. That the sitting member was, at the
time of said election, president of the board of al-
dermen of the city of New York, and that the
officers and keepers of the almshouse and city
prison are appointed by the authorities of said
city.
The sitting member admits that he was the pres-
ident of the sait^ board of aldermen at the time of
said election; but says that the said officers and
keepers had chiefly, if not in every instance, been
appointed previous to his election as president of
the board.
The contestant also alleges :
| Ticetfth. That Norman B. Smith was, at the
time of said election, a camlidate^for the Assembly
of New York, and also an officer in said alms-
J house; and that he was'the candidate of the party
' which nominated the sitting member.
This is admitted by the sitting member.
The contestant also alleges :
Thirteenth. That one of the inspectors of elec-
I tions of the third district of the eighteenth ward
was appointed and qualified after the board of in-
spectors had organized and the balloting had com-
menced, and before the paupers had voted. That
said appointment was made by the alderman or
assistant alderman, alone, who was a brother of the
sitting member.
The sitting member denies that the appointment
was made under the circumstances here charged.
He admits that his brother was an alderman in
said ward, and insists that if the appointment was
made as charged, the election would still be valid*
as there were two other competent inspectors.
The contestant also alleges:
Fourteenth. That the inspectors of election of
said third district of the eighteenth ward, or a
majority of them, admitted the paupers from the
almshouse to vote,because the said paupers "con-
sidered the almshouse their residence."
The sitting member denies that any decision
was made by the inspectors in said district in re-
gard to the right of the paupers generally to vote;
but insists, that when each one offered his vote, it
was refused, unless it appeared that he was then
an actual resident in said ward.
These constitute the issues which the contestant
and the sitting member have made, and which
have been the subjects of examination by the com-
mittee. Upon some of them no proof has been
offered by either party. Upon those to which the
testimony offered refers, the committee will pro-
ceed to lay before the House the views they enter-
tain. The published testimony to which they refer
will be found in " Miscellaneous" document No.
22, already published by order of the House.
The first question to which the committee think
it necessary to turn their attention, is that which
arises under the law of New York, as to the right
of the inmates of hospitals and almshouses to vote.
Thatlaw provides that "no-person shall bedeemed
to have lost or acquired a residence by being a student
in a college, academy, or 'any seminary of learn-
ing*, nor by living in a poorhouse, almshouse, hos-
pital, or asylum, in which he* shall be maintained
at the public expense," &c. The plain meaning
of this language is this: That the inmate of an
almshouse, hospital, &c., neither loses the resi-
dence he had before he went there, nor acquires a
new one by going there. He votes, therefore, upon
his former residence—that is, in the district or waid
where he lived before he became an inmate of the
almshouse or hospital. He can, under no cir-
i cumstances, be permitted to vote upon his alms-
| house or hospital residence. The committee are not
j aware that this position is seriously questioned.
I Independent of all legislation, these persons were
! not voters m the district in which the almshouse
, and hospital were located, by reason of their resi-
dence therein. By the common law, living in an.
almshouse, or other place of public charity, for
any length of time, would not create a residence,
or give the pauper the rights of aresident in the
town, ward, or city in which such charity is situ-
ated.
