64 6
member. They would have
to shut their eyes to all the known rules bv which
individual conduct is judged, to come to a different
conclusion. They desire no more convincing proof
of anything than that they were taken from the
almshouse with the express design that they should
Vote for the Democratic ticket, and that they did so
vote.
The committee do not suppose that there can be
any difference of opinion as to the fact that pau-
pers from the almshouse on Randall's Island voted
illeo-ally in the second district of the twelfth ward.
An! they think the evidence abundantly shows,
also, that they voted for the sitting member.
Eells, who was an inspector of that ward, says,
[page 37 of the printed evidence,] that the nine
persons whose names are on schedule D [page 91 j
of printed evidence] voted in that ward. He says,
that they were all challenged and sworn; that they
distinctly stated that they never had resided in the
twelfth ward, but that, notwithstanding this, their
votes were received.
The same witness swears, that he "did know
how the persons referred to voted;" that he " can-
vassed the votes as they were received;" and that
"the name of Mr. Jackson" was on the tickets
which they voted. [Page 38 of printed evidence.]
Mr. Swords, another of the inspectors of this
ward, fixes the number who voted at thirteen, and
corroborates all the material statements of Mr. Eells
in regard to the course of proceeding at the polls.
[Page 43 of the printed evidence.] Mr. McCarthy
seems to have been the ruling spirit at that poll,
which may arise from what is detailed by Mr.
Eells, that he understood that he " had a bet of one
hundred dollars on the result.
These thirteen persons were taken to the polls,
under the direction of Mr. Shea, one of the keep-
ers of the almshouse on Randall's Island, who told
Mr. Swords that "he had a great many more that
would have voted," if he had not "questioned them
so closely;" in consequence of which, he "had to
send them away elsewhere to vote." [See page 45 of
printed evidence.]
Votes were also illegally received in the fifth dis-
trict of the sixteenth ward. Lcete, one of the in-
spectors, fixes the number at "five or six." [Page
55 of printed evidence.] Dodd places it also at
"Jive or six." [Page 56.] Harley thinks there
were as many as " seven or eight." Norvdl, one
of the clerks, also fixes the number at "five or
six." By examining the testimony of these three
witnesses, it will appear that these persons, when
brought to the poll, were challenged and refused to
be sworn, as is required by the Jaw of New York,
stating thatthey did not wish to get themselves into
trouble.1' At that time two inspectors were acting.
Ofle of the inspectors was absent during a portion
of the day, when these same men returned, and their
votes were received by the remaining inspector without
smearing them. This inspector (Seaman) admits
that " he may have taken fifteen" votes while the
other inspector was absent. [Page 75 of printed
evidence.] They were clearly illegal. It is equally
apparent from the same testimony, as the commit-
tee think, that they voted for the sitting member,
and that it was well understood that they would
BO vote, when taken to the polls, both by the per-
son who took them there and the inspector who
received their votes...
Dr. Ha3brouck swears [page 14 of printed evi-
dence] that Michael Riley told him that he had
■voted twice. The name of this man is on schedules
A and C-, he voted at the third district of the eigh-
teenth. ward, and for the sitting member, as the com-
mittee have already shown.
Besides the voles illegally received, as pointed
out by the committee, the committee are entirely
convinced that a fraud of the grossest kind was
practised upon the ballot-box, by persons engaged
m secretly conveying to the polls prisoners con-
fined in the penitentiary on Blackwell's Island.
They have no doubt that John B. Shaffer and
Francis McLaughlin, who were keepers of the
prison, did transport from the island at least twenty
prisoners, whose term of service had not expired,
with a view to have their votes received at this elec-
tion. [See Mott's testimony, page 49 of the print-
ed evidence.] Their own testimony [pages 51,52,
53 of the printed evidence] is perfectly conclusive
of their guilt. But as the committee have before
them no evidence that these men voted at any par-
ticular poll, they have not taken them into the esti-
mate in the general result to which they have come.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
That result is as follows, to wit: the majority of
David S. Jackson over James Monroe, in the Con-
gressional district, was one hundred and forty-three
votes. One hundred and fifty-seven votes were ille-
gally cast for said Jackson in the district, which,
when taken from his poll, leaves a majority of
fourteen votes in the district for James Monroe.
This is shown by the following calculation:
Almshouse votes illegally received in the third
district of eighteenth ward 
Illegal votes from Randall's Island 
Illegal votes at fifth district of sixteenth ward..
Riley's vote twice counted 
Making in all of illegal votes 
Of these tioenty resided in third district of eigh-
teenth ward  20
Votes supposed to have been given to Mon-
roe     5
— 25
Number to be deducted from Jackson.. 157
These one hundred and fifty-seven votes, taken
from the votes of Jackson, leaves the majority for
Monroe fourteen, as already stated.
The committee, therefore, report to the House,
for its adoption, the following resolutions:
Resolved, That David S. Jackson la not entitled to his seat
in this Itou-e, as a Representative from the sixth Congres-
sional (list! let of the State of NewYoik.
Resolved. That James Momoe is entitled to the seat, now
occupied in this Hou^e by David S Jackson, as a Represent-
ative fiom tile si.uW Congressional district of tlie ytatc of
New York.
< Minority Report.
Mr. Jenkins, in b'ehalf of the minority of the com-
mittee, made the following report:
The undersigned, minority of the committee,
beg leave to submit the following report:
The constitution of the State of New York, in
force at the time of the election in question, pro-
vided—
That every male citizen of ttie a e of twenty-one years,
who shall have !>.'< n an inhubituntnt tins State one yeai ne.\t
pivcpdmjrany election, rind tor the last six months a tesulent
of the county where lie may offer his vote, shall he entitled
to vote in the touii or u.ard where iwactuatlyr&ides, and not
fi ewh< rT', for all office* s that now arc, or hereafter may he,
elected by the people."'—(See constitution of Jfc21,aiUele3,
section 1.)
"SECTIONS?. Laws may be passed excluding fiom the
right of suffrage persons who have been, or may be, con-
victed of infamous crimes.
"Section 3. Laws thai! be made for ascertaining, by
proper proofs, the citizen* who shall be entitled to the right
of suffrage hereby established.
" section 4. All elections by the citizens shall be by bal-
lot, except for such town ofheers as may by law be directed
to be otherwise chosen."
These are all of the provisions of the constitu-
tion bearing on the subject of elections.
From the time of the adoption of this constitu-
tion, in 1821, the various wards of the cities, and
the several towns into which the residue of the
State was divided, constituted the only election
districts in that State. For the purpose of accom-
modating' the voters, the elections were required
by law to be held during the period of three days
in succession.
By an act of the Legislature, passed April 5,
1842, [see laws of 1842, pages 113 and 114,] pro-
vision was made that all the wards m the several
cities, and all the towns in the State containing
more than five hundred electors, should be divided
into election districts, and the time for holding each
election was confined to one day. Under this law,
the six wards composing the sixth Congressional dis-
trict were divided into twenty-five election districts.
The same act required the ciector to swear(if his
vote were challenged) not only to what the consti-
tution prescribed as to residence, but also that he
was then a resident of the district in which he offer-
ed his vote. If the Legislature had not the power,
under the constitution, to go beyond that instru-
ment, and require the voter to be, and to prove him-
self, not only the resident of the ward, but also of a
'particular election district in suchicard, then the ques-
tion may arise whether the proof which tends to
show voters non-residents of a particular election
district in a ward is of any avail.
By the same statute, passed April 5, 1842, page
120, section 121, it is provided " that no person
' shall be deemed to have lost or acquired a rest-
* dence by living in any poorhouse, almshouse,
' hospital, or asylum, in which he shall be main-
i tained at public expense."
The laws of that State did not vest in the inspect-
ors of election any judicial power. There was no
provision allowing any other proof of a right to
vote than the oath of the elector. Under the pre-
liminary oath, the inspectors were authorized to
put questions to the voter (if his vote were chal-
lenged) as to his residence, &c.; but, if the voter
insisted upon taking the oath required by the con-
stitution, they were obliged to receive his vote.
The testimony, therefore, in this case, relating to
the decisions of the inspectors of election, has no
pertinence to the subject. Any person, being a
lawful voter, had a right to challenge, and the voter
an equal right to exercise his own convictions, by
'withdrawing or swearing his vote in. The ques-
tion of the legality of his vote could not be tried
by the inspectors of election.
Paupers, by the laws of that State, are not pro-
hibited from voting; and are not, for that cause, in
any manner deprived of the elective franchise.
The undersigned are of opinion that the rules
of evidence applicable to trials in a court of law,
should be taken as the guide here. The commis-
sioner, who took the evidence in this case, did
not decide upon the competency of the evidence,
but held " that his power did not allow the exclu-
4 sion of questions, except when the question put
' to the witness was leading or did not relate to the
' matter in controversy between the parties."—
[13.J*5 Hence, incompetent evidence has swelled
the return of the commissioner, and the question
of competency is left open for the decision of the
House.
The sitting member has produced the usual cer-
tificate, under the seal of.the State of New York,
showing that he was duly elected a member of this
Congress from the sixth Congressional district of
that State. This is not conclusive evidence of the
legality of his election; but the contestant,m order
to change the result, must establish the fact that at
least one hundred and forty-three illegal votes were
given for the silting member, at that election, over
and above any illegal votes given for himself.
1. The contestant complains in his eighth speci-
fication, 45 that eight or more persons, who were
' foieigners by birth, and never had become citizens
4 of the United States, voted at the iirst election
* district of the twelfth ward for David S. Jackson,"
[2.J John McMahon [46 to 49] is the only wit-
ness called to establish this charge. His deposi-
tion affords ample proof of the witness's strong
desire to make out a clear ease for the contestant,
and if hearsay is to be taken for proof, he has
more than filled up the prescribed list of illegal
votes. But the character of the witness was proved
by the testimony of Daniel Falvey and Peter Os-
trander to be decidedly bad, [74.] No effort was
made to sustain him, either by calling other proof
to support the charge, or to sustain his reputation.
See, also, James Leonard's deposition, [75.}
2. The contestant charges in his fourth speci-
fication, [2] " that one hundred and sixty-three
'paupers and upwards from the almshouse and
4 hospital, in the eighteenth ward of the city of
4 New York, voted at the third election district of
4 the said ward, on the 3d day of November, 1846,
' for David S. Jackson for Representative in Con-
f gress. The said paupers were not admitted to
* said almshouse from said district of the elgh-
i teenth ward."
it is important to look carefully into the proof
adduced in support of this charge, and to discrim-
inate between the competent and incompetent evi-
dence imbodied in the return of the commissioner.
.In order to reject these votes, it should be clearly
proved, on the part of the contestant, by legal evi-
dence, that the voters did not reside in the said
third election district. The voters themselves were
competent witnesses; and if called to this point,
could have placed the question beyond doubt.
But not one of them was called as a witness, and
a species of secondary evidence was resorted to, not
only to establish the non-residence of these voters
in the said third district, but also to prove that one
of them voted twice at that election. Thus Dr.
Hasbrouck [14] testified that he saw Michael Riley,
an inmate of the hospital, on the morning of the
election, deposit his vote in this district. The
counsel for the contestant then called upon this
witness to state the declarations of Riley upon the
subject; and, although this evidence was objected
to by the counsel for the sitting member,
Figures thus inserted^] in this report, refer to the page
of the printed evidence.
