648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
a he has by no means relieved himself of. If the
• „f   majority of the ftommittee be assumed
ircorreiCSei/th-ey place the alleged number
of illegal votes cast at the various wards at one
hundred and eighty-two, and deduct therefrom the
twenty-five votes which they deduct, and also the
above thirty-five votes, the said one hundred and
eighty-two alleged illegal votes is reduced to one
hundred and twenty-two, and this leaves the sit-
tin" member fairly elected by a majority of twenty-
on®' ■ •
But it has been the practice m these cases to call
upon the voters themselves to testify who they
voted for. If they decline to appear, or refuse to
testify who they voted for, such refusal lays the
foundation for secondary evid<yice, and then the
political party to which the voter belonged, and i
even his declarations, if made at about the time of
the election, have been received as the best evi-
dence which the circumstances of the case would
admit of. But in this case the contestant has made
no effort to examine the voters, and therefore has
laid no foundation for secondary evidence; hence
he has not lawfully proved any of the one hundred
and eighty-two persons to have voted for the sit-
ting member.
6. Charles P. Mumford, [82,] the clerk of the
almshouse, made the entries m the almshouse
register, and, upon proving schedule P, [99 and
109,] it distinctly appears that 14 names, found on
schedule C, were not on the tooksofthe almslurMe
ml846. This disposes of 14 alleged illegal voters.
The same schedule P also shows that John Mc-
Gowan,(McGovern,) James Merrill, George Carr,
and Daniel Maron, were discharged from the alms-
house before the 3d day of November, 1846, and
that Thomas Riley was not admitted to the alms-
house until the 15th December, 1846, a month and
a half after Hit election. There can be no pretence
that these five persons came from the almshouse to
vote. Mumford must have had full knowledge of
the books of thealmshouse; whereas Eels, who had
been in the almshouse only a year and a half, who
does not appear to have any care of the books, nor
any part in the keeping of them, must have found
the names (if he found them at all in any almshouse
books) Without reference to tlie time when the
persons-named in schedule C were there. John
Eels [36] lias not stated when he examined the
books, and compared schedule G with them, nor j
did lie state that he examined the books to find i
the inmates who were there at the time of the elec-
tion in 1S46. Schedule C, therefore, is entitled to
no weight as evidence.
It also appears from exhibit P, that 25 of the
persons who were inmates of the almshouse at the
time of the election in question, and whose names
appear on schedule C, and who are claimed by the
contestant to be illegal voters, were admitted to the
almshouse before the passage of the statute, above
quoted, fofbidding the gain or loss of residence by
means of going to the almshouse; for that statute
was passed April 5,1842. The question then arises
whether these 25 persons, who went to the alms-
house before the passage of the above-mentioned
statute, (and at the time of the election in Novem-
ber, 1846, none had resided there less than four
years, and some as much as twenty years,) had
riot obtained such a residence at the almshouse as
to make them lawful voters in the said election
district where the almshouse is located:
The following table comprises the disputed
votes:
Schedule B has on it  jo names.
schedule C Ims on u   X42 "
Schedule E, Rrtmlall's island 9 «
Fifth disElK't, Kith v. arcl u
mittee that five illegal votes were cast by the pau-
pers for the contestant. The undersigned believe
the number of votes cast for the contestant by the"
inmates of the almshouse much larger. But if
five be taken as the number, those five illegal votes
should not only be taken from the list of' alleged
illegal votes for the sitting member, but they should
be deducted from the votes given for the contest-
ant. This would be equivalent to a deduction of
ten from the list of alleged illegal votes given for
the sitting member. Therefore, deduct jive more
from the above 153.
Second. There is no proof showing for whom
the persons named in schedule B voted. Deduct,
therefore, 22 votes for this cause, from the above
153.
Third. There is no proof whatever that the
twelve persons named in schedule C, alleged to
have been on Otis's list, were not lawful voters,
nor is it shown for whom they voted. Deduct
this number.
Fourth. Make a like deduction of fourteen per-
sons named in schedule P, who weie not in the,
almshouse.
Fifth. Make a like deduction for the five per-
sons named on exhibit P, who were discharged
from the almshouse before the election.
Sixth. If the twenty-five persons who went to
the almshouse before the passage of the statute of
1842 obtained a residence, then this number should
in like manner be deducted.
The undersigned recommend that the House
adopt the accompanying resolutions.
TIMOTHY JENKINS,
LUCIEN B. CHASE,
HEZ. WILLIAMS,
S. W. IxVGE.
Resolved, That David S. Jackson is entitled to his seat
upon this floor.
Resolved, That James Monroe is not entitled to a seat
upon this floor.
confirm the location and grant a quarter-section of
the public lands for a county site at ftillsborough,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
Deduct 20 votes conceded to he lawful by the
majonty  
Also votes conceded to be given for con-
testant  5
As the sitting- member's majority, according to
the oiigmal returns, is 1^3, a further deduction
from thfi above 153 of eleven votes, would still
leave tfie sitting- member a majority. But the un-
dersigned believe, that if they adopt a far more
fa\orabIe rule of evidence to the contestant than
the practice of the House on principle will justify, ,
yet that quite a majority will remain in favor ofj
the sitting member. ,!
lirst. It is conceded by the majority of the com
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 19, 1848.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of William
Pennoyer, a revolutionary soldier, for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
the Washington Gas Light Company; which was
read a first time.
Also, from the same committee, the bill to incor-
porate the Washington Mutual Insurance Com-
pany and Savings Institution, withoutamendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, made an unfavorable.report on the petition
of Richard P. Dove. *
Mr. WE3TC0TT, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
J. Harris, late deputy collector at Providence,
Rhode Island.
Mr. D1X., from the Committee on Commerce,
asked to be discharged from the petitions relating
to the adoption of Evans's patent steam safety
valve.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following,
which was ordered .to be printed:
Resolved, That the Comimtae on Finance be instructed to
bun? in a bill repealing "An act concerning tonnage duty
on Spanish vessel," Passed June SO, 1834. or to modify the
said act so as to allow Sp,ini>h vessels trom Cuba to trade j
between the Wand and anj part uf the United States upon !
the same tooting, as to tonnage duties, as the vessels of the j
toruign couptrieb are allowed to tia'le between the ports of
their country and the porta ot the United Slates.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the bill to reduce !
and graduate the price of the public |pnds, and for j
other purposes, was taken up and postponed, and 1
made the special order of the day for the first j
Monday in May next. j
Mr. HALE gave notice that he would to-mor- i
row, or at some subsequent day, introduce a bill to
prevent riotous or tumultuous assemblages within
the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the bill to grant
to the State of Illinois a right of way through the
public lands, and for other purposes, was made
the special order for this day two weeks.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the bill to change
the name of Phocian Kavasales to that of Photius
Fisk, wasconsidered as in Committee of the Whole, j
and passed. j
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the bill to '
The bill extending privileges to American ves-
sels engaged m a certain trade therein mentioned
was read a third time, and passed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives stating that the House having agreed
to a motion to reconsider the amendments to the
bill to declare the true intent and meaning, so far
as respects the franking privilege of members of
Congress, of the act approved the 1st of March,
1847, &c., requested of. the Senate the return of
said bill.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to which the biU
and amendments had been referred, was discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, and
the Secretary" was directed to return the bill to the
House.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the Senate proceed
to the special order for this day, being the bill to
carry into effect certain provisions in the treaty
between the United States and China, and the Ot-
toman Porte, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls of the United States in those
quarters.
Mr. BADGER would not object to the motion,
with the understanding that, if taken up^ the bill
would be informally passed over, in order that he
might have the opportunity to make the motion of
which he gave notice yesterday, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. ASHLEY suggested that the bill could be
passed over after it had been placed in a position
to give it preference over other business.
Mr. CASS expressed his apprehensions that this
bill would occupy much time. He hoped it would
not be pressed. It would be recollected that he
had given notice of his intention of calling up the
volunteer force bill as early as possible. It was very
important thdt that bill should be acted on without
delay.
Mr. HALE asked if the honorable chairman of
the Military Gommittee had received any recent
news from Mexico, which rendered it so important
that his bill should be passed?
Mr. CASS replied, that he had received no new
intelligence; but if the bill should not be passed in
a day or two, we might expect some disastrous
news from that quarter. ,
The motion of Mr. Ashley was agreed to, and
the bill was taken up. The reading of the bill
was called for; but before the bill had been gone
through—
Mr. EXAVIS, of, Massachusetts, expressed a
hope that the further reading might be dispensed
with, and that the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee would not press its consideration at this
time. This was a measure of very great delicacy
and difficulty. The more he had looked into the
bill, the more he had become convinced of this
fact. The bill would require considerable amend-
ment. It was to establish the laws of the United
States over such of the citizens of the United
States as were resident in China. -He had confer-
red with the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Butler] on the subject, and they had agreed that
it was a measure of much delicacy and complexi-
ty. Yet there was no insuperable difficulty in the
way, none which could not be overcome, if time
were given for proper deliberation.
Mr. ASHLEY disavowed any design to press
the bill at this time. He was sensible of the diffi-
culty which surrounded the subject. This bill
passed the House of Representatives last session,
and was brought to the Senate too late to be acted
on, and therefore was kid over with the other un-
finished business. He had made some attempts to
bring it before the Senate, but he was not disposed
unreasonably to press it. With a view to prevent
unnecessary delay, he had expressed to several
Senators whom he regarded as best informed on
the subject, his desire to obtain their views. He
had obtained all the original documents having a
bearing on the subject. He had examined the
course of action in the British Parliament. He
would only now express the hope that the bill
would be considered from day to day, until it could
be matured. The correspondence of' Mr. Everett
