1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
was true in this case, that no precedent could be
found in the parliamentary history eitherof England
or this country, where the House had acted upon
such a question, unless some particular individual
or fact were specified. But this, it seemed to him,
would be a very good argument against the pas-
sage of the resolution, but, he submitted to the
good sense of the House, was not pertinent to the
question of order.
So far as the merits of this case were concerned,
he fully concurred with both his colleagues who
had spoken upon the point of order, [Messrs.
Toombs and Haralson,] that the question was not
as to the nature of the menace, as to the character
of the mob, as to the parties who participated in
it, as to the justification of the mob. if those
questions were before the House, he might be pre-
pared, before the House and before the country,
to justify it: so far as rumor was concerned, he
averred he was prepared to justify it to the fullest
extent. But that was not the question now, nor
did he understand the Chair as having decided any
question involved, or even bearing upon the merits
of that question.
In reply to inquiries proposed successively by
Mr. Barringer and Mr. Gayle, and in further
brief remarks, Mr. STEPHENS sustained the
decision of the Chair, and argued'that upon the
presentation of the paper by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, it was the province of the House,
and not of the Speaker, to decide whether it was
a question of privilege. If, upon an investigation
of the case, there should be a failure to specify
persons and facts, the House might lay it on the
table or otherwise dismiss it, as th<iy saw fit. He
wished*an investigation. If rumor, with her thou-
sand tongues, were true, he believed that mem-
bers of this House were implicated in violation of
the law—so deeply implicated as parties to theft
and felony, that they should be expelled from this
floor. He was not only for the investigation, but,
if the rumors proved to be true, he should go for
the expulsion of the member or members impli-
cated.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, after some conversation
with the SPEAKER as to the precise nature of
his decision, appealed to Mr. Brodhead to with-
draw his appeal, that the question might come at
once before the House, that the House might de-
cide, under the intimation of the Speaker, whethcr-
this was a question of privilege or not.
Mr. BRODHEAD replied, that he had taken an
appeal from the decision of the Chair because the
preamble and resolution presented by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts did not make such a case
as required the intervention of this House, and did
notamount toa privileged question,or a question of
privilege. He therefore must insist on ins appeal,
Mr. COBB intimated his intention, then, to
move the previous question, that the House might
dispose of the appeal and come to the question
raised by the resolution; but waived, and finally
withdrew, the motion, in accordance with what
seemed to be the wishes of the House.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. COBB
and the SPEAKER, in which
Mr. COBB stated the point on which he differed
from the decision, and should sustain the appeal if
pressed to a vote; and
The SPEAKER repeated, that if a member rose
and stated a breach of privilege committed upon
himself or a fellow-member, whether arising upon
facts within his own knowledge or reaching him
by rumor, whether growing out of debate in this
House or of circumstances which happened one
thousand miles distant, the Chair decided that,
upon -the allegation being made, it was for the
House to take up the question and determine
whether such a breach of privilege had occurred
as to require its interposition, and whether there
was sufficient ground for its being entertained as a
question of privilege.
Mr. MEADE said the question had not yet, in
his opinion, been correctly stated. He acknowl-
edged the distinction drawn by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] between a privileged question
and a question of privilege. When a member rose
to a privileged question, the Speaker was bound to
hear his motion, and when that motion was made
the Speaker must decide whether it was in order.
Its being in order depended on the fact whether or
not it were a question involving the privileges of
members of the House. And the Speaker must
necessarily determine for himself whether it be
such a question. He must decide in order to pro-
ceed with the business. If it should not be a ques-
tion of privilege, then it was out of order, and the
Speaker must say so. if he received the motion,
then he virtually decided that it was a question of
privilege, and therefore in order. If the House
was dissatisfied with the decision, it must be decided
by an appeal, and thus the House decided this ques-
tion of privilege, if there were no appeal, then
the House concurred with the Speaker, and the
question then was on the adoption of the motion.
He concurred with the Speaker that it was a ques-
tion involving privilege. If a mob were to attack a
member for words spoken in that House in debate,
if the member had the right to speak the words,
he should be protected. He would vote for the
resolution of inquiry, and would move an amende
ment to inquire into the conduct of members of
this House, who, it was rumored, had instigated
thecrimewhich had been recently committed. The
series of resolutions introduced on Monday by the
member from Ohio declaring the right of the slave
to escape, and other acts of his known to the mem-
bers of this body, justify the suspicion that he was
connected with the crime recently committed.
Mr. HASKELL concurred m the expression of
the desire that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
would withdraw his appeal from the decision of
the Chair, so that the whole question might come
i up fully and fairly before the House, that they
might make that investigation which it seemed to
him its importance demanded. He was glad that
the gentleman from Massachusetts had availed him-
self of the occasion to introduce a resolution of this
character. If the gentleman had not done it, he
should have done it himself, it had been his de-
sign, and he had come into the House piepared to
introduce a resolution, not having in view the exact
object of the resolution of the gentleman, but an
investigation of the matters which had lately agi-
tated this community. iNow, a strange state of
things was presented here. Members of this body,
as he believed and felt ready to charge, had been
engaged, by the course of conduct they pursued
on this fioor and out of this Hall, in the deliberate
attempt to scatter the seeds of insurrection and
insubordination, if not rebellion, among the slaves
in tins District. Men on this floor, under the garb
of philanthropy and love of human liberty, had
been endeavoring to perpetrate felonies for which
they ought to swing as high as Haman. He spoke
the plain truth. He was willing to have his words
measured, and he held himself responsible for the
language he used. An attempt had been made on
this floor to abolish slavery m the District of Co-
lumbia in the form of law, if they could, and in
violation of the Constitution; and, bafiled and foiled
in that, the&e mock-philanthropists were now, as
he believed before God, attempting to abolish sla-
very in this District by inciting the negroes to leave
their masters.
The SPEAKER here interposed, and reminded
the gentleman that the question before the House
was upon the appeal. *
Mr. HASKELL (continuing) charged that the
conduct of these men, their language on this floor
and out of this House, had been such as to pro-
duce this state of things—a disposition to insurrec-
tion and rebellion among the slaves in this District.
He held in his hand a resolution which he intended
to move, and which he should move by way of
amendment when this House entertained the reso-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, having
for its object an inquiry into the conduct of these
members, and if they were found guilty, their ex-
pulsion from this body as unworthy to hold seats
on this floor.
"We had seen lately in this community an agita-
tion and excitement which every good man must
deplore—slaves leaving their masters, a vessel
coming to this city 
The SPEAKER again interposed, and suggested
to the gentleman from Tennessee the propuety of
confining himself to the question of appeal. He
was anticipating debate upon the merits of the res-
olution; the question was, whether there should be
any such debate; the Chair had decided that the
resolution was in order; an appeal had been taken
from that decision, and the question was now on
the appeal.
Mr. HASKELL said he would conclude what
he had to say by reading, for the information of the
House, the amendment which he proposed to offer
to the resolution of the-gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and which he should offer at the proper
time:   •
" And that said committee be authorized to inquire.into
and leport to tills Hou&e whether any member or members
ot tins Hr.u^e wpre insimmental in procuring the slaves
who were recently decoyed from their owners in this Dis-
trict to leave their owners, and whether, the said members
ot this House have not been guilty of felony in attempting
or aiding in an attempt to kidnap slaves."
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, with a view,
he said, to submit a motion; before doing which,
he wished to make a single^remark, to avoid mis-
conception of the object he had in view. His im-
pression was, that the decision of the Chair was
incorrect, and he wanted it therefore understood
that in the motion he was about to make he did
not commit himself to its propriety. But he was
anxious to have this committee raised; he desired
this investigation to go on, that this whole matter
might be probed to the bottom, and he therefore
moved to lay the appeal on the table.
Some conversation ensued between the SPEAK-
ER and Mr. STUART, of Michigan, and Mr.
McKAY, in reply to an inquiry of the last-named
gentleman.
The SPEAKER stated, that if the appeal were
laid on the table, the resolution of the gentleman
from • Massachusetts would then be before the
House for its action.
The question being taken, the motion of Mr.
Bayly was agreed to, and the appeal was laid on
the table.
The question was then announced to be on the
resolution and preamble of Mr. Palfrey.
Mr. VENABLE obtained the floor. It was
with extreme and deep reluctance, he said, that he
felt himself compelled to appioach the discussion
of the question which had been thrown before
them to-day. He had taken his seat, at the open-
ing of this session, cherishing the fondest hopes
tliat the mere party questions and policies which
divided us as Whigs and Democrats would be the
subjects which would come before them; that they
might meet, quietly meet, on the same platform,
as citizens of the country they all dearly loved,
and protected by the eegis of the Constitution they
all venerated. He had come here with these fond
hopes, but he had been here but a few days before
he felt that those hopes were to be blighted; he
saw, afriidst the forbearance of the South, that
spirit of fanaticism which would walk" with lighted
torch in a magazine; he saw that fanaticism which
would authorize men to right what they considered
a wrong, without ever thinking of the wrong they
would inflict; that spirit of fanaticism which would
never stop short of heaven or hell; which knew
no middle ground, and which, when once fastened
on a man's heart, led him to trample on all that is
sacred and holy. He saw that hope blighted; that
no subject could be introduced into this House—
even a resolution of congratulation of a people
throwing off the yoke of a tyrant and establishing
freedom for themselves—without having-this fire-
brand thrown into this House. He saw the South
persecuted, taunted, harassed, held up to odium to
the world—continually held up—until he had re-
ceived from his own district and section of country
urgent appeals. Were they to be made odious, were
their institutions continually to be dragged before
the public, by the fanatic and the hypocrite, to taunt
andsneerat,and were theirdearestnghts to be aban-
doned by those who represented them? Was there no
man from the South who would stand up and say to
them what should be said? Yes; in his humble
way, he would vindicate the rights and maintain
the cause of those who had sent him here; and he
would never fail to rebuke fanaticism and denounce
hypocrisy, in the man, and in those who acted
with him, who said he wanted to keep the knife of
the slave near his master's throat; and that when
the slave fled to Ohio and there slew his master
in attempting to reclaim him, he would call him a
clever fellow; a%^ that there was no law there to
pumsh him. It was a libel upon the institutions
of that State. He had examined the laws of Ohio,
and he found that if a man did a lawful act and
another killed him when engaged in it, they called
him a murderer. The Constitution of the United
States provided for the reclaiming of fugitive slaves,
and the Supreme Court of the United States had
decided that that clause of the Constitution so far
executed itself as that the master or his agent had
the right to pursue Bis slave and retake him.' if,
then, the slave killed him, he killed him doing a
lawful act.' * _
