1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
penal act in this District. Now, it is wrong, to*
violate this law, because in entering society we
bind ourselves to keep the laws which are consti-
tutionally enacted. There is a legal crime 
Mr. HASKELL. Was there any moral crimed
Mr* GIDD1NGS. I do not believe there is the
least moral crime on earth in maintaining the rights
God has given me.
Mr. YENABLE interfered, and claimed the
floor.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
North Carolina was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GIDD1NGS declined to yield, as the floor
had been given him for explanation, until he had
concluded.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Ohio that the floor was only given him by consent
of the gentleman from North Carolina, who now
claimed his right to it.
Mr. GIDD'INGS yielded.
Mr. VENABLE resumed, sending to the Clerk's
table the following amendment, which he had be-
fore indicated, but embracing now as a modifica-
tion the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Haskell;] which was read,
as follows:
Strike out the word 1 five.' in the resolution, and insert
'nine;' and insert after the word i appointed,' the words
'byballot;' also, insert after the words 4referred to,' the
following, viz: 'and that said committee be instructed to
'inquire into, and report to this House, whether any mein-
*ber or members of this House were instrumental in pro-
i curing the slaves who were recently decoyed from their
'owners in this District, to leave their owners; and whether
'the said members of this House have not been guilty of
'felony in attempting, or aiding in an attempt, to Kidnap
'•slaves.' "
Mr. TOOMBS was not averse to bringing up
the investigation that was sought to be arrived at,
but he objected to dignify it with the claim of priv-
ilege. He denied that the resolution contained a
question of privilege, or one that ought to be in-
quired into by this House. When he addressed
the House on the question of order, he held,
as he now held, that all questions of this charac-
ter became privileged questions, solely because
they involved questions of privilege, and that no
question of this character could necessarily be
a privileged question which did not involve a
question of privilege. A member rose and said,
he rose to a question of privilege. The Speaker
must determine whether his statement involved
a question of privilege. If it did, it was a priv-
ileged question, and would override all other
business, and not otherwise. Now he denied the
ground taken by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. J. R. Ingkrsoll.] He wholly denied that
this body had the right of the British Parliament
on questions of privilege. He claimed that the
people of this country had rights. The rights of
the citizens were better secured by the laws of the
land than they were by the libertine construction
of privilege which for so many centuries oppressed
the people of Great Britain. There was not a more
undefined, arbitrary, and unjust principle on the
face of ihe earth; and he denied the conclusion to
be right at which the Speaker had arrived after
reading the British law of privilege. He held
that such principles were not to govern this l\ody,
and he denied that the extract read from the Man-
uel had any authority over them. Mr. Jefferson
merely stated it was a principle of the British Par-
liament, not a3 a principle of this House; he sub-
mitted the argument on both sides. This was
considered in 1800 in the reign of terror, during
the administration of the elder Adams; and the
Republican party, with whieh he had ever agreed,
held distinctly that ihis House had no other priv-
ilege than was given to it by the Constitution, and
that they could not refer to the common law of
Parliament for power of any sort. He held that
doctrine to this day. This was a Government
limited in its powers by the Constitution, and to
the Constitution they must look for;their powers;
and if they were not there, they were nowhere,
and the exercise of such powers was a usurpation
on the part of this House, and an aggression on
the rights of the citizens, which he stood there this
day to defend. He stood there to defend the rights
of the mob, and he offered the Constitution of the'
United States in opposition to the punishment which
this House might attempt to inflict.
He cared not what were the facts of this case;
he submitted to the Constitution, which declared,
under the general authority, that Congress had
power to make all laws necessary aad proper for
carrying into execution the powersgiven them, but
he denied the right of the common law of Parlia-
ment. If the rights and duties defined by the Con-
stitution were not sufficiently protected, let Con-
gress pass all laws under the clause to which he
had referred that were necessary and proper to
protect those rights. Until such laws were passed
there was no power to punish. -This was a ques-
tion which went to the foundation of government.
It was a question affecting the foundation of pop-
ular liberty, which it was more important they
should defend than an individual who had shown
himself to be unworthy of protection.
He begged to call the attention of the House to
the language of Mr. Jefferson in the Manual. It
was in these words: "The editor of the Aurora
' having, in his paper of February 19, 1800, in-
' serted some paragraphs defamatory of the Senate,
' and failed in his appearance, he was ordered to
* be committed."
He would here take occasion to remark, that
every newspaper editor in the country, under the
authority claimed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives, might be dragged
before them and confined; and against such bound-
less, limitless power, pf.privilege, and in defence of
the rights of the country, he called upon every
friend of liberty to stand forth.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Georgia that the Chair had pronounced no opin-
ion on the facts; and at some length he reiterated
the ground assumed by the Chair.
Mr. TOOMBS was showing that the principle
had not been properly quoted, and the clause of the
Constitution to which reference had been made
was of no force unless laws were enacted to carry
it out. He would like to know how this House
was to do it? Could they do it directly or inferen-
tially? This Government derived its powers from
the Constitution. Such was their authority. Tyr-
anny had assumed thousands and ten^>f thousands
of forms under the rules of Parliament. Oppres-
sion was spread over the land; and here our fore-
fathers intended to limit and define it, and to secure
the rights and liberties of the people. This he was
showing by the quotation he was reading from the
Manual", and he contended that this privilege of
Parliament was of no force here, further than it
was prescribed by the Constitution, and carried out
by laws properly enacted in accordance with the
Constitution. But to proceed:
" In debating the legality of this order, it was insisted, in
support of it, that every man, by the )aw of nature, and every
body of mon, possesses the right of self-deleneo; that all
public functionaries are essentially vested with the powers
of self-preservation; that they have an inherent ritrht to do
all acts necessaiy to keep themselves in a condition to di
ehaige the trusts eonfHed to them ; that, whenever authoii-
ties are given, the means of cairying them into execution
are given by necessary implication; that thin we s-eu the
British Parliament oxeicise the right of punishing con tempts;
ail the State Legislatures exercise the same power, and
every court does the same; that if we have it not, wc Mt
at the mercy of every intruder who may enter our doors or
gallery, and, by noise and tumult, render proceeding in busi-
ness impracticable; that if oui tranquillity is to be perpetu-
ally disturbed by newspaper defamation, it will not be pos-
sible to exercise our funcuons with the requisite coolness
and deliberation; and that we must therefore have a power
to punish these disturbers of our peace and proceedings."
That was the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. It was the argument of Federal-
ism in 1800, against the publishing by an editor of
that which he believed to be right.
"To this it was answered, that the Parliament and courts
of England have cogmzanee ot contempts by tho express
piovis-ions of their law; that the State Legislatures have
equal authority, because their poweisaie plenary; they rep-
resent their constituents completely, and possess all their
powen, except, such as their constitutions) have expressly
denied them ; that the courts of the several States have the
same powers by the laws of their States, and those of the
Federal Government by the same State laws adopted iri each
State, by a law of Congress; that none of these bodies,
therefore, derive those powers from natural or necessnry
right, but from express law; that Congress have nd such
natural or necessary power, nor any powers but such as are
given them by the Constitution; that that has given them
Birectly exemption fiom personal arrest, exemption from
question elsewhere for what is said in their Hou*e, and
power over their own members and proceedings; for these
no further law is wee«saiy, the Constitution being the law ;
that, moreover, by that ai Ucle of the Constitution which au-
thorizes them ' to make all laws necessary and proper for
eariying into execution the powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in them,'they may piovide bylaw for an undisturbed
exercise of their function, e. g. for the punishment of con-
tempts, of affrays or tumult in their presence, &c.; but till
the law be made, it does not exist, and does not exist from
their own neglect; that, in the mean time, however, they
are not unprotected, the ordinary magistrates and courts of
law bfciag oj>ei\ and cpmgetenttp pun^ajl unjuatifiaWtt,dis-
turbances or defamations, and even theirown^ergeant, who
may appoint deputies ad libitum, to aid him, (3 Grey,fS9,147,
255,) is equal to small disturbances; that, on requiring a
previous Jaw, the Constitution; had regard to the inVMatwi-
ty of the citizen as well as of the member; as shotrid; one
House, in the regular form of a bill, aip> at too broad privi-
leges, it may be cheeked by the other, and both by the Presi-
dent; and also, as, the law being promulgated, the citizen
will know how to avoid offence."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania told him his
views were too limited, and therefore he had here
given that gentleman the judgmentof others, based
on unanswerable argument. He knew not how
far the gentleman from Pennsylvania and he dif-
fered on the fundamental principles of government;
but this he would undertake to assert, that that
gentleman's argument was untenable when he jus-
tified the doctrine of contempts. The extract winch
he had read quoted the clause of the Constitution
which gave Congress power to pass laws that were
necessary for the execution of the powers given by
the Constitution, and then added: " but till thtelaw
be made, it does not exist." Well, then, where
was their law ? It did not exist, and hence gentle-
men claimed the right, in exercising those powers,
to go back to the laws of Parliament, which he had
no hesitation in saying was an abuse of power.
He had the pleasure, last night, to hear the Dis-
trict Attorney arguing on the street, to a mob, that
the laws of the land were sufficient for the punish-
ment of offenders. But it seemed the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Palfrey] did not deem
them sufficient, for he came here and claimed the
parliamentary privilege. It was not for the laws
of the land that he asked, but for the undefined and
undefinable privilege of Parliament. Now, he
(Mr. T.) stood by the privilege of the people in this
great controversy. He would tell this House—the
gentleman from the South especially—that under
this very insidious question of privilege, by avoid-
ing the other branch of Congress and the Execu-
tive, they intended to reach the object aimed at.
They had heard from a member of this House
this day, that there was no moral criminality in an
act recently committed. There was only one step
further to go, and that step would not be taken in
broad day, but in the nignt. And when this act,
in which there was no moral criminality, was com-
mitted, they might expect to see this House pro-
tect its members by its own privileges. There was
a question of deep importance to the South; and
hence he wished this question of privilege decided:
he wished to know, and he wished the people to
know, the limits of the privileges of this House.
Every man had a right to know the laws under
which he lived, but the law of privilege depended
upon the construction of the House: and if such a
decision were to prevail, there would be as base
slaves living under this Government as any that
were now in the jail of this District. Yes; and he
wished to tell the American people, that if the
people of this District were to be dependent for
their liberties and their rights on the judgment of
this House on their own privileges, they would
deserve the fetters of the felon if they tolerated the
presence of this House for a single "night.
The people of this District had rights, too; they
had the rights of nature. The rights and privi-
leges of this people must stand on some safer
ground than the decision of this House, on a
question affecting its own privileges. In vain they
might call for orOer—in vain would their District
Attorney argue before a mob when their rights
were trampled upon—in vain would this House be
invoked if the people here had no security; and he
trusted in God that discord would reign forever—
he wanted no peace among them until their rights
were secured.
Hear again the authority from which he had
read: «•
•** But if one branch may assume its own privileges with-
out control,'' 
And this was what this House was doing now.
The man who chastised a member of this House
was to be punished under the law of privilege.
Such was to be the operation of this law of privi-
lege, which he called upon his countrymen every-
where to mark and to resist:
 "if it may do it on the spur of the occasion, conceal
the law in its own breast, and alter the fact committed, make
its sentence both the law and the ju'llinientoti that fact; if
the offence is to be k^pt undefined, and to be declared only
ex re nala\ and according to the passions of the moment, and
there lie no limitation either in the. manner or measure of
the punishment, tbecowlition of the citizen will be perilous
indeed,"
Thi  was the, doctrine and these. were the argu-
