656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20.
ments used in 1800, when they had to look at the
extent of their rights and at the tenure by which
they vindicated and held them,
"Which of these doctrines is to prevail, time will de-
cide.
"Well, the time has come. It had become the
duty of the 30th Congress to decide whether it had
been adopted by the Speaker of this House, who
ruled that the case stated in the resolution be-
fore the House was embraced in the .privileges
given and bestowed by the Constitution. He
thought the Speaker was wrong. The privileges
of this House were defined by the Constitution,
and they could not go anywhere else to seek
for them. He was for supporting the supreme
law. This doctrine, that there was no moral crime
in violating the civil law, men would do well to
consider. Men would do well to remember that
they" derive their protection from the law. It was
because there was a reliance on law that there was
no fear of physical force.
"Where there is no fixed law, the judgment on any par-
ticular ease ts the law of that single ca«e only, and dies with
il. When a new and even a slnnlai case arises, the judg-
ment which is to make and at the same time apply the law
is open to question and consideration, as are ail new laws.
Perhaps Congress, in the mean time, in their care for the
safety of the citizen, as well as for their protection, may de-
clare by law what is necessary and proper to enable them
to carry into execution the power vested in them, and there-
by hangup a rule for the inspection of all, which may di-
rect the conduct of the citizen, and at the same time test
the judgments they shall themselves pronounce m their own
case."
He did not propose to go further with the dis-
cussion of the question whether the facts'of this
case were such as ought to be inquired into by
this House. He would not, if they went ten times
further. He asserted that no privilege was in-
vaded, and therefore any proceedings in the case
by this House were improper and unnecessary.
Mr. MORSE said : I am glad that the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Toombs,]
has renewed the debate upon this question of priv-
ilege and contempts, which had been passed over
informally, by laying the question of older on the
table. I Jiad endeavored to obtain the floor before
that vote was taken, for the purpose of offering a
few considerations to the House; and if the view
which I have taken of the subject be correct, it
would dispose of not only the case before the
House, but of all similar questions involving the
vexed question of privilege and contempts forever; j
in which, if I have the good fortune to succeed, I I
have no fears but that the love of justice will al- i
ways outweigh the pride of consistency. j
This question of privilege is one which has i
grown up dehors the Constitution; in which instru- j
mem, if rightly interpreted, no warrant for any '
such authority can be found.
In speaking of Senators and members of Con-
gress, the framers of the Constitution say :
"They shall, in all cases, except treason, felony, and
breach of th<  peace, he privileged from arre-t during their
attendance at the se-^ion of their respective Houses, and in
goiiiu to and ieturnin<r from the same; and for any s-peech
or debate in eith« r House, they shall not he questioned 111
any oun r place.'1
I maintain (continued Mr. M.) that this body
has no authority to interfere with any citizen be-
yond the limits of this Hall, and that this high
privilege has been only sanctioned by custom, and,
to my mind,44 a custom more honored in the breach
than the observance." As a member of Congress
represents some seventy thousand people, and is,
consequently, intrusted with their business and
important interests, he is exempted from arrest
during the session, and going and returning to and
fiom his home, and is not responsible for words
spoken in debate, &c.
But, sir, this is a personal exception to the laws,
made for the benefit of his constituents, and the
member must plead it before any court of justice
seeking to interfere with it. It must be specially
pleaded, like any other exception, as coverture,
&c. And the courts of justice must decide on it;
and they will no doubt decide for the benefit of the
constituency of a member whenever it is properly
made. Tins body has no right to bring any per-
son before it for a breach of privilege, and consti-
tute themselves (the injured party) the witness,
judge, as well as the executive, of their own man-
dates. I presume it will not be questioned that a
member may be sued on a civil process, and, un-
less he specially pleads thi- privilege, that judg-
ment may be renciered against him. I would ask
gentlemen if such a judgment would be null and
void? Unquestionably not. The whole of these
proceedings are wrong, and no authority is any-
where to be found; and, as I do n<5t believe with
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ijjger-
soll] in inherent rights, I hope we shall never hear
anything more of privileges and contempts. Mem-
bers of Congress are amenable to laws of the land
as are all other persons; and for very good and
sufficient reasons, the operation of those laws is
suspended in the Constitution during a certain pe- I
riod, for the benefit of their constituents. j
But, sir, the courts of justice are alone the proper j
tribunals to decide this question, when properly j
pleaded; and I hope this Congress will not en- j
deavor to expand its authority so as to involve us i
in useless and ridiculous contests with the citizens !
of this District, and perhaps with the people all
over the United States. In the case before the
House, a member has the same protection against !
a mob that any other citizen has, and no more;
and if we think proper to interfere, why, sir, we
shall need all thegcommittee-rooms to accommodate
the mob who have despised our privilege, by
threatening, as Dame Rumor says, one of our
body.
This Government is very properly divided into
three coordinate branches, entirely independent of
each other; and to the Judiciary belongs the power
of deciding upon the constitutionality of the laws;
and to them, I think, properly belongs the right to
decide upon the question of privilege, contcmpt,
&c. With these ideas of our high privileges, 1
suppose that the Senate would have brought np
the district court for contempt, had they released
Mr. Nugent.
I desire to see the different branches of this Gov-
ernment kept entirely within their own spheres;
and I, for one, am perfectly willing to leave the
question of my privilege—or rather the privilege of
my constituents-
legal tribunals.
-to be judged of by the proper
On motion of Mr. STANTON, the House ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and lcfened:
By Air. GRIANELL ; The petition of Thomas Nickerson,
William pMhips,and i©3 other citizen?ot NewBediOid and
vicinit), and 04 other citizens oi Piovincetovvn. .dassachu-
setts, asking for an appropriation ior the conduction o; a
breukvvattti at the noraieu&tem pouit of the island oI Nan-
tucket.
[The petitioners ^tate that there is not probably a place
on Uie whole settcoaai oi tue United States* where a lueak-
vvater uomd alford so much prnteotioa as at this point j
Also, oi Thomas Mandall and 33d other citizens of New
Bedioid, Massachusetts, asking Congress to establish a uni-
form rate oi postal ol iwu cunu>un All letters not weighing
more than a h.hi ounce, and on ah newspapers, of cue cent
ior all distances.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 20, 1848.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of
Ne a York, asking a change in the laws now penu-
i| mg in Congress, relating to passenger vesseis;
|j winch was laid on the tabie.
;! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented resolu-
I! tions of the Legislature of Mississippi, approving
r the measures adopted by the Administration in the
prosecution of tiie war with Mexico, and m lavor
oi Us speedy termination; which were oraeied to
be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Terri-
!' tones, reported the following bills, without amend-
menu To establish the Territorial Government of
; Minesota; and to estabi.sii the Territory of *.>e-
!' braska.
[' Mr. DOUGLAS then moved that the bill rela-
|, ting to the Territory of Oregon, with the other bills
relating to the Territories, be made the special order
j! for Wednesday next; which was agreed to.
J Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
;i fairs, asked to be discharged from the further con-
!! sideration of the petition of the Western Cherokee
II Indians.
(j
ij SUPREME COURT.
Mr. BADGER, on leave, introduced a bill to
'• promote the despatch of business in the Supreme
! Court, and to repeal the second section of the act
j of June, 1844, entitled " An act concerning the
j Supreme Court of the United States;" which was
I read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BADGER explained the bill, which provides
that the next term of the Supreme Court, and the
term appointed to be held on the first Monday of
December, 1849, shall continue for the despatch of
business until the first Monday of July after the
j commencement of said, terms, unless the business
1 shall be sooner disposed of. The judges are ex-
| empted from attendance on circuit courts during the
! said two terms of the Supreme Court. -It allows
! the court, if the public interest or its own conve-
! nience renders it proper, to adjourn over during
t each of the said two terms from the last Saturday
of March to any day not later than the first Mon-
day of May thereafter. No writ of error or ap-
| peai shall be taken from the Circuit Court for the
Districtof Columbia, except in cases in which shall
be drawn in question the construction of the Con-
stitution, or of a statute of the United States or
some part thereof, or operation of a treaty; and
upon any appeal so hereafter taken or obtained,
the court shall not have power to reexamine any
question other than those arising upon the con-
struction'of a statute or treaty, as aforesaid.
RIOTOUS ASSEMBLAGES.
Mr. HALE asked leave to introduce a bill re-
lating to riots and unlawful assemblies in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
[The bill provides that any propei ty destroyed by
any riotous or tumultuous assem blage shall be paid
for by any town or county in the District where
it occurs; and that in any suit instituted under this
act, the prosecutor may "declare generally and give
the special matter in evidence.]
Mr. HALE stated that circumstances of recent
occurrence had cieated a necessity for such a bill
as he now desired to introduce. It was very short,
and was in its general features a copy of a similar
law which was formerly in force in the State of
Maryland. The necessity for legislation on this
subject was apparent from facts which were noto-
rious to every member of the Senate. During the
week there had been great assemblages of disor-
deily individuals, who had congregated together in
violation of order and propriety. They had been
addressed openly, and in a manner adapted to pro-
duce mischievous excitement, by men of higher
character and a more elevated standing in society,
from whom better and wiser counsels might have
been looked for. The time had come when it be-
came necessary to determine whether mob law was
to assume the ascendency in this capital. The
bill makes the town or county, in which property-
is destroyed by assemblages of this character, liable
for the value of such property. Tins was all the
present bill embraced. Whether further measures
may be necessary must be left, for time to deter-
mine. We are piesenting at this moment a very
singular aspect. The notes of our congratulations
to Prance for her conduct in achieving liberty are
still echoing throughout the Union, yet we are en-
gaged in more strongly resisting the progress of
freedom at home.
A debate of a most exciting and personal char-
acter ensued, in which Mr. HALE, Mr. BAGBY,
Mr. CALHOUN, Mr. WESTCOTT, Mr. DA-
VIS of Mississippi, Mr. FOOTE, Mr. DOUG-
LAS Mr. HANNEGAN, Mr. MANGUM, Mr.
DAVIS of Massachusetts, Mr. BUTLER, Mr.
CAMERON, and Mr. CRITTENDEN, partici-
pated. A report of this discussion will be given
in our Appendix, obvious reasons rendering it im-
proper that on a subject of such delicacy any other
than a full and revised version of the speeches
should be presented to the public.
Mr. BAGBY indicated his intention to-move, if
the bill should come before the Senate, so to amend
it, as to provide for punishing kidnapping.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, gave notice that
when the Bill came up he would move to amend
it by inserting a section for the effectual protection,
by penal provisions, of the citizens of this District
and other cities of the United Suites in the unin-
terrupted possession and ownership of their prop-
erty in slaves in said places.
Before any question was taken on the motion
for leave,
On motion,
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
