THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR U RITES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 184a
New Series No. 49-
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, April 21, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the question of privilege pending when
the House adjourned yesterday; Mr. Stanton be-
ing entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL suggested, that
this subject should be informally passed over until
Monday, in order that the House might proceed
%vith the consideration of the private calendar.
Mr. STANTON declined yielding the floor for
the purpose, and proceeded with his remarks. He
said: To every gentleman in the House, whose
views were of a moderate and reasonable charac-
ter, he thought it must be a matter of regret that
the consideration of this question of the slavery in-
stitution had been brought up at the present time.
For himself, he spoke under a sense of the neces-
sity of opposing the resolution. He was sorry, in
the discussion of yesterday, to hear several gentle-
men from the South state their disposition to go
into the investigations proposed. He considered
these gentlemen to have widely mistaken the true
policy of their party; and to point out that mistake
-he had now taken the floor, and desired to detain
the House for a short time.
He objected to this resolution, because it pro-
posed something to be done which was beyond the
power of the House—at least the power assumed
by the resolution was of very doubtful character.
The proposition asserts that members of this House
-have been menaced—threatened with peisonal vio-
lence, as hesupposed. Mr. S. admitted that this
House has power to protect itself, to preserve or-
der in the body, and enforce such rules as are im-
plied in the power to legislate. But to propose any
redress for the grievance^ of individual members,
was clearly beyond the power of the House. If a
member has been threatened in such a manner as
to prevent him from the discharge of his public
duties here, the courts were open for his redress,
as well as for that of every other citizen; and if the
courts of the District have this power of redress,
the Constitution could not have intended to confer
the same power on this House, for it would be un-
necessary.
But Mr. S. was opposed to the resolution, be-
cause the inquiry it proposed could result in no
good whatever. No one believed for a moment
that'any gentleman of this House was really in any
danger from the menaces referred to. There was
not one who felt within himself any apprehension
at all from the least hostile attack on the part of
the citizens of this District. But suppose there
was seriousness in the threatenings alleged; what
could the House do? There had been committed
no outrage, no crime, no contempt which could be
punished. The time had altogether passed by,
not only for apprehension, but for any useful in-
vestigation—if there ever was a time for either.
But Mr. S. was opposed to the passage of this
resolution, for a more important reason. He op-
posed it, because the resolution did not express
the true object designed to be accomplished by the
movement; because it constituted a masked bat-
tery against one of our southern institutions, and
looked to the matter of the escape of slaves from
their masters—a subject with which Congress could
have nothing to do, unless they might pass laws
further to protect the rights of the citizens con-
cerned. He presumed that the honorable gentle-
man proposing the preamble and resolution would
not pretend that they were designed ft>r his pro-
• tection, but would admit, perhaps, that they were
intended to bear upon the question of slavery in
the District of Columbia.
In view of this fact, then, Mr. S. desired to sub-
mit to those gentlemen from the South who had
expressed their readiness to go into the investiga-
tion proposed, whether now, in justice to their
constituents, they really ought to consent to such
a thing? He submitted that it was not the true
policy of the South to go into this investigation on
such an issue as this. By the pending amendment,
42
it was proposed to inquire—he read the language
of the amendment—as follows:
" Whether any member or members of this House were
instrumental in procuring the slaves, who were recently
decoyed from their owners in this District, to leave their
owners; and whether the said members of thte House have
not been guilty of felony, in attempting, or aiding in an at-
tempt, to kidnap slaves."
If he believed tliat any attempt of this sort had
been made—if there had been even a suggestion
from any respectable quarter that there had been
such a participation in this affair—he would not be
unwilling to investigate it. But he did not under-
stand that theie existed even the suspicion, unless
it may have grown out of the amendment itself.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings]—against whom the terms of the amend-
ment seemed to have been directed by his honorable
colleague, [Mr. Haskell]—has explicitly denied
the imputation; and widely as he differed from
that gentleman, and abhorrent as were his princi-
ples, in the light in which he regarded them, still
lie had sufficient confidence in his integrity to be-
live his word; and until the charge should be con-
firmed by testimony coming from a responsible
quarter, he would be wholly unwilling to affix
such a stigma upon a member of this House. If
such a charge as that contemplated in the amend-
ment were pretended to be inferred from the
speeches and motions of all sorts which the gen-
tleman from Ohio has been in the habit of making
here, Mr. S. would deny the correctness of the
inference, as well as the correctness of the princi-
ple, that we may inferentially charge a gentleman
with participation in a crime of which he knows
nothing, and towards the accomplishment of which
purpose his wishes were never directed.
But the most important reason why he was dis-
posed to oppose this preamble and resolution, in
every shape, in every form, in every aspect in
which they may be presented, was because they
indicate the approach of a struggle which is likely
to take place in this Hall, and which is calculatcd
to shake the Union itself to its very centre. It
was not upon this issue that he would be disposed
to go into that struggle. He would be unwilling
even to enter into the slightest skirmish upon this
issue. It was an issue upon the result of which
the South had everything to lose, and nothing to
gain; because the resolution proceeds upon an as-
sumption which has no foundation, and upon a set
of facts gone by. The amendment also proceeds
upon an assumption which would, perhaps, not be
sustained; so that all would be compelled to see
and feel that these investigations could never pro-
duce any useful result. Whenever we enter into
that struggle for the South, (Mr. S. said,) we
should take care to fix ourselves on firmer and
higher ground; we should take our stand on higher
and nobler principles; for we have them. vVe
have an issue upon which we can stand forever
fortified by principles immutable as truth. We
should stand, therefore, on such ground, and never
suffer ourselves to be brought into the contest at a
disadvantage.
If it should ever be shown that these honorable gen-,
tlemen have been attacked by a " lawless mob," it
is a mob of those who sustain the rights of slave-
holders; and mobs are notsustained by laws which
we respect; and we should not allow ourselves to
stand here for our justification under the cover of
a mob. Nor, on the other hand, is there anything
to be gained by pushing this inquiry. For sup-
pose we were to succeed in expelling these gentle-
men from the floor of this House—an event which
no man thinks even probable or possible; but sup-
pose we should expel them fortius matter—we do
but weaken ourselves, and strengthen those Who
oppose us. We weaken the power of those who
sustain the institution of slavery, and whose right
and duty it is to sustain it. We should not by any
means allow ourselves to engage in the contest upon
an .issue leading to such results.
Mr. S. said he conceived that the gentleman from
Ohio committed a great blunder, for an abolition
leader, when he told the House that he considered
it violation of law to be no moral wrong.
Mr. GIDDINGS (interposing, and Mr. S. giving
way) said it was well known that in his reply to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Haskell,] on
yesterday, he barely entered upon his answer; and
he read from a morning report of the interlocutory
matter which passed between them—adding what
he was about to say when the gentleman having
the floor stopped him, as he had a right to do. He
was about to answer the question as to the moral-
ity of the act of these men in prison for kidnap-
ping. The morality of their act .depended upon
facts, of which the House was ignorant. If report
be true, they accomplished their purpose in con-
cert, and by a clandestine action, which involves
falsehood. Mr. G. could say for himself, that it
would have been wrong for him to do such a thing.
He pronounced judgment on no other man's con-
duct; but in him it would have been wrong. He
left the matter wholly with themselves, however,
for he knew nothing of the facts.
Mr. STANTON continued. I have no dispo-
sition to misrepresent the gentleman; but every
one around me understood him as I did: [a voice:
"Certainly;") and I recollect also the very just
reply to the sentiment by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] in which there was as
much truth as severity; for if the gentleman can
go into my district and entice away our slaves in
violation of law without being guilty of a moral
wrong, then every bond by which society is bound
together, and by which human rights are main-
tained, is gone—sundered forever. Upon this mat-
ter he could hardly refrain from saying,"that those
who hold the doctrine, and act upon it, " that there
is no moral wrong in the violation of positive law,
to aid the escape of slaves from their owners^'
could not cojnplain if slaveholders, whose rights
are involved, should hang the'offenders upon the
first tree.
He had said this was not the time nor the occa-
sion for those who favor slavery to enter upon the
contest which may, and perhaps'iwill, take place
with those opposed to that institution. He had
said we had better ground to stand on—ground
standing on which we can never fail, unless truth
should fail, for we may stand upon the Constitu-
tion. We may point to' that sacred instrument,
and demand, in the name of our fathers, whose
blood has purchased our rights, that all its sacred
guarantees shall be respected. When the question
comes up on the territorial issue, Mr. S. woukl
take his stand upon this ground, and point to the
blood of the South which has been poured out on
the soil of Mexico, and demand that the South
should also inherit its just share of the advantage
it has procured. He would point to the bones of
our biethren from the North and from the South,
who, side by side, have fallen, pleading together
the same great cause, and ask you, now that the
work is accomplished, whether you can expect tha
rights of the South to be surrendered. He would
refer to the Constitution; and oil that issue he
would show clearly that this Government has no
right to interfere with slavery in the Territories;
and that, in the admission of new States, the Con-
gress can exercise in this respect only a species
of tutelary, supervisory power, such as may be
necessary to see that they shall come in with repub-
lican institutions; that, inasmuch as this Govern-
ment cannot prevent the older States from regula-
ting and perpetuating slavery, so, neither can it
suppress that institution in the new'States, without
violating the first principles of the compact. He
would point also to the Missouri compromise, and
say to the North,,that, when that contest came on,
although they had no right to place that restnction
upon slavery, yet, for the sake of harmony, tor
the sake of compromise and union, for the sake or
our institutions, and the preservation of our glori-
ous example of liberty, the South consented to a
'compromise which, as far as it goes, has "horn us
of our rights. He would tell them, nevertheless,
that we are still ready to maintain that solemn
compromise-ready to'extend that line even to the
Pacific Ocean—ready to do this, and all that may
be justly demanded of us, in that spirit of concilia-
tion which we have ever evinced for the preserva-
tion of our rights and our institutions. He would
