658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
point to the thousand millions of dollars invested
in slave property—would regard this vast interest
in all its magnitude, and ask gentlemen if they are
mad enough to suppose that slavery, as at present
interlaced with all our institutions—political, social,
and economical—can possibly be violently rooted
up, without destroying everything with which it is
connected ? He would show them that the effort,
if it were attempted, would be as fruitless as the
puny effort of a man to stop up the flow of the
mighty waters of the Mississippi. No, sir; the
North may goad us at our sides; they may attack
us upon the outskirts of our tower; they may strike
at our rights and exasperate us; but they can never
destroy our institutions.
The slavery institution, right or wrong, is ours—
whether it be protected, or whether it be destroyed.
It is not in the power- of the North to attack it
with success. It would take care of itself. Its con-
tinuance could not be prevented so long as it was
found to be profitable. The people of the North
only rid themselves of it when it became unprofit-
able; and the South may follow the example when
that time shall come to them; but not before.
"When he spoke of profit, he had reference to the
moral as well as the political sense of the term—
profit to the slave, as well as to the master. When-
ever slavery becomcs unprofitable, it will cease.
When its moral disadvantages become so great
that the results of manumission will have no ter-
rors for us, then we shall get rid of slavery. But
such a result will never be accomplished by hem-
ming us round, and confining us within a narrower
sphere.
Mr. S. would not say that the negro would have
been better off had he remained in the jungles of
Africa, and pursued his primitive course of canni-
, balism; because he was assured that the change
had wrought for him a great benefit. He had beeli
thereby placed in a school of civilization-—a hard
school, he admitted—hard in its requirements, and
oppressive in the obligations it imposed; but it lias
been the same school to him with that which,
under the direction of the. Supreme Being, human-
ity, as it emerges from barbarism, has been obliged
to undergo in all age?. Whenever the intelligence
of the slave shall come up to that measure which
will qualify him for self-government, then the
power of the master, like that of the late masteis
of Europe, will no longer be able to hold him in sub-
jection. But that day has not yet come; and until
it does come, the labors of these opposers of slavery
can do nothing but mischief.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, next obtained
the floor. He promised to address himself as di-
rectly to thequestion before the House as he could. ,
That question was on the adoption uf a resolution i
for a committee of inquiry, offered by the gentle- '
man from Massachusetts near him, (Mr. Palfrey.]
That motion was predicated on the alleged fact
that riotous assemblages of the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia had taken place during two suc-
cessive nights, and that menaces had been uttered
against a member of the House. On this state-
ment the House was asked to raise a select com-
4 mittee of five for the purpose of inquiring into the
state of the facts. ;
- On this resolution he proposed to submit one or :
two remarks. If it was true that there had been ■
any riotous assemblages of people in this District !
he presumed the laws of the District were amply 1
sufficient to repress them. If any further legisla- -
tiou had been necessary in order to maintain the
public peace, no doubt the citizens would have i
petitioned Congress, through their Mayor and |
Council Boards, that the necessary law should be i:
passed, bat he had heard of no such petition :
Had the House been advised that new legislation '
was requisite or was desired > Were not ?he laws
already in force quite adequate to the protection of
the peaceable people of the Distiictr" And did not
the gentleman who had offered this resolution
know that the court of the District was at this time '
in session, and that all the common-law remedies i
could at once be applied to the putting down of a ;
mob? Had further remedies been needed, nodoubt |i
they would have been asked for. * :
Then he came to the question of privilege alleged
to be involved in this case. What were the priv- i
ileges of members of Congress? What had been i.
the extent of the threat said to have been uttered?
■these seemed to be questions which it was Je°iti- 1
mute to discuss. & i
The privileges of the British House of Commons
were in derogation of the common right; and were
they to be extended by construction—to be ampli-
fied by resolution? A member of Congress was
declared by the Constitution to be privileged from
arrest in coming to attend his duties in Congress
and in returning to his home, except for treason,
felony, or breach of the peace. And why? For
his own sake? Not at all; but for the'sake of
seventy thousand citizens of one of the States
whose representative he was, and who woufd lose
theirrepresentation in the National Councils should
their representative be forcibly detained from his
seat. It was that they might not be disfranchised
that he was thus shielded from the arm of the law
that reached other men, and not for his own spe-
cial benefit or personal dignity.
Then we had an additional rule of construction
to apply. The Constitution declared that Con-
gress had power " to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution
the granted powers, and all other powers vested by
the Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any department or officer thereof."
Had Congress legislated on this subject of privilege ?
How did the fact stand? What had been done?
In cases not of mere threat, but of actual violence,
what had the House done? He believed, that in
the 27th Congress, a gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanley,] now Attorney General of
that Statej and another gentleman, since employ-
ed on an important foreign mission, came into ac- (
tual collision on the floor and in presence of the '
House. ^ The case was referred to a committee to j
inquire into and report the facts; and what had !
been done? Nothing. A like unfortunate occur- !
had been shot at by a lunatic by the name of Law-
rence, induced possibly to the act by a desire to
imitate the man who shot at George III. in the
theatre, and the same plea of insanity produced
the discharge of both. Nothing was done to the
man. In the same place, John Adams, jr., private
secretary to his father, the President of the United
States, whilst on his way from the House to the Sen-
ate, with a message from thePresidentof theUnited
States, had been assaulted by one Russell Jarvis,
on the pretext that Adams had insulted ladies who
were under Jarvis's carc; and a committee, after
inquiry, recommended that Jarvis be reprimanded.
There was a double report; Mr. McDuffie, of South
Carolina, being at the head of the committee, and
having made the report of the majority. A dis-
tinguished judge, [P. P. Barbour, deceased,] in the
minority report, took the ground so ably maintained
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] yes-
terday, and showed what was the extent of the
privilege of a member of Congress.
A member, by the Constitution, could not be
questioned elsewhere for words spoken in debate
on the floor. Mr. T. would not discuss the ques-
tion whether this referred only to indictments or
suits for libel or slander; the only intention of the
clause was to secure freedom of speech in debate.
Mr. T. said he knew that there were precedents
to the contrary; but, if a member might not be
called on in any way for abusive language uttered
here [Here Mr. T. was understood to refer to
cases of violence, as the duel between Randolph
and Clay, and the personal rencounter between
Bell and Turney, (both of Tennessee,) on the floor
of the House. These and similar cases had never
resulted, when brought up, in any good. All these
rence had taken place during the present session, j; persons had escaped the reprimand of the Senate
Had any punishment been inflicted on either party ? j and House; and those of them yet surviving fill
Not any. Now, if cases of this character'could
be thus passed over, would the House, upon ru-
mor, and under color of privilege, go into an in-
quiry as to words spoken of a member in the public
streets? He presumed not.
This question of privilege had been brought up
at various times. Tn 3832, an assault had been
made by Genera! Houston on a Mr. Stansbery, of
Ohio. And how had that resulted ? A committee
had been appointed in that case, and a long exam-
ination was had. And had it produced any good,
either to the country or to the members of that
House? There had been a more recent instance,
m the case of a duel between Mr. Graves, of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. Ciiley, of Maine. A committee
was appointed, and a majority of the committee,
m their report, stated that there had been a breach
of the privileges of the House; but it resulted
neither in expulsion nor reprimand. If the p-en-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Palfrf.y] would
look at the^ history of that case, he would see the
part that his late venerable colleague, whose remo-
val from that House had so excited the universal
high places in the affections of the people of this
country. J
The Constitution having clearly demarked the
extent of a member's privilege, Mr. T. asked
whether Congress had ever passed any law say-
ing either what should constitute the crime of a
breach of privilege or what should be its punish-
ment? He believed not. Congress had enacted
no law upon the subject. Neither had this been
done in England. The House of Commons once
banished a man far breach of its privileges. Had
■ any law prescribed how the trial should be con-
ducted ? Whether the accused should be'allowed
, counsel and the right of cross-examination? Not
| at all; nor said what should be the extent of pun-
; ishment. The resolution now offered proposed
that the committee to be raised should have power
to send for persons and papers. The' committee
i might send under this power for witnesses from
; the Aroostook, or Charleston, or New Orleans, or
I Oregon. And what would the House biing the
> man for? And, if convicted, what was to be his
; punishment? It was alleged that somebody had
, grief, had taken. Had that able and experienced ' threatened a member of Congress. "Well, suppose
! m !> 1-1 onv-, tnd rl qi-1 lU n    I. t n • . i 1 . 1 * i t . * . ® « . . j 
man contended that the duel was a breach of privi-
lege? Not at all. And, after a great deal of dis-
cussion, the case went off, and no penalty was
inflicted. A Vice President of the United .States,
in the early history of this Republic, had enlaced
in mortal combat with, and had actually kilTed", a
highly distinguished citizen; yet, after that fact
he had continued to preside in the other House,'
and nothing had been said or done in the way of
penalty. A dozen cases^of a kindred kind mi°-ht
be cited, and no expulsion had followed. Yet it
was proposed now, because that some one in this
District—whether m sight or hearing of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Gjddincs] or not; whether
a man, or a boy, or a female, no one knew—had
spoken in threatening language of that member,
it was swelled up into a "mighty affair, and the
House was called upon to inquire whether its priv-
ileges had not'been invaded. Nobody had been
struck; nobody was in danger; nothing at all had
been done—(it was this moment suggested'to him
that not improbably Mrs. Royall might have utter-
ed some threat against the honorable member; a
laugh)—yet a committee was to be raised with
they had, was this a breach of privilege? Were
1 gentlemen going to destroy the freedom of speech?
i The House was to be the accuser; the House was
; to be the judge; the House was to carry on the
trial in its own way, and without any known law.
; They decided by resolution when no law had been
,■ passed—by ex pnit facto resolution—that he should
be so punished for contempt. Now, wasitnotthe
, extreme of tyranny? How stood the case? Why,
!; in this city of Washington—containing a popufa-
i tion, allow him to say, than whom he never saw
any more orderly, well-behaved, and industrious 
| if any outbreak had ever happened, connected with
it hail been officers of the army and navy, mem-
bers of Congress, or those who came here from
other parts of the country. It was ail industrious
ordeily, religious population. Did we hear of any
: outbreak among them? of their perpetrating any
i row? Did they insult any man' So far"from
• that, they rather allowed themselves to be imposed
upon by the officials of Government. Such being
i the circumstances, suppose a man, exercising his
; right of freedom of speech, had said something
t p . —. ... •• ik^ii ,j about the gentleman fiom Ohio, or the Gentleman
rate the House miET? t PaPers! this j, from Massachusetts; suppose he had had the au-
late, tne Mouse might send out and arrest a I the 1 rWit,, tr> t«nf he i,n,i ,„,,i„,i  u„,i
editors in the country. If they could go into what
was said a mile from the Capitol against one mem-
ber, why might they not go all over the Union and
inquire what had been printed against whole par-
ties of members.' An instance of this kind had
occurred m the rotundo, when President Jackson
clacity to talk, he had injured or assaulted nobody;
and would they arraign him] here, and solemnly
, set up that he had violated the privileges of a merri-
j ber of Congress?
| In reference to this question of privilege, he de-
sired to read to the House the views taken by
! Judge Barbour, in a report made by him to this
