660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
.u Parliament, by a Mr. David Hartley, j! France to join in the abolition of the slave trade,
fnlnnnire into the propriety of abolishing the siave ; The French minister replied:
• j J .nil h>* resolution was not even considered; J " 'England, with her colonics well stocked with negroes,
trade, and ft.s lesoiu Britain aimed at < • and affixing a targe produce, might abolish theslave trade
/or at that time nobody m ^ „  ^ ^ 'without inconvPiiience ; but that France, wish colonies iH
the abolition of slavery, and very few of that of
the slave trade. The British Parliament would ■
not even consider it. At a period much later than ;
that—in the year 1824—Mr. Canning, as a minis- >
ter of the Crown, said in the British Parliament i
that if he were asked which he would prefer, per- |
manent slavery or immediate abolition, lie would 1
'stocked and deficient in produce, eonid not abolish itwith-
'outeonceding to England ttfe greatest advantages, and sus-
{taiuinga proportionable loss.'
" Upon the restoration of Louis XVIII. to the
French throne, (who acknowledged that he owed
it to Great Britain,) his gratitude was appealed to |
to abolish the slave trade; and that being ineflect-
answer that he would prefer things remaining as u ual, offers of sums of money and the cession of a
they were. And be gave as a reason for prefer- I: West India isfand were made, but without success;
ring permanent slavery to immediate emancipa-j! the same answer being given substantially which
tion, "his duty to guard the interests of those It had been given before. In August, 1815, England
who, by no fault of their own, by inheritance, by (1 restored to the Dutch Government their colonies,
accident, by encouragement of repeated acts of th$ excepting the Cape of Good Hope and Dutch Gui-
Legislature, find their property invested in a con- i ana, in consideration of the entire abolition of the
ccrn exposed to innumerable hazards and difficul-
ties which do not belong to property of another
character, such as, if they had their option, as
their ancestors had, they doubtless would have
preferred."
At that time the doctrine of Mr. Canning was
slave trade by the latter.
During the negotiation of the treaty concluded
at Madrid on the 5th of July, 1814, Great Britain
attempted to prevail on Spain to prohibit to her
subjects both the general siave trade and their im-
portation into the Spanish colonies, and went so
the doctritfe of the English nation. But how sta/id : far as to offer to continue the pecuniary subsidies
matters now? A change in the physical condition
and with it the policy of England took place, and
they abolished in the first instance the slave trade,
and secondly slavery itself; but, as he should show
by historical facts, they abolished it with no views
of philanthropy, but to promote their own selfish
interests.
He begged permission to read an extract on this
subject from a speech of his own, delivered some
years ago,as the facts were there succinctly stated:
" And why does England desire the abolition of
slavery in the United States? Sir, it is to cripple
our prosperity, and the blow is aimed as much at
the North as the South, as much at that portion of
the country which is her most formidable rival in
commerce and manufactures as at us, who are pro-
fitable consumers of her productions, and her rivals :■
in but little. . i
" (f there are any here who may be deluded by !;
the idea that England is actuated by philanthropic ii
motives, if he will attend for a few moments, 1 will \[
show him, that so far from that, her purposes are
the most selfish and heartless. A short lecital of f
authentic historical facts will establish this position, f
" We ail know that for more than two centimes f
the African slave trade was carried on by the Brit- J
ish nation under the patronage of the Government, I
and was protected by charters of monopoly and I
public treaties. Under the Stuart kings, charters !
were granted, endowed with exclusive privileges '■
for carrying on the African slave trade, and they j!
were sustained by ah the power and patronage of 1'
the British Government. j!
"At the celebrated treaty of Utrecht, in 1713, by j
which the Spanish succession war was terminated, j|
the British nation obtained, by what was called the
which the deplorable condition of the Spanish
finances made so necessary. But she failed, the
Duke of San Carlos remarking, 'that, when the
'slave tiade was abolished by Great Britain, the
' proportion of negroes to the whites in the British
' colonies was as twenty to one, while in the Span-
' ish colonies there were not more blacks than
' whites.> And he refused to take astep which 1 he
i considered would be fatal to the very existence
4 of the colonies.'
" In January, 1815, Great Britain obtained from
Portugal,for pecuniary equivalents, the prohibition
to its subjects of the slave trade on the western
coast of Africa north of the equator. Further than
this Portugal would not go.
44 The island of Guadakmpe, conquered from
France, was ceded by Great Britain to the Swedish
Crown, upon condition of abolishing the slave
trade; and at the treaty of Madrid of the 22d of
September, 1817, she purchased from Spam the
immediate abolition of the slave trade north of the
equator, and a promise to abolish it altogether,
after 1850, for the sum of =£400,000." * * * *
" But, while these events were transpiring, a
great change was taking place in the British em- j
pire. There was found in the counting-house of ,
the East India Company an obscure boy (after- ,
waids Lord Clive) who turned out one of Britan- j
nia's god53 of war. By the power of his genius a '
small English trading post in India was expanded
until it comprehended an empire of one hundred
millions of souls.
" In the mean time great changes were going on
in England. From being an agricultural people,
and' the exporter of agricultural produce, by the
inventions of the power loom and spinning jenny,
Assltnio contract, the exclusive privilege of carry- |j the improvements in science, and the introduction
ing on the slave tiade for thirty years, at the rate
of 4,800 slaves yearly; and Lord Brougham said, j
in the House of Commons in 1815, the English i
nation had obtained 'the whole price of the vtcto- j
rics of Ramtlies and Blenheim in an additional ,
share of the slave trade;' and Mr. C. Grant, m j
1818, informed us * that she higgled at Aix-la-Cha- j
pelle for four years longer of this exclusive trade, j1
and at the treaty at Madrid clung to the last re- f
mains of the Assiento contract.' i:
"In consequence of the activity of the marine of f
England, and her possessing the exclusive trade, !i
she soon stocked her own colonies. Desiring: the 11
of the steam engine, she was converted into a great
manufacturing nation. To sustain her manufac-
tures, a secure market was necessary for the pro-
ductions of them. The same causes which iiad
stimulated manufactures in England had also done
the same thing in the United States and upon the
continent of Europe. Besides, those markets, even
if they were open, were not within the exclusive
control of Great Britain. This was indispensable,
and the desideratum was found in India, if her
people could but be raised up to the condition of
consumers. To do this, it was only necessary to
0 . . ,, destroy all her rivals in the production of the
monopoly of the tropical productions, as the means jj growth of the tropics. These rivals were the Uni-
of securing it, and to pi event the supply of labor i
for the southern colonies of other nations, she com- :
menced agitation in favor of the abolition of the '
•African slave trade. But it was only the Jlfrican j
slave trade. It was necessary that the subject of \
it should have a black skin and a woolly head to 1
enlist English sympathies. It is notorious that !
slave fairs are regularly held in the regencies of!
Tripoli and Morocco, and they are transported
thence up the Levant, where they are again ex-
posed to sale like cattle in the market. But these
people did not come into competition with Eng-
lish colonies in the production of the great articles
of commerce, and hence they do not enjoy her dis-
interested philanthropy, which has its beginning
and end in the profits of trade.
" In the abortive attempt at negotiation for peace
by Mr. Fox in 1806, an effort was made to induce
ted States, the "West Indies, and Brazil. The sta-
ples of each of these countries were cotton, rice,
tobacco, sugar, and coffee. These were the staples
i of British India. England had seen the island of
I San Domingo converted, by the single act of negro
| emancipation, from the most flourishing of all Uie
| West India Islands into the most unproductive,
j and the culture of the indigo plant, which was its
, staple, transplanted to the banks of the Ganges
I and Burampooter. And it was once inferred that,
! if African slavery could be abolished, British India
j would possess a monopoly in the production of the
! plants of the tropics, and her prosperity be estab-
I lished upon a secure basis. England considered
i the sacrifice of her West India colonies but a small
j price for so great a good. The <£20,000,000 which
| was appropriated for the indemnity of the planters
i amounted to nothing, as scarcely a dollar of it left
London, it being received by British mortgages of
West India plantations. And an agitation was at
once commenced, in the hypocritical name of phi-
lanthropy, in favor of the abolition of slavery.
And as soon as it was accomplished in the West
Indies, the theatre of operations was transferred to
this country in the manner I shall very briefly no-
tice. The fact that philanthropy had nothing to
do in the matter, is shown, if other proof were
wanting, by the emancipation act of the British
Parliament itself. By the 44th section of that act,
it is declared that 'it shall not extend to any of the
territory in the possession of the East India Com-""
pany, or the islands of Ceylon or St. Helena/ And
yet this is precisely the country where slavery ex-
ists in its most horrid form, and where the Brit-
ish Government is itself the greatest slaveholder irs
the world,, and hires out its slaves for profit."
" His authority for this was an extract from the
Asiatic Journal for 1838, published m London,
page 221, as follows:
«1 Government op Slavpsin Malabar —We know that
4 there is not a aetvant ot Government in the south of India
{who is not intimately acquainted with the alarming fact that
4 hundreds of thous-aiijls of his fellow-creatures are fettered
(down for life to the degraded destiny of slavery. We know
'that these unfortunate beings are not, as in other countries,
{serfs of the soil, and incapable of being transferred, ai the
* pleasure of their owners, f-om one estate to another- No j
«they are daily sold like cattle by one proprietor to another;
< the husband is separated from the wife, the parent from the
'child; they are loaded with every indignity; the utmost
•' quantity of labor is exacted from them, and the most mea-
cger fare that human nature can possibly subsist on is doled
'out to support them. The slave population is composed of
' a great vaiietyof clashes: the descendants of tho.->e who
<have been taken prisoners in tune of war; persons who
' have been kidnappecf from the neighboring States; people
1 who have beervborn under such circumstances as that tiiev
< are considered without the pale of the ordinary castes; and
£ others who have been smuggled from the coa?tof Africa,
'torn from their country and their kindred, and destined to
< a more wretched lot, and, as will be seen, to a more enrlu-
< rmcc captivity than their brethren of the Western World.
' WfM it be believed that Government itself participates in
e this description of property; that it actually hold* posses-
's>mii of slaves, and lets them out for hire to the cultivators
4 of the country, the rent of a whole family being two farains
(or half a rupee per annum?'
"But why dwell on these comparatively free
slaves? The whole of Hmdostan, with the ad-
jacent possessions, is one magnificent plantation,
peopled by more than one hundred millions of
slaves, belonging to a company of gentlemen in
England, called the East India Company, whose
power is far more unlimited and despotic than that
of any southern planter over his slaves—a power
upheld by the sword and bayonet, exacting more
and leaving less of the product of their labor to the
subject race than1 is left under our own system,
with much less tegard to their comfort in sickness
and age.
" As startling as these disclosures are, the whole
story is not yet told. England has not^only en-
gaged in a hypocritical crusade against slavery at
the time she is herself the greatest slaveholder in
the world, but she has absolutely made the act of
her Parliament for the abolition of the slave trade
the means of converting her national navy into
slavers. Whenever one of her cruisers captures a
slaver, she is carried in and condemned, and the
Africans found in her are taken to the West Indies
and sold into apprenticeship (as this new species
of slavery is called) to raise the prize money.
"Now, (said Mr. B..) I assert, with a knowl-
edge of the subject upon which I am speaking,
• that this species of slavery and slave trade, intro-
duced by the British Government, is the more
profitable to the master and slaver, and more gall-
ing to the slave, than any which can possibly be
; imagined. Let us look at the operation of it. It
| has been seen from the publication made by D.
! Hall, that the English, in carrying on their slave
t trade, do not purchase the negroes as other slavers
1 do, but they capture them. Under the English act
| abolishing the siave trade, -£7 isgiven to the captors
! for every slave taken. They are taken in and con-
demned, and then carried to the West Indies and
sold as apprentices for a term of seven years.
These poor creatures are taken to a country whose
laws they do not understand, and whose language
they do not speak, and for a longtime will be inca-
pable of learning. Who is to see, during their ap-
prenticeship, that they are treated well and care
takenofthem in sickness? The masterhasnointer-
estm them but forseven years, and his object will be
to get as much out of them as possible in the mean
time, and to incur as little expense as possible in
taking care of them. And, when the apprentice-
