1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
ship expires, who is to identify them and see that
they are discharged? I may be told that a.regis-
try is provided for—but what registry can protect
them? Let me illustrate. There is a plantation
with one hundred of these wild Africans upon it.
Who can distinguish one from another? They
will be so much alike it will be impossible. A
stranger had just as well undertake, after a lapse
of seven years, to distinguish the different sheep in
a large flock.
■"Sir, this is not speculation. The impossibility
of the thing has been tested in our own courts.
The following afe the facts in the case of the An-
telope: A privateer, called the Columbia, off the
coast of Africa, captured an American vessel, from
Bristol,in Rhode Island,from which she tooktwen-
ty-five Africans; she captured several Portuguese
vessels, from which she also took Africans; and
she captured a Spanish vessel,"called the Antelope,
in which she also took a considerable number of
Africans. All of the Africans captured were ship-
ped on board the Antelope. Thus freighted, she
was found hovering near the coast of the United
States, was captured by the revenue cutter Dallas,
and taken into Savannah for adjudication. The
Africans, at the time of her capture, amounted to
upwards of two hundred and eighty. Claims were
set up to the Africans by the Spanish and Portu-
guese vice-consuls, respectively, and by the United
States. The claim of the United States, under the
law for the abolition of the slave trade, was sus-
tained as to the portion taken from the American
vessel. The residue were divided between the
Spanish and Portuguese claimants. About one-
third of the negioes had died. It was impossible
to distinguish the several classes of Africans; and
the court decided tiiat the loss should be averaged
among the three different classes, and that sixteen
should be designated, by lot, from the whole num-
ber, and delivered over to the marshal of the United
States, as a fair proportion of the twenty-five proved
to have been taken from the American vessel.
" Now, sir, what will be the operation in prac-
tice? Whenever one of these apprentices shall
become disabled or die, they will be sure to make
it out that he was one whose apprenticeship was
expiring, whereas the apprenticeship of such as
shall continue valuable will never expire. The
consequence will be, the master will always hold
the profitable and get rid of such as may be other-
wise. And I repeat, it will be the most profitable
slavery which has ever been introduced; and this
is British philanthropy!
" The motive of England in agitating the subject
of slavery is thus shown. Her object is to dissolve
the Union; to cripple our prosperity, and destroy
her most formidable rival in manufactures and
commerce. And the blow is aimed as much at the
JNTorth as the South. The assault, it is true, is made
more directly upon the South, but it will reach the
North through us."
These, then, were the motives of England. They |
were strictly selfish. She wished to strike down
her rivals in agriculture and commerce, and hence
she wished to make the South a waste, because it
was her rival in the production of tropical produc-
tions, and served to build up a commercial marine
and to promote maritime pursuits. She had enlisted
en her behalf the abolitionists of this country; and
this was the point to which, having shown the ob-
ject of England in desiring the abolition of slavery,
he would now call the attention of the House. lie
designed to show that the abolitionists and some
of the State Legislatures were acting in obedience
to the suggestions, and as the instruments of Eng-
land, in aiming a blow at this whole Confederacy.
It was aimed at the North precisely as much as at
the South; and he pledged himself, unless he had
greatly mistaken the force of evidence, to bring it
home to them conclusively.
After the abolition of slavery by England, then
commenced this agitation here on the same subject.
Prior to 1832—prior to the abolition of slavery in
the West Indies—there was no agitation here. It
was true that some peaceable, quiet Quakers would
sometimes send their petitions to Congress, but
they were quietly laid on the table by the concur-
rence of both North and South, and there was no
excitement whatever. But at that time there was
raised in the British Parliament a committee on the
subject of slavery, and the following question was
propounded by that committee to Mr. Ogden, the
American consul at Liverpool:
" If you could suppose that the slaves of Louisiana were
generally able to read, an<! that angry discussion perpetu-
allytook place m Congress on the subject of their libei ation,
which discussions, by means of reading, were'made known
to the slaves of LouMdua, do you think that with safety the
state of slavery could endure there ?" t
The result of the answer of Mr. Ogden to this
question of the British Parliament was soon seen.
Immediately after that time, the agitation of the
question of slavery commenced here by emissaries
of a foreign Government; and in 1&40 the World's
Convention was held in London, consisting of 493
delegates from every part of the world. TheUnited
States^ was represented; and in that convention the
attention of the British nation was particularly di-
rected to the abolition of slavery here. He should
show with what views and purposes they desired to
abolish it here. In reply to a question how English-
men could affect slavery in the southern States of
this Union, they were told that the Abolitionists of
the United States demanded the aid of public opin-
ion, of the religious and literary influence of Eng-
land. Howthis literary influence was to be brought
to bear he need not inform this House. Under the
operation of our copy-right laws, the trash of the
English press is circulated throughout the country,
to the exclusion of everything else. And he was
not left by the convention to conjecture how the
religious influence of England was to operate. He
quoted from a minute account of the proceedings
of the convention the following:
<c The Rev. John Angel I James brought up fiom one of the
committees a aerie* of resolutions on church discipline as
connected with slavery. These resolutions, which were
unanimously adopted, after an animated debate, are "round-
ed on the recognition of the i essential sinfulness of slavery.'
They declare that it is the incumbent duty of Christian com-
munities to separate slaveholders from their communion ;
and that Christians oiiiiht to have no fellowship with slave-
holders. This how, they ^ny, is not drawn at a venture,but
With sure aim at the very heart of the monstei. Duve out
American slaveiy fiom the presence of the sanctuary, and
it«* doom is sealed."
' That was one of the means by which the World's
Conventionsaid thatslavery could beoperated upon
here by appealing to the church; and that appeal
had, as the House knew, to a great extent been
answered. But there was a third and still more
efficient means suggested. It was, that persons in
Congress from the non-slaveholding States should
keep up a constant agitation, the effect of which
would lead to emancipation, either quietly or by
force. It was but a short time after the period of
the question to Mr. Ogden before we found persons
on this floor ready to carry out this unhallowed
purpose.
Adopting the suggestions which grew out of the
inquiry propounded to Mr. Ogden, the abolitionists
of the North, at their annual meeting mNew York,
in 1838, composed of all their leading men, in dis-
cussing the mode of bringing about this abolition,
say that the discussion of the subject of abolition
at the North and in Congress will have that tend -
ency. The benefit, as they were pleased to call
it, of the agitation of the subject of slavery on this
floor is thus explained:
"The interest which they themselves will take in the dis-
cussion. In s>pite of all precautions, the slaves will become
acquainted with what so deeply interests them; and, so far
as they do, self-respect will bo regenerated—-au excellent and
profitable sentiment for a free laborer, but ruinous to the
slave. It was the testimony of the planters of Jamaica,
before the British Parliament, that their slaves became
acquainted with all that passed in lespeet to Them in the
mother country, and were thereby too much excited to fill
the places of slaves with slavish obedience.
" The.knowledge of the slave that a portion of the whites
are exciting themselves for his emancipation, upon the
ground that "he is illegally held in bondage, will make him,
they say, impatient in his servitude. It will make Inm
sullen and moody. It will incite him to indulge dreams of
freedom in another hind which he can never enjoy in his
own. He will he reduced to a condition in which his master
cannot rely upon his labor. lie will be deposed to run
away, and at a tune when his sei vices can be lea-t spared.
The'master will be subjected to constant and heavy expenses
to recapture him. He will thus become to his owner a
j source of vexation rather than comfort, of trouble and ex-
pense rather than profit."
[ To establish these facts there is copied into the
! report the following extract of a letter from a man
at the South, to whose sister a gentleman of New
York had sent two abolition pamphlets :
"Bo you remember the two books you sent to my sister by
me ? My two black boys, William and Jim, who'hved better
and easier than I did, read them, and, in consequence, lan
oft', and after eleven days' riding and $.-267 eon I got them,
and now their place is wretched by their own conduct, as f
sold them at a loss of $800 to a trader."
"Well, this abolition report of 1838, from which
he had quoted, after going on to say what' were
the effects of this constant agitation on this sub-
ject; after stating that it made the negro dissatis-
fied; that it increased his desire'to run away; that
it harassed the master—went further. It did not
stop there. It went on tqurge on -the non-slave**
holding States that they should facilitate slaves
in their attempts to escape, and generate such.
a public opinion and pass such iawg as would
make the recapture of the runaway slaves impos-
sible; for if they were to be recaptured, they-
would be deterred from running away. It went
on to say that laws ought to be passed to raise
the question of slavery or freedom, or the legal-
ity of the bondage in which the slave is held. *
They urge the passage* of such a law -by the
northern States, upon the ground that the laws of
some of the southern States, permitting slavery, are
unconstitutional, and that the slave ought to have
an opportunity to test them whenever he escapes
to the North. They say that the citizens of Vir-
ginia and Maryland have no right, by their own
constitutions, to hold slaves in their own territory,
much less to recover them from other States.
They make this statement on the ground which
they assume, .that the bill of rights of Virginia and
Maryland emancipated their slaves, and that every
negro in those States was declared to be free by
the bill of rights, which was of equal force with
that contained in the constitution of Massachusetts,
by which she declared that slavery was abolished.
Well, sir, what has been the result of these recom-
mendations by the abolitionists ? I appeal to the
history of the last few years. Have not the State
Legislatures carried out- these recommendations
with a fidelity greater and stricter than they have
curried out the recommendations of their own con-
stituted authorities ? They have kept up the agi-
tation here to dispose the slaves to run away; they
have raised funds to aid him in escaping; they
have succeeded in exciting a feeling in the non-
slaveholding States, which makes it dangerous for
any man to aid a master in asserting his legal and
constitutional rights; they have passed laws nul-
lifying the Constitution, and making the recapture
of a fugitive slave impossible.
I have shown (said Mr. B.) the origin and the
objects of the constant discussion and agitation on
the subject of slavery here. I desire to call atten-
tion to the pertinacity with which it is kept up. It
commenced at the period I have named, by tlie pre-
sentation of abolition petitions.
The South denied that Congress had any jurist
diction of the subject, and insisted that the peti-
tions should not be received, and a rule was adopt-
ed to suppress them. The abolitionists pretended
to treat this as a great outrage, and the ear of the
nation was stunned with the clamor which was
made. Some well-meaning men, not'understanding
the objects of the agitators, advised that the whole
subject should be referred to a committee, which
could bring in an able report demonstrating that
Congress had no jurisdiction of the subject; and
they insisted a quietus would be given to the agi-
tators. Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, in an
ill-fated moment, yielded to these views, and un-
dertook to reason with those persons in a Congres-
sional report. "Well, what was the result? Pre-
cisely what he predicted at the time; so far from
its arresting the agitation, it increased it, by the
partial success with which it met. The ground
then was taken, that by the 21st rule, as it was
called, the sacred right of petition was invaded.
It was in vain we showed that such was not the
case; the agitation went on. We were told, take
from these abolitionists this plausible pretext, and
you will hear no more of them—by the 21st rule,
you are only adding fuel to the flame.
Some Southern men gave in to these views. As
soon as they did, the Northern and Western Dem-
ocrats, who had incurred some odium at home by
voting with us, gave way, and the rule was re-
pealed. But did the agitation cease? This pre-
text for agitation was no sooner removed than an-
other was found. We then had amendments to
territorial bills which never were thought of before,
to exclude slavery from the territories. But as
the territory (Oregon) in reference to which we
were legislating lay so far north that it was known
the slaves never would be taken there, it was re-
garded a3 pretty much a " brutwni fiUmenS' and
very little feeling was excited inconsequence. But
immediately afterward we happened to be engaged
in a way in which there was a prospect that for-
eign territory would be acquired. This was made
the pretext for the Wiimot proviso. The excite-
