184B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
663
and the amendment to be read, said he had done
so that he might really understand what was be-
fore the House, for, if he had listened to the dis-
cussion merely, he could not have had any con-
ception of what the subject was. They had had
a-discussion on the "Witmot proviso and abolition
societies—on mob spirit in general, and sympathy
with mobs. They had had much discussion on
the subject of British influence and incendiary
publications—of the freedom of the press and the
restraint of the press. All these things had been
discussed, and they had heard very little in refer-
ence to the subject before the House, unless it
were contained in the privilege of a member of this
House.
The resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Palfrey] had been received. He
concurred entirely with the decision of the Chair
as to the propriety of the course which the Chair
had pursued; and he w^s glad that.the Speaker
had not arrogated to himself the right to pronounce
what was and what was not a breach of the priv- ;
ileges of this House. He was glad the Speaker j
had referred it to the proper tribunal, the House
itself, and that by nearly general acquiescence
they had the subject before them. Well, was the
HouSe prepared to act upon it? If so, it could be
disposed of readily. If they would waive all ob-
jections to the question of privilege, it could be dis-
posed of at once. It had been proposed to elect
the committee by ballot; but unless some better
reason were given than any he had yet heard, he
should be opposed to that amendment.
If they could not by general consent, or by a
decided majority, dispose of this question of priv-
ilege, were they prepared to confine themselves to
that question? There might or might not have
been a breach of privilege committed. He did not
understand that the gentleman from Massachusetts
(Mr. Palfrey] had concluded his case. He had
heard that some facts were to be stated before
final action; and yet before those facts were made
known, they had been discussing the law of the
case, and the extent of the powers of this House
to protect its members; and in the course of that
discussion they had had some most preposterous
claims set up and refuted most triumphantly.
[Laughter.] He did not know that it was strictly
proper to state what the House in a particular case
might do; but it did appear to him that they should
first ascertain what were the facts of this case, and
then they could determine whether there had been
a breach of privilege. Fie did not concur with
some members, that nothing could be a breach of
privilege unless it grew out of something which
occurred here. Gentlemen might readily suppose
a case in which a breach of privilege might be
committed irrespective of this House. A person
from the Congressional district of any member of
this House, might choose to pursue such member
to this city, when he came here to take his seat,
avid barricade his boarding-house, or threaten to
inflict such personal chastisement on him as would
prevent his appearance here to discharge the duties
intrusted to him by his constituents. The mem-
bers of this House must be free to come and go;
and if he were obstructed, this House would have
as much right to inquire into the facts of the case
as a court would have when a suitor, witness, at-
torney, or juror, were waylaid and kept away.
But it had been said, that matter had better be
disposed of informally; that it had better be laid
on the table, or got rid of in some other such way.
There was no such proposition before the House,
hut there was a manifest disposition thus to get rid
of. it. He thought that would be an unfortunate
. disposition of it. This resolution charged specifi-
cally, though not very distinctly, that there had been
in this city a lawless mob, who had menaced amem-
berofthis House. Now, he would appeal to every
member of this House, from every part of this
Union, if they desired it to go forth to the people
of the free States that a member of this House, in
doing what he conceived to be his duty, was in
danger of personal violence from a mob. He did
not say that he had any evidence to satisfy him
that any member of this House was in danger
from a mob. This was not the time to express
any opinion, but lie would say that he had no such
evidence presented to his mind. He had a right
to speak; for he passed through the mob on Tues-
day night without knowing it. [Laughter.] tie
passed by the side of the Patent Office about half
past ten o'clock on Tuesday night, and when he
got home he was for the first time told that he had
passed through a mob. He did not believe the
citizens of this District were in the habit of en-
gaging in mobs. There might be loafers, idlers,
and inconsiderate boys, and people from other
parts of the country assembled here—and it was
suggested to him to add, also, persons in pursuit
of office. Thesemight become a disorderly mob,
but he had never seen anything in this District to
satisfy him that there .was a disposition on the
part of the regular citizens to engage in a mob;
and he was unwilling, if they did not deserve the
accusation, that this rumor, this common report,
should go forth, and give them that character. Such
a report would be injurious to them; and if they
did not deserve it, it ought not to go forth. They
were a peaceable, law-abiding people; and if there
was a mob, they would take efficient means to put
it down. The gentleman from Massachusetts had
not asserted that there had been a mob; he said it
was common report.
Mr. PALFREY said it might be satisfactory to
the House if he communicated to it a paper which
he held in his hand.
Mr. ROOT. "With all respect for the gentleman
from Massachusetts, he would not receive the evi-
dence now. He should want all the time allowed
him by the rules. [Several voices: " Oh 1 letushave
the evidence."] He would not yield the floor, and
the House must either listen to him, or amuse
themselves in some other way. This charge had
been made, and he did not believe it could be true
of any considerable portion of the people of this
District. That such a report had gone abroad he
knew. He knew it apart from anything said by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and he asked
if it was not due to the people of this District that
this charge should be inquired into? Uncontra-
dicted it might do the people of this District harm,
and the people of the slave States also, if the peo-
ple of the North should be made to believe, and
unjustly too, that their representatives here were
in danger of mob violence, or that any solitary
member from any part of this Union was in danger
of personal violence for conscientiously doing what
he believed to be his duty. He did not want the
people to believe this unless it was true; and if it
was true, the sooner it was known the better: and
when this truth should become known to the peo-
ple of the North, a very few years would pass
before the bats would cluster under the roof and
the foxes look out of the windows of this Capitol.
But gentlemen would see that this was not the l
only charge. This was mere northern suspicion,
if you please, (and in this Mr. R. was willing to
take his full share.) But they had asserted in the
amendment that a member of the House had par-
ticipated in the felonious attempt to abduct these
slaves. Now, he would ask southern gentlemen,
supposing the fact was not so, whether it was fair,
whether it was honorable and just, to indulge
such suspicions ? Did they want people to think
this of the members of this House? Mr. R. did
not know but they might think that every north-
ern Whig would do such things; but if there was
no proot of it, was it fair to let such suspicions go
abroad? Surely southern gentlemen did not be-
lieve this of all of them; but, if there was a par-
ticular individual suspected, let the matter be
thoroughly investigated. If northern members
had nothing better to do, or nothing else to do with
their time than to concern themselves with negro-
stealing  , T„, , , ,
Mr. RHETT here interposed. If he understood
the gentleman from Ohio aright, his position was, |
that no member of that House ought to be suspect- 1
ed of being capable of getting slaves to run away
from their masters.
Mr. ROOT said he had not distinctly heard what
the gentleman from South Carolina said.
Mr. RHETT thereupon repeated what he under-
stood to be the position taken by Mr. R.
Mr. ROOT. The gentleman puts it rather more
strongly than I did.
Mr. RHETT. I state it as I understood the gen-
tleman. Now, I do know a man from the North
(not a member of this Congress) who did it.
Mr. ROOT. Did the gentleman say it was a man
now in Congress?
Mr. RHETT. I expressly stated that it was no
member of the present Congress.
Mr. ROOT. Well, if the person has friends or
relatives hej-e, they must settle the matter. If the
person be here, he shall have the floor to explain.
Mr. RHETT. He-is not here. I .do,not say
there are such men in this House.
Mr. ROOT, (after a pause.) I am aware that
| there have been some very hard cases in Congress.
[A laugh.] I believe there was one member con-
victed of forgery and sent t,o the penitentiary.
Was it not so? [A voice: " Yes."] Mr. R. said
he would not enumerate cases. He had nothing
to say to those gentlemen; he should not make any
issue as to the general charge; it was enough for
him if one individual deserved to be exempt from
it, he ought to be so exempt, and not made an ob-
ject of suspicion.
Mr. R. went on to say that these were some of
•the reasons why he thought that this inquiry ought
not to be stifled. Let it go on; and if the inquiry
was thorough, when the result was made known,
Mr. R. should have a decided opinion, as he alway3
had where there were grounds for one, and gentle-
men knew enough of him to believe that he would
be sure to express it in some way, if no one but
his friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Cranston]
should stand by him.
Mr. R. said he hoped gentlemen would free them-
selves from all trammels in thiffmatteron the ground
of privilege, and would send both the resolution
and amendment at once to a committes. Let the
people of the United States know whether there
was or was not a mob in this District to endanger
any member of Congress in the faithful discharge
of his official duty; and if there was not, then let
the people of the District be freed from any such
injurious imputation. If the House had a member
in it who had nothing to do but run negroes out of
the District, let it be known; it was the right of the
people of the District to know it, and it was proper
that his constituents should know it. And that
was one reason Mr. R. was desirous that the pro-
posed inquiry should not be stifled.
Mr. R. had a word or two more to say on this
allegation about a " lawless mob." I utterly abhor
(said Mr. R.) the mob spirit. I hate mobs—all
mobs. I don't care what is the provocation that
has got them up. I detest a mob. If other gen-
tlemen like them and justify them, I shall not quar-
rel with their taste. I am in favor of a very free
expression of opinion. I hold that the man who
honestly speaks what he thinks, and all he thinks,
is entitled to respect, though he may be made to
answer for what he says. But I do know that
gentlemen both think and feel very differently at
one time from what they do at another; and I can-
not help thinking that the very high commenda-
tions on mobs which we have had here during this
debate would never have been made under other
circumstances. I, to be sure, have had but little
experience in mobs myself. I detest them. Now,
I consider the worst of this whole business of en-
ticing slaves from their masteis is the mob spirit
in which it was done. These negro-stealers were
a mob, rather small I admit—for they were a few
men on board a single schooner—but they were a.
mob, a detestable mob, and a sneaking mob, for
they worked at night in the dark.
I have been greatly astonished to hear gentle-
men who profess to be warm friends of slavery talk
favorably here of mobs. Why, sir, if there is an
institution on the face of God's earth which has
reason to dread mobs, it is this very institution of
slavery. I do not say that a mob does right to
assail it. I say that a mob is a most damnable
way of doing anything. It must be something
very good indeed—like the object of your Boston,
tea party—to excuse it in any degree; and that was
not a mob neither, for they had prayer before they
began, [roars of laughter;] and, at the end, when
all was done and over, it was moved that they
should'give three cheers spontaneously, [increased
laughter.] But I tell you, your institution of sla-
very will never be conserved by a mob. You are
the last men in God's world that should commend
mobs. You rely for your protection on the Con-
stitution; you rely on the oaths of our fathers; you
rely on our good faith—and you shall have that—
in thename of good faith, in thename of our fathers,
in the name of the Constitution, you shall have it.
But when you leave this groand, when you throw
away th ese pleas, and put yoursel ves on the sti ength
of mobs, beware! A mob deals m weak heads and
strong arms. Louis Philippe himself never had
stronger reason to dread a mob than you have I
do not say that any mob can reach you; but do
not you know that the mob sptnl travels faster than
the cholera i The cholera left the continent of Asia
