1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
065
The motion was decided by yeas and nays, and
there were yeas 84, nays 88.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. VINTON riioved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer a resolution making the various
bills making appropriations for the year ending
June 30, 1849—viz: for the payment of revolu-
tionary and other pensions of the United St'ates;
regulating the appointment of clerks in the Execu-
tive departments, and for other purposes; for the
payment of navy pensions; for the service of the
Post Office Department; for the naval service; for
certain fortifications of the United States, and for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government,
and for other purposes, the special order of the
day for Wednesday next, at one o'clock, p. m.,
ana so to continue until disposed of.
Mr. FICKLIN asked Mr. Vinton to include in
the resolution the bill establishing the Territorial
Government of Oregon. Mr. V. declining—
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and there were ayes 92, noes 55.
Two-thirdsnotvoting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering a resolution to fix the
■ daily hour of meeting at ten o'clock, a. m., and
to authorize the Speaker to adjourn the House
daily at three, p. m.
Mr. STEPHENS suggested to the gentleman
from North Carolina to make the hour of meeting
eleven, a. m., and of the adjournment four, p. m.
Mr. McKAY intimated, that if the House would
suspend the rules, he would so modify his resolu-
tion.
The motion to suspend was not agreed to; and
then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tlic following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of John Downey, of New
York, for a pension.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Dickinson Lumpkins,
of "Campbell county, Tennessee, a revolutionary soldier,
praying Congress to grant him a pension for services ren-
dered in the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: Two memorials from citizens
of Philadelphia, asking that a route for a post road may be
surveyed between the cities of New York and Philadelphia,
the line of such road to he retained under the perpetual con-
trol of the Union, and to be useil for the construction of a
railroad.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 24, 1848.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the credentials of Mr.
Solon Borland, appointed by the Governor of
Arkansas to supply the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Sevier. After having been duly
qualified, Mr. Borland took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the citizens of Washington,
inviting an attendance upon the ceremonies in favor
of French liberties.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
the President,'of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad
Company, asking for the light of way through the
public lands of Indiana and Illinois for the use of
that company; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from
the Board of Trade of the city of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, asking for the enactment of such a law
as will give additional security for life and prop-
erty in steamboats; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HALE presented four memorials from cit-
izens of New York, stating that Governor Childs
had ordered the men to kneel to the Host*at Jalapa,
and practiseother degrading ceremonies, on pain of
death, which they complain of as a palpable viola-
tion of their constitutional rights; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented several memorials com-
plaining of the monopoly of certain railroad compa-
nies of New Jersey, &c., and asking" that Congress
will make a post route through said Stale; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MILLER observed, that in these times of
wild excitement, he might find it no difficult mat-
ter to get up one on his own hook in favor of
peculiar State institutions. In the face, however,
of anoth«r excitement of a more pleasurable na-
ture—the celebration in favor of French liberty—
he would content himself by observing that the
statements set forth in the memorials that had been
presented, would be found, on investigation, un-
sustained by facts, or at least that there was great
exaggeration.
Numerous memorials were presented by Sen-
ators in favor of the" purchase of Mount Vernon
by the General Government.
On motion by Mr. D1X, the memorial of Sarah
Ann Hart and 'others was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; and the petition of Ar-
nold Naudain was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
<Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Arkansas, asking additional land for pur-
poses of education; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of William Greet; which was read a first time.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee of Contin-
gent Expenses, made ai\ adverse report on the
petition of James Moore.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
moved that the bill and report for the relief of
James Lawton be referred back to the Committee
of Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, moved that the bill to incor-
porate the Washington Mutual Insurance Com-
pany and Savings Institution be recommitted to the
Committee for the District of Columbia; which was
agreed to.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of Gamaliel Taylor, late marshal of the
United States for the district of Indiana; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOTE, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the public lands, and to grant preemp-
tion rights;" which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LEWIS, on leave, introduced a bill to
change the place of holding the district court of
the United States for the middle district of Ala-
bama; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, it was
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to tlic Senate copies ot any correspond-
ence in the Department of State with the American charge
d'affaires in Portugal, in relation to the claim of the owner*
of the ship Miles Warren, in the State of Rhode Island,
upon the Government of Portugal, for payment of a cargo
of oil taken by the officers and applied to the uses of that
Government; also, copies of any correspondence between
our charge and the minister of the Portuguese Government
relating to the claim for and payment of said cargo, together
with such papers as are in the department substantiating
^ said claim.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, it was
Resolvctl, That the Joint Committee on the Libiary be,
and they hereby are, directed to ascertain, from the present
owner of the library of the late General George Washington,
whether the same is now for sale, of what number and value
are the hooks in said library, and at what price the same
can be purchased by Congress.
Mr. BELL submitted the following:
Resolved, That the reporter of the Senate be directed to
supply each member of the House of Representatives with
a copy of his report of proceedings and debates of the Uni-
ted States Senate for the present Congress; the expense to
be paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. BELL hoped the resolution would be agreed
to. It contemplated an act of courtesy to the mem-
bers of the other House to which he presumed no
Senator would be disposed to make an objection.
Mr. TURNEY objected to the consideration of
the resolution at this time. He thought it was
uncalled for, as the House had now the Congres-
sional Globe, in which the proceedings and debates
of the Senate were published in extenso. If they
desired any other report, they could supply them-
selves.
The resolution was therefore laid over.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, rose to present
to the Senate an amendment which he had pre-
pared and intended to offer when the bill came up
relative to our commercial relations with China
and the Ottoman Porte. The amendment.was re-
ceived and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the bill for the .
relief of Lorimer Graham was considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the bill relating
to certain surveys in the State of Florida was con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, and passed. 4
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the bill to require
holders of military land warrants to compensate
the land officers of the United States for services
in relation to the location of these warrants was
considered, and ordered to a third reading.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the bill to pro-
vide a communication across the Eastern Branch
of the Potomac, in the District of Columbia, was
faken up; but, before any proceeding thereon,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 25, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, the bill
for the admission of the State of Wisconsin into
the Union was made the special order for Tuesday
next, and every succeeding day until disposed of.
THE QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
The House resumed the debate on the resolution
of Mr. Palfrey, respecting the individual privi-
leges of members of the House.
'Mr. WICK said, whenever a discussion arises
here upon any topic connected, even remotely,
with the subject of slavery, it mainly falls into the
hands of men entertaining extreme opinions, and
under the influence of strong feeling; and the re-
sult is, that moderate men, who think that they
and their constituents see the subject in all its
bearings, would, were they not admonished by
opinion, almost universal, be in danger of falling
into skepticism as to the truth of the admitted fact,
that this House is the collected wisdom of the
nation.
I propose, sir, not only to express my views in
opposition to the adoption of the resolution before
the House, with or without the proposed amend-
ments; but it is also my purpose to follow the
example of those who have preceded me, with the
exception of the honorable member from South
Carolina,and some others, and takeupand consider
the subject of slavery, the rights of the slaveholder,
the agitation of propositions to preclude, by legis-
lation here, the possibility of the addition to the
Union of any further territory without an exclu-
sion of slavery therein, and generally the griefs,
existing or alleged, growing out of the subject and
its agitation. To do so, will be but the fulfillment
of a desire and purpose long entertained.
I disagree, loto ccelo, with those, who fear that
evil is to result from frequent and full discussions
of this subject. On the contrary, I know that it
must be discussed; and for that discussion, now or
any time is the proper time. In the extreme South,
you have no discussion, for you have but one
opinion. In the extreme North there is a partial
consideration of the subject, but not such as to
elicit, to any great or sufficient extent, a frank dis-
closure of opinions by any, except avowed abo-
litionists, who have nothing to lose. Their mode
of treating the subject is sufficiently blunt. But,
if I mistake not, other political parties, in some
instances—the Whig party almost generally—
instead of taking their ground firmly upon the
constitutional truth, charity, and practical good
sense, whose teachings, calmly and faithfully
presented, are always acceptable to the mass of
the -American people, and are amply sufficient
to secure the perpetuity of the Union, have for-
gotten the relations which exist between them and
their southern brethren, and, to some extent, have
compromised with the enemy of the public peace
and of the Union — the abolition politician, and
agitator—who, having nothing to lose, can allorcl
to be reckless and audacious. He is at the bot-
tom of the revolving wheel. A revolution might
make a Marat or a Danton of him. Hence he
agitates fearlessly and boldly. His audacity is his
political virtue. It even gives him the semblance
of courage. Defying all laws, he contrives to be
apparently a victim, and assumes the guise of a
martyr upon the smallest imaginable occasions.
