066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
of persecution, he finds himself the ob- : or threatened, so as to make a case to bring before
,Wt of auiet disregard, he thinks himself a most !| the House and country, and so to bring to the no-
unfortunate gentleman, and will add to the venom ' tice of the good people of the Western Reserve his
of the slime which he leaves in his tortuous path, most martyr-like virtues, and the great wicked-
irt hopes to provoke some one to give him a Kick, [' ness Of "Washington city mobs, and thus incline
so that he may fee! and proclaim himself a mar- !] the hearts of the excellent citizens of said Reserve
tyr. It is mortifying to reflect that abolitionism jj to give him another lease of his desk here for a
should become sufficiently formidable in any quar- ;] two years' term, renewable forever. I would not
ter to make it the present interest of politicians, and |[ deprive the honorable member of the advantage
v especially of political parties, to even a mere local jj resulting from such amiable diplomacy. I wish
extent, to descend from the platform of the Consti- <i him to retain his place here, 1 have got used to
uition, and adopt, as a part of their creeds, dogmas j1 him. The House and the country are used to
so far colliding with the interests and rights of en- him. I fear there would be a stagnation here if
tire sections of the Union, as to justly excite in the I; we were deprived of his presence. Besides, sir, I
bosoms of the inhabitants of those sections a sense am persuaded that his constituency will always—
of injury and insult. But so it is. And this is the 1 for a long time to come, at least—return to this
cause why this subject of slavery is so trouble- \ House some sort of political monstrosity; either
some. The Abolitionist is among us. and there let • an abolition-mounted Whig or a Whig-mounted
Abolitionist. Now, sir, the honorable member
has, in a sort, been a fixture here for a long time,
and I myself have cultivated for him a peculiar
regard—a sort of affection; and as I was raised, as
they say in Virginia, in this same Western Reserve,
I have the most friendly reminiscences concerning
many of his constituency, when they and I were
gossoons together; and i give it as my deliberate
opinion that there is no man in the world can so
well represent them, whfle they are such as they
now are, as the honorable member himself. There-
fore, if I supposed it needful to the honorable
member, I would do anything in reason to secure
him political perpetuity. But it is not now need-
ful. If we refuse the desired inquiry, that will be
persecution. And if we grant it, he will get a first-
him stay. He has a right to be among us. Shall !.
we say that it is dangerous to discuss thedogmasof ,
his paternity because they have been adopted by
others? Sir, I fear nothing from discussion; that ,
is, nothing of evil to the Republic. I may suffer ^
individually. A few may be pricked by my say- !
ings and become deadly enemies. They may cause j
me to fall politically. But it will not be by pre- ,
senting my opinions and votes, on this and analo- !
gous questions, to those constituents by whose >
votes I am here; for, of those, there are not more !
than forty who will disapprove of my course on I
this subject. But, a few busy men, inspired by a j
single idea, and acting upon the principle that the j
end justifies the means, may effect a great deal, by j
urgingagainstmeotherconsiderations,trueorfalse, j _ _
accordant with the popular feeling. My course on rate electioneering document, at public expense, in
this subject will never be condemned in my district !| the evidence reported by the committee. For that
by Democrats, to any extent, except in whispers j matter, he has it now in his statement presented
among thosewho,for the sakeof their own consist- \\ by the honorable member from Massachusetts; for
encyand candor, ought to acknowledge themselves H the majority of his constituents will think his pil-
the disciples of John P. Hale. A vast majority || grimage to the city jail was a mission of mercy,
of my Whig constituents will secretly approve of jj and will think of him for President—though I
my course; but, for fear of their abolition allies, know his well-understood^ modesty will decline
and because I am a Democrat, I shall never have ji that honor—and then they will wonder at his mod-
the benefit of their open approval. They must find j,' eration!
fault with all I do or say. I vote against the resolutions, and the inquiry
But, sir, as a member here, and in the discharge |, which they propose, (as I hope I have demon-
of my duty, I would not think of myself, but ofstrated,) from no lack of kindly feeling towards
my constituents and country. I am satisfied that i; the honorable member from Ohio, but solely be-
the public good, as involved in the perpetuity and 1 cause the menaces which he states to have been
geneial ascendency of the Democratic party, will \\ uttered against him were not aimed at, or caused
be promoted by the free discussion of this subject. ' by, any specific words spoken in discussion here,
As one of my constituents said at an Abolition nor at nor by any act of official duty. It is those
Convention, and in reference to the speeches he matters alone that are protected by our American
there heard, "let every fellow talk to his no- II doctrine of privilege. I know the English prece-
tion." Sir, I deny that, in a republic, any theme, |j dents go further. But I do not recognize their au-
l thority. They are not adapted to our institutions,
i or to the state of things in this country. If a mem-
ber of Congress gets into a personal scrape when
proposition, or pro/ef, is to be tabooed. The good
sense of the people will set all right, if you will
discuss fearlessly, here and elsewhere, in speech
and in print, and by all other possible means.
The people hold truth and its advocacy m respect.
"Truth is mighty, and will prevail."
But I am digressing. My first object is to state
a single reason why I shall vote against the reso-
lution before the House.
I do not understand that, under our Constitution
or laws, any act is a breach of privilege, if its
offenstveness be confined to members of the House
in their individual character, and if its motive
be found in the unofficial conduct of the mem-
ber or members. If a member °be assailed or
menaced for words spoken in debate, or for the dis-
charge of his duly, I grant it is a breach of privilege.
But nothing of the kind is alleged in this case. If
the member from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] will brino*
himself within my views of the Constitution and
law, I will not pause to inquire whether this ap-
plication for the exertion of the most extraordinary
and dangerous power of this House is or is not
brought forward from a regard for the honor and
cruising'on his own hook about the purlieus of
Washington, and beyond the precincts of the Capi-
tol, he must rely on the judiciary of the District.
I believe justice is as well administered here as it
is in Ohio or in Indiana, and the laws afford the
most ample remedies.
I wish to premise myfurther remarks by a brief
nairativc of the events which have produced a
temporary excitement in this Hall, and which will
(as was intended) extend into certain vicinitics of
the country.
A few days ago, a vessel from one of the north-
ern ports landed at a public wharf in Georgetown,
within this District, (Georgetown, in fact, adjoins
this city,) and discharged a load of firewood. In
a night or two after discharging freight, the vessel
made sail down the river. The next morning near
eighty slaves were missing in this city and George-
town, having been taken on board said vessel.
Under the direction of the constituted judicial au-
I thorities, or of the persons interested, or both, a
prerogatives of the House. I will not suffer my- jj steamboat made pursuit m a f'ew hours, and, m a
self to guess that the honorable member's forced
popularity at home, hot-housed into a long con-
tinuance by a former expulsion from this Hall,
as just as it was impolitic, is failing for want
of thorns to crackle under his pot; and that, in
order to remain here, or elsewhere in political life,
longer, he must have a new inventory of martyr-
doms to lay before his most respectable, though
somewhat peculiar constituency; and that he
made a pilgrimage to the Washington city jail to
see those who were there in durance, (but who
were no constituents of his, and who had immediate
Representatives in this and the other Hall, to
whom they could apply,) in hopes to be mobbed
peaceable and orderly manner, overtook the pirat-
ical craft, and brought it, the captain, and crew,
and also the runaway slaves, back to this city,
and lodged them m jail. On the way from the
steamboat landing to the jail, there was no mate-
rial disturbance, though 1 heard a few exclama-
lions against the alleged thieves. I should say no
1 more than, if as much as, I have heard on several
occasions of the arrest of horse thieves, taken with
the stolen horses m their possession, and brought
into my own good and orderly town of Indianapo-
lis. A member of this House [Mr. Giddlygs]
went to the jail to visit the alleged criminals. They
wore not constituents of his, but strangers to him.
He took with him his friend, Mr. Hamlin, and
recommended him to the criminals as a lawyer, to
be employed for their defence. They (the prison-
ers) had not sent for the honorable member, or
for Mr. Hamlin. They are said to be principal
owners of the vessel aforenamed, and needed no
charity. A variety of inferences have been started
as to the motive of the honorable member in visit-
ing the jail and prisoners. The honorable mem-
ber understands himself as having been influenced
by considerations of humanity solely. In the com-
munity of this District, the act was understood as
an effort publicly to give the sanction of the honor-
able member's name in condemnation of the slave-
holding which their fathers practised, and taught
them to practise, and as a sort of defiance of them.
By some persons it was simply understood as a
not very respectable act. xhese inferences, of
others than tne honorable member, may or may
not be corrcct. I know the honorable member
likes troubled waters; but I am slow to conclude
against him the implication of low or dishonorable
motive. Yet I must acknowledge, that had the
honorable member failed to assure us that his mo-
tives were merely humane, and were he a stranger
to me, I should, on the case stated, have inferred
that he went to the jail on purpose to get into a
scrape. And but for his assurances, I should have
inferred that Mr. Hamhn was his special friend
and that he was anxious to place him in a position
as counsel for these prisoners, to present his bills
to the northern Abolition societies, whose prompt-
itude in paying such bills, on the certificate of the
honorable member from Ohio, will not be doubted.
They are capital paymasters. One or two of my
professional brethren athome tried them, and found
they bled freely. If the honorable member's friend
should, in consequence of being a stranger, and of
his social connections, be of no service to his cli-
ents, but the business have to be done by the law-
yers of this District, who understand the local laws
and the practice of the courts, and who, from their
knowledge of the population, can understandingly
challenge jurors—why, so much the greater will
be his obligations to the honorable member. The
worst inference which, in the absence of the assu-
rances of the honorable member, I could make,
would be, that he had got his friend a fee, and
done something to be talked of among the good
people of the Western Reserve—thus killing two
birds with one stone; and if he failed in getting
himself mobbed, why, he saved his bacon.
A handsome young Englishman eloped to the
continent with the ugly old wife of an earl. At
Florence, he met a quondam college chum, who
asked him thus: "Ned! what, in the name of all
that is wonderful, made you run off with* such a
frightful bag of shuttles—such a withered, haggard,
dried-up specimen of the feminine gender as is this
countess?" " Why," said Ned, "I tried every
way to do something to be talked of, and get
into the gazette—all in vain. I determined to be
notorious. The countess was the only woman of
rank who would run off with me, and find me
guineas to make me happy. Had I run off with
a young, beautiful commoner, it would have been
•■•a small affair. But a countess, eh! Notoriety,
my dear fellow; notoriety is everything." . If the
honorable member from Ohio worships the same
goddess with this sprig of aristocracy, he will find
her propitious, I fancy, under the circumstances,
which seem to have grown up as if by magic to
his hand. I am persuaded he will be a fixture in
political life, here or elsewhere, not while " sun
and moon endure"—not " while grass grows and
water runs"—but so long as just his corner of
Buncombe should have the bad taste to appreciate
his services at less than their great value, H can so
happen that he can become the subject of an expul-
sion, an investigation, or of a fuss in general.
Why, sir, the honorable member is not an ex-
ception to the rule. Many a clever fellow, elected
as the fast choice of Ins district, and called a right
smart man at home, sinks into disregard because he
does nothing here for notoriety—nothing to be made
the subject of an editorial, a letter, or a speech.
I have made a sliding scale of the means of ac-
quiring notoriety as a member of this House,
drawn from the most authentic sources, and find
them as follows:
1st. To be gloriously persecuted.
2d. To get into a fight.
3d. To have many heated altercations, and al-
ways get the better in the way of hard sayings.
