1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661"
4th. To move a suspension of the rules often, for
the purpose of introducing popular propositions.
5th. To make frequent personal explanations.
It is true* that the first three'will be almost un-
availing, unless you can get the editors and letter-
writers to take the- matter in hand; and it is also
true that our masters have so far come to an un-
derstanding of the last two, that none but a green
one will rely much upon them.. But if a man can
only bring all of those means into his service, he
is in a fair way to become a tall cedar, and, as a
member of this House, perennial.
I myself have never had any reason to complain
of persecution. They lied on me some at home;
but that was to be expected. Here I have com-
plained of nothing. I had a bargain with one of
my Democratic friends to get up an altercation,
and consequent fight; but we abandoned the plan,
for fear we should both burst into a laug-h, and so
expose our plot. I have had thoughts of " light-
ing on" some little fellow of a "Whig, but then I
am afraid of" foreign intervention."
The honorable member from Ohio seems to un-
derstand such things; and I appeal to his personal
kindness to get me into some scrape, which will
make a great noise and fuss without hurting skin or
bone, so that my good constituents may see that I
am fighting gloriously in their behalf. If the honor-
able member refuse me this favor, I very much fear
that I shall never enter this Hall after the expira-
tion of the present Congress. To be sure 1 am
here late, early, and always, answer all letters, at-
tend to all commissions, vote on all questions, and
make speeches when I can get the floor. But there
is no excitement in these things; they are too
conjmon. O! if I could only get myself terribly
mobbed,orwhipped, or whip somebody,orget per-
secuted ! Verily, my good nature and my industry
will be my ruin ! Would it not be hard for a man
to lose a scat in Congress only because he attends
to his business, and will be a gentleman >
But, sir, I am wandering somewhat from the
point, I fear.
In addition to the facts which I have stated, but
little remains to be told. It is said that there have
been mobs collected in this city, on two consecu-
tive nights, following the events already narra-
ted. I was present at one of them. It was a very
orderly, mob—much more so than this House*
often is. It passed divers resolutions. I was not
pleased with one of them. I am not always pleased
with the resolutions adopted by this House. They
resolved that if the editor of a certain abolition
newspaper, published in Washington, did not, be-
fore the next night, remove his press from the
District of Columbia, they would remove it for
him. He did not remove it. At the time appoint-
ed the mob " met pursuant to adjournment." Did
they tear down the press, or remove it ? Not a bit
of it. The editor of the abolition- paper (to his
honor be it spoken) stood his ground. He inform-
ed the most gentlemanly mob that, so far as their
resolution was concerned, he was a nullifier. He
threw himself upon his reserved rights. Where-
upon this most polite and law-abiding mob (to its
everlasting honor, andto the honor of Washington
city, and of the District of Columbia, be it spoken)
most magnanimously backed out, and nullified its
own resolution; and there stands the abolition
printing press and office in all their glory! That
it was established here on purpose to be mobbed,
and demolished, so as to excite sympathy, and
force abolition principles and feelings upon the
people of the northern States, many do, and will
continue to believe. I do not. Be that as it may,
if the people of this District will not^demolish an
abolition press, located among them, within a week
after near a hundred of their slaves have been sto-
len, they never will. So mote it be.
I believe I have narrated all the material facts,
except that some blackguard, or abolitionist, threw
a few stones out ofjsome dark corner and broke a
window or two a little.
" Behold howgreatamatteralittlefirekindleth."
Out of this affair, a very animated discussion has
arisen in this Hall, and the honorable member
from Ohio is, in one way or the other, sure of his
crown of martyrdom. The abolitionists of the
North, and the cavaliers of the South (some of
them) will, for once, agree in opinion. They will
both swear (to the best of their knowledge and
belief) that there is a prodigious excitement all
over the country. When a man is drunk he takes
every man he sees to be drunk.
I am well aware that my calm mode of consid-
ering this subject accords not at all with the polit-
ical interests of abolitionists. Nor will it be ac-
ceptable to the tastes of the thoroughbred south-
ern cavalier. The interests of the one would be
better subserved, and the tastes and feelings of the
other more flattered, if I would go into some sort
of a fit on the occasion of the discussion of this
terrible topic! Excuse me, gentlemen, I am not
spasmodically disposed! I am not inclined to take
either a convulsion or an epileptic fit on the occa-
sion. No ! not even an hysteric spasm. The topic
is not a terrible one to me, nor to those by whose
votes I am here. Your united arguments and
vociferations cannot induce me to believe, or to
say without believing it, that the Union is in
any immediate danger on account of slavery or
abolitionism, or of the folly or wickedness of
either.
I propose to give a synopsis of the opinions of
myself, and of all (except about thirty) of those
by whose votes I am here. Listen, and see how
you like our way of thinking. I propose not only
" to speak to the best of my knowledge and belief
the truth, and nothing but the truth," (as is, I be-
lieve, usual here,) but also to " speak the whole
truth;" in which respect I shall perhaps be rather
unfashionable.
Our opinions are about as follows:
1st, The original cause of slavery—the stealing
of men and women in Africa—was, in our opinion,
an act, or a series of acts, of unnatural, oppressive,
and unmitigated wrong. So, also, we think of
knowingly purchasing, as slaves, the women and
men thus stolen.
2d. We understand, in reference to the holding of
slaves by descent, or purchase from those to whom
they have descended, that it may or may not be
wrong, according to circumstances and the intent
of the actor. We generally would agree upon the
declaration of one of the few churchcs, whose or-
ganization in the United States has not been broken
up (to their shame be it spoken) by the unprofita-
ble agitation of this subject—not generally among
the church members, £>ut principally among the
clergy in their periodical assemblies, conventions,
or conferences—which declaration, if my memory
does not fail me, is in these words, to wit: " Slave-
holding, as practised in these United States, is not,
in itself, of necessity, sin."
3d. We believe that the introduction of slavery
into the United States, though brought about by
acts in violation of his law, is of the providence of
God; and that, in defiance of the madness of fanat-
ics, and not by their agency, He will bring out of
it great good to his creature man, the special object
of his providence and grace.
4th. We hold that, under the Constitution of the
United States, Congress has no power to either
authorize or prohibit slavery in any State or Ter-
ritory of the United States. We admit the power
of Congress to l'egulate slavery ill the District of
Columbia; and we think that Congress ought to
exercise that power by prudent and moderate legis-
lation aimed at any abuses which exist. A strict
construction of the Constitution forces us to this
conclusion. As Democrats, we are bound to ad-
here to a strict construction of that instrument. It
is therein that we differ from Federalists, whom
we accuse of frittering away the Constitution by a
liberal construction of it.
I am aware that one of my votes, given in the
last Congress upon an amendment to the Oregon
bill, conflicts with an opinion expressed in this
paragraph. That was before I had thought well
upon the subject, with the Constitution before me.
If any one wishes to hit me a personal rap, in retort
for some of my general remarks not exactly to his
taste, I can furnish him with much more glaring
instances of change of opinion and practice, on my
part, than in this small matter. I was a Federalist
once, and now I am a Democrat. I once believed,
verily, that the first chapter of Genesis contained a
literal narrative of facts, and that the world was
only about six thousand years old: I now find in
said chapter a beautiful specimen of Oriental alle-
gory, shadowing forth the works and providence
of God. How old the world is, I do not even begin
to inquire. Geology proves it to be many millions
of years since it had existence in some form. In
practice, too, as well as opinion, I have changed
much—I hope for the better. Any fool can be
consistent, but it is only a man whose wisdom ex-
ceeds his personal pride, who will gladly abandon
and embrace truth, as he shall, by search-
ing, find it out.
5th. We hold that some of our northern friends
very gratuitously shoulder, as national sins, mat-
ters of law, under the exclusive control of States'
and Territories. We deny, as antiquated, and as-
appertaining to a dark age, the notion that one
man can be made morally responsible for any but
his own acts, and those which he directly encour-
ages others to commit. We are skeptical, gener-
ally, as to there being any such thing as national,
sin. And, in this connection, we deny that it is"
any part of the duty.of the people of New Eng-
land, or of the Western Reserve, to repent of the
sins of southern slaveholders. We deny the vir-
tue of any such vicarious repentance; and, with all
our charity, we sometimes fear that those who
thus busy themselves about the transgressions of
others, will, a3 a consequence, become sad phari-
sees, and each go blundering along with an unmiti-
gated beam in his own eye. We intimate this
most respectfully.
6th. We respectfully suggest to our slavehold-
ing brethren to consider of the propriety of gradu-
ally emancipating their slaves, and hope they will
effect that object at the time they may judge best;
and we make it a special request that they will so
conduct the operation as not to inundate us with
their emancipates. We dread the presence of a
numerous colored population among us, and have
endeavored to provide againstit by State legislation.
But such laws will be evaded. The newspapers,
from Maine to Texas, have said that our supreme
court has decided our law on this subject to be
unconstitutional; on tire contrary, the court decided
the law to be constitutional and binding. The
court consisted of a man from " the old Bay State,"
a Jerseyman, and a Virginian. The court was
unanimous, I believe. The newspapers are not
right always.
7th. We esteem a professional slave-dealer as an
unmitigated brute boast.
8th. We deny that an increase of the area of
slavery will, of necessity, increase its volunje, un-
less the importation of slaves be agairj authorized,
which no one thinks of. We can see that it may
better the condition of slaves. We can see that
the huddling together in a small compass of the
slaves of the country may accelerate emancipation.
But we also see that such hasty emancipation
would be likely to bring upon us in Indiana all
avalanche of colored population. Admitting that
evil is to be feared, as to the continuance of slavery
as a consequence of extending its possible area, we
deny the constitutional power of Congress to legis-
late in prevention of that evil. It is a mutter of
municipal legislation appertaining to the States and
Territories. We do not see the end. But we are
sure that God does.
9th. When we hear a man declaim about the
hardship to northern laborers resulting from slave
labor coming in competition with their labor, we
are sure he does not understand himself, if he pro-
poses, as a remedy, the abolition of slavery or its
restriction.. If the slaves be emancipated, their
labor will still and nevertheless continue to come
in competition with the labor of the white man of
the North. If the importation of slaves were prac-
tised or allowed, the argument would be good
against sucii importation. The benevolent aboli-
tionist or anti-slavery man ought not to insist on
this argument. It is unsound. To remove the
competition created by the labor of the colored
man, it will not be sufficient to emancipate him.
The poor fellow must beexterminated, to release the
white laborer from the competition complained of
It is very important sometimes to examine subjects.
Do you remember the story of Dr. Franklin, the
philosophers, the bucket of water, and the fish?
Enough said!
10th. We doubt not but that there are many
cruel masters m the South, who misuse arid treat
cruelly their slaves, to a greater or less extent; but
we do not believe that God sent all the evil human
nature into the southern States, and all the choice
qualities of the same article into New England,
New York, the Western Reserve, &c. We guess
He adjusted the matter about equally. A man of
wealth and of a cruel disposition in the South, we
suppose, will indulge himself in oppression and
cruelty towards his slaves; and the same sort of a
man in the North will amuse himself by lording it
over his aior neighbors, oppressing the widow and
the fatheross, and tyrannizing over his wife, chil-
