668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
dren, and servants. One thing we know: eman-
cipated negroes and runaways among us, after a
little experience, universally prefer being employed
as servants by those of our people who are from
Kentucky and Virginia. They say that Yankees
do not know how to treat colored people. Irvfact,
I have frequently known them prefer pinching
want, in their own little cabins, to profitable ser-
vice in the most respectable families from the east-
ern States.
, Moreover, we doubt not but that the truly be-
nevolent man can, and does, as the owner of slaves,
find numerous opportunities of exerting his good
qualities in his demeanor towards them. He can
be, and frequently is, to his slaves, friend, coun-
sellor, and physician. We are of opinion that
such masters are more frequently found in rural
life than in towns. The town spoils the slave, and
does hot morally improve the master. We believe
that a great deal of southern benevolence finds
scope in most praiseworthy efforts to improve-the
condition of the slave; and are satisfied that, in
many instances, southern chivalry expends much
tenderness upon the female slave. We do not
praise this.
New England is full of benevolence. Witness
the numerous associations formed with a design
to better the condition of man. Sometimes, when
we become a little pharisaical ourselves, we in waid-
ly smile at the ostentation of the thing; but we
give a hospitable reception to all the missionaries
the New England societies send among us to con-
vert the heathen of Indiana; and, thus far, some
of our young savages marry the female teachers
they send us, about as soon as they come to hand.
Send them on. They make good wives; and they
look >'so almighty slick," that they will soon be
released from school-teaching, by being called to
preside over the houses of young Hoosiers. If
they preside over the Hoosier's person and mind,
as well as 'over his affairs, why—no odds—it is
not slavery. We hold the northern and southern
people to be alike good and alike bad. They are
good and bad in different ways. Were we to crit-
icise you, vie should say that there are a good
many sinners in the South, and a good many Phari-
sees at the North; and we doubt not that if you
were to get out of temper with us, on precisely the
same day, you could get up a joint meeting of pu-
ritans and cavalieis, and unanimously vote us out
of the synagogue as publicans. Do so, if you feel
like it. In return, we wish you both well, and
pray God to cure you of your mutual disposition
to repent of each other's sins, whereby you con-
vert this Hall into an arena for unreasonable, un-
charitable, and reproachful squabbling, in which
we take no interest, except to be pained thereby.
We have no respect for your unfraternal objurga-
tions. Excuse our plainness. It is our way.
11th. We have witnessed, for years, the un-
profitable and most injurious effects resulting from
efforts to legislate, contrary to the Constitution, on
the subject of slavery; whereby much time has
been wasted, and much ill feeling and local jealousy
brought into existence, and have resolved to es-
teem most highly those who are most silent on
that topic in this Hall. We are aware that Demo-
crats, professing to be strict constructionists, some-
times bring the subject forward. For the benefit
of such, I will tell a story. A clever young Hoosier
was riding along one of our roads. He was mount-
ed on a full-blooded whip and Bertrand horse. He
met a wealthy and respectable gentleman, reason-
ably good-looking, very ruddy, and rather oldish,
who was mounted on the ugliest specimen ofhorse-
flesh imaginable. He (the horse, not the man)
was snip-nosed, big-headed, ewe-necked, swag-
backed, hog-rumped, sickle-hamed, timber-limbed,
knock-kneed, and clump-footed. Moreover, his
mane and tail were not flowing, but bristly; each
fetlock was like a festoon of chestnut burs, and he
had a vile trick of stumbling against any other
horse he met on the road. In that way he victim-
ized the horse of our young cavalier, repeatedly,
while the two riders were taking a chat en passant.
The following dialogue thereupon took place be-
tween the rider of the fine horse, whom we will
call for the nonce Blood, and the rider of the ugly
.horse, whom we will temporarily christen by the
name of Jade.
Blood. [ s,iy, my dearsir, you ride just a leetle the ugliest
specimen of hotsetlesh I ever did see. it is a mortal shame
to l>e riding such an animal round the country, blundering I
against people. See, your abominable btast has corked my '
horse till he will limp for a month, and he has barked my
shm like blazes. You ought to shoot him.
Jade. I am bound to acknowledge that my horse is no
beauty, and he is no great saddle horse. Hut lor ploughing
corn, harrowing in oats, snaking logs, and riding round the
farm, he is capital; and then he is so good and quiet for the
boys to ride to mill, and the old woman to meeting. I ad-
mit he is a bad roadster,* and blunders against people to a
degree. But I say, let them keep out of the way.
Blood. Have you no better saddle-horse?
Jade. Yes, several; but it suits me to ride this beast. I
think to fjree some one to buy him.
Blood. Soh ! old fellow, is that your policy? Now, I do
not blame your horse for being ugly. lie is as he was made.
I do not blame you for owning him, and using him at home,
for youi ploughing, harrowing, and snaking, and for your
domestic riding round your tarm; but it youaie a clever
fellow, you will keep that horse at /tome.
And so say 1 to northern Democrats of the Wil-
mot proviso and self-called anti-extension-of-the-
area-of-slavery stamp. You cannot expect ever
to convert southern Democrats. You tried your
hand at browbeating western Democrats last Con-
gress ; you made personal attacks upon them;
your few adherents in their districts clandestinely
sought to subvert them; but they are here again ;
and several who voted with you last Congress
now vote against you. The old men—the neigh-
borhood politicians, who love the unity of the
Democratic party, and look upon it as the rock
of political safety—gave some of them a hint, 1
guess. And from the way the northern Democratic
votes go, I guess there have been some hints given
and taken in that quarter. Your ugly beast of a
horse may carry you through your districts well
enough; but if you bring him here upon the na-
tional highway, the riding of him can give yoy
small satisfaction, unless you can find a malicious
pleasure in the idea that you may unhorse a neigh-
bor, or mayhap at least make him rub a shin. In
the spirit of kindness, I tell you to keep that horse
at home. But, say you, our constituents expect us
to ride that horse. We rode him through our dis-
tricts. He carried us into the affections of our
constituents, for when we went a-wooing to them,
we were ever on his back. Well, then, go to them
and tell them the truth. Tell them that this same
horse is a bad cross of democracy and abolition-
ism; that he wins no race on the national demo-
cratic course; that, in ploughing the national corn-
field he runs on and ploughs up the corn and leaves
the weeds standing; and that no one regards him
with either respect or fear, except now and then a
cavalier, who takes a fright at him, before he gets
used to him. If that fails, read my speech to them;
and if that fails, advise them that they ought to
vote with the Abolitionists, and say so to them in
the spirit of kindness, as I now speak to you,
"Honesty is the best policy." We know that
your course is so disgustful to the Democrats of
the southern States, that if the middle and western
States were to follow you, the southern Democ-
racy would withdraw from their connection with
northern Democrats, and the party organization
would thus be broken up. This would bring all
the elections of President into this House, to be
carried by the highest bidder, or by corrupt coali-
tions of mere factions, without reference to prin-
ciple. I wish to be in order, Mr. Speaker. I do
not mean this House. This House is honest. But
if parties, based upon principle, cease to control !
this Government, factions, having no common
bond but love of place and plunder, will control it; I
and if honest parties are subverted or dissolved, ■
and factions prevail, Presidential elections will con-
stantly or frequently come into this House; and,
in that event, you will not have an honest House
here long. No, sir ! This temple of liberty will
become " a den of thieves." ;
We cannot, therefore, go with you. We are the I
majority of the Democratic party—i. e., we and
the southern Democracy—with whom we continue '
to jog along pretty comfortably by the exercise of !
no more mutual forbearance and charity than our !
Bible enjoins, and by refraining from mutual j
aggression or reproach. In this matter, we tell !
you before the country, the world, and God, that j
you are aggressors. No one is seeking to impose !
any slavery upon you; and no one asks you to vote j
for a law to establish slavery anywhere. We will \
not so vote. If you choose to make yourselves |
responsible for the possible—not probable—exist- ;
ence of slavery, (established by no vote of yours, ;
and against your advice,) but possibly to exist as :
you may imagine, for the want of a previous !
restriction, which, if enacted, would be void for
the want of constitutional authority, and which I
would be open to repeal by Congress, or by the i
j! act of the people interested,—why, all we have to
;j say is, that, on this one subject, you have mars el-
ji ously susceptible consciences. God give you equal
-i susceptibility on matters of personal morality, and
j; emotion of heart and life.
I say, we are the majority; and if you cannot
keep that horse of yours at /tome, for home service,
we will not " read you out;" but we will say to
you, in all kindness, that it were best you should
join yourselves to the abolitionists. They are an
ambitious party, and will receive you, asking no
questions, provided you will profess the " one
idea," and give them your votes.
In the name of those who sent me here, I have
spoken the result of our political lucubrations in
Hoosierland. If you do not like it, there is no
harm done. We charge you nothing for it.
I have a few words to say, as of myself, and
without any special instruction; though I judge
perfectly in accordance with the views of those
who sent me here.
I wish to show, not only that there is no occasion
for the angry discussion of matters appertaining to
slavery, but moreover that there is no one section
of this Union whose people have any right to
assume the attitude of censors on the subject of
slavery, and deal out reproofs, reproaches, and
anathemas upon those who hold slaves, and do so
conscientiously.
New England and Old England instituted slavery
in the colonies before the Revolution. While New
England could take runi, and guns, and gunpow-
; der to Africa and barter them for negroes; take
I the negroes to the southern colonies and barter
them for cotton, sugar, indigo, and rice; take the
cotton, sugar, indigo, and rice to England and bar-
ter them for manufactures, and bring the manufac-
tures home and sell them—making four profits on
the capital invested, to wit: one profit on the rum,
guns, and gunpowder; another on the negroes;
another on the cotton,sugar, rice, and indigo; and
| a fourth on the manufactures; Nejv England not
j only did not allege aught against slaveholding, but
j she justified and maintained man-stealing. She
I moreover justified the selling of rum to poison the
;i poor Africans, and maintained, by the sale of guns
|i and gunpowder, the bloody and desolating wars
; in Africa which brought victims to your slave
1 marts.
j These things, sons of the Pilgrims, your fathers
I did. The thing worked in a circle. Their rum
; turned the African chief into a demon. To obtain
I more of the accursed fire, he would sell his own
:l people, or make war on a neighboring tribe, to
|j bring them to the slave ships of your fathers. The
slaves brought high prices in the South, where the
climate and soil made their labor more profitable
than in New England. Therefore, and not be-
cause they thought slavery an evil, which they
wished to keep far from them, they sold the ne-
groes in the South. The South had no ships; your
fathers had them, and therefore they received in
exchange for the negroes the products of the South,
and carried them abroad to exchange for manu-
factures to be sold at home. Though born in
j! Pennsylvania, I am a full-blooded Yankee; and I
j stand here, sustained by all history, and say our
! fathers were man-stealers. Some of them did not
j personally participate, but they stood by and said
j never a word for poor Africa. An advocate of the
| doctrine of national sins among you ought to go
| into sackcloth and ashes, on account of'this ini-
\ quity of our fathers.
I When, by importations, and by sending off her
j own household slaves to be sold at the South, the
market was £u!ly supplied, so that the ordinary
I increase of population would forever keep tile
! South full of slaves, and no more money could be
! made out of the slave trade, New England began
j to grow moral. In process of time, the slave trade
i was forbidden by the common consent of the South
i and the North.
j Now, if New England would go to the southern
I slaveholders and say, "Our fathers stole men,
women, and children in Africa, brought them
to this country, and sold them to your fathers; in
those dark days this was deemed to be right; but
now God requires all men everywhere to repent.
We are constrained to admit that our fathers were
piratical thieves, and that your fathers were no
better, for they were receivers. We must do
right, let what will come of it. The full price
which your fathers paid to our fathers for the ne-
groes has built up our cities and factories, and sent
