1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
our sails to be filled by every breoze of heaven.
You, too, have derived profits. Your slaves have
increased in number rather more than they have
decreased in value. .We must emancipate these
slaves. We will tax ourselves, and pay you half
price for your slaves, and let them go free;"—I
should speak well for her honesty and fairness.
New England forgets all the past. She forgets
even so much of the present as does not sustain
her position. She forgets that the present genera-
tion of slaveholders are neither thieves nor receiv-
ers; that slavery descended to them, and is fixed
upon them by laws and circumstances prohibiting
their sudden repeal or modification. She forgets
that her sons are "sharp at a bargain," and are
as much controlled by interest as any other people.
She forgets that mighty interests are involved in
this slavery question, and expects the South to be
as sacrificingly moral as she herself is when in-
terest and morality do not conflict. She cannot
ask or force the South to emancipate. But she
asks the South to submit to laws or policy which
will keep the volume of slavery forever pent up
within its present bounds, so as to force emanci-
pation by circumstances, and as the result of the
unhappy condition of both master and slave. How
would New England take it, if the South were to
demand that some great northern interest should
be thus strangled?
New England also demands such legislation as
shall admit of no other interpretation than as a
national sentence against the practice of holding
slaves. The South will not quarrel with any moral-
ist who will, in ordinary speech, or writing, con-
demn them on this point. But to ask them to sub-
mit to a national sentence, solemnly voted, and
recorded, in the form of an actof Congress, is ask-
ing what neither southern nor any other human
nature can endure. The foct is, New England is
not very charitable—does not " hope the best
things." New England is a very great part of the
world. Her people are a great people. They err,
however, in other respects as well as in repenting
of their neighbor's sins. They affect to act as the
vicegerents of Providence, in reference to the
slavery question. God governs the world. I rev-
erence New England—especially New Hampshire
and Maine, which have not yet been permanently
overrun with the spirit of self-righteousness and
vicarious repentance; but I scarce expect to be in-
vited within her borders to make political speeches,
and be dined and feted. No odds ! The blood of
her Barbers and Watsons is m my veins. God
bless her.
New York does not consider herself a part of
New England, though partially so considered in
my country, becau^p the blood of the Yankee has
almost entirely displaced that of the Knicker-
bocker.
New York xoas a great State. It has, however,
adopted—in part, at least—such opinions in refer-
ence to slavery as are impracticable and inconsist-
ent with the unity of the Democratic party, and
thus nullified herself as a Democratic State. Neb-
uchadnezzar was a great monarch. But he went
mad, and was turned out to grass. The low diet
proved salutary, and his reason returned. I be-
lieve I am prepared to turn New York out to grass.
Formerly, when New York spoke, I made a sign
to the Hoosiers to listen. But now it speaks so
strangely, that I say to it, " Signor Benedict! I
wonder you will be talking so. No one minds
you."
Mr. Speaker, during last Congress I repeatedly
heard the epithet " dough-face" flung out here—
aimed, as I understood it, at Democrats from the
<g e States who advocate opinions such as 1 have
to-day expressed. Something of the same kind,
if I mistake not, has fallen from the lips of one or
two members during the present session. When an
abolitionist takes occasion to be smart in that way,
I have no serious answer for him. I never hold
any grave discussion with any of them, because
their discussions run too much into rant and decla-
mation for an old-fashioned platform Democrat,
such as I am. When a Whig aims to be racy by
calling names—" dough-face'"—I do not hurl it
back in his face with unutterable scorn. No, sir!
I have no unutterable scorn. I can always give
expression to as much of that passion or sentiment
(which is it?) as I feel. I simply hand it back to
him, with the good-natured disregard of a man
conscious of rectitude and of patriotic motives, and
I say to him, Here, my friend, take this " dovgh-
face." The "face" you may dispose of at your
pleasure; but take good care of the " dough." It
will make a most appropriate conscience and creed*"
for the universal Whig party, as represented in its
head men, politicians, and general olio materia],
composed 'of New England Federalism, southern
and western Whigery, and seasoned with aboli-
tionism in the northern and western quarters, to
exactly suit the taste of " all inquiring friends."
And, sir, should any honorable member, calling
himself a Democrat, have occasion to use that epi-
thet as applicable to me, I hope he will give me
notice, so that I may give him my attention.
Then, if when he comes to the end of the sentence,
or paragraph, in which he uses the epithet, he will,
in conformity with the usual courtesy here, yield
me the floor for exactly a minute and a half, I
will, without offence, either give him an answer,
or tell a true story which wiU stand for an answer.
Mr. Speaker, my constituents have been expect-
ing me to make a war speech. But I have defer-
red doing so, lest I might retard the passage of
bills providing for carrying on the war. After the
treaty shall be ratified, or, that failing, after the
necessary bills for carrying on the war shall have
passed, 1 will, if I can obtain the floor, make a war
speech, expressive of my views upon the war and
all incidental topics. But, at present, I prefer
voting to speaking; and nothing would have tempt-
ed me to speak now, but that I saw that about so
much time would, in any event, be occupied by
this discussion, and I thought I might as well oc-
cupy the floor as a better man. Besides, sir, I
think that members from the northern slave States
and the southern free States, where the people are
not stark staring mad on this subject, but have all
their sober senses about them, ought to take the
floor whenever this subject comes up, and keep the
peace between the anti-slavery sons of the Pilgrims
and the Cavaliers, to each of whom this subject
seems to be one on which they delight to " pile up
the agony."
Occasionally I hear, in discussions and conver-
sations, threatsofadissolutionoftheUnion. These
threats generally come from New England, or from
the slave States on the Atlantic slope. From this,
one might infer that some of the old thirteen States
have been wedded so long, and experienced so
many family jars, as to have become disposed to
trifle with their marriage vow. In the middle and
western States a very different feeling prevails.
In the West, we consider the Union our all. New
England and the Atlantic slave States are far apart;
and we hope and believe that their mutual objur-
gations amount to no more than a scolding-match
between two querulous parties separated by an
impassable barrier. We are that barrier. We
guess there will be no fight; but, if there be one,
we are aware, that unless we of the middle and
western States take decided and high ground, our
territory will be the " debatable ground'' of a na-
tional passage at arms, as it now is of the slavery
agitation; and thus we shall be victimized in war
as we now are in politics. We shall tamely sub-
mit to nothing of the sort. It amuses us to hear
sons, who acknowledge that their fathers were
thieves, twit others with being the sons of receivers
or accessaries after the fact, and to hear these last
run into a defence of that for which their most le-
gitimate justification is, that they cannot help them-
selves. We do not believe that either mean half
they say. But just show us that you aie in earnest,
and I give you notice, on behalf of those who are
victimized by your unreasonable political squab-
bles, that when you dissolve the Union, you shall
not survey a boundary line through or near our
borders. We of the middle and western States
will stick to both of you like leeches. You, who
are so busy fomenting discontents on this subject,
may secede from the Union in welcome, and you
will not be much missed. But divide the Union
you shall not! "We swear it ! And if you talk
about a fight, I give you notice that you cannot
make the territory of the-middle States your battle-
field. If you refuse us sureties for the peace, and
go to loggerheads, you may catch a joint pummel-
mg at our hands. We are the backbone of the
Union, we would have you to know. A dissolu-
tion of the Union would ruin us; and we are re-
solved not to be rained. The southern free States,
the northern slave States, and the Mississippi val-
ley, can jog along together comfortably. They"
cannot and will not do without the union of the
State*. The middle States are waking up, and
beginning to understand this slavery agitation.
The western States hear the Union threatened,
and feel " wolfy." So look out, Messrs. Pilgrim
and Cavalier, or you will hear thunder!
I have a few words to say to these sam'e cava-
liers, and I will cease to speak. Your fathers were
the receivers of stolen property. No decent man
will reproach you with that. The ultra Calvinism
which construes literally, and in a damning sense,
the declaration that " the fathers have eaten sour
grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge,"
cannot now be found, except in the study of some
D. D., or in some other dark corner of the earth.
In the studies of the ordinary parochial clergy-
man, or circuit preacher, it is not now generally
to be found. Slaveholding is fixed upon you by
circumstances much more stubborn than are your
State laws. The Pilgrim Fathers stole this prop-
erty, and sold it to your fathers. Their sons, now-
a-days—some of them—think to make atonement
for the larceny of their fathers, by stealing back
some of the increase of this same property. Such
is their notion. Besides, having repented of all
their own sins, relieved all the distress in their
own vicinity, and acquired all possible moral
knowledge, they missionate with a view to find
sins to be repented of, distress to be relieved, and
ignorance to be enlightened. They find you in pos-
session of slaves,in the course of their charitable per-
ambulations, and come to the conclusion that in this
you are wrong. Located at a distance from you,
they do not naturally come into a knowledge of the
peculiar circumstances which make it impossible
for you to relieve yourselves of this evil. Instead
of making the matter a subject of friendly remon-
strance to you personally, they hold meetings at a
distance, and resolve and declaim against you, and
send madmen or bigots to the national councils to
agitate and denounce. If your slaves run off to them,
they hide them. Sometimes emissaries come from
among them, and steal your slaves. All this is very
provoking. If loud complaining would cure the
evil, I would say, shout your complaints. But it does
no good. These circumstances are as stubborn as
are the circumstances which fix slaveholding upon
you. All the non-slaveholding States and people
are not arrayed against you. Many even of those
who, by their sermons, speeches, and conversa-
tions, encourage the larcenies of which-you com- _
plain, do not mean to produce that effect. Those in
the non-slaveholding States, who understand the
matter, and are prepared to sustain all your rights,
have no special or personal interest in doing so,
and are therefore rather sluggish in moving: while
they who are against you, hkeall'men moie or less
imbued with any "single idea," are active,energet-
ic, and ubiquitous. These, also, are circumstances
which no efforts of yours can modify. Your best
reliance is upon the Constitution, and those who
judicially administer it. It is not always an indi-
cation that the people of a Congressional district
are unconstitutionally hostile to your interests,
that their representative here promulges unconsti-
tutional dogmas. The advocates of the " one idea"
are, as I have said, active, energetic, and_ubiqui-
tous. They are, moreover, Jesuitical, in 'the bad
sense of the term. Fifty of them, who do not
openly act with the abolitionists, will do wonders
in a Congressional district. If their representative
here does his duty to the Union, by speaking and
voting against their opinions, they know how to
attack him. Suppressing the true reason of their
hostility, they will unitedly and simultaneously
throw into circulation considerations, true or false,
or partly both, calculated to produce general im-
pressions against him. With much personal pop-
ularity, and general acquaintance with the people
of his district, he may sustain himself for a time;
but, in the end, he will probably fall, (not gener-
ally, however, to be succeeded by a man of " one
idea,") and he, and he only, will know the dirty
agency which has subverted him. A politician who
thinks only of achieving an election; who under-
values his personal independence; and who either
knows not of, or cares not for, the mischief his
course will work to the Union, to his political party,
and to the States, will generally condescend to gi ve
some sort of assurance to the professors of the
" one idea," to secure their active services m pro-
ducing his nomination and election. Wken he
comes here, he must redeem it. The mass of his
constituents, who disapprove of his votes or couise,
havin"' many ideas, do not lay much stress on the
matter: They may write to him, expressing their
