676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
T P Sanger, asking payment of a balance due
under a contract for carrying the United States
mail; which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post-Roads. .
Mr. CAMERON presented amemonal from the
Professors of the National Medical College of
Washington, asking an appropriation for the hos-
pital in this city; which was read, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
[This memorial shows that the Faculty of this
college, at great expense and personal sacrifice,
supplied the means to open one half of the present
building as an infirmary, and the other as a dis-
pensary, trusting to be able to sustain the institu-
tion from fees derived from those able to pay; but,
so far from that, they ha-ve been obliged to keep j
it up by their own private means until the present
time. After having expended more than $5,000
from their private resources, independent of gratu-
itous medical and surgical attendance to some four
hundred patients, they now say they find the bur-
* den too onerous to be longer continued. In speak-
ing of the institution, the memorialists say that
it has been made the asylum for the broken-down
sailor and wounded soldier, and has become rather
a national than a local institution, in the different
wards of which have been found lepresentatives
from almost every State in theUnion. The Facul-
ty still admit their readiness to give their time and
attendance gratuitously, but can no longer supply
the necessary funds to sustain the institution.]
-Mr. MASON presented a memorial from the
Hartford Argillo Manufacturing Company , asking
an examination and test of a certain material man-
ufactured by said company to be used m lieu of
marble; which was ordered to be referred to a se
words in explanation; and after a few words from
Mr. CLAYTON, the memorials were referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution requiring the
Secretaiy of War to purchase 5,000 of Colt's re-
peating pistols, accompanied by a report; the joint
resolution was read a first time.
SMr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on House
bill foj the relief of the heirs of Rignald alias Nick
Hillary.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of William Lee;
which was read a first time.
Mr. HANNEGAN, in pursuance of notice, in-
troduced a bill in addition to an act therein men-
tioned .
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, it was
Resohei, That the Committee on Printing be instructed to
inquire into the cau-fs of the delay in executing the printing
from time to time ordered hy the Senate, and leport what
measures, i f any, the Senate should adopt in relation thereto.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON,
RcscUed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be sen t to the Senate a copy of the opinion
of the Attorney General, with copies of the accompanying
papeis, on the chum made hy the Choctaw Indian* lor five
thousand dollar*, with t'ie interest thereon fiom the date of
the transfer, henig the difference between the last of the
?toek and tne p.ir value thereof, transferred to them b\ the
Chickasaws, under Uie convention of 17th January, 1837.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called the attention of the
Senate to the fact that a bill had been passed in the
other House, and reported from the Committee on
    r Naval Affairs in this body withoutamendment,for
lect committee, to consist of three members, to be j| the relief of David Myerlee. He desired to have
the bill recommitted, from the fact that he had re-
ceived a memorial from a certain firm, stating that
Myerlee was insolvent, and had refused to pay them
any portion of the money he would receive by the
contemplated bit),although they had furnished Mr.
Myerlee all the means to meet his engagements.
They ask that the bill may be so amended as to
allow them to receive what is just, or the money
retained in the treasury until snch time as their
claim can be litigated.
The bill was recommitted with theaccompanying
documents to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill to require holders of military land war-
rants to compensate the land officers of the United
States for services in relation to the Jocation of
those warrants, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. CASS moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill relating to California
claims.
Mr. HALE hoped that the Senate would not
proceed to the consideration of that bill. There
was another matter legitimately before the body,
appointed by the Chair,
[This memorial states; that although this man-
ufacture is in its infancy, it can now be furnished
as cheaply as the finest marble, which it is destined
entirely to supersede. It is a preparation ot clay,
by chemical agency, of great durability and in-
tense hardness, exhibiting the high polish and
lustre of the precious stones, being susceptible of
every variety of hue, is of unsurpassed and per-
manent brilliancy, and cannot be equalled in prac-
tical use. The memorialists ask no patronage
from the Governmentin advance, being convinced
that, after examination and test, it will at once be
introduced in all the public buildings in lieu of |
marble.] 1
Mr. CLAYTON presented two memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking that Congress :
will construct a post route through the State of'
New Jersey, in order to do away with what is ;
termed a monopoly of certain railroad and canal
companies, by means of which the State of New
Jersey imposes an exorbitant tax on citizens of
other States.
Mr. CLAYTON made a brief explanation of I' to wit> the bill which he had asked leave to intro-
the object of the memorials, which was, to obtain i> duce, and for which he had been denounced as a
a remedy against the extortionate rates imposed by !{ maniac on one sule, an enemy of the Constitution
the railroad companies in the State of Sew Jersey, ! na
on passengers, citizens of other States, between
the cities of Philadelphia and New York. A dis- '
tinction was made in favor of the people of New
Jersey travelling from one part of the interior of
the State to another. j
Mr. DAYTON expressed regret that the Sena-
tor from Delaware had called public attention to ,
these memorials. The fact is, that this is simply a |
dispute between rival companies, and not a matter j
calling for the interposition of Congress. He vin- i
dicated the State from any desire to countenance i
improper rates of travel, as it merely derived a
revenue of-ten cents payable for every passenger, j
which amounted only to a moderate State tax.
Mr. MILLER also stated, that the moderate
tax of,ten cents for each passenger constituted all I
the interest which the State of New Jersey had in i
these railroads. He regretted that the Senator !
from Delaware should have thought proper to !
brin<r before Congress a matter exclusively per-
taining to citizens ofNew Jersey, and which might
be settled without the interposition of the United
States.
Mr. CLAYTON, in reply, read from the me-
morials, and also quoted from the letters in which
they were transmitted to him, for the purpose of
showing the extent of the impression made on the
publiemind by the conduct pursued by the railroad
companies in New Jersey.
Mr. MILLER and Mr. DAYTON said a few
on the other, and as guilty of highway robbery by
a "third party." These denunciations had gone j
forth on the wings of the press to the four corners '
of the earth, and he considered it but an act of
justice on the part of the Senate to proceed with .
that bill, in order that the world might see with J
what justness such charges had been made. He '■
desired to have at least the vote of the Senate on !
the subject, by yeas and nays. !
The question having been taken on the motion j
of Mr. Cass, it was decided in the affirmative: j
Ayes 25, noes 9. i
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS. !
The Senate then took up the bill relating to !
California claims, the question pending being tire I
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs !
abolishing the board of commissioners, and substi- j
tuting Colonel Fremont and two other officers to !
examine the claims, &c.
j Mr. CASS said, the committee had reported the
i amendment for the purpose of obviating all objec-
: tions, and he hoped the Senate would be disposed
j to acquiesce in the report.
j Mr. MASON. I am unable to perceive that the
i objection which I presented to this bill, a few days
| since, has been in the slightest degree obviated by
| the amendment which has just been read. The
| objection which I urged was, that the bill created
' offices, and appointed certain officers to fill them,
I which was in violation of the Constitution. The
' honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. But-
ler,] who, as everybody knows, is a very able
jurist, at once took the distinction, so well known
to the common law, between an "office" and an
j "employment." That was met by the Senator
i from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] who en-
deavored to show that this mode of appointing
officers was sanctioned by legislative and judicial
precedents, o/ which he cited -several examples.
Deeming this a matter of vital importance, inas-
much as it is of the highest moment that we should
not trench upon the lights of the Executive, I have
taken some pains to look into these precedents,
and into the authorities generally; and the result
of that investigation has satisfied me that the sup-
! posed precedents are altogether unsatisfactory.
The bill originally proposed to create a board by
name, to nomine, consisting of Lieutenant Colonel
Fremont and two other officers of a certain class.
The objection made was, that that involved the
creation of an office, and by law appointed officers,
with thedpty of adjudicating certain claims against
the United States. Now, the amendment proposes,
not to create a board eo nomine, but that the unas-
certained claims shall not be paid unless they have
been previously examined and allowed by three
gentlemen whose names are given—John Charles
Frgmont, Captain Hensley, and Major Eddie. The
amendment further provides, that these gentlemen
who are thus to examine these claims, shall be com-
I pensated according to their respective ranks in the
! late California battalion. What, then, does the
! amendment provide ? Why, substantially the very
j same thing which was provided in the original bill
i —that these claims are to be examined, adjudica-
| ted, and determined upon evidence which shall be
1 laid before these individuals; and, when ascertained
I by them to be correct, shall be paid, without fur-
j ther inquiry, by a proper disbursing officer, out of
I the public treasury. Now, I cannot for my life
see any shadow of difference in the substance of
this thing, whether you call these three gentlemen
examiners of claims, or a " board," as they were
styled in the original bill. It is further provided
in the amendment, that all claims shall be barred,
which are not presented to these officers for their
examination within one and a half years after the
passage of the bill. Thus, during that year and a
i half, these gentlemen are to continue in the employ-
| ment of the Government, I say in office under the
' Government, at a fixed rate of compensation, to be
paid them for the discharge of the duties of that
office. Now, the precedents cited by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, on a former day, were,
as far I could understand, in every instance, prece-
dents of mere employment, not of office, by which
certain persons were engaged to discharge a cer-
tain specified duty, and the employment was to
cease when that duty had been performed He cited
cases of artists employed to paint pictures, and ex-
ecute statuary for the decoration of this Capitol. I
have not now the list of cases cited by the gentle-
man, but I recollect that amongst them was one in
which he conceived that the very case now before us
was presented. It was the case of Mr. Choteuu,
who was employed to visit the western Indians and
conduct a deputation from them to the seat of Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, I find in the horn book of the law—and
this is purely a legal question—that Blackstone thus
defines the meaning of the term " office
"An office is a right to exercise a public or private em-
ployment, and to take tlie fees and emoluments theieto he-
longing—whether public,as tho&e of magistrates ; or private,
as bailiff>, or leceivers, and the like.''
" Every *znan is a public officer, who has any duty con-
cerning the public ; mid he is not the le&b a public officer*
when his authority ]•, confined to narrow limits; because
it b the duty and the nature of the dutv, which makes him
a public officer; and not the extent of his authority,"
So much for the meaning of the term "office."
Now, to distinguish between an "office" properly
such, and a mere- "employment," I will take the
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] back to the black letter, m the times of
Charles the Second, and refer him to a case de-
cided in the King's Bench in 1658, reported in 2d
Siderpin, page 142, where the Chief Justice (Glyri)
thus strikingly draws the distinction. He says :
cc I hold in this ch^c, that the grant by the word 'conces-
simu>' to Sir John Oatus is (rood. I consider that the prece-
dentx Cited arc not to th'1 point; they not pertaining to office,
but an employment, and that there is more than a verbal dis-
tinction between them."
"Now, to explain my distinction between an office and an
employment, I hold that although every office be an employ-
ment, yet, e converse, every employment is not an office. As,
if I agree with one to make my hay, or to plough my land,
