1848;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
or to herd my flock, these are employments, and'differ from
the duties of my manor, which is an ojfb.e."
The difference between a " duty continuing"
and a duty which ends when the particular object
is attained, is here strikingly drawn. In the State
of Mame, I find that there was a decision of the
judges on this point, which I have examined with
some care, and which I think fully sustains the
view which I have presented. It will be found
reported in 3d Greenleaf, page 482. The question
submitted to the judges of "the Supreme Court of
that State, by its Governor; was, whethex-, an
agent appointed by him for the preservation of the
timber on the public lands was to be considered
an officer, within the meaning of the constitution
of that State; and, by the unanimous opinion "of
the judges, it was decided that he was not: then
such agent held no "office," but merely an "em-
ployment," under the State. The judges say :
1 "There is a manifest difference between ail 'office5 and
'employment' under the Government. We apprehend that
the term (office' implies a delegation of a portion of the
sovereign power to, and a possession of it by, tlic: person
filling the office."
I find the same distinction taken in a case de-
cided by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania—
" Binns's case," reported in I7th Sergeant and
Rawle. Binns had been appointed by Mr. Clay,
when Secretary of State, to print certain public
papers, &c., for that department, being at that time
<Lii alderman of Philadelphia- and the question was,
■whether this appointment by LVlr. Clay made him
an officer of the Federal Government.
^t was decided by a majority of the court, that
it was a mere employment, and not an office, and
the case in Siderpin was referred to for the dis-
tinction.
I apprehend, then, if there be any foundation
for this distinction, resting upon the authorities I
have cited, that it at once disposes of the whole
class of cases of " employment" cited by my hon-
orable friend from North Carolina,. The painting
of pictures, execution of statuary, the pompilation
of State papers, are "employments" properly
within that term.
Then, as to Choteau's case, also cited by the
Senator from North Carolina—it is found in the
law of appropriations for Indian annuities, &c.,
passed July 7, 1838—in which, amongst a long
series of appropriations, is the following, viz:
#20,000
For expenses of mission of A. 1*. Chot<-au amongst the
•wild mhos of the «outlnve?t, including his outfit, and the
expenditure growing out of, and connected with, bringing
on deputations of said tribes, which he had been authorized
to do."
And this is cited by the honorable Senator, as
an instance where one by law was clothed with an
office, or made an officer, as is proposed by the
bill under consideration.
Now, I understand that the intercourse with the
Indians is a matter purely pertaining to the Exec-
utive. The President is the organ of intercourse
with those tribes as he is that of foreign nations.
It is an Executive function; and when he deems it
right and proper to conduct deputations from those
Indian tribes to the seat of Government, he can
give the necessary orders to that effect. He re-
ports the fact to Congress, and an appropriation is
made to defray the expenses. I cannot then per-
ceive any analogy between the case cited and that
now before the Senate. There was another case
presented by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, which struck me with some force at the
time, and of which I have made' an attentive ex-
amination. I refer to the act of Congress, Septem-
ber, 1789, by which it was enacted:
" That the establishment contained in the resolve of the
late Congrtjfs of the 3d October, 1787, except as to the mode
of appointing: the officers, and also as hereinafter provided,
be and the same is hereby recognized to be the establish-
ment for the troops in the service of the United States."
The "resolve of the late Congress," thus referred
to, was a resolution of the old Congress under
the articles of Confederation, and will beffound in
their Journals, voiume 4th, pages 786-7, in these
words:
"Resoled, That seven hundred non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates be raided for the term of three years, unless
sooner discharged,"
which were to be furnished in certain proportions
by certain States.
In 1789, the Federal Government had been or-
ganized under the present Constitution, and this
recognition of a levy of troops merely by a resolve
of the old Congress the Senator eanstrues into a
legislative appointment of all the officers who were
to command those troops. Surely the honorable
Senator could not have read attentively the Jaw
which he quoted, or he could not fail to see that
the point for which he cited it is strongly against
him—the law, in express terms, excepting " the
mode of appointing the officers," which was to
conform to the provisions of the Constitution, then
recently adopted. So muah, sir, for the prece-
dents cited by the Senator from North Carolina.
1 now come to the case "cited by* the honorable
Senator from Texas—the case of the mail con-
tractors. A resolution or law passed the two
Houses of Congress, referring a matter'in dispute
between these contractors and the Government—
to whom? To an officer of the Government—the
Solicitor of the Treasury. Does any one doubt,
has it ever been doubted, that the Congress of the
United States have authority to prescribe new du-
ties to existing officers, provided these duties are
not inconsistent with the rights of the officer for
the time being* That was all that was done in
the case in question. The Solicitor of the Treas-
ury is an officer of the Government; and the fust
question before the court was, whether the Post-
master General could exercise any discretion in
carrying out this law of Congress—whether, vir-
tute officii, he could exercise that power; and the
next question was, whether the district court of
the District of Columbia could exercise jurisdic-
tion in the case by writ of mandamus.
Mr. RUSK, will the Senator allow me to ask
a single question? i desire to ask if, when an act
of Congress is brought before the Supreme Court,
it would not be wanting in duty, if it failed to in-
quire into the constitutionality of that act?
Mr. MASON. I would answer the Senator by
stating, that whether the Supreme Court of the
United Stales would or would not inquire into the
constitutionality of the act would depend upon the
preliminary inquiry whether any constitutional
question was raised in^the case. If there was a
constitutional question raised, and it was relevant
to the matter at issue, i take it for grants that the
Supreme Court would determine it. In the case
alluded to, the Senator relies upon a loose expres-
sion of one of the judges who delivered the opin-
ion, that it was competent to Congress to devolve
the duty upon that officer or anybody else.
Mr. RUSK. Three of the judges made use of
that expression.
Mr. MASON. It is perfectly immaterial. The
honorable Senator well knows, that when you in-
voke a precedent, and rely upon it as authority,
you must have a case where the point in question
is directly adjudged. These loose dicta of the
judges, if relied upon as precedents, and more es-
pecially in constitutional questions, will lead us
Heaven knows where.
There was another case cited by the Senator
from Noith Carolina, in which certain duties were
devolved upon the judges. The court considered
the act, and decided that it was perfectly compe-
tent to the legislative branch to accumulate any
duties they thought proper upon the existing offi-
cers of the Government; to prescribe new duties
to the Judiciary, although it were a coequal de-
partment of the Government, provided the duties
prescribed were of a judicial character. But in the
case cited, the court decided, and, as I apprehend,
correctly, that the duties prescribed by the act
were not judicial. When they had so decided,
they had done all that jud icially came before them.
What then? They determined, as benevolent and
patriotic men, that although they were not bound
by law to discharge these duties, yet that they
would, for the purpose of carrying out the benev-
olent designs of the law makers; and they say
further in this recital, that the duties would be dis-
charged by them gratuitously. Having first pro-
j tested against any right on the part of the legisla-
| ture to impose such duties upon them, they say
j that they will act as commissioners, in order to
! carry out the views of Congress. I apprehend
! that this case does not present any authority for
! the position taken by the honorable Senator from
I North Carolina. Surely he cannot mean to affirm
that this is a judicial exposition of the right of
Congress to create an officer.
But, sir, on this whole subject of precedent, I
enter a protest. I am free to admit that the opin-
ions of Judges and Senators with respect to the
Constitution have great weight, but no authority.
I deny that the precedents cited are to be regarded
as authoritative in this case, t hold it to bfe as
much the duty of the Senate to respect the rights
of the Executive as it is to take care that the Ex-
ecutive does not trench upon theirs. If it is true
that this is an office, properly such, within- the
meaning of the Constitution, it is our duty to avoid
doing violence to that Constitution, and-interferirig
with a power that does not belong- to us—the-
power of appointment to office.
We are to inquire from the nature and extent of
the duties to be imposed in this case, whether they
come within the legal meaning of the term "office.
Nothing is changed in the amendment but the lan-
guage of the bill. Precisely the same trust is ex-
pressed. Duties to the same extent are devolved.
The same amount of money is to be passed upon
and adjudicated—to be disbursed, in fact, by the
persons named, though they are not to pay it out
with their own hands. They are to be compen-
sated for the discharge of those duties. They are
to continue in offiee, if necessary, for eignteen
months. What are their duties ? Wh\&, to pass
upon a series of unliquidated claims, the character
of which are unknown to us—in the territory of
California, some three thousand miles distant—and
their adjudication is to be final; because, upon a
decision of the majority of these gentlemen, the
money is to be paid. If this be not an office within
the definition of the Maine judges, I do not know
what is. The expenditure of such a large sum
of money on account of claims assumed ex gratia
by this country is a grave affair. It should be
intrusted to a board of officers appointed in the
manner prescribed by the Constitution. All the
safeguaids which the Constitution has thrown
around the public treasury should be respected in
this instance. Certainly, I cannot be supposed to
imply any distrust of the gentlemen named in the
bill, not one of whom have I the pleasure of know-
ing at all. When I speak of safeguards, I mean
those legislative safeguards provided by the Con-
stitution and the laws, and which are always
regarded when expenditure of public money is
involved.
If the Senate reject the amendment reported by
the committee, I shall offer one with the view of
creating this board in the usual manner, giving the
power necessary to adjudicate these claims, and
placing the appointment of the members of the
board, where t contend the Constitution has placed
it, in tl\e hands of the President and Senate.
Mr. BADGER replied to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, stating that the effect of the disregard of pre-
cedents evinced by that Senator, if sanctioned by
the Senate, would be to throw all our legislation
into confusion and disorder. He maintained that
all the precedents were in favor of the power of
Congress in this case—the case of C. Gratiot and
others, appointed a board of commissioners to in-
vestigate claims against the United States, espe-
cially bearing; on this question. He admitted the
justness of the distinction laid down between an
office and a special employment, but contended
that this was in favor of the provision of the bill,
which looked only to the requisition of certain
specified duties, on the Completion of which', the
services of the individuals in this matter would be
dispensed with.
Mr. BENTON rose and said: The amendment
reported by the committee proceeds upon the prin-
ciple that the claims in California heretofore ascer-
tained and allowed by the officers under whom
they originated shall be forthwith paid, and those
not ascertained shall not be'paid until examined
and allowed by the same officers. Mr. FrSmonfc'
and his staff officers allowed those which are as-
certained; the same officers, by the amendment,
are to allow the remainder before they can be paid.
This is the principle of the amendment. Itappoints
nobody to do anything; it only names the persons
without whose examination and allowance the un-
adjusted claims shall not be paid. They were
officers of the battalion under whom the claims
originated and were settled, as far as that has been
done, and whose legal capacity to pass upon the
claims is revived and continued, if the Government
chooses to have the claims examined before they
are paid, or chooses to save the parties from com-
ing from California to Washington to solicit pay-
ment individually from Congress. That they are
the proper persons to allow or reject these claims,
and the only ones who can do it with justice to the
United States and to the claimants, is manifested
from the depositions, where their knowledge of the
