1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Carolina to move an amendment, and not to go on
with^he general discussion. He thought he had
the right to insist that the previous question should
be moved.
Mr. McKAY promised not to consume more of
the time of the House.
;Mr. WOODWARD asked whether, if, upon a
return to the peace establishment, and the reduc-
tion of the number of the general officers, it should
be found that more general officers should be need-
ed, he would apprcafe of new appointments in the
placeof the majorgenerals and brigadiers dismissed?
That was what he apprehended.
Mr. McKAY said everybody knew that the ten
additional regiments, with all their officers, were
to be discharged on the conclusion-of a peace; it
therefore would become necessary to determine if
a larger peace establishment should be maintained
than that which we have heretofore had. When
peace was made, and this question came up for
consideration, Congress could determine whether
there should be two major generals or only one.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, and in the mean time
one of them will be dismissed.
Mr. McKAY (being again appealed to by Mr.
King, of Georgia) submitted his amendment, to
strike out the word " repealed," and insert " be
and the same is hereby suspended for three months
from and after the ratification of a treaty of peace
with Mexico;" and then he renewed the motion
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The main question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment moved by Mr. McKay. It was decided by
yeas and nays m the negative: Yeas 80, nays 101.
The question was then stated on the engross-
ment of the bill; when—
Mr. McLANE moved lo lay the bill on the
table, and wished to say that he should vote to
continue two major generals, but he was unwilling
to separate major generals and brigadier generals
from other officers who had accepted promotion on
, the war tenure.
The motion to lay on the table was decided in
thfl.negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beale, Bingham,Birdsolf, Bowdon, Bow.
lin, Boyd, William G. Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Franklin Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Collins, Cuinnnns, Darnel, Dickinson, Dunn, Farun,
FiCkiin, French, Gidilmgs, Willard P.Hall.Hammons, Hen
ley, Hill, George S. Houston, Jameson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, Itobm W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kautmau,
Konnon, Lahm, La Sdre, William T. Lawrence, Sidney
Lawrence, LL'nn. Lumpkin, lYIeClelhind.MeClernand,Mc-
Dowell, McKay, MeLane, Job Mann, Horace Mann, Miller,
Morris, Morse, Pcaslee, l'cck, IVti ic, Peyton, Phelps, Pills-
bury, Robinson, Roekhill, Sawyer, Sims, Smart, Robert
Smith, Starkweather, Charles JB. Viltiai t, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, It. A. Thompson. William Thompson, Thurston,
Venable, Woutworth, and Wiley—7:t.
NAY 8—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashman, Barringer, Bar
row, Bayly, Bf-riinger, lirlelier, Hlanchaui, llocoek, Botts,
Boydon. Biady, Uuckner, Hurt, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Cath-
' cart, Chapman, Cliligman, Cooke, Collnmer, Con«er, Crans-
ton, Qrisfield, Crowell,Ciozier, Dickey, Donnell, Duer, Ed-
wards, Ettthree, Alexander Evans, JVaihan Evans, Fanelly,
Fisher, Froedlny, Fulton, Gaines, Gaylo, Gott,' Gregory,
Grinnell, Hale, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Han is,
Henry, Milliard, Isaac E. Holmes, Elias 11. Holmes, John W.
Houston, Hubbard, Hunt, Ina:e, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph
R. ingersoll, iveison, John W.Jones, Kellogg, Thomas B.
King, Daniel P. King, Leflier, Levin, Lincoln, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Marvin, Morelu-ad, Mtillm, Nelson, Nes, Newall,
Outlaw, Palfrey, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rock-
well, J. A. Rockwell, Roman, Runisey, Shepperd, Sherrill,
Simpson, Slingerlatid, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Strohui, Tallmadge, Tailor, Thibotleau,\,
Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tompkins,
Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, and
Wilson—-1U5.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. BOTTS moved the previous question.
Mr. SIMS rose to a question of order; and in-
quired of the Chair whether a bill could be read a
third time on the same day it was reported?
The CHAIR referred him to the rule which for-
bids this being done, unless by unanimous consent
of the House: and observed that even with that
consent, this bill could not now receive its "third
reading, inasmuch as it was not yet engrossed.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
' proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table, and the orders of the day.
The motion was rejected—the yeas being 82,
nays 98. ■
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to refund money for ex-
penses incurred, subsistence, or transportation fur-
nished for the use of volunteers during the pres-
ent war, before being mustered and received into
the service of the United States. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. BOYD, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the payment of a company of Indian
volunteers called into the service of the United
States. Read and committed.
Also,from thesamecommittee,madean adverse
report on the resolution of the House of January
17, 1848, relative to the expediency of amending
the "Act toprovideforraisingaregimentof mount-
ed riflemen, and establishing military stations on
the route to Oregon," approved May 9,1846, so
as to provide for the discharge of non-commis-
sioned officers and privates of said regiment on the
termination of the war with Mexico. Laid on the
table.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill prescribing the age
at which candidates for the appointment of mid-
shipmen in the navy may enter the naval school,
and the number and mode of appointing midship-
men in the navy, and for other purposes;
A bill to provide for a retired list in the naval
service;
A bill providing for the construction of twenty
sloop-of-war brigs; .
A bill for the relief of the legal owners of the
ship James Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of Captain Lewis Warring-
ton and others; which several bills were read and
committed.
AMERICAN HEMP.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
reported a joint resolution authorizing the Secreta-
ry of the Navy to make contracts for hemp for the
use of the navy of the United Slates.
Mr. K. asked to have the joint resolution put
upon its passage.
Mr. KING explained. This bill was an exact
transcript of a bill which had passed the Senate
for the spme object, and would no doubt have pass-
ed the House it'it could have been reached. The
object to be provided for was a very important one,
and he hoped the bill might be put upon its passage
at once.
Mr. THOMAS said there was, he believed, now
on the Speaker's table a bill precisely like this;
was it in order to take up this bill at all ?
Mr. KING had already stated that it was a
transcript of the Senate's bill; but owing to the
present indisposition of the House to take up bills
on the Speaker's table, it was impossible to get
at it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected to
the bill being read a third tune; and as it required
unanimous consent, it could not be put upon its
passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, remonstrated with Mr.
Thompson, urging him to withdraw his objection.
The hemp interest was one of great importance, as
well to our navy as to our commeieial marine, and
one in which the West felt a deep concern. He
trusted the bill would not be objected to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that
there was already a bill of the same character lying
with other matter on the Speaker's table. The
Democratic side of the House had tried repeatedly
to take up bills so situated, but the majority had
as often defeated the attempt. He was desirous
of having all the bills which had been accumulating
on the table of the Speaker taken up and disposed
of. But, if he understood the present motion of
the chairman of the Naval Committee, it was, in
effect, to give preference to one of the bills there
locked up by introducing and passing an exact tran-
script of it, thereby taking up one of the Senate
bills out of its order. To this he was opposed;
and could not, therefore, withdraw his objection.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Chair whether
such a proceeding as was now attempted was in
order ?
The CHAIR replied that it was acquainted with
no rule of order forbidding it. There was no rule
which prohibited bills in identically the same form
being brought into both Houses. The question
would be on the engrossment of this bill.
Mr. T. BUTflLER KING moved the previous
question; which motion was seconded by ayes 93,
noes 19.
The previous question was accordingly put and
earned; the main question being on the engross-
ment of the bill, was carried, and thebill ordered to
be engrossed. ■ . .
Mr. KING pressed for the question on its pas-
sage; but the Chair stating that the bill had not yet
been engrossed—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected to
the question being put. «
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Edmund L.
DuBarry,and a bill for the relief of Edward Myers.
Read and committed.
Mr. CABELL, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution, authorizing theaccounting
officers of the treasury, charged with the settlement
of the accounts of the navy, to settle and pay the
expenses of the United States ship Macedonian on
her recent voyage to Ireland and Scotland. Read
and committed. 1
Mr. TUCK, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Lot Davis; a bill for the relief
of William Gove; a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Cressy; a bill in amendment of an act concerning
naval pensions and the pension fund, approved
June 30,1834; which bills were severally read and
committed.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joshua
Dodge. Read and committed.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Peter Parker
and Jacob L. Martin. Read and committed.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the.Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on
the petitions of M. A. Richard, Drusilla Bukey,
A. P. Campbell, A. Garlick, J. Gere, L. Van
Dyke, and C. KelJar. Laid on the table.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of Sarah
White, and a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Wil*-
hamson. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions were discharged from the
resolution of the House of February 14, 1848, rel-
ative to extending the benefits of the act of June 7,
1832, to the officers and soldiers who served in the
Indian campaigns under Generals Clarke, St.
Clair, Harmer, and Wayne; and it was laid on the
table.
Mr. C. asked the unanimous consent of the
House to make Senate bill No. 62, being a bill
granting pensions to the widows and or§hans of
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates of the army of the United Slates who have
died in Mexico, the special order of the day for
this day week. He would only remark that this
was an important bill to many unfortunate persons
in the community. He feared if it was not made
a special order that it would not be reached during
the present session of Congress; and he would ask
the House to devote one day in healingj so far as-
they could, the broken and bleeding hearts of the
widows and orphans of the gallant men who had
fallen in Mexico*.
Mr. VINTON said that several of the appropri-
ation bills were yet unacted on, and it was proba-
ble that the present fiscal year would expire before
they could be passed; and he should object to
making additional special orders to those already
existing until the appropriation bills were passed.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
petitions of A. M. Dade, widow of the late Major
F. L. Dade, and William Pelfrey. Laid on the
table.
Mr. DONNELL, from the same «ommittee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Henry
Freeman, Hannah Weston, Catharine Riddle, Es-
ther Bartlett, Lydia Shurtliff, Nancy King, and
Henry Johnson. Laid on the table.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of Polly Aid-
rich. Read and committed.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting pensions to the surviving
petty officers, seamen, and marines, who, under
the command of Captain Steplien Decatur, jr.,
captured and* destroyed the frigate Philadelphia in
the harbor of Tripoli on the night of the 16th of
February, 1804. Read twice.
Mr. CUMMINS explained the object and pro-
visions of the bill. Its object was to place upon
the pension roll the surviving petty officers, sea-
men, and marines of the crew of the Intrepid, in
which the gallant Decatur had boarded and burnt
the frigate Philadelphia in the harbor of Tripoli.
