684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
This subject had been before Congress for a quar-
ter of a century past, and had in every instance
been favorably reported upon in both branches of
the Legislature; yet no bill had been passed, and
why? °lt might seem strange that, when both
Houses had so long concurred in a desire to make
suitable provision for these brave and meritorious
men, nothing should have been done. But the
reason was.soon explained. The object of every
bill heretofore reported had been to distribute
among the survivors of the crew engaged in that
heroic transaction about one hundred thousand
dollars in prize-money, according to the provisions
of the prize laws. And all the committees had
split upon the same difficulty in the case, viz: the
mode of such distribution. No objection had ever
been raised against the equity of the claim. How
could there be? But all the difficulty lay in the
shape of the law to satisfy it. Neither Decatur
himself, nor any one of those who served under
his command in that daring exploit, had received
a dollar of the prize-money they had earned at
such imminent hazard of their lives. It seemed
as if the very magnitude and brilliancy of their
achievement had operated as an obstacle to their
getting anything from their country in the shape
of reward.
The present bill avoided the fatal obstacle which
had preventecl the success of all previous attempts
to do justice in this case. It proceeded 011 a new
ground. It provided for no distribution of prize
money at all, but substituted for such a distribu-
tion the placing of the names of the survivors of
that gallant crew upon the pension roll.
It might be objected that it contained no provis-
ion for the benefit of the officer^, but only for the
crew. The officers would "be entitled to a larger
allowance. That was very true; but the bill pur-
posely omitted their case, and allowed to the sur-
viving petty officers,seamen, and marines, the same
rate of wages as they were receiving at the time of
the capture of the frigate.
And why did it make no provision for the offi-
cers? The answer would be found in a document
Mr. C. held in his hand, and which he had ob-
tained at the department. It was a list of the crew
of the Intrepid. Besides Decatur there were three
other lieutenants, viz: Lawrence, Bainbridge, and
Power. Decatur was dead, and his lady put on
the roll of pensioners, in which capacity she had
drawn s#me $10,000 out of the treasury. Law-
rence also was dead, and his widow pensioned.
Bainbridge was dead, and his surviving child was
enjoying a pension. Power, too, was deceased,
and his child was provided for in like manner.
So there were no surviving lieutenants to be pro-
vided for by this bill. Of midshipmen there had
been seven. .
[Mr. C. here read a list of their names also, and
stated that these were all dead but one, and either
their widows or children were on the pension list.
The sole survivor was now m employment by the
Navy Department.]
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, put some query
to Mr. Cummins, and the latter made explanations
in reply; but the conversation was inaudible at the
reporter's seat.
Mr. C. went on to show that no injustice would
be done by the bill to the officers whose surviving
relatives had been provided for by the laws of the
land. But the case of the crew, consisting of petty
officers, sailors, and marines, was a clear omission;
they had received neither pension nor prize-money,
nor were they likely to receive any, unless some-
thing should be done speedily in their behalf.
Various reports had been made oiv the case,
some of them very able, especially the one by Mr.
Patlon, of Virginia, who had shown very clearly
the difficulty of suitably distributing the prize-
money among the various claimants entitled to re-
ceive it. It had been contended that the money
must go according to the provision of the prize dis-
tribution laws; for, to make a change in the rule
of proceeding would be deemed disrespectful to the
deceased officers. But now the case was relieved
of its chief embarrassment. The officers were
dead, and their families provided for, while nothing
had yet been done for the bold men who had so
gallantly volunteered to share their danger. The
appeal in their behalf was made, not to the charity
but to the justice of the House; and it received so
much the more force from the fact that this case of
the frigate Philadelphia was the single solitary ex-
ception to all prize cases in the history of the ser-
vice. In all other cases, when a prize was taken
which was burnt at sea, or from other cause could
not be brought into port, her captors invariably
received her value in prize-money. Mr. C. said
he had before him a list of all the prizes taken by
our vessels of war.
The CHAIR here inquired of Mr. Cdmmins
whether his bill contained an appropriation of
money ?
Mr. CUMMINS replied that it did not. It mere-
ly proposed to place certain names on the pension
roll.
Mr. C., resuming, said he had in his hand a list
of the captures, and in every instance an appropria-
tion had been made to pay the captors their prize-
money. He read, as a sample of preceding legis-
lation in these cases, the act granting prize-money
for the frigate Constitution.
The frigate Philadelphia formed the only excep-
tion to the general rule. She had not been cut out,
but had been, by order of Commodore Preble,
burnt within the harbor. The men who liad vol-
unteered to follow the intrepid Decatur were all
now in the decline of life, all of them being about
seventy years old, and many of them veiy infirm.
The committee abandoned all idea of securing for
them their shares of the prize-money, and had, as
he had already stated, contented themselves with
simply putting their names on the pension roll.
It was only to show the strength and equity of
their claim that Mr. C. had referred to these papers.
It was, indeed, true that $100,000 was justly due
to them, but all hope of getting that was given up,
and this bill simply asked a pension. It was surely
as well entitled to an early consideration from that
House as any claim which could be brought before
it. He hoped the bill would be so placed that its
consideration might be reached duung the present
session. If this should not be done, its fate would
be sealed, and these brave and noble-hearted old
men would be suffered to go down to their graves
in penury and want, the only men m the navy who
had bravely earned their prize-money and had not
received it. The achievement in which they had
had a share was one which never could fade from
the historic page; it was one which had given to
the American navy a standing before the eyes of
the world. It was universally admitted to have
been one of the boldest and most daring acts of the
age. Twenty-five men, in a small light vessel,
mounting but four guns, entering a strongly forti-
fied harbor, surrounded with forts and bastions,
mounting one hundred and fifteen guns, approach-
ing the very base of the Moorish castle, and there
boarding a frigate with forty loaded guns, ready to
fire, and succeeding completely 111 destroying her,
and making good their own retreat, was a naval
feat the glorious memory of which could never
die.
Mr. C. concluded, by moving that the consider-
ation of this bill be made the special order for the
4th of July next.
The bill was referred, and ordered to be printed;
but before the question was put on making it a
special order—
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 26, 1848.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Little-
ton D. Teackle, asking a settlement of his accounts
for materials furnished for the public buildings in
the city of Washington; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also, a petition from Ann Jeffers, widow of a
revolutionary soldier, for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from j
Major William Bayley, asking to be discharged |
from liability for certain public property which |
has been applied to the service of the public; j
which was referied to the Committee on Naval >
Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the following:
Resolved, That the Comimuee uri the Library be instructed
to purchase the full-length original portrait of General Zach-
ary Taylor, pamted by William G. Blown, of Richmond,
il the same can be obtained at u price deemed by the com-
mittoe to be reasonable. ^ ,
The following resolution, submitted on Monday I
last by Mr. Bell, came up for consideration: I
Rf-oived, That tho reporter of the Senate be directed to j
supply each member ot the House of Representative* with
a copy ot Ills report of proceedings and debates of the Uni- j
ted States Senate for the present Congress; the expense to
be paid out ot the contingent fund of the Senate.
-Mr. BELL said that he had not anticipated any
objection to the resolution when he submitted it
for consideration. He owed it to the reporter of
the Senate to say that the subject had been brought
before the Senate without any consultation with
him. The only communication he had had with
the reporter, in reference to the matter, was merely
for the purpose of ascertaining whether he could
furnish the additional copies #lthout violating his
contract with the Senate. He had ascertained"that
on this point there could be no difficulty. There
appeared to be a difference of opinion among Sen-
ators as to the propriety of continuing the present
system of reporting. Into this question he did not
propose to go, as he had not given much reflection
to it. It was objected that the resolution imposed
an improper tax on the contingent fund of the
Senate. But he regarded it as perfectly unimport-
ant whether the cost was paid from the fund of the
one House or the other, as, in either case, it must
come from the same source. As to the propriety
of continuing the present system, that would have
to be decided hereafter. He begged it to be un-
derstood that, in offering his resolution, he did not
intend to imply that there had been any want of
comity heretofore in relation to this matter.. In-
deed, some of the Senators seemed to have been
under the impression that the House of Repre-
sentatives was already furnished with the reports'
under the original resolution.
Mr. TURNEY said he could not understand on
what ground the House could complain of not re-
ceiving the reports of the proceedings and debates
of the Senate, as it was already receiving twelve
copies, for each member, of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, where the proceedings and debates
were published in exlenso. It would be recollected
that, at the close of the last session, the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had introduced a
resolution to rescind the resolution by which the
existing engagement with the reporter was autho-
rized. He had been for some time expecting that
Senator to call up his resolution which was intend-
ed to stop the present system, under which it had
been made apparent that we were now paying
three times as much as the newspaper press of the
city offered to give full and prompt reports for.
Under this new system, Senators were very irreg-
ularly supplied with the copies due to them.
Sometimes he received six or seven of the weekly
sheet, instead of twenty, to which he was entitled.
It had been promised, also, that the reports and
proceedings should be placed on the tables of Sen-
ators on the morning, after the debates had taken
place, which, it was notorious, had scarcely been
ever done. There had sometimes been an interval
of a week between the supplies of the reports.
The members of the House were supplied with the
Congressional Globe and Appendix. He did not
know at what rate they were supplied. But he
found that we were paying three times more than
we ought to pay for the reports of our debates.
He would prefer that the House should provide
its own reports, which it might readily do by
making a contract with the reporter.
Mr. CLAYTON thought it eminently proper
that the Senate should furnish the reports to the
House, and that that body could not consistently
contract with the officers of the Senate for the pro-
ceedings. Mr. C. would venture to affirm, that
they had never had such reports as were now fur-
nished. He did not mean to assert that they were
peifect; there were defects, which he believed
arose out of the very limited sum allowed the re-
porter, which was notoriously insufficient to pay
for printing and reporting. It was true there had
been delays; but the Senate could easily understand,
when there had been sessions of from six to seven
hours, that a report of its proceedings could not be
supplied on so limited a stipend as that given. He
expressed the hope that, so far from abandoning
the system, the Senate would go on to improve
upon it, and furnish the means necessary for its
complete accomplishment, which he conceived of
vastly more importance than any sum they should
be called 011 to pay.
Mr. TUllNEY insisted that the reports which
were now made were not more accurate, nor in
any respect better than those published in the
Congressional Globe and Appendix. There had
been, therefore, no improvement in this respect.
The Senator from Delaware said the reports could
