1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
Mot be perfect, because the compensation was more
too limited. Yet, in the face of this statement, we
had proposals from the newspaper press to give full
and accurate reports for one-third of the amount
now paid. It appeared strange, that while we are
paying; such an exorbitant sum, we should be told
that the reports cannot be perfect, because we do
not pay enough. Would not the same amount
have enabled Blair & Rives to give full reports?
Let them have the money, and it will be found
sufficient. The efjjict of the system had been to
cut off the daily newspaper press of Washington
from reporting the debates in extenso, as they had
formerly dpne, and as correctly as they had ever
been since; and, besides, it could not be asserted
that the debates of the body were not to be found
on as extended a scale in the Appendix to the
Congressional Globe as they were by the reporter
of the Senate. He did not think the subject could
stand the test of scrutiny, and he must call the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WESTCOTT professed himself friendly to
the resolution, but desired to know if there had
been,any understanding as to the cost involved.
Mr. CLAYTON answered that it would be what
the Senate pleased to allow.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Butler,
Calhoun, Cass, Clarke, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dayton,Douglas, Greene, Hale, Hannegan, John-
son of Maryland, Mason, Moore, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk,
Spruance, Underwood, Upliam, and Westcott—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Athertot), Bagby, Benton, Breese,
Bright, Cameron, Davis of Mississippi. Dix. Feleh, Houston,
Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Niies,and Turney—15.
_ Mr. CASS moved to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill,relating to the California claims.
Mr. HALE said the morning hour had not yet
expired, and he thought the leave he had asked to
introduce a certain bill ought to be first disposed
of. He had no disposition to debate the subject,
but he desired to have a vote. If the object of the
motion of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
was to get rid of his bill, and was to be taken as a
denial of leave to introduce it, he must ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Bag-
by, Bell, Benton, Breeze, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Clayton,
Crittenden,.Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dix, Fch-h, Hous-
ton, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Man-
gum, Mason, Mom, Pearce, ltusk, Spruance, Underwood,
and Westcott—29. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Douglas, Hale, Niles, Phelps,
Turney, and Upliam —7.
Mr. DOUGLAS said he desired to have taken
up the territorial bills, and had voted in the nega-
tive because he thought such an opportunity would
have been afforded. He gave notice that he should
feel it his duty to call up the territorial business
the earliest moment after the California bill was
disposed of.
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to settle the California claims; when
Mr. MASON moved to amend the amendment
of the committee, by so changing its purport as to
make it a provision for the appointment of a board
of three commissioners, to be appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. And as he
looked on this decision, relating to a constitutional
point, to be of importance, he would ask that the
question be taken by yeas and nays.
A sufficient number rising to sustain the call, the
'yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he should have prob-
ably given a silent vote on the bill but for the con-
stitutional question which had been raised. He
felt a due respect for, precedents, but he thought
those which had been- quoted by the Senator from
North Carolina, instead of being favorable, were
adverse to the bill. He then considered these pre-
cedents in detail for the purpose of sustaining hi3
view of their effect. Here was a sum of $700,000
to be disposed of; and the persons to whom the
distri bution of this sum was to be comm itted, could
not surely be regarded as other than officers, and
officers of an important character, embracing the
duties of executive and judicial officers. They are
not employed to collect matter for others to act on,
but the final adjudication of this amount is vested
in them. He could not sustain the bill as it was
reported, and he would vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia. He had no personal
acquaintance with Colonel Fremont; but he had
viewed his course with admiration, and could he
(Mr. U.) be actuated by any personal feeling, it
might induce him to favor the bill. He thought
the amount embraced in this bill exceeeded con-
siderably the estimate made by Colonel Fremont
in his report, and wished an explanation.
Mr. BENTON read an extract from the report,
in which the estimate appeared to be in conformity
with the sum embraced in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, suggested that if the
battalion had continued in the service, and coming
home, had left claims behind them, there would
have bgen no hesitation in allowing them to per-
fect their vouchers at the spot where the claims
had arisen, and that was all that the bill in effect
contemplated. It was nothing more than justice
to send a board out to investigate these claims. It
was proper to send persons who were well inform-
ed on the subject, and such were the individuals
named in the bill, whose appointment Congress
was fully authorized to make.
Mr. NILES stated that the language in the ori-
ginal bill directing the President to appoint, and
then naming the persons to constitute a board, was
evidently against the Constitution. He should vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Virginia to
the report of the committee.
Mr. PHELPS also expressed his intention to
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia to the amendment reported by the commit-
tee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN considered that it rested
with Congress to make provision for the payment
of these claims, and also to prescribe the manner
in which they shall be paid. Congress can say
whether they shall be paid in California or here,
and prescribe the rules by which the payments
shall be awarded. Congress can also select the
officers to examine the claims, and say, unless
the claims shall be certified by these persons who
are perfectly acquainted with the facts, the appro-
priation shall not be made. It is all, therefore,
matter for legislation. He did not, therefore, see
that the constitutional question presented itself at
all, and could only be raised by a process of inge-
nious subtlety. These claims are of a peculiar
character, have grown up out of a singular state of
circumstances, and ought to be legalized and settled
by Congress. The conduct of Colonel Fremont
entitled him to our confidence, and ou lum we could
more naturally rely than on any persons who have
not had the same connection with the claims.
Mr. ALLEN said he entertained no doubt as
to the constitutional power of Congress to appoint
these officers for the purpose specified. He con-
sidered Congress as having the same power to
appoint these officers as to appoint agelits to take
the census every ten years. This is nothing more
than an adjustment of claims pending before Con-
gress. It is not before the Executive. Congress
alone can authorize and regulate the adjustment.
It is a Legislative, not an Executive, function.
The claims arose out of no law, and Congress has
to determine how they shall be disposed of. It is
our business to give them validity, before they
can have any. And will it be contended that
Congiess is restricted from pointing out in what
way their validity shall be established? Colonel
Fremont, in his opinion, was the most merito-
rious American of his age now in existence; and
had he (Mr. A.) the power of appointment, he
would, ere this, have given him a military appoint-
ment in Mexico, for which nature had so clearly
formed hiin. He would vote for the bill as amend-
ed by the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER pointed out some discrepancies
in the argument which had been raised on the dis-
tinction between an office and an employment.
From this argument it seemed to result, that while
the paymaster who checks the drafts of the board
is an officer, they who direct the mode of payment
are not officers. According to this logic, the lowest
office in fact is the highest.in rank. He looked on
this as an office, because it involved a disbursement
of $700,000.
Mr. CASS said that these operations had taken
place at a distance, and he gathered from the sen-
.timents of Senators on both sides the Chamber
that the conduct of all engaged in them had been
such as to deserve the approbation of the Govern-
ment. In the regular course of events, the articles
■ for which payment is claimed would hav® been
obtained under a requisition from the commander-
in-chief, and they would have been paid for at the
moment and on the spot. The trust is now con-
tinued in these officers down to the period when
they shall be completed.
Mr. BADGER said, as it appeared there werS
other Senators who desired to address the Senate,
he would move that the further consideration of
the subject be postponed for the present; and, as
there was a question of some importance to be dis-
posed of in Executive session, he would move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Execu-
tive business; which motion was agreed to; and
the Senate, after some considerable time spent with
closed doors,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlprll 27, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the report of the Committee on Printing,
recommending the printing of 10,000 copies extra
of the correspondence between the Secretary of
War and Generals Scott and Taylor, and the cor-
respondence between the Secretary of State and
Mr. Trist, which was communicated by the Presi-
dent of the United States some time since, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House; and the
amendment pending thereto, which was moved
yesterday by Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, so as to print
also the additional correspondence which was com-
municated by the President on the 25th instant.
Mr. CLINGMAN claimed the floor. This mat-
ter, he said, had been detained some days, with a
view to get m the complete correspondence. He
wished (he whole correspondence published; and
his object now in rising was to move to amend
the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Henley] so as to include in the order to publish
ten thousand extra copies of the correspondence
at first furnished, the correspondence which came
into the House yesterday.
The SPEAKER stated that that proposition
was already pending on the motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] •
Mr. CLINGMAN said "it would be unnecessary,
then, for him to make the motion. He wished,
however, to offer a few remarks on this subject.
He did not intend to make what was commonly
called a speech; but he wished, for a few moments,
to call the attention of the House to one or two
circumstances. It turned out that he had been
entirely right in his conjecture in relation to this
correspondence. When he had said to the House
that important letters had been kept back, the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] had said ^
I that there was no weight to be attached to his state-
I ment; that he was in the dark in his conjectures
in relation to the letters which had not been sent
in; that he was very much in the situation of a
man shooting at random into a big tree for birds.
But it had turned out that there was a bird in the
tree, and his arrow had been sent in the right
direction.
But before he remarked upon the declaration of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley,] that
there were no such letters withheld; that he had
the authority of the Secretary of War for making
the declaration that there were no such letters; he
wished to allude to the remarkable circumstances
which had been exposed and commented upon
with so great force by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] as to relieve him from the neces-
sity of saying much on this subject—he meant the
course of the Administration in refusing to them,
the representatives of the people, information which
they had seen fit to communicate in other ways.
The first instance of this was when the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had brought
forward a paper here which had not been sent in
to the House—a part of the original correspond-
ence—and had read it here. The gentleman from
South Carolina had said that that paper had slipped
out of the correspondence, and had been handed to
him, and he had brought it here. Not ion"; after
that, thegentleman from Maryland,[Mr. McLane,]
he believed, had alluded to correspondence which
had not been communicated to the public. Ihe
House had then called for the Slidell correspond-
ence; it had been refused, on the ground that they
were not entitled to receive it, because its publica-
tion would be detrimental to the public interests.
