686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Yet in the course of ten days it was published in
the New York papers. '
Mr. McLANE (the floor being yielded) was
understood to say that the gentleman was under
a misapprehension. He had cautiously avoided
any allusion to correspondence which had not been
communicated to this House—to correspondence
, which had not been published.
Mr. CLINGMAN was happy to be corrected
by the gentleman. He had been under the impres-
sion that on some previous occasion the gentleman
from Maryland had brought in letters which had
not been communicated to the House: but it was
no matter about that. It was the fact in the other
two cases which he had mentioned—the first, where
the gentleman from South Carolina had brought
certain papers into this House which he had ob-
tained from the department, and which had never
been communicated; and the other where the gen-
tleman from Indiana hud brought in certain letters
connected with the correspondence at present in
question—which letters the House had called for
and had not received. The instructions to Mr.
Slidell also had been called for at an'early period
of the session, and the President had refused to
communicate them to the House, on the ground
that it was inconsistent with the public interests,
and they a short time afterwards appeared in the
New York papers, when it suited the interest of
the persons having the control of them to give them
to the public. The House had made a call for
this correspondence between General Scott, Mr.
Trist, the War Department, and others. They
received a part of it: a number of the letters were
cut to pieces—a sentence or two given here find
there, and the remainder withheld. It turned out,
however, that these very same letters, which were
not to be furnished to the House, (oh I no, they |
were not to have them; if they did, they would reach 1
Mexico,) were sent off to General Pillow; and he
used them in the city of Mexico, and they were
published there; and m this vjay they had become
known here; and yet, even under the late call of ■
the House, the Secretary of War and the Presi- i
dent had not furnished them to this House! He I
complained again thac all the proceedings of the i
court of inquiry had been held back. Gentlemen !
said the House of Representatives ought not to be j
trusted with these things; yet it was not ten days i
after that we had seen these very letters of Mr. |i
Marcy published in the papers! It seemed the i|
settled purpose of the Administration to show its
contempt of this House—a coordinate branch of the I
Government—the immediate representative of the
people.
But the most striking case of all was, that the
gentleman from Indiana had brought forward four ;
letters which had been furnished him by the Sec-
retary of War, which he acknowledged belonged
to the correspondence which had been called for
by the House, but which he said the Secretary of
War did not consider would be wanted, and there-
fore he had not furnished them; and which he also
said were all the letters which belonged to the cor-
respondence called for. Now, he (Mr. C.) intended j
to convict the Secretary of an attempt to palm off j
upon this House and the country a deliberate false- !
hood; he had no doubt about the fact. He acquit- j
ted the gentleman from Indiana of all intention to j
deceive the country; he presumed the gentleman j
himself had been deceived by the Secretary, who jj
had stated a falsehood to him, and induced him to i
repeat it to the House. He knew he was using <'
strong language against a man who stood in high j
position, but he intended to make good his asser- i
tion. j
He would call the attention of the House to the !
remarks of the gentleman from Indiana. Thecal!
was for all the correspondence between General I
Scott and the Secretary of War not heretofore pub- «
lished. Now, a great deal had been published—. I
the letters written by General Scott while here m !,
the city, detailing the plans of the campaign, &,c,; j
but the House had called for everything not pub-
lished, the communication of which would not be
detrimental to the public interests. Under that
call, if the Secretary had read it, he must have
seen that these four letters should have come in;
but in his apology, made yesterday, he said he did
not send in these four letters because he conceived
they did not form a part of the correspondence be-
tween himself and General Scott. He gave no
reason for that opinion, except that General Scott,
in his letter of the 24th of February, 1848, spoka
of them as memoirs. Now, in the first place, had
the Secretary read that letter at that time? He did
not believe General Scott had written that letter
when the call was made; at all events, the Secre-
tary of War could not have received it. But,
whether he had or not, because General Scott spoke
of them as memoirs, the Secretary of War did not
send them in! Was that to be understood as the
excuse of the Secretary of War? But the Secre-
tary did not misunderstand it, and he (Mr. C.)
would show that he did not.
It would be recollected that he had complained
that General Scott's letters detailing his plan of a
campaign had not been sent in, and that the gen*
tleman from Indiana,- [Mr. Henley,] in his speech,
attempted to refute that allegation. That he might
do no injustice to the gentleman from Indiana, he
would read an extract from that gentleman's speech,
giving first a quotation which that gentleman had
made from a speech of his (Mr. C.'s) own, and
then the gentleman's denial of the charge which
he had made. This was what the gentleman from'
Indiana quoted from his (Mr. C.'s) speech:
"The Administration, while apparently undertaking to
furnish all the conespondenee of General Scott, knew well
that it was important not to send iu General Scott's plan of
the campaign."
"General Scott accordingly elaborated a plan of a cam-
paign, which the Administration has not thought proper to
give to the public."
And here is the language which the gentleman
from Indiana used in reply :
" N }w he (Mi. H.) was prepared to pay, from n careful ex-
amination of the correspondence, arid from positive informa-
[ tion which he had received from the Secretary of War, that
' there was not one solitary letter called for by "the resolution
of the House of the correspondence between the Secretary
of War and Geneial Scott which had not been furnished,
except two or three, which he would exhibit here."
Again:
"The gentleman from North Carolina found that there
were four letters which were notsent to tins House, and his
imagination had conjured up some great frauds, and he had
intimated that he should be able to prove some great wrongs
on the pait of the Administration and Mr. Marcy."
There was another extract in these words :
" Now, he had those four letters, with which the gentle-
man from North Carolina thought he should be able to ac-
complish so much, and, to show how unfounded were the
gentleman's conjectures, lie would read them."
Thus it would seem that the gentleman from
Indiana joined issue with him. Here was a de-
nial distinctly made. Now, if Mr. Marcy did not
understand from the resolution itself that the call
was for all the correspondence between him and
! General Scott, he surely knew it from the remarks
j made on this floor in the course of debate, and '
published in the daily newspapers. Well, the gen-
tleman from Indiana, in the course of his remarks,
from which he (Mr. C.) had now quoted, attempt-
ed to refute his charges by bringing in four letters,
and attempting to palm them off as the letters re-
ferred to. Everybody would see that if these let-
ters were not included in the call for the correspond-
ence, it would have been very easy for the Secre-
tary of War to say so. And he might have said
that he saw in speeches delivered here that charges
were made against him of withholding General
Scott's plan of the campaign, but that it was not in
the call. The gentleman from Indiana, too, might
have come here and stated that fact. But the Sec-
retary said no such thing. He well knew if he
had said so to this House there would have been
another call upon him for those letters and that
plan of a campaign, and that'those documents
would have been drawn from him.
Mr. HENLEY interposed to say that he thought
he did make such a statement to the House. To
the best of his recollection he made such a state-
ment, that General Scott's plan of the campaign
was not called for. He believed he had said so in
reply to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] and he said it now.
Mr. CUNGMAN said he was infinitely obliged
to the gentleman from Indiana for the interruption
and explanation, but he again repeated that when
the question was put to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, on the occasion referred to, that gentleman
made no such statement. He did—some time after
he had taken his seat—some half hour after the
discussion had taken place—after the yeas and
nays had been called for and taken, and some other
business had been transacted, and the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had occupied the
floor—rise from his seat and insist that these let-
ters had not been called for. The gentleman at
that time had had an opportunity to see the Secre- ;
tary of War, or to havea conference with some of
his associates. But the statement was not made
at the time. It was the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] who rose and contended that the
resolution did not call for these letters. Thereupon
he (Mr. C.) read the resolution making the call, to
show that it did embrace these very letters, and the
gentleman from Maryland seemed to have aban-
doned his objection.
Mr. HENLEY said if, at the time alluded to,
he did not—though his impassion was that he
did—he now asserted that the letters now men-
tioned by the gentlemati from North Carolina [Mr.
CuN&MAtf] were not called for, and he could not
imagine how the gentleman could suppose they
were.
Mr. CUNGMAN was astonished at the decla-
ration of the gentleman from Indiana. He would
call to the attention of the House the extract which
the gentleman had read from his (Mr. C.'s) own
speech:
" The Administration, while apparently undertaking to
furnish alt the correspondence of Genera! Scott, knt-vv well
thaf it was important not to send in General boon's plan of
the campaign. * w " General Scott aceoidinsly elabo-
rated a plan of a campaign, which the Administration has
not thought proper to give to the public."
And with these extracts before him, which he
read to the House, the gentleman did not know
that he (Mr. C.) alluded to General Scott's plan
of a campaign! Why, the gentleman's intellect
must have been wonderfully obtuse. He repeated,
the gentleman had exhibited an obtusity of intel-
lect of which he had not supposed any human
being capable. The gentleman, no doubt, had
been misled by the false statement of the Secretary.
He had thereby been induced to put his objection
on the wrong ground. The Secretary supposed it
was easier to induce the gentleman from Indiana
to state a falsehood, with a view of misleading the
House and the country, than to state his justifica-
tion on the ground now assumed by the gentleman
from Indiana. It was obvious, from all that had
occurred, that the Secretary had a deliberate pur-
pose to practise a fraud, by inducing the gentleman
from Indiana to make a statement to the House
which the Secretary knew himself to be false.
But, on this point, it was not necessary that he
should longer detain the House.
There were, however, one or two other points
on which he desired to say a word or two. The
gentleman from Indiana, in the course of his re-
marks, as he learned from the published reports—
and he really thought he had cause to complain of
him as well as of the Secretary—made some other
remarks which required a passing notice. When
he (Mr. C.) spoke on that subject before, it would
be recollected that he expressly declared that he
desired these documents for the purpose of estab-
lishing two facts: first, he desired to acquit Gen-
eral Scott of the charge of leaving General Taylor
with a small and insufficient force to meet the Mex-
ican army under General Santa Anna. When he
looked over these documents yesterday, he was
struck with one remarkable fact. This call was
made on the 17th of April, but the Secretary of
War, instead of answering promptly, and sending
those letters to this House, kept them waiting from
ten to twelve days; and he found that on the 21st
of April, four days after the call was made by the
adoption of his resolution, the Secretary indites a
letter to General Scott, which fills some forty-nine
pages of manuscript, and is full of invective against
the commander-in-chief; and that letter, written
with so much labor after the call was made, he
sends to this House as a part of the correspond-
ence contemplated by the-resolution ! He really
gave the Secretary credit for his industry. Four
days, be it remarked, after the call was made, the
Secretary began a tirade of abuse against General
Scott, which, from a hasty perusal, appeared to
throw out imputations on the courage and honor
of General Scott, and on all that a soldier holds
dear. Yes, the Secretary, finding that the facts
would come out, thought proper thus to prepare a
defence for himself and the Administration, and at
the same time to assail General Scott. But Gen-
eral Scott's character would yet stand clear before
the country. The whole correspondence, when
it could be brought before the country, would
make that appear. It would appear that General
Scott was not responsible for the position in which
General Taylor was placed. It would appear from
the reports of the department that General Taylor
