1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
bad seven thousand regulars and thirteen thousand
five hundred volunteers, and that five thousand of
the regulars were drawn from him for General
Scott's column, leaving two thousand, regulars and
a heavy volunteer force; and the Government un-
dertook to call out nine new regiments, that Gen-
eral Taylor might be amply sustained. General
Taylor was then understood to be at Monterey,
and if the Administration had kept its promise,
General Taylor would have been in no danger.
The Secretary of War attempted to throw the
blame on General Scott, but the facts wq,uld not
bear him out.
Another point to which he had called the atten-
tion of the House was, that the department had
not supplied General Scott with adequate means
after the capture of Vera Cruz, and to this the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Henley] replied, and
attempted to sustain himself by high authority.
To a quotation from the remarks of the gentleman
from Indiana he called the especial attention of the
House. The gentleman undertook to sustain him-
self by reading extracts *om the correspondence
of General Scott, from one of whose letters he read
the following:
<£ The Quartermaster General (brevet Major General Jesup)
at New Orleans has, X find, taken all proper measures, with
judgment and promptitude, to provide everything depending
on his department for the despatch and success of my expe-
dition."
Now, to understand the fairness of the gentle-
man's quotations, he begged the House to listen
to the next sentence of the same letter, which the
gentleman from Indiana did not read:
" Transports, casks filled with water, &c., are accordingly,
expected to arrive here and oil'Tumpk-o before the 7th of the
next month."
So, then, it appeared that General Scott liberally
gave the Quartermaster General credit, not for what
he had done, but for what he had promised to do,
and for supplies expected in the course of the next
month. Wow, he had in this a right to complain of
the gentleman from Indiana for doing what he must
call garbling a letter. Here were two sentences
taken together) one of which only was given by
the gentleman from Indfttna, though the latter was
so intimately connected with the former. The
gentleman from Indiana quoted the first only, which
was so well calculated to mislead thecountry. This
was unfair to General Scott, for there were hun-
dreds in the country who would read th$ speech of
the honorable gentleman from Indiana who would
never see the document from which he professed
to quote.
But, to pass to another point. The gentleman
from Indiana also quoted from another part of his
(Mr. C.'s) speech, which was unfortunately not
accurately reported. The gentlemafi from Indiana
had represented him as saying that, after detailing
General Scott's wonderful achievements, for all
this he had been suspended. Now, what he did
say was, that after all his victories, General Scott
had been suspended, without cause assigned to the
public, and not that he had been suspended in conse-
quence of those victories. On the contrary, he put
the question, again and again, Why had General
Scott been suspended ? He on that occasion asked
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,]
who criticised one of General Scott's orders,
whether he had been suspended from the command
on that account? Whether this court of inquiry
had been gotten up to try him for an offence against
the rules of rhetoric or for grammatical errors?
He asked again, if it was on account of the cor-
respondence with General Worth that he was
suspended? And here he must admit, that in one
thing he had been mistaken, and he was ready to
make the amende honorable. He did say on that
occasion, that he would not stultify the Adminis-
tration so far as to say that they would suspend
General Scott for anything that was in the Scott
and Worth correspondence. It would appear,
however, that if he was to rely on the statements
of the public press, he had given too much credit
to .the Secretary's intellect. He was ready to re-
tract what he had said; for, from the letters circu-
lated through the newspapers, it did seem to him
that General Scott had been suspended for writing
that correspondence. He'was nevertheless aston-
ished, partisan as Mr. Marcy was, that a .man of
his judicial mind could have been guilty of such an
egregious blunder. He said judicial mind, be-
cause Mr. Marcy's partisans and puffers boasted
that his "judiciaLmind is felt heavily in his corre-
spondence with Soott." Until these puffs brought
it to his mind, he had forgotten that he had ever
been a judge; nor could he now, in looking over
Mr. Marcy's judicial career, recollect any remark-
able decision, except the notable one made by him ,
that the State of New York owed him fifty cents
for having his breeches mended, because torn in
the service of that State. His judicial celebrity
seemed to rest on this single decision.
When *Mr. Marcy used to sit upon the bench,
if an advocate had appealed from his decision upon
the ground that it was illegal, all this would have
been proper enough. But suppose the party taking
the appeal had likewise declared that the judge was
actuated by malice, and that his conduct was un-
becoming a gentleman and a judge, would he not
have punished such an individual for a contempt
of the court? This was precisely General Scott's
case; and when, therefore, General Worth, under
pretence of appealing, placed in General Scott's
hands a paper containing these charges, he prop-
erly directed General Worth to consider himself
under anest. But in point of fact the appeal was
not from the order of arrest, but simply from the
refusal of General Scott to say that General Worth
hail not been implicated in one of Scott's general
orders against the publishers of the Leonidas letter,
no one being named or referred to particularly in
that order.
The Secretary himself, however, had scarcely
the hardihood to affirm that on so frivolous a pre-
text General Scott had been suspended and put on
trial. He admits that theie was no direct charge
made by General Worth, but argues jesuitically
that he is obliged to regard General Worth's appeal
as implying a charge. His (Mr. C. 's) assertion in
the former debate, that these were seized upon as
mere pretexts to suspend General Scott and degrade
him from his position, had been fully verified by
subsequent events; for,on the meeting of that court,
as soon as General Scott presented himself for trial,
the charges were formally withdrawn.
General ScoLt's whole crime consisted in his
having made a campaign too brilliant and glorious.
It is a custom with Eastern despots, when one of
their satraps or pachas fails in a campaign, to have
him publicly executed on his return; but, on the
other hand, if he should be too successful, if his
exploits should be so brilliant and captivating as to
render him the object of envy and fear, then the
mutes of the despot are sent to strangle him pri-
vately with a bowstring on his way home. Mr.
Polk, adopting this Eastern fashion, has sent out
his mutes to do execution on General Scott because
his exploits have been so great and striking as to
render him formidable to the President.
He was here reminded of a rumor which- he
heard two weeks since, and which he then hoped
was not true, though references subsequently made
to the same rumor in some of the papers caused
him to fear that there might be some foundation
for it. Jt was to have been hoped, after General
Scott had been ejected from his office, deprived of
his sword, and disgraced, as far as the Govern-
ment had power to disgrace him, he would have
been permitted to return to his country. But it is
said that, upon the news reaching here that the
court of inquiry was about to finish its labors and
adjourn to the United States with the view of ex-
amining the witnesses in this country, to prevent
thjs a special messenger had been sent out forbid-
ding them to do so, with a view to detaining Gen-
eral Scott in that country, he being ordered to
attend the court until its final adjournment. It
seemed to be understood that the purpose of the
Administration was to prevent his return to this
country until after the National Convention shall
have met at least, if not until the end of the year.
If the Administration have such a purpose in view,
he would tell them in advance they would fail of
their object. Richard the Lion-hearted of England
was detained for a long while in a foreign land a
prisoner by the Austrian Duke, but he was ulti-
mately ransomed by his subjects; and the Ameri-
can people will ransom General Scott and liberate
lnm from his captivity in a foreign land. It was a
short despatch,sometiiing like these words, "Take
care of yourself, for the devil is let loose," that
made the knees of King John shake upon his
throne, and there may come along these lightning
wires a similar despatch which will shake the knees
of our King James.
It was not necessary for him to vindicate at this
day General*Scott's character as a military man.
In this elaborate assault of the Secretary on Gen-
eral Scott he was pleased to find, that without in-
tending it, he relieved him from the charge of
having prevented General Taylor's pnward ad-
vance from the Rio Grande. He says that the idea
of further movements in that quarter had never
been entertained by the Administration. He de-,
nies that any credit is due to General Scott for the
plan of attack on Vera Cruz. He says that every
man of common sense knew that that was the
proper point of attack. He (Mr. C.) must remind
the House, however, that the Administration favor-
ed another plan, and endeavored to supersede Gen-
eral Scott by a lieutenant general who insisted that
Vera Cruz ought not to be assailed, and wished
to supersede General Scott because he insisted on
assailing Vera Cruz—a point regarded as impreg- -
nable by the intended lieutenant general. After,
however, the city and its fortress had been cap-
tured, the Secretary has the effrontery to pretend
that everybody knew that this could be easily done.
As the letters now furnished would show, General
Scott foresaw clearly how this could be effected;
but the Administration do not seem to have seen
it. They were in the dark, as they were with
reference to his first plan of campaign on the Rio
Grande, wherein all his predictions had been veri-
fied, though thfe Administration had condemned
and ridiculed his views. History would yet do
justice to his extraordinary campaign of last year.
He (Mr. C.) should be gratified if the Speaker's
distinguished constituent, Prescott, the first his-
torian of the age, would take the subject in hand.
He might render not less famous in after ages the
advance of the ten thousand Americans than
was the retreat of the ten thousand Greeks ren-
dered immortal by the pen of Xenophon. The
Administration might try in vain to decry Gen-
eral Scott. It might try in vain to place Pillow
and its other minions above him. He stands
on an elevation beyond their reach. The opin-
ion of the country has undergone a great change
in relation to General Scott within a few years
past. The circumstances under which he first
acquired clistinction were well known. It was
after a series of disasters on our northern frontier
during the late war with Great Britain, after Hull
had surrendered, and our army had been defeated
and disgraced almost everywhere, thathe attracted
public attention. He at once succeeded in giving
discipline and courage to the troops that he com-
manded. His first action at Glueenstown was
sufficient to make him prominent. With only
three hundred and fifty men he crossed the river
and effected a landing in the face of the British
army. He kept his position during a great part
of the day against immense odds until more than
half his force was destroyed—his men never giving
way, and himself a mark for the sharpshooters;
nor did he surrender until it became evident that
the remainder of the American army could not be
induced to cross the river to his support. This
was the only defeat he ever met, if, under the cir-
cumstances, it ought not to be regarded as a vic-
tory. Prom that time forward he was successful
in every struggle. His name of " Winfield," at
which the Secretary sneers, is characteristic of
his career. He (Mr. C.) need barely refer to his
victories at Fort George, Chippewa, and Lundy's
Cane, over the veterans of England. We regard
the recent battles in Mexico as bloody, and they
have been so. The battle of Bucna Vista was not
only most glorious, but it is justly regarded as
perhaps the most bloody. General Taylor's loss
was seven hundred and one out of a force of five
thousand, or nearly one-seventh of his entire force.
But at Lundy's Lane, the brigade commanded by.
Scott, which bore the brunt of the fight before the
reserve came up, and which was victorious, and
drove from the field an enemy greatly superior in
numbers—this brigade lost more than half its num-
ber in killed and wounded; Scott himself, besides
having two horses killed under him, was twice
wounded, and the second time, supposed to be
dead, was left on the ground for a time. It was,
he (Mr. C.) believed, after General Scou received
the first wound that he coriducted Miller s legi-
ment up-the hill to carry the heavy battery. In
all these engagements General Scott not only
showed, while in action, the highest degree of
skill, but he succeeded in infusing into his soldiers
a courage, which nothing could overcome, and
which prevented any body of men that he com-
manded from giving way under any circumstances.
N#ither McDonald nor Key could hold Napoleon s
