"688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27.
old guard longer under the fire of the enemy s
artillery than did Scott keep the American regi-
ments Steady under the heaviest fire. These qual-
ities he was known to possess at the close of the
late war; but since he has been elevated to the
chief command, he has exhibited other high qual-
ities—foresight, discretion, prudence, vast powers
of combination. As illustrative of the character
he has acquired, he (Mr. C.) h<*rd a distinguished
officer the other day remark to a brother officer,
both recently from Mexico, that when goihg into
battle under Scott every soldier felt confident that,
if there was a chance to win, their General would
know it. He has not only been victorious, but he
has so shaped his attack as to make it tell most
-heavily on the enemy. Hence they saw no drawn
battles in his campaign. No matter how great the
superiority of numbers possessed by his enemy;
no matter how strong the position occupied by
him, General Scott always found means to turn
that position and attack his enemy in flank and
rear, so as to annihilate his army and capture all
his artillery. This last Napoleon regarded as the
test of decisiveness of a victory. But gentlemen
on the opposite side were endeavoring to embar-
rass General Scott the more by speaking of him as
a Presidential candidate. The gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] in a part of his former
speech, which he (Mr. C.) did not hear, repre-
sented him (Mr. C.) as having brought up General
Scott as a Presidential candidate; but he had done
nothing of the kind-. On the contrary, he forbore
to do it, knowing that it would be unfortunate for
General Scott to be so spoken of at that time. He
being wronged by the Administration, of course
its party presses would not defend him; and from
the circumstance of his havingbeen formally spoken
of as a Wh*ig candidate for that office, the greater
portion of the Whig press is afraid to speak out in
his behalf, because most of the papers have taken
up Mr. Clay, General Taylor, or some one else,
and are afraid to do justice to General Scott, lest
he should thereby be brought up in tjje way of
their favorites. Hence the Administration and its
instruments have been allowed to worry himat
their will, without that burst of indignation which
their misconduct ought to have called up. We all
understand this; General Scott himself understands
it, but he looks for ultimate justice at the hands of
his countrymen.
Did gentlemen suppose that the Whigs would
stand calmly by and see General Scott worried in
this manner? Without saying he was in favor of
General Scott as a candidate for the Presidency,
and without affirming that he was the best they
had to bring forward, yet he would say to the
gentlemen on the other side of the House, that,
•whether he was as good as some others or not,
he was strong enough to beat any candidate of
their party.
The gentleman thought thatGeneral Scott would
not do for the Presidency, because, while he ad-
mitted he was a great man in great things, he was
but a small man in little things. The gentleman
thought, that if he was a little man in little things,
he would not do to make a President; and Mr. C.
was, indeed, ready to admit that the office of Pres-
ident, as that office had of late been administered,
seemed to be a very small thing; so small, as to be
unworthy of the attention or desire of a truly great
man. But he differed in this matter with the gen-
tleman. He thought that in the proper govern-
ment of this nation of more than twenty millions,
the wise management of all its foreign a'nd domes-
tic relations was a great matter. It had been said
of the worst King that England ever had, that
" He never said a foolish tiling,
Nor ever did a wise one."
But the gentleman admitted that Seott was the re-
verse of this; that in action he was great, though
in words unwise. Then, according to that in-
stance, he being the reverse of Charles, ought to
make a first-rate President. Mr. C. would say to
the honorable gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane,] that he was infinitely obliged to him for
Ills advice. The gentleman was avowedly a Dem-
ocrat, and as such, he advised the Whigs not to
run General Scott. J>Jow, Mr. C. had always un-
derstood that it was wise to learn from an adver-
sary, but he supposed he ought to avoid what his
adversary recommcndcd. AsaDemocrat, thegen-
tleman ought to desire that the Whigs should be
defeated; and, so wishing, it was very consistent
in him to desire that the Whigs should not run a
strong man. WaS he really sincere in recommend-
ing General Scott as a Whig candidate, and there-
by playing tne part of a Mexican Whig to his own
party,m giving aid and comfort to the enemy? He
might, some of these mornings, find himself read
out of the Democratic church, by an editorial in
the Union, as hi3 associate from Pennsylvania had
been, [Mr. Wilmot.] As to what the gentleman
had said about the soup letter, Mr. C. thought the
John Donkey could better reply to this part of the
speech than any one else, and give a picture of the
gallant Scott ad ministering soup to Santa Anna and
Mr. Polk. Santa Anna thought it too much pep-
pered at Cerro Gordo, and other places, and Mr.
Polk will find it very hasty, and scalding hot.
Why, a much stronger charge had been made
against President Harrison. They had charged
him with drinking hard cider, which was then con-
sidered more dangerous than drinking soup in our
day. They had proved, too, that he lived in a
log-cabin, and, moreover, it was proved, by certifi-
cates gotten up m Indiana, that he sold poor white
men and women for debt; but all these weighty
charges did not prevent the State of Indiana from
casting her vote for him as President, and he went
in by an overwhelming majority, having been the
choice of all the States of the Union but seven.
Heavier charges had been made against him than
against General Scott; but they could not prevent
the people from gratefully remembering his ser-
vices on the. frontier. No more would all the
parade made about hot soup make any impression.
The popular mind would rest upon Vera Cruz and
its formidable castle; the mountain pass of Cerro
Gordo; the storming of Contreras and Churubus-
co, the heights of Chapultepec, and the walls of
Mexico; or, it might be, that their recollection
would be carried back more than thirty years, to
the brilliant achievements at Ctueenstown and Chip-
pewa, or the night fight at Niagara, the bloodiest
and best-contested battle ever fought on the Amer-
ican continent. Such allegations as were urged
against him by this Administration would have no
more weight on the popular mind than a feather
would when thrown upon a whirlwind. This the
gentleman very well knew; and it was no wonder
that they desired that Scott should be kept out of
the field.
There was another reason why they did not
wish him brought forward. The country had just
been passing through a war, and the W hig party
felt it to be its duty to denounce the Administra-
tion for the manner in which it had gotten us into
the war, and hence they charged us with taking
sides against our country. They were in the
habit of calling gentlemen on Mr. C.'s side of the
House British Whigs, and some of them Mex-
ican Whigs; but they would not dare to say that
Wmfield Scott was either a British Whig or a
Mexican Whig. They knew that all that ammu-
j nition would be rendered useless, and they did not
like to waste it. They well knew, and were not
likely to forget, that Scott had some forty or fifty
thousand voteis in the ranks of his army—all of
them ardently attached tohim,and allof themindig-
nant at the manner in which he had been suspend-
ed and tried in the presence of the enemy whom
he had conquered. Most of these were likely to
prove active partisans, and, at all events, they
would be dangerous witnesses in his favor. They
had once charged General Harrison with being a
'coward, and they had learned by bitter experience
what was the practical result of such a charge
brought against such a man, when one of his old
soldiers was brought up to refute it. There are
many yet surviving who fought under Scott on
the Canada lines, and a still larger number who
have been with him in Mexico. They would now
prove ready witnesses and zealous combatants in
his behalf, against such charges trumped up by
envy and imbecility to prostrate their gallant leader.
There was no section of this Union that did not
owe General Scott a debt of gratitude. He had
performed important public services on the bound-
ary in Maine; on the borders of. Canada; in the
Northwest; in the South, as well as in Mexico.
His name was honorably connected with the his-
torical records of every part of our country; in
every quarter he had shown himself to be both a
statesman and a warrior.
Mr. C. had not risen with the purpose of deliv-
ering a eulogium on General Scott. He had been
drawn into saying thus much only in reply to gen-
tlemen who had assailed him. He should notloijg
detain the House in speaking either of his military
or his civil qualifications. But he should always
hold himself ready to defend a brother Whin'
when unjustly aspersed by small and selfish men,
who sat in safety on their cushioned chairs here
at Washington,and wrote tirades against the brave
officers of our army who had periled their lives in
the high places of the field.
Mr. C. went on to say that he had been glad to
witness that at length the Secretary of War evinced
a disposition to do justice to th^ reputation of Gen-
eral Taylor. After having been persecuted for two
years by the Secretary, that heroic old man was
now lauded in the tirade of invective against Gene-
ral Scott. The whole country would understand
this to be hypocritical. The Secretary now lauds
Taylor when he does not need it, in the hope to
injure Scott. This is in keeping with his former
conduct. He left General Taylor to fight the bat-
tle of Buena Vista with inferior forces. After
Santa Anna had been defeated there, and a second,
time by Scott at Cerro Gfeordo, and driven back on
Mexico, the department sent him a large force
which he did not need, withholding it from Scott,
who did need it, thereby delaying his advance for
three months at Puebla. After he had to advance
and conquer the country with" only ten thousand
men, they then sent him reinforcements. Pre-
viously, to excuse their negligence, and diminish
his credit, they represented him as having thirty
thousand men, when he had but one-third of that
number; and they now pretended, in the corre-
spondence justsentin, thatthey had sent him more
transports and wagons than were ever forwarded
*o him. But Mr. C. said his object was not to
forestall the decision of the Whig National Con-
vention, nor to express a preference for a Presi-
| dential candidate. He was well convinced the
Whigs could beat their opponents with any candi-
date they might agree to set up.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, obtained the floor.
Mr. VINTON made an unsuccessful effort to
postpone the further consideration of the resolution,
■ and go into Committee of ^he Whole on the state
i of the Union.
i Mr. HOUSTON spoke in reply to the speech
I of Mr. Clingman, but turned himself round, so as
to be, for the most part, unintelligible to reporters
1 on the right of the Chair.
He was understood to charge Mr. C. with hav-
ing repeated the speech which he had made on the
stump in 1840; and, there was but little need of
answering it now. Mr. H. referred to the extracts
Mr. C. had read in relation to the charges against
General Pillow: had the gentleman's object been
not to serve a party purpose, but merely to inform
! the country, he would have said that these extracts
related only to General Pillow's defence and not
the public business.
The charge against the Secretary of War would
have been very serious if proceeding from any se-
rious or respectable source. It was said that Sec-
retary Marcy had attempted a fraud; but where
was the proof to substantiate such a charge? Were
there any facts established which would justify
these public remarks against a distinguished func-
tionary of the Government? And was not the gen-
tleman hazarding too much to advance such a
, charge in the face of the document which had been
laid on the tables of all the members of that House?
But Mr. H. was not going to enter into a discus-
sion of this subject; he had risen for a different
purpose.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clisg-
man] had been working on this matter for months
past: he had been " wiring in and wiring out"
i against Secretary Marcy for a long while, till at
, length the gentleman had got himself into a more
harmless position than Mr. H. had ever expected
him to occupy: he had ensconced himself very
snugly in a pair of the Secretary's old breeches:
there he was quite safe; and if the hole, of which
he (Mr. C.) had spoken, should not prove large
enough for his escape, there he was likely to stay,
with Mr. H.'s entire consent, for the rest of the
session.
Mr. H. would now do what he had risen to do,
and that was, to move the previous question.
Mr. CONGER asked Mr. Houston's indul-
gence but for a moment, to state, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, that the type had been taken
down which contained the former reported corre-
spondence, and if the extra number now proposed
were to be printed, the composition would have to
