1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6&1
Mr.* STEPHENS resumed the floor, but yielded
sit request to—
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, who said he
wanted to understand—they all liked to have some
understanding on the subject—whether the issue
between the two gentlemen did not resolve itself
into this proposition : whether, after a call for in-
formation upon exciting topics, that call should
include a letter to be written for a special purpose;
for the purpose of suiting exactly the case? That
was the question.
[Cries of "Yes," and laughter.]
Mr. STEPHENS. That is the question.
Mr. McLANE again wished the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS said he would yield if the
gentleman wished to give a categorical answer to
the gentleman from South Carolina. [A laugh.]
Mr. McLANE was understood to object to a
new issu« being presented, and to say that the case
put by the gentleman from South Carolina did not,
in his opinion, meet the ease as presented by the
words of the call.
Mr. STEPHENS said, the point to which he
wished to bring the attention of the gentleman from
Maryland was this: Whether, at the time he made
the suggestion to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, he had any idea that the Secretary of War,
under the suggestion he [Mr. McLane] had made,
would send m anything else than a reply which
had been made before that?
Mr. McLANE. Not the least.
Mr. STEPHENS had supposed that the gentle-
man could not have had such an idea. This, then,
showed the sense of this House when the resolu-
tion was passed, and when the very amendment
was made which had drawn out this reply—that
they did not dream that the Secretary of War
would send in here a letter which might be subse-
quently written, and which the gentleman from
South Carolina said was written lor a particular
purpose.
That was the point to which he wished to bring
the attention of the House. And what was the
position of the House? They had called for some
letters which had been suppressed; and yet when
this particular call was made, the Secretary of
War had gone on and written a letter and sent that,
and still suppressed the very thing for which they
had called. Tlmt was the position in which this
House was placed before the country. He did not
wish to be understood as opposed to publishing
this letter; he was willing to see it go to the coun-
try. He wanted the people of the country to see
tlj,e letters for which they had called, and which
had been suppressed and sent to the general in
Mexico—which the President and Secretary of
War decided was /it for him and was not fit for the
people's Representatives, and who, after withhold-
ing that upon a call from the House, had turned
round and manufactured and sent in a long letter;
all he wanted was, that these facts should go to
the country.
There was another important fact to which he
now wished to call the attention of the I-Iousc and
the country with regard to this Major General
Pillow, who had a higher place in the confidence
of the Executive, it seemed, than the people's
Representatives—who could be intrusted with a
confidential despatch from a foreign minister or
commissioner when this House could not be in-
trusted with it. if rumor was true, this General
was appointed to that office by the President twelve
months ago, and his nomination had not to this
day been sent in to the Senate. The Constitution
of the United States required that the nomination
should be sent to the Senate; and why had it not
been done, when Congress had been in session
nearly five months? Why had the President with-
held that nomination?
He did not wish to detain the House on that
point. He gave it to gentlemen, however,to think
of, and to bring forward any defence, if they could.
He concluded by remarking that the resolution
as amended by his proposition embraced all the
correspondence on the subject of the war. He
wanted it all to go together. The country would
see the manufactured letter, gotten up after the
call. The call was made the 17th of April; this
answer to General Scott was dated the 21st of
April, four days afterwards. Let all these facts
go to the countiy. He did not wish to suppress
any of them. He submitted to the House and the
country whether it was not a trick of Secretary
Marcy. The gentleman from Maryland himself
admitted that when he made the modification he
never dreamed that the Secretary or President
would send any other reply than had then been
made. This reply had been made since; it had
been manufactured for the very purpose. He
wished it to go to the country; he wished to lceep
nothing back.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said, take this debate
all in- all, and he thought the good sense of this
House and the country would pronounce it the
most extraordinary that had ever occurred.
[A voice: " It is a most extraordinary topic."]
He was glad that gentlemen on the other side
responded. It would be seen, (he said,) from an
examination of the debate, that every original issue
had been abandoned, and that there had been a
constant effort on the partof those who had brought
about this call to change the issue as rapidly as
facts had been presented and overthrown the posi-
tions they had taken.
Mr. STEPHENS (interposing) inquired if he
understood his colleague to say that all the.origi-
nal issues made in reference to this correspondence
had been abandoned?
Mr. COBB replied that he would endeavor to
allude to those to which he referred, and which
had been abandoned, as far as arguments were
concerned.
Mr. STEPHENS wished his colleague to allow
him to suggest one that had not; that was, that
important despatches called for had not been com-
municated, but had been kept back by the Presi-
dent. Did he understand his colleague to deny
that they had been kept back by the President?
Mr. COBB. To what important despatches
docs my colleague allude as having been kept back
by the President?
Mr. STEPHENS, observing that that was not
answering his question, said the original charge
was, that important despatches had been withheld;
the instructions to Mr. Slid ell had never yet been
sent in; this communication from Mr. Trist had
never yet been sent in. This very communication
which they had received yesterday had been pre-
viously called for and not sent in, and had only
come in in answer to a subsequent call, "and no
reason given for withholding it. This was the
original charge, and if his colleague supposed that
he nad abandoned it, he was much mistaken,
Mr. COBB said he was alluding to facts famil-
iar to the House which had been brought out in
the debate upon the original resolution of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. It would be recol-
lected by the House, that when this resolution
was offered by the gentleman, it was understood
by the House that his object was to draw out the
correspondence between General Scott and the
Secretary of War, for the purpose of showing
that General Scott had been badly treated by the
War Department, and defending that ofliccr from
any imputation which might have been cast upon
him in reference to his conduct in the Mexican
war. The very remarkable fact must also be borne
in mind that, after the answer to that communi-
cation had been made on the part of the Presi-
dent, before any single document had been printed,
before it was in the power of any member to
say what was communicated, the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] had addressed
this House at considerable length,and said he had
examined this document in the hands of the print-
er, and then had gone on to make his charges
against the President and the War Department,
endeavoring to bolster up the position winch he
had assumed in behalf of General Scott. It was
at this time that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina had attempted to foiestall public opinion in
reference to the course of the President "and the
Secretary of War, by bringing forward these
charges before the public mind could be informed,
by the publication of the coi respondence, of the
facts m reference to the matter. It showed that
at that early period the examination of this docu-
ment had created upon the mind of the gentleman
from North Carolina the impression that it was
necessary for'some extraordinary effort to be made
in order to relieve General Scott from the effect
of that correspondence. The gentleman had then
stated that documents weie withheld, and had
specified the documents which, if published to the
country, would sustain the charges which he
made. This House had responded to the call for
these documents, and they had been brought be-
fore the country, and what was the issue now
presented ? What was the issue presented by the
gentleman from Alabama? That the- response
made by the Secretary of War to one of these de-
spatches, because it bore date subsequent' to the *
date of the call of the House, ought to be sup-
pressed. He desired to send before the country
the despatch received from General Scott; and be-
cause the answer of the Secretary of War, in the
progress of the correspondence, happened to bear
date subsequent to the date of the call, though it
was a response to one of these despatches, he
now desired it should be suppressed and withheld
from the country. Did his friend from Alabama,
or any other gentleman, pretend to say that any
facts set forth in the reply of the Secretary of
War to General Scott were not true* No; no ex-
ception had been taken to it. No objection had
been made that it contained allegations which
were untrue Or arguments which were unsup-
ported; and yet, on a mere pretence of this kind, it
was attempted to suppress this document, to pre-
sent one side of the case to the country and to sup-
press the other. He was happy to find that his
colleague did not approve of it; that he was aware
that an effort of this kind could not meet the ap-
proval of the House or of the country. If they
objected to the reply of the Secretary of War, they
were bound to sift its facts, to analyze its argu-
ments, and, if they were unsustained, to expose it
to the country; but let them not seek by the power
of this House to suppress this publication. He
recollected that a few days ago, when the House
were considering the question of the publication
of another document, he had protested against its
publication, because it was unsatisfactory in its
character, and calculated to create an erroneous
impression upon the public mind. He had then
desiied, as he now desired, that upon the publica-
tion of matters of this kind all the facts should be
presented to the country, and there was then no
danger that they would be misapprehended by the
good sense of the people. He was willing to leave
to them to decide the question for themselves upon
all the facts being presented. There was no dis-
position on his side of the House to withhold in-
formation from the country. His colleague said
that the instructions to Mr. Slidell had been with-
held. Was that an argument in this case? They
were not called for. No allusion was made to
them whatever in this resolution. A remarkable
fact in reference to these instructions to Mr. Slidell
was, that we had had them published in the news-
papers, whether correctly or not, we did not know.
He had made no inquiry. But he had observed
the fact, that since these instructions had come out
they had never been commented upon on the other
side of the House. Notwithstanding the issues
which had been made upon them previous to their
publication, they had not heard a word about them
since. It was true, it might be said that we were
not assured the documents were authentic. This
might be the case, but gentlemen did not apply the
same rule in other cases, for they had generally
chosen to comment with as much freedom upon
those which were thus thrown before the public as
those which were piesented in any other manner.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired if he understood his
colicagc that they had found nothing to disapprove
of in these instructions?
Mr. COBB said, that since the publication of
these instructions they had heard no gentleman on
that side of the House commenting upon them and
disapproving of them.
Mr. STEPHENS said, so far as he was con-
cerned, (and he spoke only for himself,) the in-
structions which he saw published in the newspa-
pers weie very much in accordance with what he
expected they were. He would not take the time
of his colleague to comment upon them, but he
should take occasion to do so at the earliest possi-
ble opportunity when it was in order. He would,
however, ask his colleague if the instructions did
not authorize five millions of dollars to be given
for that very country which his friends hail de-
clared was our own soil? *
Mr. COBB. With reference to what country
does my colleague speak?
Mr. STEPHENS. The country to the Kio
Grande. , , A . .
Mr. COBB replied that such were not the in-
structions, as he had seen tnem published.
Mr. STEPHENS said such authority wasgiven
in the instructions which he had seen.
•Mr. COBB replied that this unfortunate difference
