em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
With reference to the newspaper account showed
Sentlemcn that they should be cautious how they
brought forward serious charges against the. Ex-
ecutive Department of the country with reference
to documents before they were published in §jn
authentic form. As he had read this document m
the public prints, he was confident that no such
authority was given.
Mr. STEPHENS. My colleague, then, agrees
-with me that it was very important that the Presi-
dent should have answered their call, that they
might have known what were the real instructions.
Mr. COBB had said that he was not disposed
at present to go into the discussion of these in-
structions, but if the newspaper accounts were
authentic, he was prepared to assert two proposi-
tions : First, that they bore on their face conclu-
sive evidence, that for the interest of the coun-
try they ought not to have been published at the
time fliey were called for by this House; and,
secondly, for the purpose of u triumphant vindi-
cation of the President against the charges made
by gentlemen on the other side, that officer, if he
had been actuated by no other considerations,
would have been glad to have thrown them before
the country. It showed the willingness of the
President to sacrifice his own personal interest
in sustaining himself as President of the United
States in behalf of the public good. But he would
not go into this subject. He assured his colleague
he should listen to him with a great deal of inter-
est, to see how it was that his anticipations of
that document had been fully realized when he
came to compare his charges with the document
itself.
But with reference to the resolution which was
now under consideration, another remarkable fact
was presented. "When they had called for that
document, and it had been laid on the table and
ordered to be printed, and a motion made for the
printing of extra copies, no opposition had been
manifested on the other side of the House. But
to-day it was said by gentlemen, that this motion
to print an extra number had been postponed from
time to time until the type had been distributed,
and now we were cajjed to go to the extraordinary
expense of putting up the type again. Was it not
remarkable, that a document to which so much
importance had been attached hy the Opposition,
which they said furnished foundation for serious ,
charges upon the Executive officers, which they
said threw a flood of light upon all these vexed 1
questions between the commanding officers and
the head of the department here,—was it not strange
that gentlemen on the opposite side should now f
rise up and seriously aslc this House to abandon ]
the printing of an extra number, on the ground |
that the type had been distributed in consequence j
of the gentleman's own motion, or that of his I
friends, to postpone the subject from day to day> |
Whence came this sudden spirit of economy over |
the gentleman? j
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired if the gentleman
alluded to him > i
Mr. COiiB replied that he did not, but to the !
gentleman who was at the head of the Committee j
on Printing, [Mr. Conger,] who had said that it j
qught not to be published now on account of the I
type being distributed. i
Mr. CONGER (the floor being yielded) stated '
that the gentleman had misapprehended him. His !
object had not been to oppose, the printing of these
extra copies. He had merely desired to make a I
brief statement to the House m relation to the ex- 1
pense which would be incurred by the printing, in
consequence of the delay which had taken pTace,
in order that they might be possessed of informa-
tion as to what the expenses would be before they
voted upon the question. He should not now, he
should not at any time, oppose the printing of these
extra copies.
Mr. COBB regretted if he had done injustice to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conger,]
but he believed that gentleman's report had given i
him authority for what lie had said. It was clear the i
gentleman from New York did not expect to in-1
duce the House to print any extra number. It was 1
clear that the object of the gentleman from .New I
York was to call the attention of the House to the \
fact that the type was distributed, and that a large !
expense would be incurred in printing it. The gen- j
tleman from New York did not ceifainly intend :
House to understand that he was satisfied of
the propriety of printing an extra number.
Mr. CONGER confessed that he was opposed
to incur the vast expense which would be incurred
if an extra number of this document was printed.
Mr. COBB found he must recall his apology for
doing injustice to the gentleman from New York.
He now understood that gentleman, as he origi-
nally understood him, as being opposed to printing
these extra documents. And this was but one part
of the remarkable circumstances that were spring-
ing up around them. Why was it that gentlemen
were not so anxious now to print these documents
as they were when the subject was first brought
forward in this House? The reason was manifest.
Gentlemen had made themselves acquainted with
the facts. The contents of these documents were
presented to their minds. The development had
been made. The whole subject was before them,
and now they were unwilling to pour this flood of
light on the public mind. There have been other
motions to print extra numbers of documents sent
to this House during the present session, and this
was the first time he had heard an argument based
on the expense from that side of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, made some ex-
planation, hut in too low a tone of voice to reach
the reporter's desk.
Mr. STEPHENS was unwilling to interrupt his
colleague; but he begged leave to say that if the
gentleman from Georgia thought there was any
opposition to print these extra numbers with him
(Mr. S.) or his friends, he was greatly mistaken.
So far from it, he had been repeatedly urged to
modify his motion by striking out 10,000 and in-
serting 20,000.
Mr. COBB was happy to hear that there was
no disposition to withhold this document from the
country, though he had been led to such a conclu-
sion from the report of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Conger,] from the Committee on
Printing. He thought, too, he was justified in
arriving at that conclusion from the remark of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Milliard,]
who had expressed his unwillingness to print a
part of this document. From these gentlemen
he (Mr. C.)_ differed. He thought they should
send out this document to the country; they
should give the people all the information they
possessed themselves. If this subject had be-
come unpleasant to gentlemen, it should be remem-
bered that they had brought it on themselves.
They had made their own bed, and therefore he
would permit them to lie down upon it. They have
nothing to charge against anybody—no complaint
to make but against themselves.
But there was one thing in connection with this
correspondence, when it was originally called for,
to which he ought to advert, after hearing the
ground taken by gentlemen this day. The corre-
spondence of Generals Scott and Taylor, the Sec-
retary of War, and Mr. Commissioner Trist, was
called for by virtue of a resolution of this House,
which contemplated obtaining information in ref-
erence to an issue made between two of these par-
ticular individuals. This point had been responded
to, and yet now the gentlemen say that the main
issue has been avoided, and the documents they
require have been suppressed. And what were
they? Why,'documents in relation to charges
preferred against Major General Pillow. In the
speeches of gentlemen, as reported, when this sub-
ject was heretofore before the House, he found
nothing in relation to Major General Pillow, nor
had he heard anything on that subject until this
morning. This was the first time that this subject
had been brought up here. No one had been noti-
fied that the object of gentlemen in calling for this
correspondence was to make any charge against
or attack on Major General Pillow, or to sustain
any made against him in any other quarter.
Now, however, gentlemen accused the President
of a dereliction of duty in relation to some docu-
ment in which Mr. Commissioner Trist had made
some accusations. He begged gentlemen not to
abandon the issue which they had first made,
which related to General Scott and the War De-
partment. Let them hold on to that issue If
they also desired any information in relation to
u-enerai Pillow, and required documents not here-
tofore puolished, they should have his vote to call
for them, if the documents could be published :
without injury to the public interests. But now
! he appealed to them not to travel out of the record.
Lnhghten the pubhc mind with this document, j
Was it bccausegentlemen had discovered that this I
document came rather heavily down on General
Scott that they were anxious to withhold it for the-
present, and until they could become surcharged
with some argument to meet it? Were they will-
ing to stand before the country in this attitude?
Let the document go forth, and the people will
form their own opinions upon it with as much abil-
ity, correctness, and promptness as the gentlemen
opposite could do. If their general stood on high
ground, if the facts stated in this correspondence
would cast no reflection on him, it was impossible
for any one man, however high in office he might
be, to sustain charges against that general without
facts whereon to base them.
If the gentlemen opposite had the right on their
side they should not be afraid of the publication of
facts and details. If, on the publication of these
documents, he found the gentlemen opposite were
right, (for he had not read this correspondence,)
he gave them an assurance he should not persist
in error. Let all stand on a common platform in
this respect. Let nothing be kept in the dark. It*
the course of his remarks he had made no charge
against General Scott or General Taylor, or any of
these parties. He had carefully abstained from
doing so that he might not expose himself to any
imputation* from the other side of having made a
thrust at a man respecting whom he was not irr
possession of the facts. He desired all the infor-
mation they possessed to go to the country, that he
and the people might form an independent opinion.
Till then he should withhold the expression of any
opinion further than that which he had formed
from the documents already before them.
Mr. HILLTARD expressed his opposition to-
printing that part of the document which contained
the letter written by the Secretary of War four
days after the call was made by the House. He
would take the responsibility of that position be-
fore this House and before the people. He was
not willing, by what seemed to him to be misplaced
magnanimity, to give the Secietary of War the
opportunity thus to send forth, in a document
which was to be permanent, a long, labored, well-
prepared defence of the Administration, on con-
sultation with his political friends. There would
be great injustice in this. This was no correspond-
ence of a day. It was not to die in a week. It
was to be entered on the records of this House,
and permanently preserved here. The gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] with great ingenuity,
had endeavored to turn the issue here, and had
appealed to his (Mr. H.'s) magnanimity on this
subject. He had asked him if he would suppress
a document that came from the Secretary of War.
In reply, he asked the gentleman from Georgia if
he would do such injustice to a gallant officer like
General Scott, who had exposed his life in battle,
and performed the most brilliant exploits known to *
modern times ?
Would the gentleman from Georgia do the injus-
tice to that officer of allowing the Secretary of War
to send out and spread abroad, in a document of
this House, charges which will touch the sensibili-
ties and the character of General Scott, before they
were despatched to that officer, and before a line
could be received in reply? He (Mr. H.) could
not be made a party to a scheme of this sort; and
he was willing to assume the responsibility of
withholding the Secretary's letter. Let General
Scott reply to that document. Let him have the
opportunity of making a manly defence; and then,
if gentlemen desired it, he would willingly vote to
print fifty thousand copies of Secretary Marcy's
letter and General Scott's reply together. But
until the reply was received, ne appealed to the
magnanimity of gentlemen, and he asked them to
stand by him in protecting the character of an
absent officer until he could be heard in his own
defence.
Mr. COBB understood the gentleman from Ala-
bama desired to wait until General Scott's reply
could be received. Now, he understood that this
letter of the Secretary of War was a reply to one
of General iScott's; if, therefore, they were to wait
for General Scott's rejoinder, they must, in justice,
wait for the Secretary's replication; and when
would the public ever get the correspondence?
Mr. KING, of Georgia, having made a brief
explanation—
Mr. HILLIARD resumed, and proceeded to
show, that on the 17th of April, the resolution was
adopted by this House calling on the President for
certain correspondence. lie here read the reso-
