1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
698
lution, to show its nature and character, and then
he appealed to the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Cobb] to change his ground. He appealed also to
the magnanimity of other gentlemen to change the
position they had taken. If they persisted, after
hearing the terms of this resolution, he should look
with amazement on the course of those gentlemen.
He appealed to the sober sense of the House if,
-when this call was made, on the 17th day of April,
there had been any correspondence between Gen-
eral Scott and the Secretary of War embracing
this letter? Had it then an existence' Gould the
House have contemplated the calling for a letter of
which not only the great body of the House had
heard nothing, but which was actually not written '
Could they, then, have expected a letter of this
sort to be embraced in their call? What was the
fact? On the 17th of April the call was made; on
the 21st, four days afterwards, Mr. Marcy com-
menced his reply to General Scott, arter having
been informed that the call had been made for the
correspondence on the part of the House, and, ten
days after the call was made, this labored ex parte
letter was presented to this House in obcdience to
the call, although it had been written but some six
days since. And for the publication of such adoc-
iiment gentlemen appealed to his magnanimity,
forsooth! It was an insult to print this letter under
the circumstances, and gentlemen might appeal to
his magnanimity forever, and he would not assent
to it. He would resist it to the last, for he was
unwilling to see injustice done to an honorable
gentleman and a gallant officer. He would not
stand by and silently see him thrust at in this way.
He could not suppress his indignation at such an
attempt—his pure, unaffected indignation, and he
wondered it had not reached the bosom of the Sec-
l'etaiy of War.
Mr. HOUSTON asked his colleague if he was
willing that the letter should be cut in two, pre-
cisely at the point where it was being written when
the information reached the Secretary of the pas-
sage of the resolutions calling for the correspond-
-ence ?
Mr. HILLIARD said the letter was dated on
the Slst of April. The place and time were given •,
how then could the gentleman ask, or by any re-
sort to special pleading suggest t0 the minds of
others, whether this letter had not been prepared
•before? If it had been prepared before, why had
it not been sent in the next day? Why wait until
the 27th? Because it was designed that this letter
should be written and embraced in this correspond-
ence, and sent out to mulce an impression on the
publufmind* Nojgentlcmen could not escape from
the position in which they were placed by special
pleading of that sort, afid he called upon them to
abandon the ground they have taken, and withhold
this letter until the reply from General Scott could
some, and then he would join them in giving both
to the public. At any time he would do this, and
he should not look round him to see who voted
with him. If he were satisfied that he was right,
he was prepared at any time to take his position,
if he gave his vote solitary and alone. He was
willing to stand on this question in that position,
for he was sorry to see a House of which he was
a member lending itself to these schemes and con-
trivances of the Administration.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, concurrcd mainly
with thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Milliard.]
He believed, as far as he had any evidence, that
this far-famed reply of the Secretary of War had
been written for the occasion; and that Mr. Marcy's
conduct had been such that he was not entitled
to the publication of it at their hands unless they
should, think proper to print it. But, notwith-
standing this, he (Mr. H.) wished it to go to the
country, for he was satisfied, so far as the reputa-
tion of General Scott was concerned, it would be
vindicated by the country.
Mr. HILLIARD might concur with the gentle-
man from Delaware, if there was no other means
of publishing Mr. Marcy's letter; but, as he had
said, as the press was open to him, he (Mr. H.)
would not be willing to put it in a permanent form,
by printing it as part of a document sent to this
body, and furnishing it to the country at large
until General Scott could be heard in reply. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] suspected that
he (Mr. H.) had too much foresight and discretion
to print this reply of the Secretary of-War. He
begged to assure that gentleman that he had not
examined it, but he supposed, judging from the
remarks of gentlemen on the other side, that the
reply was a bitter partisan document.
The present Administration hold the power of
the General Government, and the Whigs have a
majority in this House. Every other department
was against the Whig party. And when they
made a call for correspondence of any description
whatever, it must be' presumed that they were in
a position antagonistical to the dynasty, and it-
would follow that the-Administration would be
unwilling to commit itself. If this House made a
call, therefore, the department would equivocate,
and this House had to make call on call before
they could get facts before the country. This
House was in this anomalous position. In the
British Parliament, if a member should defend the
course which Mr. Secretary Marcy has taken here,
he would be overwhelmed with indignation; and
even Guizot himself, in the tribune of the French
Chamber of Deputies, would absolutely be com-
pelled to give way before the deafening indignation
of his colleagues. And yet they, the representa-
tives of this great nation—they who represented
the people themselves—were compelled to fight
their way hand to hand with a powerful party,
that now wielded the patronage of this Govern-
ment, to get information for the people; and when
it came, they were expected to print a party letter
written by the Secretary of War, which would be
an act of injustice to the commander of our armies.
He would do no such thing. He found the time
had come when they should speak out, and he
should lose no occasion of doing it, from this time
to the end of the contcst. This letter of Secretary
Marcy, no doubt, he viewed an essential to the de-
fence of this crumbling Administration. Cut it was
the handwriting on the wall. Tins Administration
was as certain to go out of power as it had abused
power; and it would leave no monument behind
of its genius, its wisdom, or its generosity.
Mr." COBB, of Georgia, called the attention of
the gentleman from Alabama to the tariff act of
1846".
Mr. STANTON also asked the gentleman if
that act did not produce more revenue than the
tariff of 1842?
Mr. HILLIARD would answer those questions
at a more appropriate time, but he would not now
be driven from the issues which had been made
with this Administration. Information had been
called for from this Administration, and the Ad-
ministration would only let out as much as would
answer its own purpose. The resolution was lim-
ited in the usual way. Information was callcd for,
if not inconsistent with the public interest, and the
Administration took it that it was not to be fur-
nished if their interest would be thereby affected.
If the Administration would be injured, the infor-
mation was withheld. He confessed when the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley,J some days
since had the courage to get up and present to this
body letters which form part of a correspondence
which had been called for by this House and
refused, and admitted he had rcceivcd them fiom
his friend the Secretary of War, he (Mr. H.) could
not withhold the expression of his surprise, and he
took occasion to ask how they had been obtained.
In answer to his inquiry, the gentleman from In-
diana fully committed the Secretary of War, in
having furnished those letters to a partisan friend,
whicli were denied to this House. The object for
which they had been given to that gentleman was
the defence of the Secretary in not sending them
here. And then as to the Slidell instructions, the
ge*nt!eman from Georgia had undertaken to defend
the Administration for withholding them from this
House, but they had found their way into a news-
paper. The Piesidcnt, in sending a minister to
Mexico to treat between the two Republics, or to
threaten an attack by one upon the other, without
instructions from the people's Representatives in
this House or consultation with the Senate, to pur-
chase or obtain possession of extensive territory
to add to this Union,Awas guilty of a monstrous
assumption of power. He (Mr. H.) cared not if
territory was desirable. He cared not if it was our
interest to purchase California and New Mexico:
without the sanction of this House and consulta-
tion with the Senate, the President had no-right to
open such negotiations.
But to return to the issue. The question was,
should they print this letter of Mr. Secretary Marcy?
Magnanimity and justice forbade-it. The gentle-
man from Georgia said the people would decide
for themselves on this point. He was willing to
appeal to the people. The people mightbe misled
for a time, but ultimately they would do "right.
During party contests they might be misgqided by
party issues, but ultimately the people would come
back; hence he had confidence in attacking this
Administration, for it was one of those contests in
which a man could never fail. He would now
submit the following amendment to the resolution,
to carry out the views which he had <
" Excepting, however,from printing, a letter found among
said documents signed hv the Secretary of War, and pur*
porting to have been written to Major-General Scott four
days after the passage of tlic resolution caUing for the cor-
respondence."
Mr. STANTON said the discussion of this sub-
ject would inevitably attract the public attention,
and create a desire to see that letter. Whether
gentlemen, therefore, should succeed in suppress-
ing it now or not, it would be read by the people.
He had not risen to make a speech on this subject,
but believing there had been discussion enougl'i, he
moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, thereby
cutting off Mr. Hilliard's amendment, and the
main question was ordered.
After some conversation, in which several gen-
tlemen participated, the amendment to the amend-
ment was adopted; and afterwards, in succession,
the amendment and the resolution as amended.
A reconsideration was moved and negatived.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, gave notice, for
the information of the House, that on Wednesday
next he should move that when this House ad-
journs on Thursday, it shall adjourn to meet again
on the succeeding Monthly, to afford an opportuni-
ty lor putting down the spring carpets, &c.
The House then adjournctj.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
mulct thetule, and  eferred:
Bv Mi. FRJIEDLEY . The memorial of sundry citizens
of Dt'law.iio county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to sur-
vey a post route through the State of New Jersey, between
New York and Philadelphia,iu order to constiuct arailroad
betwee n tho«p cities, to got rid of the monopoly by means of
which the State of New Jersey imposes an exorbitant tax
on citizens <>{ other States.
By Mr. HOLME--?, of New York: The petition of A.
Champion and 1,500 other citizens of Mohroe eounty, New
Yoik, asking a tariff of postages on letters, for all distances,
Of two ci nn; also, for the enure exemption of postage oa
newspaper within thirty mites of the publishing office, and
on newspapers over thiity miles from the publishing office,
for all distances, of I wo cents; and foV the special privilege
of the public, the petitioner ask that the people may be al-
lowed to send new>paper-< through the post officeYor one
cent, and not three cents, and that prepaid, as at present.
By Mr, PIII'M'S: Tin* petition of K. D. McKenaey and
other securities nf S. II. Bunrh, late Osairo sub-agent, pray-
ing to be i cleaned fiom the payment of one thousand dollars
sfo'on from said Hunch.
|{y Mr. ST. JOHN : Throe petitions of inhabitants of tho
city oi New York, praying Congress to ptuchase Mount Ver-
non, in order that the grounds and tomb of Washington may
he kepf in a Miit ibte and piopcr state of preservation.
By Mr. TWRF.DY: The petition of J. Beston and 22
othois, for a post loute from Sheboygan, along the Madison
load, to Auburn post office, on post route 4,462.
By Mr. WKNTWORTH : The petition of citizens of Mc-
Ileorv county, Illinois, for a mail route from Dorr, via Erin
and Highland, to Geneva, Wisconsin. Also, for a route from
Morris Court house to Massou. Also, from Dorr, via Heb-
ron, 10 Richmond. -
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Joseph Chaffee,
praying Congress to adpisf and pay his chum against the
Wyandot Indian--, in aeeoi dance with the provisions of a
treatv with that people m ltM2.
By Mr. FAlUtELLY : The petition of citizens of Phila-
delphia, foi a post road between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
William rirm.in, of Penn^ivania, a soldier of the late war,
pravuu; foi lelief.
Bv Mr. GAINES : The petition of David McNair, pray-
xntr a pension foi services in the last war with Great Britain.
liy Mr. STRWART, of Pennsjlvanta: An application for
the renewal of the patent of James Harley lor, "casUng
chilled ioils."
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 27, 1848.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of David Baker, praying an extension of
his patent for an improvement in the curvilinear
saw-mill; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Richard .T. Merrick, an officer m the
army setting forth the loss of his vouchers after
he had deposited them in the hands of the proper
accounting officer of the Government, and praying
