1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
petition of Miles Devine, and it was laid on the
i table.
Mr. MACLAY, from the Committeeon Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of John Goulding.
Read and committed.
. Mr. GREGORY, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House receive proposals
for binding books and-documents ordered by the House, and
that he submit the same to the Committee on Accounts for
its examination and approval.
Mr. COBB, ofGeorgia, desired information from
the committee reporting, as to the manner of pro-
curing the binding for the House. Heretofore, he
believed, the binding had been done by the printer;
but now it seemed to be the object of the resolution
to require the committee to contract for it. He
deprecated the contract system; and, as an instance
that it was unwise, he referred to the manifest
deterioration in the quality of the public printing
which was now done by contract.
Mr. GREGORY said the committee, in looking
over the-accounts, had found heavy items of charge
for binding, but no fixed rule to regulate the price;
and that the committee had determined, from the
first, to adopt some definite rule upon the subject;
and they had considered the present a proper time
to do so, before deciding upon the proposition to
bind the hundred thousand volumes of the Patent
Office report at seventeen cents a copy.
Mr. KENNON further explained, that the ob-
ject of the committee was to have the binding done
in a workmanlike manner, and with due respect
to economy. As it was now, the printer contracted
for the binding. The cornmitteee desired to make
the contract directly with the binders.
Mr. STARKWEATHER added the remark,
that the Committeeon Accounts were satisfied that
the Patent Office report could be bound for twelve
cents a copy, instead of going- to the limitation of
seventeen cents. The object of the resolution was
to place this binding under the control of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, not to take it away from the
printers, if they will do the work as cheap and in
as good style as others.
Mr. HENLEY replied to the objections to the
contract system urged by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] He was himself generally
in favor of the contract system, and he defended
the experiment now being made with the public
printing from the charge th'at the quality of the
work has deteriorated under the effects of it. He
stated, and promised to show more particularly
hereafter, that the present contract would effect a
saving of sixty per cent, on the prices heretofore,
paid for printing.
Mr. KliNG, of Massachusetts, further stated
and explained the object and the necessity for the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, spoke in favor
of the resolution, urging its adoption especially in
view of the saving of five thousand dollars in the
single item of the binding of the Patent Office re-
port. Nevertheless, he rose to express his firm
belief that every honest man ought to denounce
and expose the folly of the contract system as
practised by this House. He would go before
his constituents with this denunciation, and show
them its tendency to interrupt and ilesti'oy their
most reliable sources of public information. He
went for electing a public printer; and whenever
the Whigs happen to be in the majority, he said,
let them give the place to their friends. A press
at the seat of government could not be supported
on either side, without the observance of this time-
honored rule; whereas, if we go upon this contract
system, we shall break down every press we have
here; and the press in this city was worth to the
people vastly more than all our public documents.
But when you come down to the mere outside of a
book, he said, he would go for economy, because
it involved no question which might injuriously
affect the intelligence of the people.
After further remarks by Mr. CONGER and
Mr. COLLAMER—the latter proposing an amend-
ment, with a view to equalize the distribution by
the Clerk of extra printed documents, under the
resolution of March 20, which was ruled -out of
order—
The resolution, as reported by the committee,
was adopted.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
■reported a bill for the relief of Oliver C. Harris.
Read twice, and committed.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported adversely to the proposition to print
a report of the Secretary of War, being a statement
showing the names of pensioners placed on the
pension rolls since the 12th of October, 1835, desig-
nating the name, rank, line, county, State, <fec., of
each.
Mr. C.* would take the occasion of making this
report, to reply to the statement of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] on yesterday,in which
that gentleman seemed to charge that this side of
the House had changed their desire to print the
army correspondence, after they began to know its
contents. Mr. C. was as well informed as to the
matter of that correspondence, when he agreed to
the resolution reported by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Henley,] as he was now. He had
changed his mind on tins subject wholly in view
>of the expense involved; and such, he believed,
was the feeling which induced the chief of the op-
position to the order.
%Mr. STEPHENS desired to offer an amendment
to the resolution reported, rescinding the resolution
of the 20th March, in relation to the distribution
by the Clerk of extra printed documents; which
was read, and ruled out of order.
The resolution reported by the Committee on
Printing was then adopted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. vHOUSTON, of Alabama, (by unanimous
consent, )rose for the explanation of words attributed
to him m the debute which took place in the House
yesterday. He found that a portion of the remarks
submitted by him had been imperfectly leported
in a city paper—evidently without intention to
misrepresent on the part of the reporter. He was
made to say what seemed to be a reflection on
another member, and it was theiefure that lie de-
sired to explain. This was the first time he had
asked such a thing since he had been a member;
and he would not now ask it, but for the fact
that a fellow-member was implicated, and i'oi his
desire, as far as he could, to withdraw from pub-
lication any remark which might seem to reflect
upon him. in the report, he was made to refer
to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] m the following language:
" The charge agamst the Secretary of War would have
been very serious, if proceeding from any serious orrcspect-
al)le source."
Now, he desired to say that he did not use that
language. Ho neither said, nor intended 40 say,
anything calculated to reflect upon that gentleman,
personally, or to disparage his respectability here or
anywhere else. He regarded that gentleman with
as much respect as any member of the House, and
had no reason to speak of him disiespectfuily m
any sense, lie had felt it to be his duty towards
thut gentleman, the ilouse, and himself, to make
this statement.
Mr. OL1NG-MAN. On looking over the report,
I observed that thcie wusa mistake. 1 am entirely
saiislied with the explanation.
The House ttien adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, *3pHl 28, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, made in compliance with a resolution
of the 3d instant, calling for a statement of permits
granted under the acts for the armed occupation of
Florida.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, Thai it be puuted, uiul that fifteen hundred ad-
ditional copies be printed fot the use of the General Land
Office.
RESOLUTIONS OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a
resolution passed by the Legislature of the State
of Louisiana, expressing their admiration of the
efforts of Pope Pius the Ninth, to extend within
his dominions the principles of civil liberty, and in
favor of the establishment of diplomatic relations
between the Government of the United States and
the Court of Rome; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture, in favor of the enactment of a law to extend
the jurisdiction of the State of Louisiana over
certain portions of the Sabine river; which was
referred to the Committee on the Juidlciafy, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture, in favor of the enactment of a taw to reim-
burse the parishes of St. Mary, St. Martin, La-
fayette, and Vermilion, the money paid for the
purchase of certain land records in the district of
Attakapas, in the State of Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture, in favor of the establishment of a light-house
at the mouth of Sabine river; which was referred'
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture in favor of extending the port of Shields-
borough, in the district of Pearl river, to Cat and
Ship Islands, and the erection of light-houaes on
Ship Island and Proctor'3 Shell Bank, in the State
of Louisiana; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed. s
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture in favor of the establishment of a navy-yard
at Algiers, or some other place on the Mississippi
river, within the limits of that State; which was
| referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture in favor of the establishment of a mail route
from Winsborough to Monroe, in thatState; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the same Legisla-
ture in favor of the adoption of measures to pre-
vent the deterioration of that species of sugar cane
' called the Riband cane; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial of citizens
of Vermont, praying the purchase of Mount Ver-
non by the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented two memorials of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that a territory west of the Mississippi river may
be set apart for the permanent home of the Indian
tribes inhabiting the United States; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of citizens of
the counties of Shenandoah and Frederick, Vir-
ginia, praying the establishment of a post route
from Gravel Spring to Woodstock, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post.Roads.
Mr. NILES presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that Congress may authorize
the construction of a railroad between the cities of
New York and Philadelphia, for the purpose of
facilitating the transportation of the mail and re-
lieving the public from an alleged monopoly; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Library bp dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
Thomas i<\ Gordon, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
IMPORTATION OF SUGAR.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
fqllowmg resolution, which was considered by
! unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to repnit to the Senate the quantity of suear imported into
the United Stales duung the last and during the three pre-
ceding veais, the places from whence imported, the quan-
tity of the several qualities, and the prices, respectively, at
the places ot export.
THE LATE JOHN QT7INCY ADAMS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Rcsolced, That the Secretary of the Senate proettre, for
the use of the Senate, 5,000 copies of the addresses made by
the Speaker and members of the House of Representatives,
and of the addresses made to the Senate, together vvith the
discourse of the Rev. Mr. Gurley, upon the occasion of the
death of the Hon. John Quiney Adams.I'"™
be obtained upon the same terms that 90,000 copies of the
same were furnished to the House of Representatives.
APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
folio wing resolution for consideration.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested toinform the Senate whether any officers are now
