1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
propose an amendment, to prevent these commis-
missioners from settling any claims in which they
or either of them may be personally interested. It
has been also said, in the course of debate, that
these claims were, or would be, the subject of
extensive speculation. That objection may be
easily obviated by an amendment; "and before I
proceed-to the few remarks on the constitutional
question which I intend to submit to the Senate, I
give.jiotice that I intend to offer an amendment,
which I will request the Secretary to read.
The Secretary then read the amendment, which
is as follows:
Add the following section:
Sec. 3. JLnd be it further enacted. That the persons hereby
appointed to examine the said claims shall, before they en-
ter on the duties assigned to them, be first duly sworn or
affirmed to faithfully perform the duties devolved on them
by this act; and that in no case shall they or either of them
examine or allow any elaim in which he or any of them is
personally interested. And in all cases where any claim
has been assigned or transferred by the original claimant,
the assignee shall be allowed no moie than lie paid foi the
claim, with lawful interest on that amount.
Mr. CLAYTON. This amendment, I think,
obviates all objections which have been fairly taken
in debate, with the exception of the conslitutional
objection.
It is contended that the Congress of the United
States has no power under the Constitution to name
the persons who shall ascertain the amount of claims
which they-are called upon to settle; but that all
such persons are " officers," to be appointed only
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. I do not concur in that con-
struction of the Constitution. It is my opinion,
after giving to this subject all the investigation that
I am capable of bestowing upon it, that the Congress
of the United States has the right necessarily in-
cident to its general legislative power, to appoint
persons to take testimony for tliem, or to arbitrate
claims between the Government and any private
individuals, or to settle and adjust the amount due
from the Government to these individuals. I hold
that Congress possesses this power as a necessary
and indispensable part of its legislative power.
The Constitution confers upon Congress all the
legislative power given by that instrument. Among
the trust powers of Congress expressly mentioned
in the Constitution, is the power to pay the debts
of the United States, and to exercise all other
powers necessary and proper to carry that power
into execution. The power to pay the claims due
from the Government to individuals was a right
devolved upon the legislative body when the Con-
stitution first went into operation; and Congress
has exercised that power from the earliest period
to the present day, in every case and form in which
it thought proper to exercise it.
I shall not go through the statute-book to show
how often Congress has appointed an arbitrator to
settle a private claim between au indiyiduat and
the Government. Some cases of that description
are of recent occurrence; and it is true, as was
remarked in the progress of debate, that an arbi-
trator in the case of the island on which Fort Del-
aware stands, was named to settle the controversy
between the claimants in one State against the
General Government, holding under the title of
another State, by two bills which passed this body.
I grant'that two, three, or half a dozen precedents
will not settle a question of constitutional law.
But if we can show, that from the very origin of
the Government down to this time, Congress has
been in the habit of designating individuals to settle
and adjust claims between the Government and
claimants, and that such has been the practice of
the Government ah urbt condita down to this time;
if the principle has been settled by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and proclaimed judi-
cially, then we are justified in regarding this ques-
tion as settled, if anything can be considered as
settled and determined. Allow me to read from
the judicial declaration of the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court two passages, for the purpose of
explaining what, in my opinion, ought to be re-
garded as the principle binding upon us:
" Ji. co-ntemoorary exposition of the Constitution, practised
and acquiesced under for a period of years, fines the con-
struction, and the court will not shake or contiol it."
" It will probably be found, when we look to the character
of the Constitution of the United States itself, the object
which it seeks to attain, the powers which it confers, the
duties which it enjoins, and the rights which it secures, as
well as to the ltnown historical f.iet, that many of its pro-
visions were matters of compiomisc, of opposing interests
and opinions; that no uniform rule of interpretation can be
applied, which may not allow, oven if it does not positively
demand, many modifications in its actual application to
particular clauses. Perhaps the safest rule of interpretation,
after all, will be found to be, to. look to the nature and ob-
jects of the particular powers, duties, and rights, with all
the light and aids of contemporary history, and to give to
tho words of each, just such operation and force, consistent
with their legitimate, meaning, as to fairly secure and attain
the end proposed."
I think, then, it is clearly established, so far as
precedents can settle it, that Congress has a right
to name the individual who shall settle and adjust
these claims. Honorable gentlemen have advert-
ed to the precedent quoted by the Senator from
North Carolina on my right, where thejudgesofthe
Supreme Court, sitting then as judges of the circuit
court of the United States, exercised the power of
determining upon the claims of the widows and
orphans of those who had died in the revolution-
ary war. And I have not heard any satisfactory
answer given to that decision, though I have been
an attentive listener to the very able argument
presented by the gentleman from Virginia and
others, who have spoken on the subject. W.hat
did [the Chief Justice with his associates decide ?
Why, that in cases of this description, where Con-
gress devolved upon them the duty of deciding
upon claims against the Government, they had the
right to do it; and they actually went on, and did
adjudicate and settle the claims, which they could
not possibly have done, if they had considered that
the Constitution of the United States had been vio-
lated by Congress in the passage of the act, calling
upon them to examine the claims of the widows
and orphans to the pension allowed the relatives
of those who had fallen in the revolutionary war.
Some of those learned and able judges were among
the men who formed the Constitution; they all
ranked among the fathers of the Republic; and it
is impossible that they could have proceeded to
settle and adjudicate these claims under that law,
if they had believed that there was not any consti-
tutional power of Congress to pass this law. They
say, after quoting the law:
"As, therefore, the business assigned to tiiis court by the
act is not judicial, nor directed to be performed judicially,
the act can only be considered as appointing commissioners
for the pui poses mentioned in it by official instead of personal
descriptions.
"That the judges of this court regard themselves as being
the commissioners designated by this act, and therefore as
being at liberty to accept or decline that otlice."
They then proceed to say that they will perform
the duties assigned by the act, and they do perform
them. I contend, then, that in so doing they have
decidcd the whole question now pending before the
Senate. They have determined—and it is impos-
sible to construe the act in any other way—that the
Congress of the United Slates have the right to
appoint commissioners to settle claims against this
Government. What manner of answer is it to say
that they do not act as judges? It is not by virtue
of any judicial power that they proceed to act; but
being designated as individuals to exercise a power
not conferred upon them as judges at all, they pro-
ceed to settle these claims; and m doing so, 1 con-
tend that they have affirmed the power of Congress
in the whole matter.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him whether the law of which ho is now speaking
was not confincd altogether to giving power to these
judges to take evidence only, and that they were
to report to Congress, and not to adjudicate the
claims ?
Mr. CLAYTON. They had power not only to
take evidence, but also to decide upon the claims.
But the honorable gentleman must admit, that if
Congress had the right to appoint them to take
evidence, the whole case is yielded.
Mr. BUTLER. As this precedent seems to be
relied upon, I would ask my honorable friend from
Delaware whether that power was not conferred
by Congress upon the supposition that it was com-
petent for Congress to add to the judicial functions
of the judges by requiring them to perform this
office; and whether it was not, therefore, simply
conferring additional duties upon officers aheady
in existence ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I think I can answer the Sen-
ator by referring him to the language of the judges.
He will perceive from that, that it is not the addi-
tion of a new judicial power.
Mr. BUTLER. I am aware that the judges
assumed the performance of duties without salary;
^but my inquiry was, whether Congress did not act
upon the supposition that they were adding to the
judicial duties of the judges? The point of the de-
cision was, that Congress had attempted t.o devolve
upon them duties which did not belong to them.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator allow me
to read again from the decision of the judges? [He
then read the whole decision.]
The court then say that they were not appointed
as judges. The term "judge" is merely descriptio
pjersontz, and the effect and meaning which tfce
court assign to the act, is nothing more, than if
Congress had said,when passing the act,thatJohn
Jay, and his associate judges, by name—without
calling them judges—should perform this duty.
That is precisely what the judgesitinderstood by
it, as is apparent from their decision; and, there-
fore, I contend that this precedent covers the case,
and settles the whole question now before Con-
gress.
The Chief Justice of the United States says,
"the best light for construing the Constitution is
contemporaneous history;" and I am one of those,
like most of my profession, who have great rev-
erence for well-considered precedents. Congress
has exercised this power, not only in this case, in
which the judges of the Supreme Court solemnly
affirmed the power, but in a great many other cases,
in which no human being ever questioned the ex-
istence of the power. It is difficult to state how
many cases there are of this description. I will
take one case, which occurred in my own recollec-
tion as a member of Congress. I refer to the act
of Congress of the 14th of July, 1832, by which
the Third Auditor of the Treasury, the Second
Comptroller, and Charles Gratiot, were authorized
to examine the claims of the legal representatives
of Nimrod Farrow and Richard Harris. If it had
not been for the fact that the name of Charles Gra-
tiot was inserted in that bill as one of the commis-
sioner, we should have been met by the answer
given to other precedents by honorable gentlemen,
that the new office, or the new duty of commis-
sioner, was conferred upon an officer already ex-
isting—an objection, which, by the by, I think has
no force whatever. But, in this case, the prece-
dent is not liable to that objection. One of the
commissioners was named, by his individual des-
ignation, and no person- made any constitutional
objection. Another precedent is furnished in a bill
wfiich I had the honor myself to report, when
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary. I
allude to the bill for the relief of Stockton & Stokes,
authorizing the Solicitor of the Treasury to adjust
and settle controversies between the Postmaster
General and these individuals. I recollect very
well the history of that bill. We heard counsel
on the subject, and having, as we supposed, be-
come possessed of all that could be urged on both
sides, looking to the interest of the Government,
as well as justfee to the individuals concerned, we
came to the conclusion that it would be best to refer
the whole mutter to Virgil Maxcy, who then hap-
pened to be Solicitor of the Treas^fy. We did not
refer the subject to him, because, as Solicitor of
the Treasury, it was his duty to investigate it, but
because he was a competent arbitrator, and we
were all content that he should decide the contro-
versy. This, then, is another instance, like that
of the Supreme Court, in which the officer selected
to examine and decide claims against the Govern-
ment, was named by his official character as a de-
signatio personce, to indicate the individual who was
to perform the duty. This matter also came he-
fore the Supreme Court, which incidentally decided
the question. For if there had been any constitu-
tional objection to the settlement of the matter by
this officer, the question would have arisen on the
trial, which is reported in 12th Peters' Reports,
The language of the court in this case has been
already quoted by the Senator from Texas,- [Mr.
Rusk.]
Here the court say expressly, that it was in the
power of Congress, and in their discretion, to op-
point any one to settle claims against the Govern-
ment, and thus we have an entire concurrence in
the opinion given by the court in 1792, in the case
of the adjudication of the claims of widows and
orphans. So far, then, as the question has been
presented before the Supreme Court, I maintain
that that court never doubted the power of Con-
gress, but, on the contrary, has given opinions en-
tirely irreconcilable with the idea, that Congress
has not the right to appoint these commissioners.
The true question to be decided is this: Is the
appointment of these persons necessary and prop-
ter, in order to enable, us to legislate on the subject-
