702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
matter of these claims? Honorable gentlemen,-in
the course of debate, have generally given it as
their opinion, that the individuals named in this
bill are the very men that ought to decide upon
these claims—the very men upon whose testimony
they would wish-the matter to be settled. They
are not willing to intrust the adjudication of so
important a matter in California to strangers, and
persons who know nothing of it, or persons in
•whom they have not equal confidence with that
which they repose in Mr. Fremont, and the gen-
tlemen associated with him. They are not willing
to pass the bill with the names of other persons in
it, or without an assurance that these men in whom
they place confidence will be appointed to adjudi-
cate the claims. I ask, then, can any man in these
circumstances undertake to say that it 13 not indis-
pensably necessary and proper to the due exercise of
your legislative power, that you should have the
right to name the men who shall settle these claims?
It is in vain to say that these very individuals may
be appoinled by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. Before I vote
for the bill, I desire to know, not only what the
President may do, but without any possibility of
being deceived, I desire to be assured that these
are to be the very men to do it. On that ground I
vote. 1 am not willing to trust their settlement to
other men. In this opinion many, nay, most
members of the Senate concur. Have we not, then,
the right to say, that these men Shall settle these
claims; that they shall decide before the claimants
receive seven hundred thousand dollars out of the
public treasury? I never before heard, until this
discussion arose, that there was any doubt as to
the constitutional power of Congress to arbitrate a
claim of an individual against this Government.
It certainly is a new principle that Congress has
no such power. I never heard it advanced be-
fore. I will not undertake to consume the time of
the Senate by reviewing the many cases which
have presented themselves bearing upon this
question, but shall content myself with the gen-
eral declaration, that I hold the power to ascer-
tain the justice of claims ogamst the Government
is a necessary incident to the legislative power,
and carries with it the powerto appoint the person
or persons to decide upon the claims. Other cases
might be relied upon, on which i will not dwell.
In one, the Governor of Florida was appointed to
approve the claims before they could be paid. In
many others, the different auditors and secretaiies
have been selected for a similar duty; and Con-
gress has been in the constant habit of imposing
such duties on any officer or pel son it saw fit to
select, without reference to any other consideration
than his fitness for the performance of it as an in-
dividual. I know very well that a legislative pre-
cedent is not considered entitled to much weight,
unless the subject has undergone^discussion; but
these cases are amongst the many which go to
show that Congffess has never heretofore doubted
its right to appoint persons to settle claims against
the Government. On the other hand, it is said
there are several instances in which the President
has appointed commissioneis to settle claims of
individuals against the Government, as in the eases
in which the funds'provided by a treaty with for-
eign Governments have been distributed by com-
missioners appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. These
cases are referred to for the purpose of showm"
that Congress cannot appoint commissioners m
this case. If, however, this argument proves any-
thing, it proves the very reverse of that which is
intended. If, in these cases, the President and
Senate had the power, without authority of C011-
giess, why were the clauses authorizing this mode
of appointment inserted in the acts of Congress?
Surely, if the Constitution gives the power, and the
authouty of Congress was not wanting, these
clauses conferring upon the President and Senate
the power to appoint commissioners should have
been left out. Why were they inserted ? Their
insertion is a clear proof that those who drew the
laws thought that it was necessary that Congress
should authorize, in this ease, the appointment of
commissioneis by the President and Senate. In-
stead, then, of being precedents against the right
of Congress which I now advocate, they are against
the right of others to appoint without the consent
of Congress.
It is somewhat remarkable that now, and for
years past, discussion on the powers of the differ-
ent branches of the Government should run more
frequently upon and against the powers of Con-
gress, than upon the powers of the Executive. In
former days there was a great deal of jealousy of
Executive power. But now the order is reversed.
Power is stealing from the many to the few, and
from the few to one. The order of the day is now
to advocate the exclusive right of the President of
the United States to interfere in cases, where, if
Congress be denied the power to appoint commis-
sioners, they cannot propeily legislate! This is
Executive encroachment with a vengeance 1 I have
never been the advocate of Executive power, and
I never shall be. I stand by the rights of Congress
as I understand them, and as explained to me by
the judges of the courts of the United States. I
hold, that if this power be denied to us, it will be
sometimes impossible forus to legislate as we think
right. We shall in such cases have to pay claims
as the President thinks right. Jf we have not the
right to prescribe the rules of evidence which aie
to govern in the decision of these claims—if we
have not the right to name the persons in whom
we have confidence that are to settle and adjust
them, it is impossible that we can get through the
labor, either by committee or otherwise, of exam-
ining them all, and consequently we never can to
our own satisfaction discharge the duty which de-
volves upon us. I am, therefore, altogether op-
posed to the amendment of the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia.
There was one remark made yesterday by the
Senator from South Carolina, to which I desire to
advert. I understand him as objecting to the bill
because we appointed a paymaster or disbursing
officer without demanding and obtaining security.
If the objection of the gentleman from South Car-
olina be worth anything against the bill or amend-
ment reported by the committee, dofcs it not lie
with all its force against the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia? The amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, which proposes to
take fiom Congress the right to name the commis-
sioners and to give it to the President, contains
the very same piovisions in regard to the disburs-
ing officer who is to pay these claims in California.
If the disbuising officer is not to give security ac-
cording to the bill, there is certainly the same
insecurity in the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia. But in my opinion there is 110 danger of
insecurity 111 eithei case. A disbuising officer must
necessarily give security. In this case we shall
have the security which we have in all other cases;
and we want no more. With regard to the other
objections of the Senator from South Carolina, (I
mean the objections independent of the constitu-
tional objection,) the amendment which I had the
honor to submit, and which I intend to offer at the
proper lime, obviates all these objections. It pre-
cludes these gentlemen from deciding in any case
in which they may be themselves interested. It
cuts up by the roots all the objections which we
have heard uiged about the danger of speculating
in these claims, and subjects these commissioners
to the same responsibility, the same oaths winch
111 all other cases are enjoined upon persons 111 their
Situation.
1 have not thought it necessary, in discussing
this question, to enter into the consideiation of a
matter which was very much debated here, whether
these persons are not " officers" within the mean-
ing of that clause of the Constitution which gives
the President the power of appointment. I do not
care whether they are called officers or not. You
may find half a dozen definitions of the term officer;
but what I mean to say is, that one clause of the
Constitution gives the legislative power to Con-
gress, and another clause confers the power of ap-
pointment upon the President. The two clauses
must be construed together; and the power of ap-
pointment, given to the President of the United
States, must not be so construed as to conflict with
the legislative power of Congress. In every case
in which the appointment or designation of the
commissioner or officer is necessary to the due
discharge of a legislative function, the great con-
stitutional provisions that ordain Congress and
give it legislative power confer the power to make
this appointment. The general appointing power
of the President of the United States, and the
power incident to the discharge of legislative func-
tions, which rests in Congress, are entirely recon-
cilable. If the argument of the gentlemen on the
other side were sound, it wouid deprive us of the
power to appoint commissioners to take evidence.
If good for anything, the argument is good for
that extent; if not, it is good for nothing.
In my judgment, then, the amendment of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia is liable to con-
stitutional objections, and does not remove those
which have been urged against the bill. I shall,
therefore, vote against it; and when the bill comes
up for consideration, I shall move the amendment
which I have had the honor to send to the degjc of
the Secretary.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofMaryland. When this bill
came from the committee in the first instance, and
was first seen by me, I regarded it as being most
clearly objectionable, upon the ground which I am
now about to discuss—trenching upon the consti-
tutional power of the Executive. I was not here
when the bill was discussed as it originally stood;
but I suppose I may infer, that in the opinion of
the majority of the Senate, that discussion was
fatal to the bill, and that the reference to the com-
mittee was made in order to get rid of the objec-
tions which were urged in that debate. Now', as
preliminary to the remarks I propose to offer, I
beg leave to recall the attention of the Senate to
the provision in the original bill, so far as it is ma-
Henal to the point at issue. It was this;
"And for tlie purpose of asceitaining the justice and
amount of such part of said claims as havenotbeen allowed
or authenticated by either of ^aid officers, the President be,
and he is authorized, to appoint a board consisting of John
Chatles Fr£mgnt and two officers of said battalion while in
service."
The decision of the board was to settle the whole
controversy as between the Government of the
Umter! States and the claimants; and the objection
to the provision was, that Lieutenant Colonel Fre-
mont was one of tfie parties named by Congress
to constitute the board. Since then, the bill has
been again before the committee; and I suppose,
with a view to obviate the objection which seemed,
to be apparent on the face of the bill to some, arid,
as I believe, to the majority of the Senate, (or it
would not have been recommitted,) the present
amendment has been proposed. In my opinion,
it does not obviate the objection. The original
bill named Lieutenant Colonel Fremont, and lim-
ited the choice of the President in the selection of
the others to two officers of the California battal-
ion. The provision of the amendment is:
And no unascertained claim Miall be paid until first ex-
amined by the late commander of the California battahon,
J. C. Ff6inont, and b> the late commissar) and the Jatf. pay-
master of the battalion, Captain Hen-ley and Major Reading,
and allowed by them or a majority of them; and pivment of
such unasceit'ained claims, as soon as allowed and certified,
shall i e made to the claimants in California by some prope*
disbursing officer, duly appointed or designated for that pur-
pose."
So far, perhaps, it was within the power of the
Executive. But that did not answer the purpose.
The purpose is not only to exclude claims which
shall not have been examined and allowed by
Lieutenant Colonel Fremont, but to provide for the
payment of the claims which shall be so allowed;
and with a view to that object, the amendment
goes on to say:
a And all claims not presented and allowed within one
year and a hall from the time of passing this bill s.hall be
forever hatred; and the compensation of the examining
persons shall be according to that of their re.-pective ranks
in thu lattj battalion, and shall be paid out of the appropria-
tion contained in this bill, and shall make return of their
proceedings to the War Depaitment."
Now, with all due deference to the committee,
if the original bill was liable to objection, the
amendment is, if possible, still more objectionable.
The objection to the original bill was, that we took
from the Executive the appointment of one mem-
ber of a board, to consist of three persons, limiting
the Executive in the selection of the remaining
members; and the object of the committee, in good
faith of course, and, as they supposed, peifectly
legitimate, was to avoid that objection. Then-
amendment provides for the appointment by Con-
gress of all the membeis of the board. It is quite
immaterial whether the word " appoint1' be found
in the law or not. Jt depends upon the character
of the duty to be performed. The original bill
says that the judgment of the board is to be final
and conclusive on the subject of all the claims—■
final against the Government where the claims are
allowed—final against the claimants where disal-
lowed.
Without attempting to show that the provisions
in both cases are precisely alike, or that, if there
be any difference, it is rather against the amend-
