706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
look to the amendment reported by the commit-
tee you will find that the use of the word "ap-
point" is most carefully eschewed. You cannot
find that word, nor any one of tantamount mean-
ing, in the amendment, from beginning to end. I
will not say that this avoidance of the use of
that term was designed, but, certainly great care
seems to have been taken to avoid the use of this
word. Now, without going into verbal criticism,
let me ask, what is the force of the word " appoint?"
You do not " appoint" to an employment. That
was never heard of. You " appoint" to office. It
is the specific word which is always used in that
connection; and, therefore, I have been struck at
the occurrence of this word in the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware. The human mind is
a curious organ; and the force of habit will often
lead to the use of terms of which the person may
not be conscious. I take this to be a case of that
description. The term " appoint" is legitimate in
this connection, and has crept into the amendment,
though carefully avoided in the original bill and
amendment of the committee. Again: the amend-
ment acknowledges that the exercise of the powers
conferred upon these commissioners is liable to be
very greatly abused. Without this amendment,
the bill would allow the commissioners to decide
upon claims in which they are personally interested.
It is well to guard against that. Not that I sup-
pose that these officers wouM abuse the power, but
there is a liability to abuse. The amendment in-
dicates another great abuse to which theie is a lia-
bility under the original bill. These claims in the
wilds of California are in the hands of persons who
know nothing of their value; who aie conversant
only with Mexican faith, which is no faith at all;
and, as they put very little value upon Mexican
paper, they may estimate all other paper equally
low, and may have passed off these claims for a
mere bagatelle. Here is an obvious source of great
abuse, against which the original bill and theamend-
ment of the committee do not make the slightest
provision. But, while attempting to guard against
this abuse, the Senator ought to have guarded
against all other abuses; aifd, from stem to stern,
the whole of it is subject to abuse. What is the
whole amount of this thing r You withd ra w from
the regular settlement to which all such claims in
all otbercasesare subject—claims against thi-* Gov-
ernment to the amount of seven hundred thousand
dollars—and transfer their settlement to the three
individuals named in this amendment.
There is not a particle of responsibility in the
whole matter. There is nothing comes before the
Government but the certificate of these gentlemen. |
The importance of the routine of examination be- !
fore all the regularly-constituted officers, can only !
be appreciated by those who have had some prac-
tice m it. I claim the honor of instituting this
process of examination, and it has saved to the
Government many thousands of dollars annually.
When I became Secretary of War, I found all the
accounts were sent up to the treasury without pass-
ing through the War Department at all. I" found
there were great abuses. An act was passed,
drawn up by myself, m which I inserted the pro-
vision, that all accounts should pass through the
several bureaus, and if all was found to be right
•after examination, they should be endorsed by the
heads of the bureaus, before presentation at the
treasury for payment. _ What was the effect of
this? 1 found the Medical department costing the
Government a hundred thousand dollars a year.
I brougnt this expenditure down to twenty-five
thousand dollars. Other expenditures were sub-
jected to the same process. The clothing accounts
were reduced two-thirds; the quartermasters' ac-
counts one-half. The expenditures of the depart-
ment were brought down from four millions to two
Hiiihons one hundred thousand.
From the heads of bureaus the accounts were
sent to the Auditor, an officer whose name indicates
his duty, and then to the Comptroller, the highest
officer of the treasury, before they were finally
paid. And you give to these gentlemen the same
power that is confided to ail those officers. Can
this he n^ht' None of these officers have equita-
ble jurisdiction, yet these gentlemen are clothed by
this bill with unlimited powers. All this may be
very safe in the present case. That is not the
question X make at all; but is it safe as a precedent?
I put it solemnly to gentlemen opposite.
: J simply wish to ask this question:
t this expedition had been under the authority of
the United|States,?and Colonel Fremont had been
commanding on detached service, would it not have
been competent for him to have made the requisi-
tions, and for the quartermaster to have supplied
them on the spot, and for the paymaster' to have
paid the amount there, without going through these
forms which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina has been describing?
Mr. CALHOUN. No question at all about that;
but each officer would have acted, in that case, upon
his individual responsibility.
Now, I put this important question: If you ap-
point this hoard of officers, where is the responsi-
bility? What duty is to be performed by the
officer who is to pay the claims allowed by this
board? No other than that which the Secretary
of the Treasury would have to do in regard to
accounts which had regularly passed through all
the forms of examination. The certificate of the
board is his warrant for paying the money, and
he is relieved from all responsibility. We have
had precedent after precedent quoted which are not
at ail analogous. A very brief view will enable us
to determine as to whether the duties assigned to
these men are official duties or not; whether their
functions are those of officers or not. Certainly
they are official duties of the highest character.
Is the Commissary General not an officer? They
perform his duty, or ought to do it. Is the Audi-
tor not an officer? Tjiev must perform all his
duties, or ought to do it. Is the Comptroller of
the Treasury not an officer? They are to perform
all his duties, or ought to do it. And yet, per-
forming all these duties, it is solemnly argued here,
day after day, that they are not to discharge official
duties—that they are not officers. If they are not,
in the name of Heaven, what are they? Extend
this case. It is not only in California that military
operations have been carried on; we have had some
in New Mexico, and some further south under
General Taylor; others, on a larger scale, under
General Scott. Are you willing to adopt the same
process in these cases? Who would dream of such
a thing? Who would be bold enough to come
here, and propose that Geneial Scott and his pay-
master and his commissary should constitute a
board to adjust all the accounts, and draw and pav
away the money? Who would sav that this would
be a safe depository of power? Who would say,
if they were authorized thus to act, that they would
not be officers, to all intents and put poses, such aa
I have described? Can any man doubt it? Theie
may be greater reason for deviating from the ordi-
nary process in settling these claims, but the cases
are in every respect analogous; and there are a
thousand cases where the difficulty would be as
great as in California. Why, the whole country
would be startled, amazed, at the adoption of such
a course of proceeding as this.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will briefly reply to the
objections that have been raised by the Senator
from South Carolina to the amendment which I
have offered. His first objection is, that I have
used the word " appointed'' in reference to these
gentlemen who are to settle these claims in Cali-
fornia. I am entirely willing to modify the phrase,
and substitute the word " designate," or " name,5'
but the word appoint is in itself a word of the same
import. I have a dictionary here of the highest
authority, and I find that the first definitions of the !
word "appoint" are to "allot," "assign," or |
" designate," and as an illustration the following j
is given: " Aaron and his sons shall appoint every i
one his service." So much for that. Now for the j
second objection of the honorable Senator. j
The Senator, commenting on the report of the 1
committee,says, that'under such a provision, Col- 1
onel Fremont, and those associated with him, will
be authorized to settle their own claims. I offered
my amendment, not because I supposed that it
was contemplated by the committee that they
should settle their own claims, but because the ob- ;
jection was raised yesterday, and it was to exclude j
any such inference. The committee said nothing ]
about whether they were to settle their own claims '
or not, nor have I ever heard it suggested as being ;
necessary when a man is appointed as a judge, or j
to decide upon claims, that there should be an ex- i
press provision accompanying the appointment, !
that he should decide no case of his own. Such a :
thing is unnecessary. Yet, I introduced this into i
the amendment, for the purpose of excluding any j
possible inference that they might do so. As to i
the other point, it merely provides that if any per- i
sons speculate in these claims, they shall not spec-
ulate to the disadvantage of the Government. But
the gentleman leaves the amendment and goes into
a discussion of the general subject. His objection
is to the payment of the claims in this way. Fie
says they should be subjected to the ordinary
forms of examination, and the number of offices
through which they would necessarily pass will
furnish a salutary check. It was for the very pur-
pose of preventing the monstrous injustice that
would be done to the individuals who have these
claims, that the measure was introduced. Who
are these claimants ? They are men residing sev-
eral thousand miles away, men destitute of means,
and to say that they shall come here and pursue
their claims, is to say, that they shall never receive
a dollar. The object of the measure is to afford a
competent tribunal where they may be heard, and
their claims adjusted. The gentleman objects, be-
cause the usual formalities will not be observed.
How is it in all cases where commissioners have
been appointed? Take the treaty of Paris, or the
treaty respecting the Spanish claims. Theceitifi-
cates of the commissioners in those and all similar
cases, were by law made conclusive evidence of the
claims, and when presented at the department they
were immediately paid. The certificates of the
board of commissioners in this case will be pre-
cisely similar to those of the commissioners in the
cases to which I have referred. We desire to pre-
vent these poor men from being subjected to the
necessity of travelling to Washington, or of losing
their claims altogether, by paying them upon the
spot where they arose.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say one or two words
in answer to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina. He has foreseen a gieat many difficul-
ties which are to be encounteied if this measure be
adopted. It will be lecollected there are two prin-
cipal and substantial reasons for adopUngit: one
is, that the claims exist in a region exceedingly
remote, and it is utterly impossible for these per-
sons to come here and settle their accounts. If
you require them to do so, it amounts to a refusal
of justice. To compel them to go through the or-
dinary course of application and the usual form of
authentication of their claims, you defeat the very
object you have in view. The second reason is,
as the honorable Senator from North Carolina has
said, you take upon yourselves the advantages of
the conquest, and you are mo redly bound, under
such circumstances, to pay the claims. If we had
pursued the ordinary course, we should have done,
what? We should have sent disbursing offi< ers to
California, with funds to meet the requisitions of
the quartermaster, in obedience to the orders of
the commanding officer. J_ et me say to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that these accounts will
go through the departments, and there will be pre-
cisely the checks which he desires. What testi-
mony is required in the case of the disbursements
made for the army under General Scott? Nothing-
but the requisitions of the commanding general
and the receipts of the parties. The honorable
Senator wishes to have an investigation as to the
justice or proper rate of charges. I believe that is
a thing unheard of. The money is paid on the
requisition of the commanding officer. If fraud
appears to have been practised—if anything appear
which excites suspicion, the necessary information
is required to be produced before the accounts are
permitted to be paid. But if you require the ad-
ministrative officers to judge of the propriety of
the expenses authorized by General Scott, how
are you to get your money back again? All the
guarantee you have is the character and position of
your officers, and that you have got here; and, as
I said, if you pursued the ordinary course, you
would have the certificate of the commanding gen^
e al, and you will have more than that in thiscase,
you have the guarantee of the three gentlemen who
compose the board. Now, I do not know what
the gentleman means when he talks about being
interested. Have you any law making it felony
or a crime at all to be interested ? 1 do not know
why fraud is to be presumed in such a case as this
more than in any other. Fraud may be practised
in California, and it may be practised in Mexico,
and, if it appear, the matter will be investigated,
and the payment checked.
The honorable Senator alluded to the fact that
the certificates might get into other hands. So
they may. Every man knows that on the frontier
when a quartermaster gives a certificate, and it goes
