1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
Mr. McCLELLAND again asUed the unani-
mous consent of the House that the message of
* the President of the United States received this
morning, should be laid before the House.
The SPEAKER said it would be in order by
general consent. •
Mr. BRODHEAD asked that the messages
previously received should first be laid before the
House.
The SPEAKER said all the messages could be
presented with the consent of the House.
Mr. J. R. INGrERSOLL said the message re-
ceived this morning" related to a matter which, if
attended to at all, ought to be promptly. It was
in relation to Yucatan, and contained the corre-
spondence between the Secretary of State and the
Commissioner from that country.
Mr. BRODHEAD withdrew his request for the
previous messages.
Mr. ROOT called for the messages in order.
Mr. McLANE asked if an objection made would
be of avail, if the House went into business m the
order prescribed by the rule which had been read
by the Speaker?
The SPEAKER replied, that in the regular or-
der of business, the documents on the Speaker's
table coukl not be reached until after one hour de-
voted to the reception of reports from committees.
Mr. McLANE. Then it will be in order to
proceed to this business after one hour devoted to
reports?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion to rescind a previous order of the House, dis-
tributing certain documents tothe^diiFerent counties
in the United^ States.
Objection was made.
Tile SPEAKER announced, that by unanimous
consent, the Chair would pioceed to lay before the
House the messages of the President of the Uni-
ted States in their order.
No objection being made—
The House, by general consent, proceeded to
consider the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States in relation to the return of Generals
Santa Anna and Paredes to Mexico, and refusing
to communicate the instructions given to Mr. Slt-
dell as minister to Mexico, on which several mo-
tions to commit were pending.
The message was, on motion of Mr. TOMP-
KINS, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President, received some time
since, informing the House of the recent political
events in France, and the overthrow of the French
monarchy. It was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
YUCATAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following message, this day received from the
President of the United States:
To the Seriate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
I submit, for the consideration of Congies*, several com-
munications received at the Pepattnicnt of State fiom Mi.
Justo Hurra, Commissioner of Yucatan, and also a commu-
nication from the Governor of that State, representing the
condition of extreme Mitleimir to which iheu counti} has
been reduced by an iiiMirrecuon of the Indians within a*
hunts, and asking die aid of rlie I'mted Slates.
The communication* present a ca^e ol human suftcriiu;
and misery which cannot fail to excite the sympaihies oi sill
civilized nations. From these and other sources of infonua-
tion, it appears that the Jndi.ms ot Yucatan are wa^nu^a
war of extermination against the white race, in tins, ciuel
war they span- neither a^e noi sex, but put to death indis-
criminately all who fall within their power. The inhabit-
ants, panic-stricken and destitute of arms, are flying befoie
their savage pursuers towards the coast; und their expulsion
from their country, or theirexterimnation,would seem to be
inevitable, unless they can obtain assistance from abroad.
Jn tills condition they have, through their constituted au-
thorities, implored ihe aid of tins Government to save them
from destruction, offering, in ease tins should be granted, to
tiansfer tjje '' dominion jnd sovereignty of tue peninsula" to
the United States. Sinnhu appeals lor aid and protection
have been made " to the Spanish and the English Govern-
ments."
Whilst it is not my purpose to recommend the adoption
(ifany measure, with a vie.wto the acquisition of the "do-
minion and sovereignty" over Yucatan, yet, according to
our established policy, wc could not consent to a tran^h i of
this <(dominion and soveieignty" either to Spain, Great
Britain, or any other European Power In the language of
President Monroe, in his message ot December, 1823,   vve
< should consider any attempt on then part to extend their
1 system to any portion of this hemispheie as dangerous to
«our peace and safety." In my annual message of Decem-
ber, 184.3,1 declaied that, " near a quarter of a century ago,
cthe principle was distinctlyannounced to the world, in the
'annual message'of one of m> predecessors, that the' Amer-
ican continents, by the tree and independent condition
'which they have assumed and maintained, are henceforth
' not to be considered as subjects fox future coioniza-Uon by
*any European rower.'" "This principle will apply with
i greatly increased force, should any European Power <H-
4 tempt to establish any new colony in North America. In
< the" existing circumstances of the world, the present is
'deemed a proper occasion to reiterate and reattiim the
{ principle avowed by Mr. Moaroe, and to state my cordial
'concurrence irt its wisdom and sound policy. The re-
«assertion of tins principle, especially in reference to North
i America, is at this da}7 but the promulgation of a policy
' which no European Power should cherish the disposition
' to resist. Existing rights of every Eutopean nation should
'be respected; butitisdue alike to our safety and our th-
' te rests that the efficient protection of our laws should be
c extended overourwhole territorial limits, and thatit should
' be distinctly announced to the world, as our settled policy,
'that no future European colony or dominion shall, with
' our consent, be planted or established on any part of the
<Ameucan continent." *
Our own security requires that the established policy thus
announced should guide our conduct, and this applies with
great force to the peninsu! i of Yucatan. It is situate m the
Gulf of Mexico,**!! the Noith Atnei ican continent; and fioni
its vicinity to Cuba, to the cape* of Florida, to New Oilcans,
and indeed to our whole southwestern coast, it would be
dangerous to our peace and secuiity if it should become a
colony of any Euiopean nation.
We have now authentic information, that if the aid asked
fjom the United States be not granted, such aid will ptob-
ably be obtained from some Euiopean Power, which may
hereafter assert a chum to "dominion and sovereignty" over
Yucatan.
Our existing relations with Yucatan are of a peculiar char-
acter, as will be peiceived from the note of the Secretaiy of
State to hei Commissioner, dated on the 24th of TVcember,
last; a copy of which is herewith tran.-mitttd. Yucatan has
never declared bet independence, and we treat hei as a State
of the Mexican Republic. Foi this reason we have never
officially received her (,'ommis«ioner; but whilst this is the
ease, we have, to a considerable extent, recognized hei as a
neutral in oui war with Mexico. .Whilst still considering
Yue.ttan as a poition of Mexico, if wo hud tioop-- to '-pare,
for this purpose, I would deem it proper, durum die contin-
uance oi the war with Mexico, to oeeup.v and hold military
po*ses-ion of her territoiy, and to deh-ud tin' white inhabit-
ants ngainst the inclusions ol the Indian^ m the ^niic vi ay
thai vve have employed our troops in other States of the
Mexican Kepubhc in our possesion, in lepelling Ihe attacks
of savages upon the inhabitants, who have maintained their
neuliiihty in the war. But, unfortunately, we cannot tit the
present, without serious danger, withdiaw our foices fiom
other portions ot the Mexican terutory now in oui occup.t-
tion, and send them lo Yucatan. All that ean be done, under
existing cireum-.tariees^is to employ our naval forces in the
Gulf, not required at otner points, to afford them iclief. Hut
jt is not to be expected that any adequate protection can thus
he afforded, as the operations "of such naval forces must of
necessity be confined to the coast.
I have consulted it proper to communicate, the informa-
tion contained in the accompanying conespondence, and I
submit to the wisdom of Congress to adopt such mcasuies
as, in their judgment, may be expedient to pievent Yucatan
from becoming a colony of any European Power, which, m
no event, could be permitted by the United States ; and at
the name time to rescue the white lace fiom extermination
or expulsion from their country.-
JAMES IC. POLK.
Washington, Jlfril 21), 1848.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, moved
that the message and accompanying documents be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
[Many voices: Refer it to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.]
lie said it was perfectly evident that this was one
of the most interesting messages thatcould possibly
be communicated by the President of the United
States to Congress. He did not know that the
Committee on Territories was the most proper
committee to which the reference could be made:
he did not know, for he had no time to consider,
whether that committee, or the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, or a select committee, was the
most appropriate committee. But he deemed the
occasion appiopnate to make some remarks to
this House on the policy of this Government to-
wards its tenitoncs. It was manifest, that while
the Congress of the United States was occupied in
the various matters which had for some weeks
engrossed its attention, there was lying before
them, demanding their grrave consideration, m re-
lation to several of the States in Mexico, matters
of more important interest to the existence, to the
duration of this Republic, j{mn could be found in
any of the other relations of this Government.
He proposed, if it was in order on this occasion, to
make some remarks upon the general policy of
this Government towards any territories which
might be expected to be acquired from the Repub-
lic of Mexico by treaty of peace or otherwise.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired if such a course
of remark would be in order?
The SPEAKER remarking that he coukl not
decide whether remarks were m order until they
were submitted, said that a general speech on the
subject of territories already embraced within the
limits of the United States, under a treaty which
was understood to have been ratified by the Senate,
would hardly apply to the question of aiding a
people of another territory.
Mr. ROCKWELL said he understood that the
message of the President of the United States cer-
tainly contemplated, when viewed in some aspects,
the annexation of the territory of Yucatan; [cries
of "No, no;"] and the question would arise upon
that message, in what manner the Government
should proceed in relation to any acquisition from
the Republic of Mexico in any manner. .
Mr. COBB made the point of order, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts having very proper-
ly notified the House that it was his intention to*
enlarge his remarks to cover the whole giouml in
relation to territories already annexed, this discus-
j sion was irrelevant, and not in order, on the mo-
tion to refer the message just received. And he
submitted to the Chair, and to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that if the House intended*to take
any order whatever on the message, it was cer-
tainly unwise to.enter upon a general debate; for
the discussion must nccessanly be prolonged,'and
would eventuate in preventing any action. The
message ought to be referred**! once to the proper
Committee, which lie thought was the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs; let the committee report,
and then the House could go into a discussion of
the merits of the question, which would then be
in order. At present u seemed that the only legit-
imate discussion would be as to the propriety ot
referring and printing the document, and not the
whole subject in relation to our territories. He
made this point of order, and he trusted it would
be acquiesced in by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
The SPEAKER stated, that being in the House,
and not in Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union, the rules of the House must apply,
and no remarks would be in order which did not
apply to Yucatan, its condition, tmd the message
of the President of the United States. In Com-
mittee of the Whole, a wider range of debate was
allowed,
A1r. COBB called for the enforcement of the de-
cision.
Mr. ROCKWELL said he made the motion to
refer the message to the Committee on Territories
on the ground that, as he contended, all the terri-
tories hereafter to be annexed, or which might be
annexed, should be annexed as territories, and re-
main for the present in the form of territorial gov-
ernments. The Committee on Territories would
be the appropriate committee to consider first the
message of the President, and then, if any action
of this kind was to be had, it should be in the form
of a projet of a territorial government.
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts would point out any purpose or in-
timation of a purpose in the message that Yucatan
was to be annexed to the United States, then he
would decide the course of remark which the gen-
tleman had indicated to be in order.
Mr. ROCKWELL had understood, from hear-
ing the message hastily read, that the President
had laid before Congress the situation of the State
of Yucatan—the situation of its white population,
the extreme danger in which they were from the
uprising of the Indians within that State; that he
had called the attention of Congress to the cele-
brated declaration of Mr. Monroe in 1823, in rela-
tion to the dominion or interference of any Euro-
pean or other foreign Power upon any of the
territory on this continent; that he had called the
attention of Congress to this piatter with a view to
action; action looking to and securing protection
for the people of the State of Yucatan; that, al-
though he had not recommended, he had made
various suggestions looking to the ultimatg occu-
pation of that country—the temporary occupation
for the purpose of protection; and he (Mr. R.)
apprehended that the questions legitimately arose
—first, shall that occupation be made? second,
with what view? and third, in what manner: He
proposed to discuss these questions,and he thought,
if anything was to be done with relation to acquir-
ing the territory, it should be done in the ioim of
a territorial government. Such was the condition
of that people, such their intellectual and social
state, that this was the only fit way in which any
portion of the territory of Mexico could ripen into
a State The remarks he was about to make in
reference to Yucatan were equally applicable to
any other part of Mexico which we were about to
annex or might hereafter annex.
