1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
Power there, would seize on Yucatan, than that
I, as an individual, would. Who can suppose,
engrossed'as she is, and all other Powers in that
quarter of the globe are, with questions connected
with their existence, that they could, for a moment,
entertain an idea of the kind? England has enough
to attend to at home. Who can tell what may be
her condition? The supposition of the possibility
of such a step on her part, seems to me strange and
unaccountable. I did hope that the experience of,
the Mexican war—that precipitate and rash meas-
ure, which has cost the country sd dearly in blood
and treasure—would have taught the Administra-
tion moderation and caution, and induced them to
shut! any course of policy calculated to plunge the
country in a similar cost and sacrifice. Who can
form an estimate of the expenditure, the sacrifice
of life, and the difficulties to which the adoption of
the President's recommendation in this case would
lead? The condition of Europe ought to admonish
us against taking it.
What are the causes which have led to its pres-
ent upheaving, and the reeling to and fro of all her
Governments? What are those which are assigned
for the overthrow of the French monarchy, and
the danger that threatens the British with the same
fate? Among the prominent is the heavy burden
imposed on the people, which has crushed them
to the earth, and which has been continually in-
creasing. It is charged that the onerous burden
imposed on the people of France by the mighty
wars of Napoleon, instead of being diminished,
were actually increased under the Government of
its late monarch, and that those imposed on the
people of England to resist his gigantic power, are
as great as they were at the end of the mighty con-
test between the two Powers, allowance being made
for the depreciation of the currency. Are we not
fairly liable to the same charge? Has there been
any alleviation of the burden imposed on our peo-
ple by the payment of the debts of the Revolution,
or the war of 1S12? Are our expenses less than
they were in the war of 1812, allowing for the de-
preciation of the currency during that conflict?
Those who have not attended to the subject would
be surprised, on comparing the expenses of the
Government now with what it was during Mr.
Monroe's administration. It terminated in 1825,
twenty-three years ago. The average expenditure
of that administration did not exceed $10,000,000
annually, deducting the payment of the principal
and interest of the public debt. It is difficult to
say what it is now; it will probably be not less than
$30,000,000. It is true, our population has in-
creased, but it has probably not more than doubled,
while our expenses has increased three-fold. And
yet, heedless of consequences, it is proposed to
adopt a course of policy, before we have extrica-
ted ourselves from the burden and losses of the
Mexican war, which may lead to expenses and
sacrifices of which no one can form even a conjec-
ture. I am willing, on the score of humanity, to
go as far as we can with safety and propriety, in
this case. How far that is, 1 ain not prepared to
say; but I cannot possibly support the course of
policy recommended by the President, as 1 un-
derstand the message. 1 am not certain as to
what he intends; but be it such as 1 suppose or
not, 1 cannot but regret that he should mix up
what ought to be an appeal purely to our human-
ity with the considerations he has. The case of
Yucatan is indeed an awful one. In the midst of
our sympathy, we may derive instructions from
it. Ihe people of Yucatan, after they threw oif
the Spanish yoke, acting on the idea that all
men are qualified to enjoy the blessing of libeity,
and ought of right to possess it, liberated the
large mass of their population, consisting of
aborigines in a state of ignorance and subjection,
and raised them to a level with themselves, by
making them citizens. The result is such as we
this day witness. They were too ignorant to
appreciate liberty, or exercise the rights it con-
ferred; and instead of giatitude, they have turned
round and murdered those who conferred it on
them, and laid waste and devastated the country.
Such aie the fruits of a misguided, misjudging
philanthropy, combined with erroneous political
notions, winch are so prevalent at the present time
in more enlightened and civilized countries, but
which, whenever reduced to practice, must lead to
disastrous consequences.
Mr. HANNEGAN. 1 cannot but think that
tjie honorable Senator from South Carolina has
misconceived, 'to a very great extent, the reasons
assigned by the President for making the recom-
mendation which he has made. I am inclined to
think the Senator must have mistaken the nature
of the message; and 1 would now proceed to set
him right upon the subject, but for a reason which
1 suppose is known to every Senator, on account
of which I intend to move an adjournment. It is
out of respect to a member of this body, who is
at this moment in the agonies of death. I dislike
that the discussion should be proceeded with at
such a time, and 1 therefore move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw his motion for a moment, in order
that I may make a suggestion in reference to what
has been said by the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. H ANN EGA N. If the debate be allowed
to proceed, it will occupy the whole day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. W ill the gen-
tleman allow the question to be taken on a motion
to print before he moves an adjournment?
Mr. HANNEGAN. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise for the purpose of urging
on the honorable Senator from Indiana, whose offi-
cial station as chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, seems to indicate the peculiar propri-
ety of a suitable response to what has fallen from
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, being
offered by him. The unhappy condition of one of
our most worthy associates in this body, so pa-
thetically alluded to by the Senator from Indiana,
might well prevent a long debate at the present
moment. But, yielding to none in sympathy for
my suffering friend and his distressed family, I
feel bound to insist, that at least a few remarks
should be made by some Senator in defenceofthe
Executive message so pointedly and, as 1 think,
unjustly assailed, by the Senator from South Caro-
lina. The speecli of the Senator from South Caro-
lina going out without any icply, is well calculated
to engender prejudice and diffuse error, as 1 am sure,
in relation to a great question, involving most deep-
ly the honor and welfare of the Republic, and
which, in several of its bearings, is one of peculiar
delicacy to the presentcondition of our country and
the civilized world. I hope the honorable Senator
from Indiana will consent to say something at once
in defence of the message. If he will not, as he
seems unwilling to do, 1 feel bound to say, before
I yield the floor, what I am convinced will be jus-
tified by the reading of the document in question,
when it shall have been examined, that it has been
most surprisingly misunderstood by the Senator
from South Carolina, who, "taking the question
at the first pop," as he styles it, has entirely failed
to interpret the language of the message with even
an approximation to his usual accuracy in such
matteis. I have read the message at the Clerk's
table, and feel authorized to insist, that had the
distinguished Senator from South Carolina done
hunsell and the country the justice to examine it j
before he indulged in the harsh strictures to which I
we have listened, he never would have uttered j
U. o-thiids of what we have heard from him on the
present occasion. 1 solemnly invoke a complete
suspension of the public judgment m regard to the
message until it shall have been printed and dis-
passionately examined.
Mr. jtlAiNMEGAN. I feel as much anxiety to
reply to what has fallen from the Senator from
South Carolina as the Senator from Mississippi
can do; but iron) the fdet 1 have stated, I feel a
disinclination to do so at present.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 1, 1848. |
The Journal of Satutday was read and approved. |
The SPEAKER stated, that when the House j
adjourned on Saturday last, the question pending j
was on the motion of Mr. McKay to suspend the
rules, to enable him to offer a lesolution fixing the
hour of meeting of the House at 10 o'clock, a. m.,
and of the adjournment thereof at 3 o'clock, daily.
After suggestions from various members—
M r. McKAY so modified his motion as merely to
fix the hour of meeting of the House at 11 o'clock,
a. m.; which was agieed to: and the House will
accordingly meet hereafter at 11 o'clock, a. m.
Mr. VINTON moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution he has heretofore
sought to offer, making the various appropriation
bills and the bill to regulate the appointment of
clerks in the Executive departments the special'
order of the day for Wednesday next, at one hour
after the^meeting of the House, and for every sub-
sequent day at the same hour, Fridays and Satur-
days excepted, until they are finally disposed of.
Mr. F1CKLIN hoped his friend from Ohio
would consent this time to include the Oregon bill.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. FICKLIN wished to move an amendment,
to include the Oregon bill.'
The SPEAKER stated that no amendment was
now in order, as the question was put upon the
suspension of the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, wished to inquire
if the gentleman from Ohio had made the effort in
committee to take up these bills?
The SPEAKER stated that no debate was in
order.
Ml"- VINTON replied, if it was in order, he
would cheerfully answer the inquiry; and, no ob-
jection being made, he said that the first-named
bill had been taken up in committee nearly a month
ago, and they had not been able to reach it since,
on account of the special orders which had put it
aside.
_ Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, inquired if
it would be in order to move an amendment to take
up all the private bills on the Speaker's table?
Ihe SPEAKER replied that the resolution was
not open to amendment, not having yet been re-
ceived .
Mr. HOLMES;added, that it didjthis House no
credit to stop the whole legislation of the country.
He spoke of both political parties.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked if there was not
aheacly a special order for tile day named—being
the bill relative to granting bounty-land warrants?
Mr. VINTON supposed, in c.tse there was
already a special order, this would take its place
subsequent to that, and the bills would be acted
upon in the order named in the resolution.
The motion to suspend the rules was decided by
yeas and nays: Yeas'l27, nays 25.
Two-thirds having voted in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended, and the resolution received.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question. .
Mr. FICKLIN hoped the call for the previous
question would not be persisted in.
Mr. VINTON said he felt called upon to persist
in the motion.
Mr. McKAY suggested a modification of the
resolution so as to pluce the bill in relation to the
appointment of clerks before the naval service bill.
Mr. VINTON had no objection so to modify
the resolution; and it was modified accordingly.
The House then seconded the demand for the
previous question; and the main question being
put, the resolution was agreed to.
OBITUARY.
A message was received from, the Senate an-
nouncing the decease of the Hon. Chester Ash-
ley and the proceedings of the Senate thereon.
The resolutions of the Senate having been read—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose and address-
ed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The message just received from
the Senate announces to this llouse the melan-
choly intelligence that death has again visited the
halls of our National Council. The Hon. Ches-
ter Ashi.ey, late a Senator of the State of Arkan-
sas, is no more.
He is the second Senator, in the brief existence
of Arkansas as a State of this Union, who has died,
in the maturity of years which promised wisdom
and usefulness, in the full vigor of a sound consti-
tution, and the enjoyment of a general good health
that promised long life.
He died, sir, on Saturday last, the 29th of April,
at two o'clock in the afternoon, after a short but
painfully afflicting illness. Conscious of his ap-
proaching dissolution, he made the fullest prepara-
tion Granted to him, as it was, to enjoy the ful
possession of his intellect to the latest moment, but
with a heart full of solicitude for his bereaved fam-
ily, he died reconciled with God and the world,
calm and resigned. He died in the midst of friends
that were attached to him, and his family that wor-
shipped him. Blessed with the kind offices of a
Christian ministry, he was calmed in the hour of
his last sleep with the elevated thoughts, the pure
and soothing consolations of the Christian religion.
