716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
mournful occasion, to advert, and which prompt
me to offer a slight tribute to his memory. It is,
sir thirty years since we met for the first time
in the then far-off wilderness of the West, he my
senior by many years, then a practising lawyer,
I a student, preparing for that honorable profes-
sion, both buoyant with hope, with a bright and
promising worki before us, and both entering it
with an ardor and a determination to win a name.
Professional business in the winter of 1819-'20,
called the deceased temporarily, as he thought, to
Arkansas, from which he did.not return. Com-
mon report, which reached the friends he had left
in Illinois, told them of the high standing he had
acquired at the bar of that State; and that he had,
by a proper exercise of his talents, amassed a large
fortune. I never saw him again until 1 met him
here as an associate in this Chamber, at the second
session of the twenty-eighth Congress. Our ac-
quaintance was at once renewed; and we had much
to speak of the varied yet similar fortunes a quarter
of a century had achieved for us. In the next
Congress we were appointed on two of the most
important committees of this body; we lived to-
gether at the same house, and an intimacy was
established, mutually cordial and sincere. Know-
ing him as I did, Mr. President, I may be permit-
ted to say, that to every task to which he was
called, he brought to its accomplishment untiring
industry, great research, and an unflagging zeal
seldom surpassed. His talents were of no common
order, and he was never found unprepared upon
any subject submitted to his charge; and, with six
years' service still before him, who knows to what
high honors he might have attained? The charac-
ter of his mind was investigating; and, aided by a
pleasing manner, always courteous, and often
energetic, he was enabled to make his views well
understood by the Senate, and to produce a marked
effect upon its deliberations. As a public man,
sir, he was valuable, and gave certain promise of
great usefulness and distinction.
In his disposition, the deceased was eminently
social. His suavity of mdnner, his unruffled tem-
per, his freedom from irritation by all those little
annoyances that disturb the pathway of our lives,
was a subject of common remark to those who were
intimately associated with him. But it was in the
family circle he shone most conspicuous, as a hus-
band, as a father, as one connected with those del-
icate relations of life in which humanity is exhibited
in its most captivating form. In all of these, sir,
he was a model and an example, lavishing all the
tenderness of his nature upon those dear objects
of his love, who returned it with the most sincere
and devoted afFection, and to whom it was permit-
ted to receive his last sigh at that dread moment
which must come upon us all. How terrible is
this blow to them, who, but a few days ago, were
all joy and gladness, now sobbing in anguish over
his inanimate remains, conscious—painfully con-
scious—they are never more to feel the pulsations
of that heart which beat alone in love for them;
and as they take tliejr lonely way back to their
home, how agonizing will be the thought that they
have parted forever with the idol of their hearts—
their protector, their father, their dearest friend—
and that his place at their once happy board is to
be vacant forever!
How quick, Mr. President, is the passage from
the Senate to the grave! How fleeting and transi-
tory the hopes and promises of this life I And how
full of warning should be this sad event, so sudden
and so startling, prompting us to recur often to the
injunction, " He ye also ready," for no one of us
can tell at what moment that awful summons may
break upon our ear; no one can tell when the dread
messenger may appear.
" Leaves have their time to fall,
And flowers to wither at the north wind's breath,
And  tars to set; but all,
Thou hast all seasons for thine own, O Death 1"
The resolutions having been unanimously adopt-
ed—
The Senate adjourned.
At twelve, o'clock, m., the funeral moved from
the Senate Chamber to the place of interment, (the
Congressional Burying Ground,) in the following
order:
The Chaplains of both Houses of Congress.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 2, 1848.
The funeral of the Hon. Chester Ashley, of
Missouri, took place to-day, from the Senate; an
appropriate discourse on the occasion having been
delivered by the Rev. Mr. Sliclk, Chaplain to the
Senate.
*Mr. Hannegan, of la.,
Mr. Greene, of R. I.,
Mr. Hou&ton, of Texas.,
Mr. Butler, of S. C.,
Mr. Dayton, of N. J.,
Mr. Mangum, of N. Y.-*
Pall-Bearers:
Mr. Bagby, of Ala., f « 1 Mr. Breese, of III.,
Mr. Davis, of Mass., J gj }■ Mr. Hale, of N. H., -
Mr. Johnson, of Md., I ® j Mr. Atchison, of Mo.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the State of Arkan-
sas as mourners.
The Seigeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the United States.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States and their Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives.
The House of Representatives of the United States, pre-
ceded by their Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States and its officeis.
The Diplomatic Coips.
Judges of the United Suites.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers of the Army and N.ivy at the s eat of Government.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and Strangers.
No business, of course, was tiansacted in either
House of Congress.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 3, 1848.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the select commit-
tee appointed to consider the various memorials
concerning the proposed railroad from Lake Mich-
igan to the Pacific Ocean, reported a bill to set
apait and sell to Asa Wmtney, of New York, a
portion of the public lands, to enable him to con-
struct a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific
Ocean; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CABELL presented sundry resolutions of
the Legislature of Florida for a light-house at In-
dian River Head; for the improvement of the Ock-
lawaha river; on the subject of draining the ever-
glades; for amendment of the act of the 4th of
August, 1842, knowu as the armed occupation act;
for the removal of the Seminole Indians from Flor-
ida; and a petition from citizens of Florida for the
modification and alteration of the armed occupation
law. all of which were referred to appropriate com-
mittees, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan for a donation
of land by the General Government for the erec-
tion of State asylums for the insane, blind, deaf
and dumb, and for the refunding by the General
Government to the State of Michigan, all sums
expended by said State in fitting out the first regi-
ment of volunteers called out under a requisition
from the United States; which were appropriately
referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Ohio, relative to certain lands near the
Wabash and Erie and Miami canals in that State;
also, relating to an amendment of the postage laws;
to a change in the rates of postage upon transient
papers; to the powers and duties of Congres3 in
certain cases, and the course of the Hon. Thomas
Corwin with reference to the present war with
Mexico; to the improvement of western rivers
and harbors; to the acquisition and control of for-
eign territory by the United States; declaring that
so much of the ordinance of 1789 as relates to
slavery should be extended to all territory acquired
from Mexico; which resolutions were referred to
appropriate committees, and ordered to be printed.
VIRGINIA LA^D WARRANTS.
Mr. TAYLOR asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution: ^
Resolved, That the Committee ot the Whole on the state
of tlie Union be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 81, lurthcr to extend the time* for lo-
caring Virginia military land wuirants, and returning sur-
veys thereon to the General Land Office, and that the same
be put upon its passage.
After a brief explanation by Mr. Taylor, the
resolution was agreed to. ,
The bill was then read.
Mr. TAYLOR moved a verbal amendment to
the bill substituting 1841 for 1840. It was agreed
to.
Mr. T. also moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing an additional section, as follows:
Sec. 2. That the same right and privilege is hereby alsov
extended for the same tune to all such warrants as have
issued subsequent to said 10th day of August, A. D. 1841;
provided, that before the location thereof, it shall be shown
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that such warrant was issued justly a/id legally, and
that the person who received said warrant was legally en-
titled to the same.
He explained the grounds of his motion. There
was in Ohio, between the Miami and Scioto rivers,
a tract of land which had been set apart exclusively
for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants; and
such were the terms of the law, that it could not
be settled by any but persons in possession of
such warrants, or entitled to land under them. It
was very important to the circumjacent country,
as well as to the interests of the State, that this
large tract should be settled and brought into cul-
tivation. The time for the location of these war-
ranis had been prolonged from time to time,.and
the amendment which he desired to have added to
the bill was only to extend the time a little further.
Mr. GOGGIN said he had no objections to the
bill in itself, which the gentleman from Ohio was
so desirous of having introduced by way of amend-
ment; but the object for which these bounty lands
had been originally set apart, would not be accom-
plished unless an additional appropriation of land
should be made to satisfy the warrants issued by
the State of Virginia to her soldiers at the close of
the revolutionary war. The gentleman's bill pro-
posed to extend the time during which those war-
rants could be located. To this he was not in the
least opposed; but the difficulty lay in this, that
\ there were no more of these bounty lands to lo-
| cate.
| Mr. TAYLOR interposed to say that there yet
[ remained two hundred thousand acres of the tract
| in Ohio, on which no warrants had been yet loca-
• ted; but the land was for the most part very poor.
Mr. GOGGIN resumed. The gentleman might
! very well say that these lands were of a poor qual-
ity; for in the report of the Commissioner of the
Public Lands, they were declared to be not worth
ten cents an acre. He had no wish to oppose the
bill; all he wanted in the matter was, that more
land should be appropriated, as there was not now
enough to satisfy the outstanding warrants. Every-
body knew that there was likely, before long, to
be a large accession to the public domain; and why
should not enough be set apart to meet the demands
of men whose right to their land was just as un-
questionable as that of a member of that House to
his per diem allowance.
He had applied for years to obtain such an ap-
propriation; he had renewed his efforts from time
to time, but hitherto without success. He knew
that the validity of these warrants had been as-
sailed on the ground that some of them were discov-
; ered to be fraudulent. He would not deny that
11 fact, nor did he stand there as the apologist of
j | fraud; but because imposition had been practised
!| in some cases, that constituted no reason for con-
!j demning and refusing the whole. Unless further
11 grants of land should be made to satisfy such de-
M mands as were clearly just, it would amount to a
!; denial of justice. He knew, of his own personal
! knowledge, that there were cases in which the
ji bounty land was as justly due as any other demand
I upon the Government. It was very true that such
warrant-holders as resided in Ohio, and whose
| homes were near by the bounty-land district, migh t
\ get the residue of that tract which was not yet oc-
l! cupied; but his constituents in Virginia, and others
i1 who resided in Kentucky,-and others scattered all
!| over the West, must be virtually denied their just
j' and legal right unless land in addition to the poor
remnant in Ohio should be provided to satisfy
j! them. There were but two hundied thousand acres
h left, by the gentleman's own showing. If these
\[ were all good lands, instead of being refuse land
i not worth ten cents the acre, there would still not
! be enough by three hundred thousand acres to
I satisfy the warrants outstanding. He hoped the
j; gentleman would consent to allow the bill to be
recommitted to the Committee of the Whole on the
\l state of the.Union; in which case he would move
