1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
to appropriate five hundred thousand acres. He
repeated the assurance that he cherished no hos-
tility to the gentleman's proposition, and he trusted
th^ gentleman would not refuse to have his (Mr.
G.'s) bill ingrafted as an amendment on his own;
and ^ith that view he moved that it be recommit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER said that as he had reported
the original bill, it was, by a recently-adopted rule
of the House, his privilege to close the debate;
but he should not occupy the floor upon it at this
time if the gentleman from Ohio wished to make
any further remarks.
Mr. TAYLOR said he had no objection that the
gentleman's proposition should be moved by way
of amendment when the bill came up, but was
opposed to any recommitment. The gentleman
from Virginia was mistaken in supposing that the
citizens of Ohio had any exclusive privilege of
locating their warrants in the bounty-land dis-
trict—those lands were equally open to everybody.
He desired that the two hundred thousand acres
still remaining should be taken up, and he trusted
the gentleman would not insist on his motion.
The bill had been on the calendar since the 17th of
January; meanwhile, these lands were faskbecom-
ing a desert. The tract was hilly and sterile, cov-
ered with timber of but little value; and, so long
as the surveys were suspended, it could not be
settled: he therefore was desirous that the sur-
veys should lie completed.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the bill under
consideration had for its object simply the exten-
sion of the time limited by the act of 18.18 for the
location of Virginia military land warrants issued
by the department prior to 184U. On such a bill
the only question that arose was, whether the
House would extend this time any further. It had
already been extended by five years at a time for
a long time. He did not now say that he would
not consent to its extension for two or three years;
but he was opposed to the amendment advocated
by the gentleman from Ohio, which went to allow
* the location of all warrants and at any time. That
question had been fully discussed in the Committee
oh the PublicLunds, who had decided against that
feature of his bill.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goggin]
objected to the bill because it did not go far enough;
he thought it ought to grant more land, and of a
betted quality. He (Mr. McC.) could not agree
in this opinion. He thought it was quite enough
that this Government had already granted land to
satisfy more land warrants than there were soldiers
from the State of Virginia in our revolutionary
army. He thought it had gone too far, indeed, in
doing thus much'; much less ought it at this day
to think of giving more. The bounty-land tract
"was not yet exhausted; much of it had not even
been surveyed. What right had the gentleman to
assume that this unsurveyed land was not worth
SI 25 an acre? The improvement of the surround-
ing lands of the State had contributed to raise the
Viuue of the bounty lands themselves, and he trust-
ed that no further grants would be made for this
object. Besides, the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia, he must be very sensible, would be
violently contested in the House; to graft it upon
this bill, would be a certain way to defeat the
whole.
Mr. GOGGIN asked Mr. McClernand how
he knew that more warrants had been issued than
there were soldiers? He denied such to be the
fact.
Mr. McCLERNAND replied, that in making
that statement, he had relied on reports made to
the House by responsible committees.
Mr. GOGGIN wished to know to what report
he alluded.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he had had refer-
ence more especially to one made by Mr. Hall, a
former member of the House. But he should not
■waste time and argument on that point at this time.
The question for the House to determine was,
whether it would extend the time of location to
warrants of any class?
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired what
was the reason of the limitation in this bill to war-
rants which had been issued since 1840.^
Mr. McCLERNAND would explain. The
time for locating these warrants had been extended
every five years for a long time past. In 1838, ail
persons who were entitled to locate these wuiiants
were notified that unless they were located before
the ye&r 1840 they would be barred. Thus the
holders had fair notice and ample time. The ob-
ject of the limitation was to put an end to 'this
business, and bring it to a final conclusion, so that
Congress might be rid of the necessity of any fur-
ther legislation in regard to it.
Mr. GOGGIN withdrew the motion to refer,
and offered an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, providing that such land
warrants may be located on any lands belonging
to the United States which may at the time of
such location be subject to private entry.
This amendment (he said) would accomplish
the object he had in view. He had not come to
the House with any intention of discussing this
subject, for really he had not known that any such
bill was on the calendar; he would not go into a
detail of all the reasons for this amendment, but he
thought it an act of simple justice to the owners of
the Virginia land warrants. He did not advocate
it because it was a Virginia measure; it was one in
which the people of the whole western States
were concerned; in which the citizens of Kentucky,
Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Missouri, and
every portion of this Union west of the Alleghany
mountains, as well as those portions of our sea-
board north and south, in which all portions peo-
pled by those who had emigrated from Virginia,
were deeply interested.
He briefly glanced at the circumstances under
which these claims arose. Virginia, in a spirit of
liberality of which he did not stand here to boast—
in a spirit of patriotism which it was her duty to
show in the days which tried men's souls—m the
days of the Revolution, made a donation of public
lands, embracing almost the whole of Ohio, a large
portion of that fertile country northwest of the
Ohio river, includmgseveral States and Territories.
He knew that the question had been raised whether
Vnginia had the right to all tins land; he came not
here to argue it; it was immaterial, as far as any
practical bearing was concerned, whether she had
or not; the belief then generally entertained was,
that it was the property of Virginia, and it was
accepted and received as such; and out of those
States which were to be carved, Virginia thought
proper to" reserve, and did reserve, to herself lands
enough to satisfy these military services of the
soldiers who fought in the war of the Revolution
on the northwestern border, who spilt their life-
blood to secure that rich inheritance of liberty we
now enjoy. This reservation was distinctly made
by Virginia, and, from time to time, the appropri-
ation of lands had been made; he would say, in
justice to the people of this whole Union, they had
been liberal in their provision for the satisfaction
of these warrants. But it was notorious that it
was not until this subject had been agitated else-
where, not until land-mongers, speculators in land
warrants, came among them, that hundreds of
men—or rather hundicds of widows and orphans,
who held a large share of them—ever knew that
they were entitled to these bounty lands. _ They
did not rake them up before the treaty ol peace
was ratified, as had been the case in the Mexican
war; that was not the spirit that actuated Virginia:
no; she had sacrificed everything on the altar of
patriotism, and was satisfied when that struggle
terminated, as it did, so happily for her and this
Union. But when, this subject having been brought
to their notice, the Legislature of "Virginia had in-
vestigated it a few years since, and ascertained that
a large portion of these claims were still due and
unadjusted, applications had been made to Con-
gress from time to time when there were no lands
to satisfy these claims, to appropriate others, which,
he said, had several times been done, and which
was necessary now.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mi-.McCiernand]
and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
had seemed tu suppose that these warrants were
now issuing. He (Mr. G.) had no reason to sup-
pose that a warrant of this sort had'issued m the
State of Virginia for years. If his colleague near
him [Mr. McDowell] had the information to en-
able him to set this matter right, he would thank
him to correct him if he erred. -
Some conversation occurred between Mr. GOG-
GIN and Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, on this
point.
Mr. COLLAMER rose to a point of order, and
contended that, as the amendment proposed an ap-
propriation of the public lands to satisfy these
warrants, like an appropriatioa of money, i£ should
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and there be considered. He also ob-
jected to the amendment as not germane to the bill;
the bill merely extending the time for locating the
warrants, and the amendment extending to another
subject, and appropriatingtindefinitely from any of
the public lands of the United States subject to pri-
vate entry to satisfy them.
Mr. COLLAMER explained and enforced the
two points; and, after some conversation upon
them—
The SPEAKER sustained the second point, and
ruled the amendment out of of order on the ground
of irrelevancy.
Mr. GOGGIN then renewed his motion to refer
the bill back to the Committee^of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr..BOCOCK was very much in hope that the
House would see fit to adopt the suggestions of his
friend and colleague. The question had been sprung
upon the'House with no expectation on his part,
or that of his colleagues,of its being made,and con-
sequently they were unprepared to do justice to'
their constituents on this occasion. They might
be in favor of this proposition to extend the time
for the location of these warrants, and they prob-
ably would be, but they objected that, at this
period of the session, the House should attempt to
legislate upon a subject partially, when it was to
come before them again in another shape. A bill
was now pending before the Committee on Public
Lands, he believed the object of which was to ap-
priate additional military lands to meet theVirginia
military land warrants. That bill must be passed;
and was it judicious, was it wise and proper, to
legislate upon this subject by piecemeal? Would
not the subject be belter met, and the views of all
be better consulted, by taking up the whole sub-
ject together—by discussing and acting upon it to-
gether? They thought they would be able to show,
at the proper time, that their proposition was right;
that the land ought to be appropriated; that the
remark of the gentleman from Illinois was not
founded in,fact; that it was a captious objection to
this proceeding, and one which could not be sus-
tained; at any rate, that they would be^ble to show
that the Virginia military land warrants rested on
a most substantial basis, and ought to be provided
for. If there were false or fraudulent claims which
had been brought forward 
Mr. McCLERNAND briefly explained.
Mr. BO CO Civ continued. The remark he made
was, that when the subject was before the House
he was satisfied that they should be able to pro-
duce fact for fact, and stronger facts than their op-
ponents. If there had been some false claims, if
there had been claims that had no foundation in
justice, did those invalidate all the others' If there
had been twenty or forty, or any other number
that were not founded in justice, he could show
that there were twenty or forty that were well-
founded. Were they to be cut off because some
were bad? But his object in rising now was to
urge on the House the propriety of referring this
bill back to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, so that the whole subject could
be brought up and discussed together, to the sat-
isfaction of every gentleman, and the promotion
of justice to all concerned.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the orders of the
day.
After a brief conversation, the bill under consid-
eration was referred back to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
BOUNTY-LAND WARRANTS.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.-Hii.-
liard in the chair,) and took up the bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to raise, for a limited time,
an additional military force, and for other pur-
poses,"approved February 11, 1847. The bill is
as follows:
Beit enacted, 4'c., That the above entitled act shall not be
so construed as to deprive the non-commi&sioned othcers,
musicians and privates therein named of the bounty land or
sctip secured tu them, iri consequence of tlifir promotion to
to a company, field, or staff office, or appointment either m
the corps to which they belong, or m any other corps ot the
army; but ttiat, on the contrary, suctl promotion fhall be
held and considered as, equivalent to an honorable discharge
in adjudicating upon their right to such bounty land or
scrip.
To this bill, Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, had
moved an amendment on a previous day, to ex-
tend the grant of bounty land to the non-commis-
