J.848,
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
of that war, artd what their claim upon our justice
and gratitude? HUtory taught us that Great Brit-
ain early and grossly violated our neutral rights;
that she had made the commerce of the United
States a prey to British cruisers and privateers*,
thatshe pertinaciously continued to impress Ameri-
can citizens into her service, and if the hardy
American dare refuse submission to her unjust and
illegal assumptions, he was hung at the yard-arm.
In fact all, or at least many,'of the fruits of the
Revolution depended upon the resistance provoked
by their wanton outrages. As our ancestors waged
the revolutionary war to establish our political
independence, so now we were called upon by
every consideration of duty and patriotism to come
forth fqr the vindication of our maritime and per-
sonal rights. And what was the result? The na-
tion girded itself for the contest. New York and
other eastern States sent forth their militia, who
fought side by side with the regulars at Fort Erie
and Niagara, where America)) valor was crowned
with brilliant success. The southern States sent
forth their militia, who were found battling for
their country wherever clanger and duty called.
The northwestern States, and particularly Ken-
tucky, including the Territories, poured forth their
best spirits, who repressed the savages upon the
frontiers, and defeated Proctor and Tecumseh upon
the Thames, avenging the horrid butcheries at
Fort Meigs and the River Raisin. The south-
western States, and particularly Tennessee, inclu-
ding Kentucky, poured forth their beat citizens,
who beat the British at New Orleans, and closed
the second war of American independence in a
blaze of glory.
Such were the causes of the war of 1812; such
the services of the volunteers, militia, and rangers
who served in that war. He asked now, as he
had already asked with reference to the soldiers of
the Indian kwars, whether these men were not en-
titled to be rewarded as we had rewarded others?
We had given to the regulars who fought by their
sides bounties varyingfrom one hundied and sixty
to three hundred and twenty acres, amounting in
the whole to 4,825,352 acres; and why should we
not give the equally meritorious militia, rangers,
and volunteers of 1812 an equal bounty ? There
was no reason why we should not* We were
indebted to these men for humbling the arrogant
pretensions of Great Britain, for extorting her re-
spect and her pledge of peace, which were worth
more than countless treasure. But, independent
of these considerations, there were others growing
out of the- nature and genius of our institutions
which imperiously called for this,measure—for tlvfc
establishment, at least, of the principle involved in
this measuie. The Constitution made it the duty
of Congress " to provide for organizing the army
and disciplining the militia;" and for what pur-
pose? Because, as was declared in an amendment
to the Constitution, "a well regulated militia" is
necessary to the security of the State." Well,
if this were so, if this were a fundamental maxim,
did it-not follow that we should stimulate the mi-
litia in the spirit and the efficiency which became
them as guardians of the public liberty, as the
ultimate force ordained by the Constitution "to
execute the laws of the Union, to repress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions ?" Certainly so. Well,
if this were true, how better could we perform this
d<uty than by granting to the militia who served m
the field a home for "themselves or for their fami- j
lies, if they fell in battle? No man would deny i
.that the elevation of the citizen to the dignity and !
independence of a freeholder enabled him better to
maintain the character and discharge the duties of
the citizen-soldier than he would be able to do if
he was landless and dependant. Besides, it was
but just and right that the citizen who periled his
life in the wars of the country should be rewarded
by a home for his old age; or, if he fell in battle,
for his wife and fatherless children. :
The brilliant events of the present war fully at-
test the truth and general position he had assumed.
Behold our armies, hastily composed, for the most
part, of volunteers from the private and peaceful
walks of life, had crossed the great solitudes of the
West, and planted our victorious standard upon
the distant shores of the Pacific. Again, they had
penetrated southward through rocky defiles and
against walled cities, obstinately defended, towards
the heart of Mexico. And again, from Vera Cruz,
through pestilence and bloou, quite to and even
b.eyond the Mexican capital. All this they had
done, and more. They had,ina short time, over-
run a vast country, at a great distance, inhabited
by seven or eight millions of people, and deemed
impregnable, from the number and strength of its
natural defences. Such had been the wonderful
achievements of citizen-soldiers, impelled by patri-
otism and encouraged by the promise of a home
for their old age, or, if they should fall, for their
fatherless children. Who now would say that the
policy which had contributed to produce such gi-
gantic results should not be rendered permanent
and certain ?
There were some objections which heretofore
had been urged to this measure, which he proposed
merely to notice. The first was, that it was a
measure novel and subversive of the established
policy of the Government. He denied this, and
he had only to cite the act of 1847, already referred
to, to prove thatunder thatact bounties weregrant-
ed to some fifty thousand regulars and volunteers
whose terms of service had either expired or had
run for several months or years before the passage
of that act. The quantity of land thus granted by
the retroactive operation of the law amounted to
many millions of acres.
Again, it was contended that it was a measure
violative of the public faith, pledged to pay the
|23,000,000 obtained for the prosecution of the war.
He denied this assumption also. The public lands
were not pledged for the payment of this debt, but
from the very terms of the .loan act, " the sales of
the public lands." It was not the design of that
act to limit the discretion of Congress over the pub-
lic lands; that discretion was as unlimited as be*
fore. While the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands were faithfully applied to the payment of the
interest and principal of the loan, the public faith
was preserved.
Again, it was objected that the measure would
prove wasteful, prodigal: that it would squander
away the public lands. This objection was found-
ed on the assumption that it wa£ the true policy of
the Government to sell them, to treat them as a
source of revenue. He denied that this was our true
policy ; it was to grant them in limited quantities to
occupiers and setters. This would elevate the
mass of the honest citizens to the dignity and inde-
pendence of freeholders; it would enhance the pub-
lic revenues by enhancing the ability of the people
paying taxes. This would be its effect upon the
people at large and upon the Government. What
would be the effect upon the people of the new
States? Here he addressed himself more particu-
larly to gentlemen representing the new States. It
would increase the tide of immigration to that quar-
t tee; it would convert a large portion of waste lands
to occupancy, cultivation, productiveness; it would
increase the taxable inhabitants and property of
those States; it would hasten the tunc when a foum-
dable and corrupting element of public patronage
connected with the land system should be with-
drawn from these States, and thus promote their
independence and the wholesome and just action
of this Government. [A full report of "Mr McC/s
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
On this ground he appealed to members from the
new States to come forward and support this meas-
ure. He appealed also to the friends of the opposing
schemes of " graduation" and "distribution" to
come forward and meet on this common platform
of compromise.
Mr. EMBREE sustained the provisions of the
bill, and warmly advocated the extension of the
grants of bounty lands to the soldieis of the Indian
wars of 179U, and of the war of 1812 with Great
Britain. He also reviewed and arraigned the
course of the present Administration in reference to
the Mexican war and connected topics, the Oregon
questions, &c. [Mi. E.'s speech, leported in full,
will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. LUMPKIN said he did not rise for the
purpose of entering into the discussion of the va*
rious topics introduced jnto this debate by the
gentleman who had just taken his seat. He had
no disposition now to discuss the justice and pro-
priety of the policy of this Administration in regard
to the Oregon question; nor would he be diverted
from the original purpose for which he had claimed
the consideration of the committee, by entering
into a discussion of the policy of annexing Texas
to the Union. He did not desire to enter'into a
general discussion of the causes and consequences
of the war with Mexico. These he had long since
considered and acted onrand theresult of his action
had gone before his constituents, and he was grat-
ified to say that they had atail.times been cordially
approved by them. But what didHhe gentletnan
from Indiana expect to accomplish by this course
of argument, so far as the merits of this bill and -
the amendments under discussion in this committee
were involved? The bill and amendments now
under consideration proposed to extend the pro-
visions of an act approved 11th February, 1847,
granting bounty land or tieasury scrip to non-
commissioned officers and privates who have served
during the Mexican war, to such privates as have
been elected and commissioned officers since they
have entered the service in Mexico; and the pend-
ing amendment of thegentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson,] extended the provisions of the
act of 11th February, 1847, to the volunteers who
served in the war against Great Britain. He could
not see" how the gentleman from Indiana could
expect to advance the interest of this measure by
enlarging upon and even magnifying the expenses
of the war in which we have been engaged with
Mexico. If he were to judge from the course of
the gentleman's argument, he should come to the
conclusion that he was unwilling to grant to our
soldiers in Mexico, who were partly provided for
by this bill, this bounty of land, as a reward for
their patiiotic and meritorious services in dcfence
of the Union and the rights of the country. He
could not believe that such was his object. He
differed with the gentleman in regard to the merits
of this question, and had done so from the time
war was declared. He thought it a just war,
brought on by the act of Mexico, and he had so
declared by the vote he had given when the act
recognizing the war'passed this House. He did
not then regard the expense, and he hoped that he
never should do so, when it became necessary to
pass any measure through this body requisite to
defend the rights and honor of the country. His
constituents had canvassed this vote particularly,
and he gloried in the fact that they had given it
their most cordial approval. They had sustained
him at all times in the discharge of his official
duties, and they had sustained, too, the honor and
rights of the country on every field and in every
plain of Mexico, and he did not doubt they would
continue to maintain those who had carried it on
with so much honor and with such brilliant suc-
cess, be the expense what it may. They did not
measure patriotism, honor, and our national rights
by any expenditure of public treasure. But he
had been diverted from his original intention in
what he had already said. He rose for the pur-
pose of giving notice simply of his intention to
offer, when in order, an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Tuumrson,] which lie would now read for the
infoimation of the committee:
'■ Be it faithn ciiuctal, That ail the benefits and provisions
of tin < act, and tin: act to wJiu h tin-- is> an amendment, be,
and the same an' iieieby, p.\ tended to the volunteers who
seived in the late Florida war. subject to the same limita-
tions and restrictions as those impo-ed by said ael«\ipon the
volunteer in the piebent war with Mexico."
There was within his State and district a large
number of meritorious individuals who, pn the
call of their country, entered serve as soldiers
in the war waged in Florida against the Seminole
Indians. They served long and faithfully, and
endured all the hardships and sustained all the in-
juries that were incident to a state of war against
barbarous savage Indians in the most insalubrious
climate. They encountered death in every form,
and privations and losses, for which they never
will and never can be fully compensated. The
Government of the country had still the power to
do them partial justice, by giving them a reward
in bounty land that will furnish to many of them
comfortable homes, and to all of them means to
increase their comforts in living. He approved of
the principles of the original bill, and the amend-
ment offered by his friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson.] It provided that a reward should be
given in the shape or form of land as a bounty to
all such as had rendered faithful military service to
the country in time of war, either in the Mexican
war or in the war between this country and Great
Britain. He approved of the principles of this
bill, and could see no reason why a bounty of land
should not be given to those who served in the war
against Great Britain as well as to those who had
more recently covered themselves with glory and
honor in the war with Mexico. Both claims were
equally juet3 and in both we were in the right, and
