720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3.
he would not deny to the war-worn soldier in the
one service what he would most cheerfully grant
to the-other. "And he called on the committee to
say, why exclude the Florida volunteers from the
benefits of this bill? Was not this war just? was
it not meritorious? and were they not equally en-
titled to the claims to favorable consideration? It
"ou< -ht to have been done heretofore, and had been
delayed too long already; but he would not permit
himself to doubt that this committee would grant
to the soldiers who served the country in the
■Florida war the same quantity of land as a reward
for their meritorious services, that they gave to
those who served for the same length of time in
Mexico or in the wpr against Great Britain." If
the service was equally just and meritorious—and
no man can doubt it—it was our duty to give them
the same reward.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, said : Mr. Chair-
man, my remarks shall be confined principally to
the vindication of the leading measures of the
present Administration, all of which have met my
hearty approbation and support; so that, in defend-
ing them from the assaults made upon them by
the Opposition, I will but defend my own course
on this floor, and place myself in a right position
before those I have the honor to represent.
When I first came to Congress, I found the
people had returned to this body a debating talent
equal to any emergency; and believing this arm of
the public defence sufficiently strong, I have been
content with being numbered among the silent
members of this House, always ready to cast my
vote on any question or measure, so soon as it
could be rescued from the great vortex of public
discussion. In this I am happy to know that, I
have met the approbation of my constituents, who
not only returned me to the thirtieth Congress
by an unprecedented majority, bufcin their very
recent county meetings in my district, most gen-
erously and freely tendered me their thanks, and
. expressions of confidence and approbation. For
this.mark of kindness, I can only respond in the
silent language of the heart, that can be better felt
and understood than expressed.
jMy constituents will pardon me, I know, for a
departure from my usual course, when J ask the
privilege of communicating to them my views on
coming political events, in which our common
country is deeply interested. None, after hearing
the debate on the motion to print the correspond-
ence between General Scott and the War Depart-
ment the other day, can be blind to the strong, and,
I think, unfair efforts that are to be made on this
floor and in the country, to reverse and change all
those salutary and valuable measures and reforms
brought about by the present Administration.
Mankind have always been, and always will be,
■until the millennium arrives, divided into two po-
litical divisions. They are now to be found in
France—in Europe—m all the Old World, and in
this country. The one is in favor of a strong,
cumbrous, and complex government; the other in-
clines to a free and simple government, placing on
the shoulders of the people no greater burdens or
restraints than are necessary to secure good order,
the safety of the person and property of the citi-
zen. They are sometimes denominated the friends
of despotism, and the friends of liberty.
The advocates of a strong government find many
subjects about which to legislate; and in this coun-
try, even written constitutions are not sufficient to
control them. They find ample power in theCon-
stitution of the United States to interfere in the in-
dustrial pursuits of thepeople,atid think it very wise
"to exercise it, by which the earnings of one branch
of industry, or of one section of this Union,is trans-
ferred to another. They are for regulating com-
merce and building it up to the highest pitch of
prosperity, by laying heavy restrictions and bur-
dens upon it. Agriculture, too, is to receive the
fostering care of this great central Government;
the strong arm of the law is to interfere with the
markets abroad, "and reduce the consumption of
her mighty products almost exclusively to a home
market; her prosperity (by very wise legislation!)
is to be vastly enlarged by circumscribing her mar-
kets, and reducing her co'nsumers. But to cap the
climax of all earthly wisdom and love for the til-
lers of the soil, all that they consume of the prod-
ucts of the rival branches of industry are to be
highly protected in the shape of high tariffs, with
a view of reducing the prices of such fabrics and
articles in the market for the especial benefit of the
farmer! But-not satisfied with this, under the j
power given to Congress " to coin money, regu- j
ulatfc the value thereof, and of foreign coin," or \,
some more mysterious implied power, they claim
for Congress the right ot legulaung the paper cur-
rency oi the States, or the credit system generally
of the United States, and that, too, by delegating
that precious power to a great corporation, whose
" bowels are moved with compassion" for the peo-
[ le, and who is sine to expand its issues m an easy
money market and contract them in a hard one.
All this is done professedly to aid the country, and
enable it to develop us growing lesources and bet-
i ter the condition ot the governed.
I Now, sir, 1 am opposed to all this legislative
i tinkering with the private ailans of the people by
i this Government; it was cieated for no such pur-
I poses, and nothing but mischief can result from
( the exercise of such powers. Heresies so mon-
! strous can never meet the approbation of the peo-*
! pie of this country when the issue is fairly pre-
! sented to them, but, sir, the advocates of power
I sometimes argue that there is something myste-
i nous about the science of government—that the
ordinary routine of reasoning from cause to effect
will not produce correct resuits in the political as
m the natural or physical world, and they not
unfrequentiy illustrate their argument by referring
to thejuct that high dunes make low prices. Now,
that an non-master or a large manuiaciurer might
' be able to reason himself into a belief of tins strange
heterodoxy, is natural enough; but that men, look-
ing through a disinterested medium, should fall
into so monstrous an eiror, seems to me passing
strange. Others point to the valuable results of
the legislation ot Great Britain on the subjects of
tariffs and banks, and m directing the labor of that
country. Sir, the policy of Great Britain is no
model lor me. She pie^euts—what I deprecate—
a splendid Government, and a starving people. I
met with an article from the London Times of the
21st of March last, winch shows the views of the
h lends of a strong government as well as anything
that 1 have ever heard m our own country on that
subject. After speaking of the forces sent by the
Government to suppress the popular movements
in Ireland,he congratulates the Grown on the quiet
! state of England, and gives the reasons for such
good older, as follows:
"The State it wise, and good, and great in the eyes of
humble men. The> iear u, they worship it, the> love it.
What childlike confidence uooa tne honest lahoier repose
in < the gentleman' who rules, tile destinies oi Ins little
spiiere! The brmsh laborer ie> taught from his childhood to
: look up fol eouiifcei and aid. Fot our part, we have con-
j tinually uiged that it the/iuty ot' the Ssiaie to fulfill such
j expectations." ^
Now, sir, on this subject I am probably vastly
behind the age; but, alter a careful examination, 1
! am bound to conclude that this Government can-
| not legislate into existence an additional barrel of
I flour or bushel of corn; but I can easily see a hun-
! dred ways in which it can transfer them from the
1 granary of A to the granary of B. But there will
| be private larcenies enough of this kind, without
! the Government embaiking in it and legalizing it
on a large scale. For a man to be robbed by his
j fellow-man is bad enough; but to be coolly robbed
^ by a government, for the support of which he is
daily contributing of his substance, is the unkmd-
! est cut of all. In the early history of parties m this
■country, the advocates of a strong government,
like the Times, spoke freely their opinions on the
, subjects over which, and about which, they claimed
; the right of legislating. They did not hesitate to
pass the alien and sedition laws, to indict and try
\ mm as criminals for speaking of their public ser-
vants, and line and imprison too, unless they were
able to prove the truth of all they said or wiote.
; However many and extravagant the errors of the
i Federal party of 1800, they were honest men—
! mistaken, but honest men.
|* Believing, as 1 do, that the Whig party of the
; present day are but the degenerate sons and sue-
i cessors of the old Federal party, I would like to
1 examine into their claims to the confidence of the
I American people. I am told, and the people of
| this country are told, from a highly respectable
; source, that all the old issues between the two
j great political parties are obsolete, and that the
! grea^ " imbodiment" is also obsolete; that they
; have all gone to the " tombs of the Capulets." By
: this, it would seem that the great Whig party had
; grounded their arms, and that all party warfare,
i bickerings, quarrels, and strife, had ceased, and
that " peace on earth and good will to man" were
to be preached from one end of this happy land to
the other. Upon hearing these "good tidings of
great joy," 1 ran to my colleague of the Richmond
district, knowing that he would be good authority
on a subject like this, knowing that he would he
the last to disband—the very last of the " Mohe-
gans;" and I soon learned from him, sir,that he did
riot understand the matter like many distinguished
members of his own party. Now, sir, what does
ail this mean? Is it true that the Whigs are going
to run a no-party man, and abandon all their long-
cherished measures? Or is it an attempt to re-
enact what was so falsely called the glorious scenes
of 1840, and which were so beautifully alluded to
the other day by the honorable gentleman from
North Carolina? Do you recollect, sir, when the
celebrated Harrisburg Convention nominated the
great hero of "Tippecanoe, and Tyler too," and
bade the nation "go it blind"—extend a generous
confidence, and elect those great and good men to
the two first offices in the Government? The
people took them at their bidding; but the nation
mourned four long years for their sins and folly.
God, in his kindness, took the old hero to himself,
and left Tyler, " the spared monument of his
amazing mercy to buffet with the storm, to be
threatened with decapitation and impeachment by
those who had called him into power.
But, Mr. Chairman, have you forgotten, have
the people of this country forgotten, the frauds
and deceptions that were practised upon them by
the artful leaders of the Whig party to secure that
triumph? Let me call the attention of the coun-
try to what was done in my own Sta.te by a Whig'
State convention, intended to ratify and approve
the nominations made at the Harrisburg Conven-
tion. Permit me to read a few extracts from the
address to the people of "Virginia, viz:
"Upon the tariff and internal improvement, General Har-
rison cannot be worse than Mr. Van Buren, as we have
shown you; and as to the bank, his unqualified declaration
j that it was unconstitutional is before you; and there is no
i reason to believe that he is in favor of a bank in any form,
j for he is assuredly opposed to a Government bank. As far
i asv\e know* or in-hove, fellow-citizens, General Hariisrvrs
1 has but one opinion about th« bank, and tbatis against it.*'
' "Of Mr. Tyler we have said little, because it was not
i necessaiy to say much as to him. John Tyler is knoum to
| the people of Virginia as one of their best-tried and most
I faithful servants. If the man who has always been ihe art-
! voeaie of Republican measures,and during nearlyhis whole
! life the representative of Rtpublican people, needs vindica-
j uon fiom the charge of Federalism, we feel satisfied that rt
, will be made triuurphantly by the Republicans of "Virginia,
I whom lie has so long and so faithfully served; and to their
I protection we commit him, confident in theirliands lie will
i sustain no wrong, and that they will say to him,(Well done,
: thou good and faithful servant.'"
j " But we are gravely informed, that Mr. Van Buren is op-
; posed to a national bank, to internal improvements by the
j General Government, and to the tariff, and that his hostility
to these measures gives him an irresistible claim to the con-
fidence-sand suffrages of the people of Virginia. These,
fellow-cili2ens, are the stereotyped phrases by which cun-
ning tacticians Rope to deceive and mislead you. All can-
did men, of all parties, admit that they have" ceased to be
practical questions. *All idea of chartering a national batik
has hcen relinquished by its former most s«?? "trine advocates, as
unnecessary and inexpedient in the present and probable fu-
ture monetary condition oj tne coxmfrv; the necessity Ot in-
ternal improvements by the General Government has been
entirely superseded by the energetic application of the re-
sources ot the several States to that object; and the tariff is
settled by the terms of the compromise act of 1833, unless it
shall be i eopened for political purposes by those v ho affect to
dread the restablishment of high protective duties. These
duties, indeed, are no longer necessary, the stability of our
manujacturing establishments enabling them to maintain a
competition uithforeign fab id without a resort to this extra-
neous support—a support which, fluctuating with the alter-
nate rise and fall of parties, is far liorn being desirable, even
were it any longer essential; for with that branch of na-
tional industry, as with every other, stability of legislation
is far more important than temporary advantages, of which
thev may, when least expected, and when their withdrawal
might operate mo<-t disastrously, be deprived by the result
oi an annual election."
Now, sir, who would have ever dreamed that Har-
rison or Tyler would have been called upon to sign a
bank charter? Yet, if my memory serves me aright,
it was for refusing to sign one that honest John
came well-nigh losing his head, f again ask the
leaders of the Whig party, are the great issues you
heretofore presented to the people " obsolete," in
the Whig vocabulary of 1840? have 11 they ceased
to be practical questions?"—or do you only intend
, to repudiate them for the present—to keep them out
| of sight until you get into power, and then betray
a confiding nation, and fasten your oft-repudiated
: measures on an unwilling anda betrayed people? If,
| sir, this is your design, let me call upon you, by
I every consideration of patriotism, by every motive
