7*22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
ral commerce; to establish th.e independent treas-
mv on a firm basis; to settle the Oregon question;
an5 finally to annex Texas; all of which it has
most faithfully done; and, by way of good meas-
ure it is about throwing in New Mexico and
Upper California, with all their golden treasures
and commercial advantages; and all this in spite of
one of the most talented, as well as most bitter and
' relentless oppositions that ever existed in this coun-
try. Polk s valuable and glorious administration
"is about to close; glorious 1 may call it—history
will record it so. It has fulfilled the high purposes
for which it was designed by a wise Providence,
and the people i>y whom it was called into exist-
ence. It has cleared away the doubts and embar-
rassments left hanging over all the branches of the
Government by its immediate predecessor. Its
financial and commercial policy has been felt at
■home and abroad, and has attracted the notice and
admiration of the civilized world. Its foreign re-
lations have been conducted witli a capacity and
success never surpassed, if ever equalled in the
history of the country. With regard to our naval
and military operations, what language shall I em-
ploy to do them justice? Shall I compare them to |
the campaigns of Napoleon ? Although on a smaller
scale, in point of energy and glory of achievements,
even the skill and exploits of the Emperor will fur-
" nish no parallel. Sir, in future, when orators find
it necessary to refer to the highest and noblest
efforts of which man is capable, they will not have
to travel to the far-famed field of Thermopylae, but
they will find stronger and brighter examples in
the history of our own beloved country.
Sir, those who think with me on these subjects
hav'e a duty to perform in selecting and electing a
- successor able and worthy to fill the place of our
present Chief Magistrate. Who that individual
may be I care not, so that he is capable, willing, and
pledged to carry out the great doctrines and demo-
cratic principles found in the Constitution and
bases of free government, as adopted and inter-
preted by our republican fathers.
I regret, sir, to see the manufacturing interest of
the country attaching itself to a great political
party. I regret to see the river and harbor inter-
est attaching itself to a great political party, and
regret to sec the plunderers of the public domain
attaching themselves to a great political party.
Who can mistake the objects of those very disinter-
ested politicians? Can any doubt, if the party to
which they, or any one of them, belong succeeds,
that they will expect to be rewarded for their ser-
vices by taxing and plundering the other great
interests or sections of the country to the amount of
many millions for their own especial benefit? I
wish I could say that my own party was entirely
free from this class of politicians; but, thank God,
I can say that it is more so than any other party
of this country that is likely to come into power.
I am very anxious, fir, to see this session of Con-
gress brought to a close so soon as our relations
with Mexico will permit. I am anxious to meet
my constituents on the court greens of my district,
when I can talk to them on these su bjects with more
freedom and ease than through the embarrassing
medium of a written speech. There I will not be
talking at the public expense, but upon 11 my own
liook." I will be ready to help to discuss those great
questions of national policy with our political op-
ponents, whether they are fighting in the open field
under the lead of the bold and fearless champion
of Kentucky, or concealed and forted up under the
auspices of a military chieftain.
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party voted for the
war—helped to place on the head of the President
the burden and responsibility of its prosecution.;
they have in good faith, in word and deed, stood
by, and cheered on the commander-in-chief of the
armies and navy of the country in the conflict.
With a few exceptions, the Whig party in Con-
gress voted for the war; but how- far they have
encouraged the constitutional conductor of that
war—what aid and comfort they have given him,
I will leave to the peopla and the history of the
times to decide.
As a specimen of the patriotism and consistency
of our friends over the way, I would call your at-
tention to what took place during the last Con-
gress, and to a vote taken a few days sincejn this
House. When the President determined to strike
abtow at the heart of Mexico, he asked the last
Congress for an increase of the regular army.
The Opposition were greatly alarmed at the idea
of a large standing army, and made that the pre-
text for-their opposition to the passage of the ten-
regiment bill, and other provisions for the increase
of the army. To quiet the fears of the Opposition
and country on that subject, we inserted in the
laws having for their object the increase of the
army, a provision, that at the closS of the war,all
such increase, both of officers and men, should be
disbanded, and the army reduced to the peace es-
tablishment, as it stood at, the commencement of
the Mexican war. But now that peace is hoped
for, we find a provision introduced for the modi- j
fication and repeal of this wise precaution in our !
army bills. And who, sir, are the advocates of j
this repeal? Principally thfe Opposition who were
so alarmed atalarge army in time of war, but who
can see no danger or inconvenience from it in time
of peace. _ j;
I wish,Mr. Chairman, 1 could, in the short time j
allotted to me by the hour rule, lay before the '
country a list of the inconsistencies of the Oppo- j
sition during this Administration. Look, if you
please, at the Oregon question. The President at ,
one time took ground in favor of the parallel of
54° 40' as our northern boundary; but finding, 1
subsequently, that England had receded from her
claim and pretensions to all the territory up to the
Columbia river, and was willing to accept the
rejected offer of the parallel of 49°; also that a
majority of his constitutional advisers, as well as a
majority of the representatives of the people, were
in favor of a compromise on the latter boundary,
he yielded his own views on a mere mailer of bound-
ary, and concluded a treaty m conformity with the
clearly expressed will of the.nation. Who now,
sir, are the first to taunt the President for yielding
the parallel of 54° 40'? Is it not the very men
whose advice he followed ? I was a 54° 40' man—
I stood there to the last—but I never blamed the
President for settling the question by accepting the
parallel of 49°.
Again : The Opposition, with a very few excep-
tions, voted for the war with Mexico, and many
honorable members ef that party voted to ingraft
the preamble on the war bill of May, 1846. Yet
we find them a few months since—just at the mo-
ment that Mexico was giving her first indications
of returning reason, when she began seriously to ,
talk and think of peace—in mass, voting, solemnly j by a report.
being presented to Congress, as an offering from
the surviving members of the family of the late
Baron de Kalb, which was read.
Mr. HANNEGAN, before the reading of the
Journal, rose and stated, that it was the under-
| standing of a majority of the Senate that the mes-
I sage of the President relating to Yucatan was, on
j Saturday; referred to the Committee on Foreign
1 Relations, and ordered to be printed. As it did
; not so appear on the Journal, he would now make
: that motion. The motion was agreed to.
; MEMORIALS ANT) PETITIONS.
Mr. MOOR presented a petition from the heirs
of Robert Libby, asking arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition from citizens of Aroostook coun-
ty, Maine, remonstrating against the admission of
timber fiee of duty; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from Joseph
Masterson, a wounded soldier, asking for a pen-
sion. Referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from John
S. Luce, asking to be allowed remuneration for
certain losses incurred; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Petitions from citizens of the United States for
the purchase of Mount Vernon were presented by
Messrs. JOHNSON of Maryland, CRITTEN-
DEN,and STURGEON; and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Petitions in favor of the concentration and civil-
ization of the Indians were presented by Messrs.
JOHNSON of Maryland, STURGEON, BAG-
BY, and others; and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bills,"without amendment:
For the relief of Harvey Jones;
For the relief of Richard Reynolds ;
For the relief of Seth Morton;
For the relief of H. Carrington, executor of
Paulina Le Grand, deceased; and
For the relief of Joseph Johnson, accompanied
voting, that the war was " unconstitutionally and t
unnecessarily begun by the President of the United
States." You said, sir, you did this to fix a plaster
on the back of the President. Have you not fixed
a plaster on your own backs, that will stick to you
as tight as the poisoned shirt ofNessus?
Sir, what are you doing now, in this House,
where you have the majority, and can control our
action ? You are, day after day, refusing to take
up the bill from the Senate, now on your table,
providing for the further prosecution of the war if
negotiations should be broken off. Sir, does not
your conduct and policy, as a party, invite Mexico
to reject the treaty, procrastinate negotiations, and
profit by the chapter of accidents? Are you not
inducing her to believe that within a few months ;
you will come into power, and give Mexico relief i
from all the consequences of a war which you [
yourselves have declared to be aggressive, uncon- I
stitutional, and unnecessary on our part ? i
If, sir, negotiations are inteirupied, and a pro- j
crastinated war follows, on your heads will rest j
the responsibility. The Executive, with the aid ,
of one of the most gallant armies that ever stood
upon God's earth, has fairly conquered a peace;
and if you defeat it, by your apparent sympathies ;
with Mexico,Obadiah's curse is in reser\e for you
by an indignant and injured country. '
Mr. VINTON obtained the floor, and said he
had. a few remarks to make on the subject before
the committee; but the usual hour of adjournment ,
having arrived, he would prefer making them in ;
the morning, and he therefore moved that the com-
mittee rise; which being agreed to— ;
The committee rose and reported progress. I
And the House adjourned. j
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 3, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter from William Brent, stating that he had
received, addressed tohiseare,from Robert Walsh,
consul of the United States at Paris,
. ...a portrait of I,     0    . .
Major General Baron de Kalb, for the purpose of ;[ to-morrow or some future day, to ask leave to in-
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Finance,
made an adverse report on the memorial of John
W. Leucks.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported House bill authorizing a term
ofthe United States circuit and district courts at
Chicago, Illinois.
Mr. W. stated that the bill had been accidentally
laid over by the committee, and, as it was import-
ant that it should be acted on at once, he asked the
indulgence of the Senate to take it up and pass it.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
read a third time and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom had been referred the resolutions
ofthe Legislature of Kentucky, asking for a law
for the recovery of runaway slaves, submitted an
elaborate report; which was read and ordered to
be printed, with ten thousand additional copies; ac.
companied also by a bill to provide for the more
effectual execution of the third clause of the second
section of the fourth article of the Constitution of
the United States, which was read a first time.
Mr. BUTLER, from the same committee, re-
ported House bill for the relief of Charles Reeder,
Walter R. Johnson, and the legal representatives
of Thomas P. Jones, with an amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief ofthe Ameri-
can Colonization Society,accompanied by a report,
The bill was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, it was
Ordered, ThatMr. Butler,ofSouth Carolina,be appointed
chairman of the Jndieiaiv Committee, in the ptaee ot Mr.
Ashley, deceased; and that the Vice President appoint, a
member to fin the vacancy in said committee occasioned
thereby.
Mr. MOOR was appointed.
On motion of Mr. BP^EESE, it was further
Ordered, That the vacancies in the Committees on Pub-
lie Lands and Printing be fillet! by the Chair.
The Chair appointed Mr. Borland on these com-
mittees.
Mr. WESTCOTT gave notice of his intention,
