724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to establish two national
foundries and an armory. Read and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of C. Evans, of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania. Laid upon the table.
" Mr. TUCK, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of S. B. Elliot, of the United
States navy. Read and committed.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution proposing the estab-
lishment of a line of war steamers from the port
of Monterey or San Francisco, in California, to
Shanghae and Canton, in China. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. K. moved that 10,000 copics extra of the
report and chart accompanying the said resolution
be printed; which motion to print 10,000 copies
extra of the report was referred to the Committee
on Printing, and the motion to print 10,000 copies
extra of said chart was referred to the Committee
on Engraving.
Mr. HOUSTOJN", of Delaware, said he had on
yesterday several" times endeavored to obtain the
floor to.make the motion of which he had pre-
viously given notice, that when the House ad-
journed yesterday that it would adjourn to meet
on Monday next; but he had failed in his efforts.
He had been requested by members to make the
motion this morning, but he was informed by offi-
cers of the House that three days were insufficient
to do the necessary cleaning in the Hall, and he
therefore declined to make the motion to-day to
adjourn over to Monday.
Mr, KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee of Accounts, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the i*esolution of the
House of March 23d, 1848, in relation to the
funeral expenses of John M% Holley, late a mem-
ber of the House from the State of New York.
Laid upon the table.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
ResolvcJ, That one thousand copies extia of report No.
498, being tile report of the Committee of Claims in lel.ition
10 the establishment of a board of commissioners for the
examination of chums against the United -State-, matte to
this House oti the 26th day of April, 1848, be printed.
Mr. COCKE rose, as soon as the resolution had
been read, and inquired if the extra copies were
not already printed, and lie wished to know by
whose authority'
Mr. MILLER and others also rose to eiicit the
information called for by Mr. Cocke.
Mr. CONGER explained the circumstances
under which this resolution was offered. When
this document was ordered to be printed by the
House, no extra copies were ordered; and, deem-
ing it a document which should be sent forth to the
people, he went to the office of the public printer
and ordered one thousand copies to be printed on
his own responsibility, so as to prevent the type
being kept or reset. The Committee on Printing
have recommended the Printing of an extra num-
ber of this report. It was a subject on which much
labor had been devoted, and many valuable statis-
tics collected, which are imbodied in this report.
The report had relation to the organization of a
board of examiners of claims against the Govern-
ment, for which purpose a bill had been reported.
Mr. MILLER inquired if he understood that
these large extra numbers had been ordered by an
individual member of this House without its au-
thority ?
Mr. CONGER reiterated his explanation, and
asserted his right as an individual to order any
number of documents he pleased.
Mr. COCKE did not deny the right of the gen-
tleman from New York to order any number of
documents for his own use, and on his own re-
sponsibility, but he did deny the right of any
member of this House to order the~printing of
extra copies of any document for this House with-
out its autho, ity.
Mr. CONGER protested against the gentleman
from Tennessee saying that he had ordered any
printing for this House. He had ordered the
printing on his own responsibility, and did not ask
this House to sanction his act unless it was deemed
right.
Mr. COCKE said this resolution proposed to
authorize the printing of the number of documents
which th® gentleman from New York had ordered,
and if it should be adopted, then this House would
have to pay fpr the extra numbers which had been
ordered. It was a document which was useful
only to the members of this House, and therefore
an extra number were not required, and hence he
was opposed to the adoption of the resolution. He
hoped it would r.ot be adopted.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, had no per-
sonal interest in the adoption of this resolution;
but as to the subject-matter of it, he differed from
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cockb.] He
deemed it a subject of very great importance both to
the House and to the country. It had been said
by the gentleman from Tennessee that it was a
matter interesting only to the House, and not tq the
country at large; but he begged to inquire if there
wore any matters of greater interest than theclaims
against the Government and the great difficulties
which arose in relation to them? Why, the sta-
tistics which had been collected showed that of 3,500
claims which had been brought to this House du-
ring one session from all parts of the Union, less
than onehundredhad been passed by Congress—not
because they had been rejected, but because they
had not been brought forward to be passed upon.
He went on to show that in some cases not one-
half of such cases had been reported upon, and he
hoped this report would be sent to the country, for
the facts which it contained would have a benefi-
cial influence on tjie people, and he hoped would
react on the members of this House. He under-
took to say, that if gentlemen would readthefacts
which this report contained, they would be satis-
fied that no greater abuse existed than the mode of
adjudicating private claims. A portion of it had
been made up by Mr. Whittlesey, who was for-
merly chairman of the Committee on Claims; an-
other"portion consisted of facts collected by one of
the clerks of this House with great labor; another
portion contained some information as to the legis-
lation of other countries on such subjects. These
facts comprised a very valuable document.
With regard to the question which had been
started as to the individual agency of the gentleman
[Mr. Conger] in ordering the printing of extra
: numbers of this document, he had but little to say.
j It had certainly been done without his (Mr. R.'s)
i knowledge and sanction. It had been done on the
gentleman's own responsibility; and the amount
involved was so small—but some £23—that he sup-
posed the gentleman would be able to meet it if the
House did not.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
know if the gentleman from New York had ordered
the extra printing as a member of the committee
or in his individual capacity?
Mr. CONGER again explained. He said the
Committee on Printing had recommended the print-
ing of the extra number, and authorized him to
make a motion for that purpose; but, failing in ob-
taining the floor, he gave direction to the printer to
print the extra copies before the type was distrib-
uted, to save the expense of resetting the type in
case the House should order the printing to be
done. The order was given on his own responsi-
bility. ^
Mr. THOMPSON had supposed that it had
been done by the crfmmittee. The report was
made, as he understood it, purely for the action of
the House, and the ordinary number was ordered.
It was not a subject of general interest. To that
report he wished briefly to call the attention of the
House. He had only looked through it cursorily,
but he found it recommended that a board should
be appointed for the adjudication of private claims;
or, in other words, that another court should be
established. This was a subject which had been
long under discussion at both ends of the Capitol,
and on which various reports had been made. He
believed they could-appoint no board which could
adjudicate claims, and take money for them out
of the treasury of the United States, without the
action of Congress.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, interposed,
and assured the gentleman from Mississippi that
he was greatly mistaken. It was not proposed to
appoint a board to adjudicate private claims, and
to take money out of the treasury. It did provide,
however, for the examination of those claims, and
for reports thereon to Congress, without requiring
Congress to appropriate money for those claims
even then.
Mr. COCKE inquired if the morning hour had
not expired ?
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Tennessee that the gentleman from Mississippi
was in possession of the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON would only add, that"" the
course recommended on the subject of private
claims would be the establishment of a singular
precedent.
Mr. DUER said he observed that the conduct
of his colleague [Mr. Conger] had been comment-
ed upon. Now, he asked permission to say th«t
the object of his colleague, in ordering the printing
on his own responsibility, was.,to save the Gov-
ernment the expense of resetting the type.
Mr. THOMPSON said the gentleman from
New York had ordered these extra copies either
on his own account or on behalf of the House. If
he had ordered them for himself, they were for his
own distribution; but if for the House, he (Mr.
T.) was not willing to sanction the right of any
individual to spend money for this House without
authority.
Mr. CONGER would say again that he did not
wish the House to adopt this resolution, unless the
House-thought that number of extra copies should
be ordered. Kor what he had done he asked no
favor from the House, or from any individual; and
he desired that gentlemen, in the discussion of this
subject, should be confined to the real question on
its merits. The single question before the House
was this: Shall there be an extra number of this
document printed > and not whether he was liable
for the payment of those ordered. He desired
Gentlemen to leave the discussion of that point.
& Mr. THOMPSON reiterated that the gentleman
from New Vork either ordered them on his own
account or for the House, by its authority, and on
its credit. If lie had ordered them for himself, of
course he would pay for them; but- if for the
House 
Mr. CONGER again interrupted the gentleman
from Mississippi, to say that he had not put forth
the fact that he had ordered these documents to be
printed as a reason why this resolution should be
adopted. The gentleman spemed to have some
object to accomplish in thus commenting on this
point.
Mr. COCKE said it was not his purpose to
reflect upon or to condemn the gentleman from
New York; he did not say that the gentleman's
motives were not of the purest kind. Mr. C.'s
sole object had been to put clown the practice of
members going in their private capacity to the
public printer and ordering any number of copies of
public documents printed on account of the House.
Mr. CONGER said, that had not the gentleman
called out this fact, of Mr? C.'s 'ordering an extra
number of this document printed, the House would
very quietly have acted on the question; and if, in
their judgment, this report was of sufficient import-
ance and value to deserve printing, would have so
ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS had one word to say to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cocke.] So far
from agreeing in the principle which the gentle-
man had asserted, he utterly dissented from it. It
was the right, and might often be the duty of a
member to apply to the printer, and have a num-
ber of extra copies of a public document printed
for the benefit of his own constituents.
Mr. COCKE did not mean to deny this right;
but he denied the obligation or the right of the
House to pay for printing out of the Treasury of
the United States, if it was ordered, not by the vote
of the House, but by a private individual member;
and he had called up this subject with a view to
prevent what he considered a dangerous precedent.
Mr. STEPHENS said that he now understood
the gentleman from Tennessee differently from
what he had before.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he did
not think this report of sufficient importance to
deserve printing at all.
Mr. CONGER said he had ordered the printing
on his own responsibility, but not for his own use.
Before any action was taken on the subject—
Mr. COCKE said, that as the morning hour
was elapsed, he moved that the House now pro-
ceed to take up the bills upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ROCKWELL remonstrated, and hoped
the motion would not be pressed. t
Mr. COCKE insisted on his motion, observing
that there were many items on the Speaker's table
which were of great importance, and it was time
to get rid of them.
