1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole'on the state of
the Union.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a privileged resolu-
tion—which was, to close the debate on the bill
now pending before the House, (the bounty-land
bill,) at two o'clock this day.
Mr. VINTON hoped the resolution would not
be adopted. There were amendments proposed
to the bill which were of great importance. The
chairman of the Land Committee, and he believed
two or three other gentlemen, were desirous of
submitting their views on the whole subject. He
moved to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Texas by inserting Monday, at two o'clock.
The question being put, the amendment was car-
ried, ana the resolution as amended agreed to. So
the debate on the pending bill is to close on Mon-
day, at two o'clock.
The question recurring on Mr. Vinton's motion
that the House go. into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the motion was nega-
tived: Ayes 64, noes 67."
Mr. COCKE moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table.
The question was decided in the affirmative:
Ayes 78, noes 57.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report (in answer to a resolution of the House)
of the number of regulars enlisted and volunteers
received into the service of the United States since
the commencement of hostilities between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico; the number killed in bat-
tles, or who have died from wounds and from dis-
ease; the number discharged; the strength of each
regiment when mustered into service, and their
strength according to the last returns; also, the
name of the State where raised, &c. Laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the act of 2d July, 1836—
1st. A copy of the abstract of the offers for car-
rying the mails made within the year preceding
the 1st of July, 1847.
2d. A report of-all contracts made for the trans-
portation of the mail within the year aforesaid.
3d. A statement of all such land and water mails
as have been established or ordered within said
year. . ,
4th. A report of all additional allowances made
to mail contractors within the said year.
5th. A report of curtailments of mail service and
pay ordered within the said year.
6th. A report of fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of contractors within the said
time. Referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
A letter from the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of the 13th of March last, informa-
tion as to whether any injury has been done to the
Capitol by cutting through the walls and arches of
the same for the introduction of gas-pipes, or from
digging about or under the foundation for the pur-
pose of putting in furnaces to heat or warm the
Hall and rooms of the Capitol, and whether the
weight upon the dome from the pole does not en-
danger the dome itself,&c. Referred to the Com-
mittee < ~ ~
printed.
THANKS TO GENERAL TAYLOR.
The joint resolution giving the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Zachary Taylor, which
had passed both Houses, a'nd was returned from
the Senate with amendments, was laid before the
House—the question being on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate.
The amendments, which were merely verbal,
were concurred in, under the operation of the pre-
vious question, moved by Mr. STEWART, of
Pennsylvania. And thus the joint resolution has
finally passed both Houses.
PATENT EXAMINERS.
The next bill was a bill to provide additional
examiners in the Patent Office, returned from the
Senate with a disagreement in amendments.
Mr. FARRELLY moved that the House insist,
and a committee of conference be appointed; which
was agreed to.
Messrs. Farrelly, McClelland, and Bar-
ringer were appointed to constitute such commit-
tee on the part of the House.
TEN-REGIMENT BILL. .
The Senate bill " to raise, for a limited time, ah
additional military force," was next laid before the
House. •
Mr. BOYD moved to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COCKE moved to refer it to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER stated that the question would
be first on the reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bira-
sall, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowltn, Boyd, Brodhead, William G.
i Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart,
> Franklin Clark, H. Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins,
' Dunn, Featlirrston, Ficklin, French, Fries, Green, W. P.
Hall, Hammons, Harmarison, Harris, Henley, Hill, G. S.
Houston, Insre, Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, La S£ie, Leftier,
Lumpkin, Maelav, McClelland, McOlernand, McDowell,
Miller, Morris, Murphy, Nicoll, Peaslee, Peck, Petrie, Pet-
tit, Peyton, Phel|>3, Piflcbury, Richardson, Robinson, Rock-
hill, Sawyer, RobortSmith, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles
E. Stuart, Strong, Jacob Thompson, R. A. Thompson,
Thurston, Turner, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, and Wood-
want*—74.
NA YS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams,Barrow,Belcher, Blanoh-
ard, Bovdon, Brady, Buckner, Cabell, Canby, Clingman,
Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cranston, Croxier, Dickey, Dix-
on, Donnell, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Ed-
wards, Embree, Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fisher, Freedley,
Gayle, Gentry, Giddings. Goggm, Gott, Gregory, Grinncll,
Hale, Ha>ke!l, Henrv, Hilhatd, Isaac E. Holmes, Elias B.
Holmes,' John W. Houston. Hubbard, T. B. King, D. P.
King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, II. Mann, Marsh,
Marvin, Morehead, Mullin, Nes, Outlaw. Palfrey, Pendle-
ton, Putnam, ReMiold-1, Julms Rockwell, J. A.Rockwell,
Itumsey, Shepperd, Shemll, Slingerland, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Stephens, A. Stuart, Strohm, Tallmadge,
Taylor, Thibodeaux, R. VV. Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, and White—79.
So the House refused the reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Cocke, it was taken and agreed to without a di-
vision; and the bill was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
AMERICAN HEMP.
The joint resolution from the Senate respecting
contracts for hemp for the use of the American
navy then came up, and was read a first and second
time; and, the question then being on ordering it
to a third reading—
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the previous
question; which was seconded.
Mr. FRIES proposed to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs; but the motion was not now
in order.
The question being taken, the third reading was
ordered; and the bill was accordingly read a third
time. The question then being on its passage—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, fnoved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with
instructions to report a certain amendment.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order
at this time.
Mr. JONES then moved a reconsideration of the
vote ordering the third reading. He said his ob-
ject in moving the reconsideration was to enable
him, when it should be reconsidered, to move an
amendment to strike out so much of the resolution
as authorized the making of the contracts at a price
not exceeding the average price for the last five
years, and to insert a provision for making the
contracts at the market price when the hemp should
be delivered. For the last three years, hemp had
been much' lower than it was at this time—much
lower than the article had generally been in this
country; and if they restricted the contracts to the
average price of the last five years, he thought no
person would be found in the country to take the
contracts. lie referred to general considerations
in favor of making the market price at the time of
delivery the standard. This was the reasonable,
fair method of the Government, as well as for in-
dividuals, and best secured the interests of both.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, had but a single re-
mark to make in reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee. The gentleman proposed so to change
the resojution as that the contracts should stipulate
to pay the price which hemp might bear at the
time of delivery; that was precisely what it was
desired by the resolution and by the growers of
hemp to avoid. The term of five years was placed
in this resolution so as to give the hemp-growers a
certainty that they should positively receive the K
designated price, that being understood and known
by them to be a remunerating price. The price of
hemp was extremely fluctuating, and the object of
this resolution was to avoid the injurious conse-
quences of it. The price at this time was $315 per
ton; the price paid two or three years ago was
$228; the average price since the foundation of the
Government had been about §200. Now, in the
absence of the supplies of hemp in this country,
owing to the uncertainty on the part of the grow-
ers as to what they were to receive, the importers
of foreign hemp were enabled to vary the prices • 
as he had shown had been the case for years, and
thereby the Government was frequently under th#
necessity of paying almost twice as much as they
could procure American hemp for, provided the
American grower could rely upon the certainty of
receiving remunerating prices. There was no limit
in the resolution, except that the price should not
exceed the average price for the last five years; and
if American growers were willing to enter into con-
tracts for the supply of hemp at these average
prices, surely the Government itself ought not to
complain. It was believed that the terms proposed
in the joint resolution were the best both for the
Government and the hemp-growers that could pos-
sibly be devised. He did not desire to detain the
House. He hoped the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee would not prevail, and that the
joint resolution would be passed.
Mr..TURNER moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question, being
first on the motion to reconsider, was ordered, ana
being taken, was decided in the negative.
The question then recurring on the passage of
the resolution, it was agreed to.
BILLS FROM THE SENATE.
The following bills from the Senate were taken
up, read a first and second time, and appropriately
refeired:
An act granting to the State of Illinois the right
of way and a donation of public lands for making
a railroad connecting the Upper and Lower Mis-
sissippi with the chain of northern lakes at Chi-
cago.
An act placing the officer who performs the duty
of adjutant at the Military Academy on an equality
as to pay and allowances with the adjutant of
recruits.
An act for the relief of John Lorimer Graham,
late postmaster in the city of New Yoik.
An act to confirm- the location, and to grant a
quaiter section of public lands, for the county site
of Hillsborough county, State of Florida.
An act respecting certain surveys in the State of
Florida.
An act extending privileges to American vessels
engaged in certain mentioned trade, and for other
purposes.
An act for ascertaining and paying the California
claims.
An act to require the holders of military land
warrants to compensate the land officers of.tho
United States for services in relation to the location
of those warrants.
An act to provide a free communication across
the Eastern Branch of the river Potomac, in the
District of Columbia.
An act to provide for the settlement of the claim
of Henry Washington, late a deputy surveyor of
the public lands in Florida.
An act for the relief of Reynolds May.
An act authorizing the purchase of the papers
of Alexander Hamilton.
An act for the relief of the forward officers of the
late Exploring Expedition.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make an arrangement or compromise with
Mangle M. Gluackenboss and his coobligore, or
any of them, for claims on bonds given by them
as sureties to the United States.
A resolution for the relief of Jonathan Lewis,
An act for the relief of .Teanette C. Huntington,
widow and sole executrix of William D. Cheever,
deceased.
An act for the relief of Creed Taylor.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole, deceased.
An act for the relief of Jesse 1 urncr.
An act for the relief of Joseph F. Caldwell.
