726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Kuy kendall.
An actgranting a pension to the widow of Jacob
Garland, deceased. "
An act for the relief of Thomas Brownell.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and the
other children of John Carr.
An act for the relief of-Thompson H utchinson.
An act for the relief of Thomas Douglas, late
United States Attorney for East Florida.
An act for the relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native
of the Cherokee nation.
An act supplementary to an act to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims (here-
in mentioned, passed April 18, 1814.
An act for the relief of Oliver C. Hanis.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to de-
clare the true intent and meaning, so far as respects
the franking privilege of members of Congress, of
the act approved the 1st of March, 1847, and en-
titled 'An act to amend the act entitled An act to
reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use and
correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of frauds on thePostOffice Depart-
ment,' passed 3d March, 1845, and for other pur-
poses," was read a first and second time.
Mr. GOGGIN moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose and said that
this was an extraordinary bill. It was designed to
give to members of Congress the right to put their
names on'pareeis and send them out to any part
of the country; and the Postmaster General, nor
any postmaster? would be authorized, or would
dare, under the bill, to question th^ genuineness of
the name of the member that it might appear to be,
■whether it were written by himself, or engraved,
or lithographed. He moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to
provide for the repair and improvement of the dam
at the head of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio
river," was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill of the House supplementary tp the act entitled
" An act to regulate the exercise of the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in certain cases,
andforotfier purposes." Laid on the table.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
entitled " An act to make Ship Island, in the col-
lection district of Pearl river, a port of delivery, and
to authorize the appointment of a surveyor for said
pOrt."
The amendments of the Senate were agreed to,
and the title was amended by striking out the word
" surveyor,"and inserting in lieu thereof the wortls
" deputy collector."
The joint resolution of the House extending the
time for the erection of certain light-houses, which
was ordered to be engrossed yn the 3d of February,
was lead a third time and passed.
GENERAL OFFICERS OF THE ARMT.
The House next proceeded to consider the en-
grossed bill of the House to amend the act entitled
"An act providing for the prosecution of the exist-
ing. war between the United States and the Repub-
lic of Mexico, and for other purposes;" the ques-
tion being on the passage.
The bill is as follows:
Be it cnactcd by the Saiate and House of Representatives of
th.p. Unite,! States oj America in Congress assembled, That the
proviso of the fir^r section of an act appioved tiie 18th day
of Juno, 1845, in tlie following words: " That when the war
with Mexico thall be terminated by a definitive treaty of
peace, duly concluded and ratified, the number of minor
gene/ah- ju the aimy shnJl be reduced to one, and the num-
ber ot brigadier funerals shall be reduced to two; and the
President of the L'mted States is antlmnzed and directed
to select, iVom tlie whole number who may then he in office
without icgard to the date of their commissions, the officers
to be retained, and cuu>e the remainder to he dischaiged
from the service of the United States/' be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood-
.yeas 80, nays 67, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bariow. Ba\ly. Belcher, Blnr.rb-
ard, Bocnck, Boydon, Brady, Hrodhead. Burt, Cabell, ("an-
by, Catlu-ai I, Clingman, Cocke, Coii<im< r, Conner, Ciant-ton
Crozlor, Dickey, j) xon, bonm-dl, Duer, Daniel Duncan!
.buwaids, Embree, Nathan Evans, FarreJiy, Fisher, Freed-
ley, Gajde, Gentry, Goggin, Gott, Gregory, Hale, Harris, 1
Haskell, Henry, Hilhard", Isaac E. Holmes, EHas B. Holmes,
Ji>lm W. Houston, Inge, Thomas Butler King, Daniel P.
King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, McDowell, Marsh,
Marvin, Morehead, Mullm, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendleton,
Petrie, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Ruinsey, Shepperd, Sheinll, Slingerlnnd, Caleb B.
Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
Strohm, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Tompkins,Toombs,Van Dj ke,
Vinton, White, Wilson, and Wooodward—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Bingham, Bowdon,
Bowhn, Boyd, William G Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Chase, F. Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Garnett fruncan, Dunn, Featherston, Fickhn, French,
Fries, Giddmgs, Green, Gnrmell, Wiilard P. Hall, Ham-
mons, Harmanson, Henley, Hill, George S. Houston, Hub-
bard. Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson, Robert
W.Johnson, George W. Jones. Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm,
LdSfcre, Leffler, Lumpkin, Maelay, McClelland, McCler-
nand, Horace Mann, Miller, Moiris, Morse,Nicoll.Peaslee,
Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Robinson, RockhilJ, Sawyer, Robeit
Smith, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Jacob Thompson,
Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson. Thurston, Tuck,
Turner, Wentworth, Wick, and Wiley—67.
So the bill was passed.
MOUNT VERNON.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial of sun-
dry American citizens,prayingthatMount Vernon
may become the property of the United States, in
order that the mansion and favorite grounds of
Washington, with the tomb containing his sacred
remains, may be kept in a suitable and proper state
of preservation.
Mr, HILLIARD moved the reference of this
memorial to a special committee of nine members.
Mr. BURT suggested to the gentleman from
Alabama that this memorial related to a subject
which had been under the consideration of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom similar
memorials had been referred; and he hoped this
would have the same direction. It was perhaps
not the time to state what action the Committee on
Military Affairs had taken upon such memorials,
but he would observe that that committee would
very soon be prepared to report on this and the
other similar memorials that had been referred.
Mr. HILLIARD said his object was to secure
a proper consideration for these memorials; and )
if like memorials had been referred to the Commit- 1
tee on Military Aftaiis, he had no desire to disturb ,
or change the reference. He hoped the Commit- (
tee on Military Affairs would make a favorable j
report, which would enable the House to act on
this subject at the present session. He would not
press his motion for a select committee, but allow
the memorial to go to the Committee on Military !
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to lay the
whole subject on the table, but afterwards with- t
drew it, that the memorial might go to the Com- i
mittee on Military Affairs. But he wished to say I
that he was opposed to the object contemplated. 1
It was desired by these memorialists, that this j
Government should give $150,000 for property that !
was entirely worthless to the U.nion. If such a
measure should come before this House, he should
oppose it, and take every means in his power to 1
defeat it. Of late, much of the legislation of Con- j
gress involved useless expenditures that ought not !
to be indulged in, and it v/as time that the mem- 1
bers of this House should set their faces against .
it. He cared not with whose name such legisla-
tion should be connected, it ought to be stopped. -
With these views, he should oppose it by every I
honorable and sensible means in his power. ;
The motion to refer to the Committee on Mill- i
tary Affairs was then agreed to.
TEXAS VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. BURT, the House proceeded j
to the consideration of the joint resolution for the \
payment of the regiment of Texas mounted vol- ;
unteers called out by Colonel Curtis,commanding
otficer at Camargo, and not mustered into service.
Mr. BURT said, this resolution had heretofore
been under consideration in this House, and it was ,
on the question of its passage when the House ad- ;
journed on a preceding day. Its object Imd been I
fully explained and discussed, and therefore he '
hoped there would be no objection to its pas-
sage at this time; for the Texas volunteers were
as much entitled to remuneration as any others
called into the service in Mexico. This was spe-
cial legislation, it was true, but it was necessary
and indispensable under the circumstances of the
case. It was recommended by the Secretary of
War, and he presumed would be objected to by
nobody. He hoped he should have the approba-
tion of the House in moving the previous question
upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put, being
first on the pending amendment, which provided
against payment for horses lost for want of for*
age.
The question being taken, the amendment waa
rejected, and the resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
third reading.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved the reconsider-
ation of the vote ordering the resolution to be en-
grossed for a third reading. He said he had no
objection to paying the Texas volunteers precisely
the same as other "volunteers were paid. He
thought it right that they should be so paid; but
this resolution proposed to pay those who had
been in the service for a very short period as much
as others, nay more than those who had been longer
in the service. It proposed to give to the Texas
volunteers who had not bnen in service more than
sixty or ninety days, bounties and compensation
and remuneration exceeding the payments to those
who have been in the service since the war began.
Those who have been in the service since the war
commenced were not entitled to compensation for
their horses, unless they were actually killed in
battle; but these men called from Texas, who have
never seen the enemy, were to be entitled to pay-
ment for their horses, which, it was said, had been
lost in consequence of the neglect of the Govern-
ment to furnish them with forage. What reason was
there to be offered for this peculiar exception? Ii
i was said, if they passed a general law to pay fot
j horsey lost in the service, still these men would nor
be paid, because they were called out irregularly.
This, he held, was not a valid objection; for a
provision could be introduced into the general bill
to give them the same that was given to other vol-
unteeis. If it was intended to pass a geneial bill,
provision could be made for the Texas volunteers;
but until it wa-s determined to provide for all others,
he was unwilling to make an exception in favor of
these men, who had been in service a very few
; days. There were men from Missouri who went
out on the first call for volunteers by the Presi-
dent of the United States; they travelled some five
thousand or six thousand miles, and nearly all
j their hotses perished. And where, he asked, was
! the law giving them a cent for the losses they had
sustained ? Again, the horses of other volunteers
from other States were thrown overboaid in the
i Gulf, and why had not they as good a claim as
these Texas volunteers, who marched one hundred
; and fifty or two hundred miles only, and when
I they got to the seat of war were immediately sent
, back again ?
S Mr. BURT understood the gentleman from
j Missouri to say, that this resolution proposed to
give Texas volunteers a greater sum than any
| other volunteers were likely to receive. Now, he
should be much indebted to the gentleman it he
would show him specifically in what particular this
resolution proposed to pay these Texas volunteers
a greater sum, or allowance, or emolument, than
was received hy other volunteers.
Mr. HALL thought he had been sufficiently
| explicit. This resolution proposed to pay the
i Texas volunteers for horses lost for want of forage,
I but there was no provision to pay other volunteers
! for such losses, and thus they would receive pay
j which was not received by others.
Mr. BURT had yet to learn that pay for horses
lost was part of their pay and allowance for ser-
vice. This resolution did certainly propose to give
to the Texas regiment of voluntceis payment for
their horses also, and it was known to the House
that the Committee on Military Affairs had like-
; wise promptly reported a bill to pay for all horses
i lost in the war for want of forage being furnished
! by the Government of the United States. But if
j such a general law had been passed giving the Sec-
, retary of War authority to pay for horses lost in
j Mexico under such circumstances, this regiment
i of Texas volunteers would receive nothing by
; virtue of that law.
1 Mr. HALL begged leave to ask the gentleman
i from South Carolina, if a law were passed to pay
! other volunteers for horses lost in the war, with
! a proviso extending to this case, together with all
! others, whether these Texas volunteers would not
! be paid for their horses?
