782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
and then enter the Jand. If this sacrifice of the
public domain was to inure to the benefit of the
soldiers who had fought for the country, the pro-
ceeding, whatever might be thought of its policy,
would be Jess objectionable: but who did not know
that in all these cases of donations of land it was
not the soldier who got the benefit? Who was so
ignorant of the past as to hope such a result? It
was the speculator who ever got the lion's share,
while the man who had done the service and borne
the_ burden and heat of the day got but a mere
pittance of what was given as a reward to him.
Everybody knew that the standing market price of
the land bounties granted in the last war was $20;
and two years ago,*when it had been proposed in
Congress to provide bounty lands for our soldiers
serving in this Mexican war, it was declared in
debate, and none disputed it, that unless some
measure was adopted to fix the value of land war-
rants as a saleable commodity, their price in the
market would inevitably run down to little or noth-
ing. As a means of guarding against this evil, he
had himself proposed that the Government should
issue certificates of stock for $100 bearing interest
at six per cent.; and should then grant the return-
ing soldier his option to take his reward either in
land or in stock: this would effectually prevent land
warrants from depreciating much below that point:
and those warrants, in point of fact, stood at about
that price now. He had recently seen a notice in
a New York paper of warrants to be had at $95.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, stated that he had re-
cently learned that they were worth $124.
Mr. YINTON, resuming, said that, on the other
hand, one gentleman near him had just informed
them that they had, recently been sold at $40; and
another added that he had seen them sold by thou-
sands in New Orleans at $60. It was always so.
These certificates were always a commodity in the
hands of speculators and land jobbers.
Whenever a law was proposed for land bounties,
nothing was heard in that Hall but the services
and hardships of "the poor soldier"—his patriot-
ism and his sacrifices were the theme of many
pathetic speeches, and the obligations of public
gratitude were urged with a burning zeal; not a
word was said about the speculators. It was
usually pressed on the House under the pretext
that the effect of such grants would be to settle the
country; it would do no such thing; not one sol- i
dier in fifty entitled to these bounties ever saw his
land or set his foot within a hundred miles of it.
The grant always went to the benefit of somebody
else, and the land remained as it was before.
- The measure now so warmly urged upon the
House would practically amount to a total sur-
render of the public lands. It was true we had
granted land bounties for the soldiers of the Revo-
lution and those who had served in the last war;
but there was this wide distinction between those
bounties and those in the bill—the former warrants
were all to be satisfied out of a designated tract;
the lands lay in a body, within certain prescribed
metes and bounds; the revolutionary land war-
rants were to be located on a particular tract m the
State of Ohio, while those of the last war lay in
the States of Missouri, Mississippi, and Arkansas,
within certain limits in each of those States laid
down and specified in the law. But in this case,
there was no such specification; the warrants were
to be receivable in all the land offices of the Union;
and it required no prophet to perceive that if each
of these offices was not converted into a broker's
shop, there would speedily be found such a shop
not far from the door where these warrants would
be bought up. Ihe purchaser was required by
law to pay for his lands in gold and silver. He
came with $200 in hard cash to enter a farm
for himself and his sons, but he would be very
soon tipped on the elbow by a man who would
offer him a warrant that would get him the same
amount of land for $180, or possibly for $160, and
the broker who made this offer would at the same
time pocket probably $120 by the operation. That
was the way this thing would go. A gentleman
near him said it was going so now in regard to
warrants issued for the present war. This result
had been foretold at the time the law was passed,
but the law was all for the benefit of " the poor
soldier." A gentleman from Tennessee assured
him that the grants under this amendment would
amount to fifty-one millions of acres.
.Mr. McCLERNAND here interposed, and (the
floor being yielded him for explanation) went on
to observe, that the gentleman who made that
statement was mistaken. Mr. McC. held in his
hand an official report, which gave the total num-
ber of the militia who served during the last war.
They were given by classes; and the total number
amounted to 69,897; and the land, at this estimate,
would amount but to 6,138,000. He felt confident
that this estimate was very nearly correct.
Mr. EMBREE said, that if the amendment
should become a law, only one-fiftieth part of the
public lands now surveyed would go to the sol-
diers for whom these bounties were proposed.
Mr. VINTON, resuming, said it was perfectly
immaterial to him which statement was right.
Begin once to grant bounties on the principle of
this amendment, and you could not stop short of
every man who had served in the Revolution, and
in the last war with Great Britain, and in the Black
Hawk war, and even those who had served upon
the ocean. Adopt the principle, and<there was an
end of this branch of the revenue.
But further: could Congress adopt the proposed
measure without a violation of the national faith?
When we made the late loan of twenty-three mil-
lions, the Government pledged to the public credi-
tor these very lands as his security. He knew
that it had been said by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. McClerstand,] that in this he was mis-
taken; that the pledge made by the Government
covered only the actual sales of the public lands.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Cinder the ordinary ad-
ministration of our land system.
Mr. VINTON. Yes: under the ordinary ad-
ministration of our land system. But what was
this ordinary administration ? The United States
had forty land offices for the sale of its lands under
certain provisions of law, perfectly well known and
understood. It said to the creditor who loaned
his money, " Here is our land system, as estab-
lished by law and administered under it; you shall
have the result for your security." These land
sales had heretofore brought us one hundred and
twenty millions of dollars. Now, if this were a
private transaction between two citizens, and one
had loaned his money to the other on this under-
standing, and the borrower should, after that,
make such a disposition of his lands as to put a
stop to the sale of them, what would a chancellor i
say to the transaction? If, after borrowing money '
on such pledges, the Government entered into a !
new arrangement of its public domain, such as i
should put an end to the operation of its former I
land system, or suspended that operation, would it j
not be a palpable violation of our engagement? i
And now, he would ask, was the existing state i
of the country such that we could spare this branch J
of the revenue? That was the question which pre-
sented itself; for if this scheme went into effect,
that source of revenue must be dried up. Could
we dispense with it? We were in the midst of an
expensive war. True, we hope for peace; but if
we should not get peace, then the war must go on
at the rate of some sixty millions a year. To meet
this, we must take up loans to the amount of thirty
or forty millions per annum. But suppose we
should get peace, then we should have to settle up
the expenses of the whole contest, and see how we
stood, and where we found ourselves. If we had
to bring home the army and pay Mexico twenty
millions for New Mexico and California, we should
have on our hands a public debt of one hundred
and twenty millions, drawing an interest of six or
seven millions. Besides, our treaty guarantees
would require an increase of our standing army to
protect the Mexicans. Besides, we should then
have an extension of our territory, and more of it
to guard, so that there could be no hope of ever
getting back to our former peace establishment. i
A gentleman from South Carolina of
raise a sinking fund of five or ten millions of dol-
lars per annum. Should we get out of this war
to-day, we could not get on with less than forty
millions a year.
Now, what had we got to stand against this? If
we should throw away a fund worth a thousand
millions of dollars, what had we to fall back upon ?
The customs, and nothing but the customs. Did
any gentleman dream of getting along upon these?
If there was any gentleman in the House who ex-
pected it, all he could say was, that he was a gen-
tleman of large powers of faith.
In the very nature of things,as the country filled
up with settlements and population, the revenue
from the customs would fail to increase m the same
proportion. Our revenue for this ye£r had been
estimated at thirty-orie millions; but was it possi-
ble that it would keep up to that amount another
year? What were we sending abroad at this time
which could pay for these vast importations of for-
eign goods? Why, we had already discovered
that " free trade" would not sell anything abroad
except what those who lived abroad were under
an imperious necessity of buying. What were
we now sending abroad, or what had we, for the
last six months, beyond the ordinary exportation
of the country? Nothing. And if we were re-
ceiving a revenue of thirty-one millions of dollars
duties upon imports, when we considered the very
limited amount of exports going abroad, it was
impossible but that a very large debt fnust accu-
mulate against the country for the present year,
which must be paid by the exports of future years.
It might b^that money would be sent in from
abroad for tne purpose of taking our stocks; but
this did not alter the case. It was a debt which
foreigners had against us, and which must here-
after be paid in principal and interest. The stocks*
to be issued under the bill of the present session
might possibly, to some extent, go abroad for these
importations; but that was a process which must
be very shortly ended with the war. No princi-
ple in political economy was better settled than
that the ability of any country to import was lim-
ited by the amount of its exports. No country
could import beyond its exports. The one must
pay for the other. And if we were over-importing
now, as a matter of course, we must pay by the
exports of future years: or, in other words, by
curtailing, limiting the imports. There was the
check: that whenever any country for any consid-
erable time continued to keep its imports above its
exports, it destroyed their credit. Now, when we
considered our condition, uncertain whether we
should get peace, and if we did, in view of the
large demands for money which must come upon
the treasury for years to come, he asked this com-
mittee, were they prepared to pass a measure which,
in its present shape, must inevitably dry up that
branch of our revenues?
There were other views of the subject which he
considered of no little importance, but the great
question was as to the ability of the country, as
to whether it could possibly afford to spare this
branch of the public revenue? This was the lead-
ing objection. We were under no obligation to
make this appropriation. As he had already said,
there was no gentleman who would more cheer-
fully vote anything for those who had hazarded
their lives and given up their service to the coun-
j try; but there must be a limit to such legislation
| in the action of those who had gone before us
thirty, forty, sixty years; for one portion of the
proposition was to go back to services sixty years
ago, and the rest of it to thirty years, since which
j| a whole generation had gone by. There must be
1 an end to this thing somewhere; we must have
an irnm Nnnth i~ Pu^c policy which would put an end to that sort
knowledge and experience on all military subjects '■!  "d ^ whlch. would be under-
who was a member of the Committee on Mihtarv ' ft ? what.e®ch generation does for itself, as
Affairs m the Senate, had given it asZonS ^ f .T' w,,hreSal'dJt0 contracts it makes
that it would be impossible to'reduce our standing I public service, ends and closes up the mat-
army below twenty thousand men. He (Mr V )
did not pretend to have any very accurate acquaint-
ance with those subjects, but he gave the opinion
of one who had. r
ter.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, after some pre-
liminary remarks, in which he gave notice he in-
 ,, to occupy the floor but a few moments, said
On the whole case, he came to the conclusion n J1,6 was in f*vor of the main features of the bill and
that if we would meet the increased expense J. dm™dment- He favored it from the great con-
the Government and pay the interest of the miblic |! 'de,n'10n,that those who performed military ser-
debt, we must calculate on providing some thirtv I k1C°S country were as eminently entitled to
five millions annually; it could not certainly hi '! ™mpe«sated for those services as those who
done under thirty. But we must do more !| Per.fo™ed any other service; and that the miserable
this; we must do what our fathers did—we m^ I1 ! i?',"ance,which the Government doled out to
we must t< the soldier who fought our battles was no adequate
