1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
compensation for the loss of his time, for the priva-
tions, toils, dangers, he undergoes. Independent of
his patriotism, uie pittance of seven dollars a month
was no compensation to'him. Like his colleague,
who had explained his views, [Mr. Thompson,] he
should be unwilling to vote a larger sum in money,
because the Government might not always have
the cash to pay. He did.not wish to bankrupt our
exchequer; lie did not wish to run our Government
in debt-beyond its ability to pay; butwhen the Gov-
ernment was rich—rich in the possession of public
lands—lands won, defended, by the valor of,'our
troops, he asked whether we could not, without a
* great stretch of liberality on the part of this Gov-
ernment, give a small portion to those to whom
we were indebted for the whole?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had
assumed a most extraordinary position: he said
we gave no bounty lands to the militia in the Rev-
olution, and therefore he argued against the propo-
sition to grant lands under this amendment. He
(Mr. B.) cared not whether they were militiamen
or regulars; the one was as much entitled to com-
pensation as the other, if he fought the battles of
the country; they were alike American citizens,
and alike entitled to the bounties of the Govern-
ment.
But the gentleman asked, if you pass this bill,
why not go back to the Revolution, and grant
bounty lands to all the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, who served then? His
colleague [Mr. Thompson] had answered, that the
revolutionary soldiers received pensions. But an-
other answer, still more cogent, occurred to his
mind. There was a vast difference in the ability
and resources of thifc Government now and at that
time: then it consisted of thirteen infant colonies,
■which iiad long been engaged in a war with the
most powerful nation on earth; now it was com-
posed of twenly-nineStates, rich in all theresources
which constituted the wealth of a nation—rich in
the possession of a vast public domain—rich in
the possession and receipt of revenues from other
sources.
But, said the gentleman from Ohio, it will not
do to grant these lands to the soldiers who have
fought our Battles, because, perchance, the specu-
lators will buy them. It seemed to him that this
was a most extraordinary'conclusion to be arrived
at by a gentleman of the eminence of the gentle-
man from Ohio. Why, if a man owed another a
debt, would he say he would not pay him because
he would squander away the mofi'ey? We owed
the soldiers who had fought for the rights we now
enjoy a debt of gratitude, and should we refuse to
pay them bounty lands because somebody would
cheat them out of them? The gentleman would
kill the soldier with his kindness. It was no mat-
ter to the Government what the soldier did with
his lands. We might as well refuse to pay him
his seven dollars per month because some sutler
would sell him shoes at live dollars a pair. Be-
sides, had it never occurred that there might be
guards and protections thrown around the soldier
to protect him from sharpers? Such laws had
been passed, and why might they not be again?
But, said the gentleman, these lands are pledged
for the redemption of the war debt. This pledge
was security for the punctual payment of the in-
terest; but if that debt, principal and interest, was
punctually redeemed when itf'eli due, of what mat-
ter was it to the public stockholder whether he was
paid out of the land revenues or revenues from other
sources? And where was the man, either in this
House or out of it, who believed that this Govern-
ment was going to allow its credit to suffer by not
meeting the demands against it as they fell due ?
- But the gentleman from Ohio remarked, also,
that this Government would fall into discredit, and
had ventured the prediction that the $31,000,000
customs of this year would not be received the
next year. But the gentleman, he thought, had
lost his reputation for prophecy, for only some four
short months since, at the opening of the session,
he had predicted that the actual receipts for the
year would fall some eight or ten millions short of
the estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury 
$31,000,000. We had facts which demonstrated
the correctness of the Secretary, for there had al-
ready been received §28,000,000, and two of the
twelve months had not yet expired. The gentle-
man had proved himself not a prophet, and he must
excuse him (Mr. B.) if he did not rely on his predic-
tions hereafter.
He referred to a computation he had made from
the public'records—which he believed would be
found correct in the main—from which it appeared
that 93,872,000 acres of public lands have been
sold, and yielded to the treasury §130,000,000: the
cost of the 93,872,000 acres, at 23 cents an acre,
was $21,390,000. The whole number of acres sold
and unsold,and nowin the market, was333,000,000
acres—the whole cost of which, at 23 cents an acre,
was about $77,000,000; and for that part which was
sold, having received $130,000,000, the land opera-
tions of the Government had proved a soui'ce of
revenue to the Government of some $53,000,000.
For himself he was free to declare, he never had,
he did not now desire to see this Government re-
solved into a mere land-jobbing machine. If she
received back what the land had cost her, he thought
she was amply compensated. So far as he was
concerned, he did not desire anything more, but
thought the Government should rely on other
sources of revenue for support, and ought to take
especial care that every citizen who desired, and
especially every citizen who has fought her battles
in the hours of her trial and difficulty, should be
provided with a home. ;
• He concluded by briefly explaining the follow-
ing amendments, which he intended to offer when
in order:
Insert after the words " eighty acres of land,"in line ,
'■ and anysuch non-commissioned officer, musician, and pu-
vate of any company of volunteers oi militia, who actually
served three months in said Indian war, or the war with Great
Britain, shall be entitled to receive forty acres of land."
That the benefits of the 9th section of the above recited
act he, extended first to the unmarried asters, and after them
to the infant brothers under sixteen years of age, of ail de-
ceased officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
piivates, in the same manner and to the same extent that
the benefits of said 9th section are now extended to widows,
children, father.-, and inmhers of said olheers, non-eomnns-
sioned officers, mu-icians, and privates.
That in addition to the bounty land allowed to volunteers
by the act of 11 ih Febiuarv, 1847, <*tt> raise, for a limited time,
an additional military lorce, and tor other purposes," there
shall be a further giant to each of said volunteers of forty 1 :
acres for every thiee months' service after the first twelve i:
months. * 11
11
Mr. COLLAMER next obtained the floor. He
said he. hardly knew whether, on a great question
like this, he had occasion of regret or of congratu-
lation upon the fact of so few members being in-
duced to hear, and therefore, so few to be present
to make disturbance. It was a question rather
equivocal, there being various considerations pro
and con. No doubt those who wished to hear
would attend, and take the means of informing
themselves; as to those whose minds were made
up to the thing whether, or no, it was very little
matter whether they heard or not; it might disturb
them."
He was very little inclined to disguise a trans-
action, or to speak with any obliquity. They
might as well avow their opinions and feelings
boldly, as to discover a great deal of ingenuity,
and perhaps some sinister motives, unbecoming
the character of a gentjeman, in endeavoring to
disguise them; therefore he was disposed to look
every subject directly in the face, dealing with it
with entire frankness, and asking a reciprocation
of that frankness. It was never a matter of choice
with him that he broke the quiet silence of this
House; but, as the Committee on Public Lands,
of w hich he was a member, had had this matter un -
der their consideration, he felt it his duty to speak
of it somewhat at large.
There were in the contemplation of gentlemen,
various projects standing directly behind this, by
which, if this could not be carried alone, it was
intended to be aided; and gentlemen who enter-
tained very different views—though they might
not be aware of it—were uniting their efforts. He
thought a considerable body, upon different sides
of this House, composed of very different mate-
rials, and actuated by very different reasons, were
laboring towards the same point, and that point
was, to get rid of the public lands. That was the
purpose. Some were frank enough to own it;
others partially owned it; others disguised it even
to themselves; and yet this was the common result
at which they were aiming. Some were for dis-
pensing wholly with dealings in the land and with
revenue from it, under the impression that the
lands would thereby become cheaper, and be set-
tied more rapidly in their neighborhoods; he
charged them with nothing dishonorable. Another
said: "As to the public land system, I think it a
sort of land-jobbing business on the part of the
Government, and had better be got fid of any
way." Another said he thought it was the tend-
ency of our present system to accumulate large
quantities in particular hands, and thereby intro-
duce the system of landlord and tenant in our
country, which would be a disgrace to our institu-
tions; and he was in favor of breaking it up for
this reason. The reason of another cla# was,
unless they could get the prices reduced to mere «
nothing, extremely poor people could never settle
the lantls; they were desirous of aiding them to
settle, and if they could succeed, they would throw
our public domain open. That was their motive.
But another considerable class, including, he
apprehended, a larger part of this House than
would at first be supposed, said that you never can
have in a government like ours a large quantity of
money on hand at the disposal of the government
but it is always becoming a corruption fund. It
will be at the disposal oT Executive power and
patronage. It will always be used, therefore, as
a means of corruption, for it will stick in the hands
of those who have the keeping of it. They con-
tended that the same principle, to a comparatively
limited extent, applied to the public lands. How?
Why, because it would be considered that the
party or candidate who would hold out the largest
promises of bribery, by giving away the public
lands when they came into power, would be most
likely to secure their elevation. He might as well
tell the truth. Many and many a man sat in that
House who said, " I am disposed to believe the
lands have been used in this way, under the idea
that the larger the promises gentlemen can hold
out to their States and their people, the better then-
chance for election; and because the possession of
ourpublic lands has this tendency to corruption, I
am for getting rid of them altogether. I am for
any system which will get them out of the hands
of the Government. I do not care where they go,
let them go."
Another motive, which might as well be told
while he was about it. There were some men in
this nation who said, if we could get rid of this
$2,000,000 or #3,000,000 income from the public
lands we would have a protective t&riff; and we will
vote them away for that reason, and the quicker
we get rid of them the better.
These were some few of the many motives which
operated on the minds of different gentlemen in
voting for these various propositions. There were
many more rather more sinister, which perhaps
might have weight; but it might be unbecoming a
gentleman even to suggest that they could be en-
tertained by anybody. Now, to a man conscious
of this state of things, it must occur to the minds
of gentlemen that it could not be a very agreeable
position to 1 be placed at the head of a committee
which was charged with the taking care of these
lands, when he knew that, to some extent at least,
these various motives were operating upon differ-
ent parts of this House, all tending to the same
result—that was to thwart him in the very busi-
ness about which they had been set about by the
House. They had set the committee at the busi-
ness of taking a proper charge, a prudential over-
sight of this department; and the motives, inten-
tions, and feelings of the men who had set them
about it being to thwart them if they could, it was
rather a thankless part. But no matter, the duty
must be discharged. Until it was succeeded m
squandering away the land, they should take the
best-care of it they could.
Now, what was this bill ? It was a bill, he
granted, reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. What was it? It was time for them to
recur to what it was. Why, it was nothing more
or less than this: Government had made a contract
by which it had agreed that the soldiers of the
Mexican war, who had served out their periods
faithfully, or were discharged honorably, should
have one hundred and sixty acres of land. Well,
some of them had happened to conduct themselves
so well that they were promoted, received commis-
sions—the officers of some of the companies had
died or were killed, and they were elected to com-
mand and received their commissions—and behold!
somehow or other, (he did not blame anybody,)
the department here had decided that promotion
was not an honorable discharge. He said promo-
tion from the line to be an officer and to a commis.
sion under the Government was an honorable
discharge to the soldier. He ought to have re-
ceived his bounty lands. Bu.t the department had
