734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
decided the reverse, and the committee had report-
ed this bill he should have his lands. He did
not know thai anybody objected to it. But what
had been done? Why, these men who were en-
titled, as all admitted, to their lands, were to be
overslaughed by these propositions to carry back
this same provision to the soldiers of the last war,
of ti# Seminole and Black Hawk wars, of all the
f wars under Generals Wayne, Harmar, St. Clair,
and it ought to have included those of the Rev-
olution. He askepJ, what on earth had this'to do
with the bill? .Had it any relationship with it?
None in the world. And why were these poor
soldiers to be trod-upon, rode over rough-shod with
measures which had nothing to do with them?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and inquired if the gentleman imputed that his
(Mr. T.'s) object in moving the amendment was
to destroy the bill ? If the gentleman meant to in-
dicate that he was not sincerely desirous to pass
the bill he was certainly mistaken.
Mr. COLLAMER had said nothing about the
gentleman's motion. He had said that would be
the effect. Whether gentlemen intended what
would be the effect, was another matter. He did
not intend to impute to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, or any other gentleman, bad motives; but, in
due time, when a vote was asked, he should insist
upon it that all these propositions were not ger-
mane to the bill, and were out of order. They
should be presented by bills coming from commit-
tees having the matter in charge. There was a
bill now upon the table, he believed, in relation to
"'these Wayne wars, which had been committed to
a committee, at the head of which was the gentle-
man from Kentucky. Let each proposition be
discussed, £s it should be, on its own merits. But,
inasmuch as they had been introduced and dis-
cussed, he wished to give his views.
In die first place, he thought gentlemen mistook
the effect of the law of the last session authorizing
the $23,000,000 loan. By that law the sales of the
public lands were pledged not merely to the pay-
ment of the interest of the loan. Gentlemen seemed
to suppose because this Government was good,
because H would finally redeem that loan, therefore
it might disregard the pledges contained in that
bill. He wished to call the attention of gentlemen
who had any regard for the public faith to the very
condition expressed m that act. Now it was not
enough that this Government was good, and would
finally pay up that loan, principal and interest.
The effect of that provision of the act was not
merely that a man when he subscribed for that loan
should not distrust the Government, but it was
very important for e.very man who subscribed that
the stock should continuegood in the market during
the twenty years, so that whenever his circum-
stances should require him to realize his money
he could sell his stock in the market any day. He
would refresh the recollection of gentlemen by
reading the section:
"Sfc.19 Jlnd he it further cnacled, That for the payment
of the j-tock which may be created under tile ptovi-nons ot |i
this act, the sale> of the public lands aie hereby pledged;
and it is hereby made the duty ot'tho Setretaiy of tin- Tic.is - l|
uiy to twi and apply all moneys winch maj he received into |j
the treasury for the tales ol the public lands, after the lstdav 'i
of January, 1848, hrst, to pa\ the interest on all stocks issued J1
by virtue of this act; and, secondly, to use the lm}anc« ot ]'
said receipts, aftci pajmc the interest aforesaid, in the pur- j,
chase of said stocks at their market value, provided no more 1!
than par shall be paid for said stocks." |j
Now suppose that $3,000,000 was received an- ji
nually fiom the sales of the lands; it would take
only about one million to pay the interest, and then ;
under this section the remaining $2,000,000 were ||
required to be put by—for what? Topaytheprin-
cipal; whenever the stock could be bought in the
maiket at par, that money was-to be taken and the
stock was to be bought. Now, did not every man
see that the stock could not go below par m the
market while the Government kept tins fund?
That was the true character of the pledge; and
the position of the gentleman from Mississippi,
that the Government would be good enough to pay
it finally, would not do; the promise was a distinct
promise from this—it was that at all times while
any of this fund remained after paying the interest,
this stock should be kept at par in the market.
Now, what was implied in that pledge? Why,
that the Government would not intentionally do
anything to essentially dimmish the sales of the
public lands. He did not consider that it would
prevent making a donation of lands to a college or
other institution of learning, of alternate sections to
railroads through the public lands, or to any ordi-
nary purposes of legislation; but they were clearly
not at liberty, they had solemnly bound the faith
of this Government not to entertain such ,a pro-
position—ra proposition which would essentially
diminish the revenue from the public lands. How,
then,-could any man, having any regard for the
public faith, vote for propositions of this charac-
ter? It was an old and just maxim, that we should
be just before we are generous; surely it would not
be just thus to dry up for along series of years this
source of revenue which we had expressly pledged
to the public creditor to keep our stock at par.
He referred to the frequent use of the term u boun-
ty lands" as calculated to convey an erroneous
impression, and said that in no instance had this
Government voted lands as a mere gratuity; but
that these " bounty lands" were part of the pay-
ment to the soldiers now serving in the war with
Mexico', as much so as their money and clothing,
stipulated before they entered the service, except
m the case of a small proportion who had entered
the army before the law was passed, and who were
placed on the same footing as all the rest of the
army. *
In relation to the Indian wars under Wayne,
Harmar, St. Clair, and others, this subjcct of grants
of land had been discussed and considered, from
time to time, by men who knew all about it, thirty
years ago, and been refused. And here he would
remark to the gentleman from Mississippi, that we
had then more land in proportion to the number of
our inhabitants than we have now.
With regard to the computation made by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] of the
profits made by the Government from the sales of
the lands over and above their cost, he said it should
be remembered that we received a large proportion
of them from Virginia; and when she gave her quit
claim, it was on the express condition that their
proceeds should go first to extinguish the debt of
the Revolution. Now, that debt had been paid in
money; but take every dollar we had ever received
from the lands, and it would not pay more than
two-thirds of that debt. Therefore, it. was not true
that we had such lands over and above their cost.
We had no such lands.
He referred gentlemen to House document No.
20, 2d session 24th Congress, for the real number
of men who served in the last war, and who weie
covered by the amendment. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McClernand] had estimated them
at about 70,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND said the whole number of
troops, being six and twelve months, contemplated
by the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Thompson,] was 69,897, and the whole
quantity of land to be granted as bounties to these
troops, was 6,138,520 acres.
Mr. COLLAMER said that the official returns
showed that the whole number of militia in the
last war was 382,000, of non-commissioned offi-
cers 57,000, and of officers 31,000, making 472,000
in all; and these, in addition to 38,000 warrants
which had been issued to the regular army of that
war for bounty lands.
But where was the propriety of the gentleman
from Mississippi stopping with the six months'
men? Were not those who had served three
months, for instance, equally deserving? And
how did the gentleman draw the line of distinc-
tion.' But why stop here? He had no doubt that
the men who went fiom Kentucky, Tennessee, and
from other States, with General Jackson, to New
Orleans, served six months, and yet they had not
been paid at all. Those who were at the " Bla-
densburg races," too, were out perhaps for six
months. How that was, he knew not, nor had he
any means of knowing. But this he knew, that
many ot those who were out, for whom provision
was to be made, were in garrisons, holding them
in the absence of the troops in active service.
Those men doing garrison duty enjoyed easy times.
Such were the six months' men. He had some
little knowledge on the subject, for he was among
them, though of those who were a fesv days short
of six months' service, so of course they would
get nothing.
He repeated, there was no propriety in giving
these bounties as proposed, and shutting out the
soldiers of- the war of the Revolution. Such a
distinction could not be justified to his satisfaction.
For seven years that war went on, and when the
British came to Horse Neck and burnt New Lon-
j don, they were subject to be draughted every
• month of the year. But oh, he was told, they had
had pensions. This he denied. The first pension
law was passed in 1832 granting pensions to militia
| men, and then only to such as were at that tirr*e
' living.. From fifty to sixty years passed over from
the time the service was rendered to the passage
of that law, and thousands of them had sunk into
; the grave without having received any pension,
j This distinction, then, assumed the shape of gross
: injustice.
But again: had they ever given a dollar to the
seamen and marines who fought the battles of the
i country on the ocean and on the lakes? Those
men had met the enemy on the element on which
he had assumed to reign*, they had bearded the
lion in his den. And why, then, should not they
be included? There was also the Seminole war in
Florida, and even the Creek war. This bill could
not be made acceptable to him unless the soldiers
of those wars were included. If this amendment
was to pass, he presumed it would be so modified
as to meet these cases.
But there was another point to which he wished
to call the attention of gentlemen for a few mo-
ments. It was impossible to disguise the fact, that
if thi3 bill, with the-proposed amendments, should
pass, it would destroy the income from the public
lands for many years. With these warrants in
the market, they could not sell the public lands.
He knew the warrants of the soldiers of the Mex-
j ican war were kept up because they had the alter-
; native of taking scrip for §100; and therefore below
i that amougt the warrants would not fall. But
what would be the fact if this proposition should
be passed? Why, they would be thrown into the
market at a tim$ when fifty thousand were already
issued, and fifty thousand more were to be issued.
Why, as soon as these men came home from
Mexico and found these warrants in the market,
they would fall back upon the alternative and take
Government scrip. Every man, instead of taking
his warrant, would take his $100 scrip. And how
i much would it amount to? Why, to $5,000,000.
: It was a simple question of mathematics. These
; Mexican soldiers would not take land warrants,
for with these additional warrants in the market,.
1 they would not be able to sell them; they would
: prefer the scrip, and thus $5,000,000 would be
added to the public debt, which would be increased
by that amount. Now, did gentlemen desire that?
: Some gentlemen might, for the purpose of obtairr-
1 ing a higher tariff; but to such gentlemen he would
' say, " take care that you do not get direct taxes."
What was the income of the public land? We
had been receiving about three millions per annum,
j For the next year, Mr. Walker anticipated the re-
i ceipt of three millions and a half. He calculated
; that sum, which he based on the preemption rights,
! and he may realize it. Already more had been
; received than the proportion of three millions for
1 the same period; but if these warrants were issued,
should they ever be able to get back the public
j lands to pay Virginia and other States the debt
contracted in the Revolution?
He knew there were gentlemen here who were
tenacious of that revenue; there were some who
i desired free trade, and others who called for inter-
nal improvements; and to such gentlemen he would
: say, beware how you cut off this revenue of three
! millions of dollars; do not say that a man from
j New England stood here and encouraged you to
' get rid of that revenue; do not charge it on me.
Remember you have been told of it to-day plain-
ly and fairly. He knew not but gentlemen mi^ht
. think that as much capital could be made in the
approaching election by this as they mijrht lose by
; the final result; but they had better bewaie. If ad-
, vantage were to be gained by it, he should not lesort
! to such contrivances for any sinister advantages
j that mi^ht accrue to him. If this bill shoukfbe
! passed in its present shape, the revenue from the
public lands would be cutoff, and a large amount
would be added to the public debt,and this he was
not willing to sanction tor any temporary personal
■ advantage. Of the consequences of such legisla-
tion gentlemen could judge as well as he could, if
; they would but take the trouble to think.
As he had yet a few minutes remaining of his
allotted time, he would call the attention of"gentle-
men a little more at large to a question to which he
had already briefly referred. He had said that
there were men who were willing to destroy the
income from the public lands for the motives which
