THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1848.
New Series No. 47.
many would die or be killed, and how much land
the Government would save thereby in consequeRce
of the bill not extending to the brothers and sis-
ters? Did any member desire to withhold this
bounty from the brothers and sisters of those who
sacrificed their lives in the service of their country,
which this brother would have been entitled to if
he had lived to fulfill his term of service, and return
to his friends and his home? What compensation
is this paltry bounty for the loss of a kind and
affectionate brother?
Sir,said Mr. S., we ought not to hesitate for one
moment in passing this amendment. His opinions
in this matter had undergone no change. While
the bill was under discussion which we were now
trying to amend, he advocated not only -a. larger
bounty in land than passed, but advocated an in-
crease of pay to the soldiers. And, in answer to ob-
jections urged against the ability of the Government,
he remarked, that "the Government had land
enough and to spare, and he had yet to learn that
our Government could not raise the money neces-
sary to prosecute the war, even though the pay of
thesoldier should be raised to ten dollars per month.
Sir, is there any member of this House who has
so low an estimate of the patriotism" of his coun-
trymen as to suppose that they would not, when
all other legitimate sources of revenue fail, cheer-
fully pay a direct tax to prosecute this war with
energy to an honorable peace? He hoped no one
doubted for a moment the will or the ability of the
country to furnish promptly snd cheerfully the
means to carry on the war. And to say that if
land warrants were issued to our soldiers, that
they would fall into the hands of the speculator,
and then they would ' dry up the land revenue, and
prevent our getting a loan,' was certainly show-
ing that our credit hung upon a frail thread. He
did not believe any such doctrine. If the raising
of money to carry on thewardepended upon raising
two or three millions of dollars from the sales of
the public land3, our credit was at a low ebb, and
the sooner we ceased making appropriations the
better for us. He believed the credit of the nation
rested upon the honesty, energy, and ability of her
citizens, who have always been found equal to any
exigency. And if one hundred millions of dollars
should be necessary to prosecute this war to an
honorable peace, he had full faith that it could be
raised, and that the interestcould be paid."
Mr. S FEPHENS renewed his question of order,
insisting that this amendment was not germane to
the bill.
The CHATR overruled the objection.
Mr. STEPHENS took an appeal.
The amendment was again read, and the Chair,
being now able to hear it more distinctly, ruled it
not to be in order.
Mr. SMITH then offered a second amendment
to the amendment, to which Mr. STEPHENS
made the same objection; it changed the whole
land system of the country.
The CHAIR ruled it not to be in order.
Mr. SMITH appealed; but the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr-. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, again pro-
posed his substitute, as above.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, objected to it as out
of order.
And the CHAIR so ruled.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following
amendment to Mr. Johnson's amendment:
Sfc —• Jlnd he it further cnaeicd, That the provisions
and limitations of the ninth section of the act of Febrnmy
11, 18*17, lie, and the same are hereby, so extended, that the
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, of the
regulars, militia, volunteer*, and ranqers, who served in the
Indian war of 1790, and who served in the war of 1812
twelve months or more, shall receive a bounty of one hun-
dred and sivty aerea each; and all of said'soldieis who
served mx months or more shall receive a bounty of eighty
acres of land each; provided that bounties shall not be
granted to those who have already received bounties.
The CHAIR ruled this amendment out of order.
The question now recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, it was rejected.
The question being then on the original bill, as
inserted in the beginning of these proceedings,
(with an amendment, consisting of the last pro-
47
viso, formerly offered by Mr. Richardson,) it
was agreed to.
And the committee thereupon rose,and reported
the bill to the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, offered the
substitute he had proposed in committee.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
under the operation of which the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Thompson was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read a third time, and
Mr. STEPHENS moved a reconsideration of
the vote on the passage of the bill.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 8, 1848.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
citizens of Philadelphia, praying the adoption of
measures for the settlement and protection of the
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New York, in favor of
the payment of claims for French spoliations prior
to 1800; which were read.
Mr. D. said, that during the second session that
he had the honor of occupying a seat in the Senate,
this subject had been presented here for consider-
ation, and he was appointed a member of the select 1
committee to which it was referred. A majority ;
of that committee was in favor of the claims, and ;
a bill was accordingly reported. With the Sen- j
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] he had '
dissented from that report, and it became his duty j
to explain the grounds of his dissent. Although ]
he considered the case of thes£ claimants one of i
peculiar hardship, he did not think the burden
of payment ought to be imposed on the treasury.
His opinion on the subject had not been changed
by subsequent reflection. The resolutions which
he had now presented were not in the shape of
instructions. Had they been in that form, he
would have cheerfully obeyed them. But they
simply requested the Senators from New York to
support these claims. And he would only add,
that whenever the subject came up for discussion
he would give that request the respectful consider-
ation which was due to the high source whence it
proceeded.
The joint resolutions were ordered to be printed. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe- !
titionfrom citizensof New York, praying Congress i
to purchase Mount Vernon; which was referred to 1
the Committee on Military Affairs. !
Mr. UPHAM presented resolutions from the !
Legislature of the State of Vermont, in favor of Asa i
Whitney's- plan of a railroad from Lake Michigan '
to the Pacific; which were read and ordered to be '
printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
citizens of New York, praying Congress to estab-
lish a post route from New York to Philadelphia;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post !
Office and Post Roads. ;
Mr. GREENE piesented the petition of Nancy |
Jillson, prayjng for a pension; which was referred !
to the Committee on Pensions. j
Mr. BENTOiN presented a petition from citi- •
zens of Oregon, asking the immediate extension of !
the laws of the United States over that Territory, !
and donations of land to settlers therein; which !
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS. |
On motion by Mr. YULEE, j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire I
into the expediency and be«st mode of extending the circuit '
court system to the States of Texas, Florida, Iowa, and '
Wisconsin. j
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, i
Rewlvat, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post :
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediem-v of estab- j
Inhmg a post-route at Bougeries, in the parish of St. James, I i
State of Louisiana, on the west bank of the Mississi ppi river, i i
to be called St. Jame«, Mi
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Libiary he instruct-
ed to inquire whether the ptovision* of law requiring of pub-
lishers who take out a copy-right to place the work in the
Library ofCongre&s needs amendment.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be, and
the.v are hereby, inducted to examine into the propriety
and necessity of establishing a professorship ofinternational
law in the naval school of Annapolis.
ResoheiL That the '•aim; committee be, and they are
hereby, instructed to inquire into the propiicty and neces-
sity of removing the restrictions imposed by the act of 1st
August, J842, bC which the number of midshipmen in the
navy is limited to 45J, so far to authorize the increase of
the number to 460; and also of allowing, at all times here-
after, each State and Teiritoryto have two midshipmen
for each representative in Congress to which it may be en-
titled.
Resolved, That the said committee be, and they are here-
by, instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing
1 by law the appo. fitment of one midshipman out of eight in
j te>i at large, irrespective of actual residence, and that they
j report upon each of the above-named subjects by bill or
I otherwise.
j REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
| Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
i Lands, reported a bill to grant a right of way
! through the public lands in the State of Indiana,
i for certain purposes: which was read a first time,
j! Mr. BREESE, from the same committee, re-
j! ported the following House bills, without amend-
, ment: An act for "the relief of those preemption
claimants on the Miami landsjn Indiana, who, by
their services in the Mexican war, are entitled to
bounty iand; an act to authorize the citizens of
; Ozark county, Missouri, to enter less than a quar-
; ter section of land for the seat of justice in said
- county; and an act relating to military land war-
' rants.
; Mr. BREESE moved the discharge of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of the Legislature of Ala-
bama, in relation to the assent of Congress to an
act leasing the canal round the Muscle Shoals; and
that it be referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. 'HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a bill for the relief of
the personal representatives of William A. Sla-
| cum; which was read a first time.
] Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
I Judiciary, made an adverse report on the memorial
j of Sarah Ten Eyck, on the ground that the com-
mittee, at this and former sessions, had declared
' " that verdicts and certificates of juries finding bal-
; ances in favor of defendants, when sued by the
United States, cannot be leceived as evidence."
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
; Office and Post Roads, reported, without amend-
• ment, a joint tesolution from the House for the
j relief of George R. Smith.
1 Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Patents,
| moved that the committee be discharged from the
I further consideration of the petition of Oliver
j Evans, and that it be referred to the Committee on
< Commerce.
| Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
' diciary, reported a bill in relation to the terms of
: the circuit and district courts of the United States
: for the district of New Jersey, which was read a
| first time.
i Mr. DAYTON, from fhe Committee on the
i Judiciary, reported, without amendment, the bill
: authorizing the district judge of the State of Ten-
nessee to hold a special term.
Mr. D. moved that this bill be now considered.
The motion being agreed to, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and was then read
a third time nnd passed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the bill respecting the public
archives in the State of Florida, with an additional
section.
Mr. W. moved that this bill be now considered;
which motion feeing agreed to, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, the amendment
of the committee was agreed to, and the bill was
then read a third time and passed.
Mr. DAYTON, on leave, introduced a bill for
