740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr HAMMONS said that he had looked at the j
resolution, and he understood that the provision |
gT bourK}' land was expressed in rather vague
terms; *md he was not quite sure whether it did ]
o-;ve these volunteers any land or not. But if it
gave them none, why was this clause placed in the
resolution at all? As long as it stood there, it might
possibly be so construed as to give these troops,
who had served hut ten, fifteen, or at the longest
forty-five days, 160,000 acres of land-, which, at
$3 25 the acre, would be equal to §200,000. Be-
lieving that the clause ought not stand there, he
moved to strike it out of the resolution. He did
not see why men who had served but a few days
should get a quantity of the public land worth
$200,000 for being willing to perform service which
they in fact never did perform.
Mr. BURT read the clause proposed to be
stricken out. This only gave these men the land
they would have been entitled to receive if they
had' enlisted under a legal requisition ; whether
they would get any depended entirely on the con-
struction that should be given to the act providing
bounties for the troops^who served in the Mexi-
can war. And would any gentleman deny to these
patriotic men the land bounty to which they would
have^een legally entitled ? On what ground could
such a refusal be justified? It was said they had
done no service in the Held; that was not their fault.
They equipped themselves for service, and set out
to perform it.
Again, it was urged that they had served for j
only a short period; that was true; but did gentle- j
men forget that the regiment to which they were i
attached embraced many who were in the regiment
of Colonal Hays—that chivalrous and celebrated
commander, who had performed such brilliant ser-
vice in the battles on the Rio Grande ? A more
gallant body of men never fought for our national
banner. Who had not heard of Hays's mounted
men ? They were ever ready to fly to the rescue.
These Texas volunteers had done all they could
do; they had equipped themselves for service at
their own expense, and provided themselves with
the best horses m Texas. They weie the citizens
of the soil they had been so prompt to defend,
and if the law would have given them their land,
there were no troops who better desei ved it. That
point, however, the resolution did not undertake
to decide.
Mr. HAMMONS said the explanation just
given by the gentleman from South Carolina did
not relieve his mind in the least degree; on the
contrary, it rather increased his difficulties. lie
was now perfectly satisfied that the resolution
would grant the land absolutely, and he was as-
sured that all who read it carefully must come to
the same conclusion, if this was not its effect,
why was the clause inserted, and why were gen-
tlemen p«o anxious to retain it? It meant something
or it meant nothing : if it meant nothing, why not !
strike it out? If it meant something, let them un- :
deistand what thai something was. The gentle-
man from South Carolina asked if any gentleman
here would .stand up and say that these men should
not get the same nmount of land with other troops
if the law woulu give it them? He, for one, would
make a distinction between men who had served
a few days and never seen an enemy, and men
who had served in all the great battles m Mexico.
He would not give these men the same reward.
There was no reason a body of men who had done
no more than they did should get $200,000 worth
of the public domain. The gentleman said that
some of these troops belonged to Hays's mounted
regiment: if so, then they were under different
officers as such, and would get their land under
other acts of Congress, and so there could be no
need to provide for them in this resolution.
He would not be understood to maintain, that
because Colonel Curtis had no legal authority to
c,a!I them out, therefore they should not receive a
fVI remun<=]<!?ion : he was willing to allow them
ail the rf solution contained but this provision of
bounty la.iJ. And he insisted on his motion that
that clause be stricken out.
Mr. PILLSri(If?Y hoped the motion would not
prevail. Tnere seemed to be an impression that
these Texas -volunteers were going to make a large
amount of moncv out of the Government. "Why,
did not gentlemen know that no man in Texas
could eqirp himself for the public service as these
men had done, for double the amount of all they
would receive? It was only justice to put these
troops on the same footing with others who had ;
volunteered to serve the country. The resolution ;
pronounced no judgment whether these men, if ,
legally called out,'would have been entitled to j
bounty land; it only cuud the illegality of the, j
requisition under which they were mustered into |
service, and put them where they would have j
stood had the requisition been covered by law. ;
They could form no judgment whether the call ad- j
dressed to them was strictly legal or not. They ;
rushed to obey the call of the Executive of their t
State; they never thought about legal quibbles in ;
the matter; such a thing never once entered into !j
their hearts; they consulted only the impulses of j!
patriotism. The consideration of these few dirty ij
acres never came into their minds. Let gentlemen \[
only consider what would have been the condition ;j
of our whole frontier if General Taylor had been Jj
defeated. The whole country would have been ij
swept by those semi-barbarians. They met this :j
danger, and were ready to do their utmost to avert
it. Was it because they did not run to a lawyer
to be informed whether the requisition made by
Curtis was in strict conformity with law, that they
were to be deprived of their land? There was
not a Texas soldier in the field who did not ex-
pend mores than he received. Some of them had
fought the Mexicans before for ten years, and re-
ceived their pay in money not worth more than
twenty cents in the dollar. He could not believe j
that the House would refuse to reward such men [
as it did others. '
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he agreed in j
the general principle of the resolution, but differed I
from the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. j
Burt] in one point. i
Mr. HAMMONS interposed to say that he was !
willing to modify his motion; and instead of stri- i
king out the land bounty clause, to add a proviso :
that they would have been entitled to it had the
requisition under which they enlisted been legal.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he differed
with the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
T3frt] upon one point which would probably have
an important bearing upon the bill now before the
House. He understood from the gentleman that
it was the intention of the Military Committee not ■
to express any opinion on the subject of thehoun- |
ty lands which might or might not be given to this
legirnent called out by Co'onel Curtis. His (Mr. '
H.'s) opinion was, that this law should make an
explicit declaration on this subject, or, in other .
words, that Congress itself should determine ■
whether these men were entitled to bounty lands
or not. They had the facts before them: they ,
were the law-making power, and certainly it was ,
their duty to declare whether the law should be j
extended, by construction or otherwise, so as to j
apply to these men. His own opinion was, that
if these Texas volunteers were entitled under this
law to their bounty lands, it would be doing injus-
tice to a kirge number of troops which had been
called out m several of the States for*this same
war, and who were not mustered into service at
all, or who were mustered into service and dis-
charged immediately. Ft was known to his col-
leagues and to the House generally, that a large
number of troops had enlisted under the call of
Major General Gaines, some of whom got to Mex-
ico; Colonel Desha's regiment was the first to leave
New Orleans and to an ive at the Rio Grande; they
got their bounty lands. But then there was a num-
ber of troops from sectionsa little moreremote, who
were musteied into service and weie mustered our
immediately; otheis who enlisted and were not
mustered into service bccausc the order rescinding
the call of General Gaines reached there previously,
and thpy had to go home, receiving no bounty
lands as a matter of course. He asked, then, the
gentleman from Texas, and the gentleman from
South Carolina, to show him the distinction be-
tween those volunteers and the Texas volunteers.
Precisely the same state of things existed also in
Ohio. Thousands and thousands of troops, who
enlisted as volunteers, marched hundreds of miles
to the place of rendezvous, and were not there re-
ceived, because the quota of the State ^vas made up.
The only difference between these volunteers
from Texas and frorp the other States was, that
the one"were mustered into service and discharged
seeing no service, and the others were not mus-
tered into service, but had seen as much and done,
as much as those who were. He had no point to
make on the illegality of the call of Colonel Curtis:
the troops should not be made to answer for his
want of authority, as they went there in good
faith for the defence of their country, if that vva 
the only objection, he should go for the hill. As
to the fighting of these troops for the last ten years,
as was urged by the gentleman from Texas, he
considered that had nothing to do with the case.
If they had fought there for the last ten years,
they had fought", not for the .interest or benefit of
the United States, but on iheir own hook, or the
hook of Texas.
Mr. PILLSBURY said that they had been fight-
ing for the United States; they had got nothing
but annexation, and had given up their whole
country for nothing.
Mr. HOUSTON replied that the gentleman from
Texas certainly brought in a very singular claim—
one which he believed could not be sustained by
the gentleman's colleague. If his object was to
make the United States pay for all the fighting that
Texas had done for the last ten years, there should
at least be brought in a separate bill. The gentler-
mart said they had got nothing by annexation-.
He (Mr. H.) was rsot now saying what Texas
had got, or what the United States had got; but it
was sufficient answer to the gentleman, that they
were willing to come in.
Mr. McKAY called attention to another portion
of the resolution, which provided for paying these
men from the time thpy were called out until they
were mustered out of the service; and further, in
regard to two companies, commanded by Captains
Smith and Hill, who refased to be mustered out
of service, who were to be paid up to the period
that they thought proper to disband themselves,
j He asked whether the'House would sanction the
j principle, when the militia were called into service,
whether by competent or incompetent authority,
that they should be allowed to continue in service
as long as they pleased, and the Government be
under obligation to pay them?
Mr. BURT (with Mr. McKay's permission)
stated that he thought the resolution was not cor-
rertly understood by the gentleman from North
Carolina. He (Mr. £.) stated to the House, from
j official papers befoie him and before the Committee
I on Military Affairs, that this regiment was called
: into service for six months by Colonel Curtis.
| The resolution provided that their pay should
| commence from the time they were mustered into
' service. He did not understand the gentleman
! fiom Noith Carolina to object to that.
! He related the circumstances under which the
I companies of Captains Smith and Hill refused to
I be mustered out of the service, and said the reso-
: lution simply provided that their pay should stop
! when they refused to be mustered out of service,
! or were disbanded. Whenever they refused, their
pay stopped; and whenever they were disbanded,
it stopped, as a matter of course.
Mr. McKAY accepted the explanation of the
gentleman, although he confessed he was not en-
tirely satisfied with it. But he thought the House
would hesitate long to adopt the resolution, unless
that part was stricken out which declared that
' i these volunteers were entitled to their bounty lands.
'! He read this portion, which provides that they
: | shall be entitled to bounty lands, the same as they
| would have been had they been called into sen ice
j; by the competent authorities. It was true, the
gentleman said this resolution expressed no opin-
ion; but it seemed to him (Mr. McK.) that it
! should be stricken out. If gentlemen examined
j the act of 11th February last, they would see that
,! this description of troops were not entitled to bounty
| lands at all. That act only gave bounty lands to
; those volunteers called out for t\velve months, and
,! who subsequently marched to the seat of war. A
! provision, it is true, was made for those called out
, by requisition of General Games for less than
twelve months, but this provision was wholly re-
trospective. He read both provisions in support
. of his view of the case.
Now, there were two difficulties in the way of ,
i. this regiment getting their bounty lands: first, they
ij did not march to the seat of war; they were dis-
, charged before they reached the Rio Grande; and,
l! second, they were called out after the passage of
' this resolution, and not for twelve months. He
hoped that part of the resolution relative to bounty
! lands would be strickcn out.
'I Mr. SMITH, of Indiana,obtained the floor,and
i i yielded to
II Mr. BURT, who proposed to offer an amend*
