1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
ment to strike out and insert, so as to read, " and
* the said regiment are hereby declared to be enti-
■*-tled to bounty lands: Provided, 'They would have
* been emitted to bounty lands if they had been
* called into service under requisition by competent
'.authority, and no-t otherwise,"
The amendment was not received at this time.
Mr. SMITH said he did not rise for the pur-
pose of making a speech. Hq had no objection to
those volunteers wtio were called out in Texas be-
ing paid; but his object was, to call the attention of
the House to the fact, that the bill for the admis-
sion of Wisconsin had been made the special order
of this flay, and he thought, a&an act of justice to
Wisconsin, it should be taken-up. He was will-
ing, however, that this subject should be disposed
of, and as this House was sufficieptly enlightened,
for the purpose of testing the question, he moved
the previous question.
Some conversation arose on a point of order be-
tween Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, and Mr. KAUF-
MAN. |
Mr. HAMMONS modified his amendment, so j
os to embrace Mr. McKay's desiied proposition,
by striking out all that part of the resolution rela-
ting to bounty lands.
Mr. BURT urged that his amendment should be
received as an amendment to the amendment of
Mr. Hammons.
After some conversation between Mr. BURT
and the SPEAKER—
The SPEAKER decided that the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina could not be
received, not being i-n its nature an amendment to
the amendment, but to the original biU,
The demand for the previous question was then \
seconded; Ayes 83, noes not counted. |
And the main question was ordered, being first j
on the amendment of Mr. Hammons. i
The question being taken, the amendment was [i
agreed to; and the resolution was ordered to be j,
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. KAUFMAN (the bill having been en-
grossed) moved to reconsider the vote, in order
that he might offer an 'amendment giving to this
Texas regiment bounty land.
The SPEAKER decided, that as the engross-
ment had been already once reconsidered, the mo-
tion could not again be made.
Mr. KAUFMAN contended, that as the hill had
been materially altered since the last reconsidera-
tion, by making a general provision m regard to
horses lost -in the service, a motion to reconsider
should now be entertained.
The SPEAKER adhered to his decision.
Mr. KAUFMAN then asked whether a motion
to recommit the bill would not be in order, so that
the amendment indicated might be made through
the instrumentality of the committee?
The SPEAKER decided that a motion to re-
commit would be in order, but without instructions
to the committee.
Mr. KAUFMAN then moved to recommit the
biH to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ad-
dressed the House in support of his motion, and
of the claims of this regiment of Texas volunteers
to bounty land. He expressed his regret that the
previous question had cut him oif from addressing
the House prior to taking the vote on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay.] This bill had gone through many dan-
gers. On a former day, it passed to its third read-
ing; was this day reconsidered, an amendment
offered and carried with hiss (Mr. K.'s) consent,
providing for compensation for all horses lost
since the commencement of the present war with
Mexico; but in its progress again to its third
reading, an important part of the bill had been
lopped off—that part of jt which relates to bounty
land. The bill only provided that these men
should be entitled to the bounty land they would
have been entitled to if the call of Colonel Curtis
had been legal. Was there anything unjust in
this provision'1 Should the promptitude and pa-
triotism with which these gallant men rushed to
the post of danger and of honor, regardless of
petty forms and technicalities, be set down to their i
disadvantage? Sir, there is a call which is above ail i
law, and which every true republican who loves his I
country and her institutions will respond to; and '
that is, to fly to the succor of his country and her
flag; when they are in danger. This is the call
which the Texans hadt and to which they prompt-
ly responded, and to which I trust they may ever
respond, however their.uncalculating and self-sac-
rificing patriotism may be rewarded.
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hammons,]
in order to frighten the House "from its pro-
priety," had made a calculation of the enormous
amount that would be drawn from the treasury by
the bounty provision—fixing it at two hundred
thousand dollars. Mr. K. did not care what the
amount was, if others, who went out under legal
calls, were entitled to the same amount. But the
gentleman was mistaken in his calculation. He
put down the amount of bounty land to which
each soldier, under this provision, would be en-
titled, as one hundred and sixty acres; whereas
the highest they could possibly receive, under the
law of February 11, 1847, was forty acres, (one-
fourth of the amount embraced injhis calculation;)
and he estimated the men in this regiment at one
thousand, when their numbers (those that would be
entitled toland)wereon!y eighthundredand twenty-
five. Besides this, the United States having no land
in Texas, the soldiers of that State generally pre-
ferred to take their bounty in money scrip—twenty-
five dollars in scrip being the amount allowed for
the forty acres of land by the act of 1847. So
that, after all, twenty-five dollars in United States
paper was the only additional amount in the shape
of bounty proposed to be allowed these mei)—and
that, provided they would have been allowed it in
case the call had been legal.
But, say gentlemen, these men were out too
short a time to be allowed bounty. The very
reason given for denying them bounty (Mr. K.
said) was, to his mind, the strongest reason why
it should be allowed to them. And why? Be-
cause, if they had been retained the whole six
months for which they had been called, their pay
(some twenty-five dollars per month) would have
been some sort of a partial compensation for their
trouble and expense; hut by their being so sud-
denly discharged, they have not to this day received
a single cent, and, after this bill is finally enacted :
into a law, will only receive pay for the time !
actually in the service. And yet the whole sum- :
mer was comparatively lost to these men. The
people of Texas are generally farmers; and the
men who composed this regiment were principally
of that class. Some of them have farms of their
own; and others, poor but industrious and useful
young men, made crops on the shares. Now, sir,
at what time did these men leave their homes? In
the spring of the year, when to leave was to sacri-
fice all hopes of making any crop for that year.
Many of them had to travel four and five hundred
miles to the place of rendezvous; and some of
them, on account of the United States failing to
supply forage, having lost their horses, and being
too poor to buy others, had to make their way
back as best they could. Some were compelled to
return on foot. When to this is added, that to
this day they have never received a single cent for
servicesactually performed—and which they would
have long since received, and for six months, if
their call had been legal,—I hope there are few ■
members of this House who will still consider the ;
twenty-five dollars bounty scrip as unjust to this I
Government, or more than fust to these valuable
citizen soldiers.
Mr. K. said, that in order to put the claims of
this regiment upon a proper footing before the
House and the country, he proposed to refer briefly
to the circumstances connected with the call of
Colonel Curtis, to which these men responded. It
will (said Mr. K.) be recollected, that at no time
during the existence of the present war, did so i
dark a cloud lower on our horizon as in February '
and March, 1847. Santa Anna was reported to j
be descending upon General Taylor with a force i
calculated to beat down all opposition. Nothing i
could be heard from General Taylor for a lon^ ;
time. At last, news arrived of the most painful :
and unsatisfactory character. What was this first j
intelligence? it was, that a battle or battles had ■
been fought between General Taylor and Santa |
Anna, in which two thousand of our army, and <
four or five thousand of the Mexicans had been 1
killed or wounded; that General Taylor was fall-  
ing hack on Monterey; that in the "mean time a :
formidable division of Mexicans under General i!
Urea was advancing upon Camargo; thatanurn- !
ber of wagons on their route from Camargo to
Monterey had been taken by the Mexicans, their
teamsters all murdered, and that all communication
with Monterey was cat off.
Dr. Jarvis, in his statement, says: " From
< what source General Taylor is to expect relief, it
* is impossible to say. Every soldier, and, in fact,
' double or thrice the numbers that now constitute
' the garrisons at the different depots, are actually
4 necessary for their defence, and not one can be
4 spared. Information can hardly reach General
* Scott in time for him to march a division to his
1 relief.'1
It was further said, that "the Black Fort at
4 Monterey might be made impregnable, and with
* the small force under his command,General Tay-
(lor could hold it against any forcc the Mexicans
' might bring against it."
One of the periodicals of the day, dnted March
27, 1847, expressed itself in this maimer: " What
a week of intense anxiety," alluding to the condi-
tion of affairs west of the Rio Grande, " to this
4 whole country! How many throbbing hearts, at
4 the moment we put this paper to press, are aching
4 with suspense, and yet dreading to hear the in-
telligence that is expected every hour!" Then
; .came the proclamation of Colonel Curtis, of the
Ohio volunteers, commanding at Camargo, making
a requisition on the President of the United States
for fifty thousand volunteeis, a number equal in
amount to those originally authorized by the act
; of May 13th, 1846, for carrying on the war with
1 Mexico. Mr. K. requested the Clerk to read the
j call of Colonel Curtis; which was done as fol-
| lows:
: HEA.DQUARTF.ns, Camargo, March % 1847.
; Sir: I send an officer to headquarters at Waabinston,
• making a requisition on the President of the United .Slates
[ fot fifty thousand rfix-nionthb' volunteeiti. All 0>;misuiiiea-
; tion, for Rivera! d.iv--, has been cut off b-'tween tLis pja.ee
^ and the army above, and I see no adequate relief thi* side
of Wvv Oile.uss. i ieque-t jou. there/or", O call out ten
tiiousmd men of fliis eharacter of hoop--, r«nd 1 anticipate
, tltev \\iji be recognized under {he caii of the Prftident.
A« f<>?t as anv considerable force ran he accumulated, let
tli'ijn ho forwarded to Brazos Santiago. All tioop^, as far
as practicable, should be artnrd hUoie leaving the United
Stales, and the officers commanding companies pjiould take
in c'mrge ammunition enough to distribute in case of emer-
gency—forty lounds at least.
Verv respectfuilv. vour obedient servant,
SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Col. Comm'dg*
| To the Governor of Lotjisia?;a.
j Simultaneously with the above requisition, a call
; was made by Colonel Curtis upon the State of
j Texas for two thousand mounted riflemen, which
i reached Austin, the seat of government, in the early
part of March, 1847. In reply to which,a procla-
mation immediately issued, on the part of the State
of Texas, calling upon the citizens to organize them-
selves into companies, and lendezvous at San An-
tonio, to the full amount of the number required,
j And, in conjunction with this proclamation, Cap-
; tain Howe, or' (he regular army, thui the comman-
dant at San Antonio, issued an orderseco.idin.; the
i call upon the citizens of the State, and aunounrug
1 that subsistence and forage would l;e issued to tLc-ni
! m companies or squads immediately on their ar-
riving ond reporting to Jum at that point.
Under these several ordeis, the forming of com-
panies was commenced with rapidity in every part
of the State, and as the news of the battle of £uena
Vista reached them, more than two thousand men
were either on their way or nearly reudv to mart*
to the rendezvous. This news, vague and unce;-
tain as it was, induced some to turn back, ami
others who had not yet staited, to suspend the
: further organization of their companies." Those
who were nearer, marched on to the rendezvous,
where others had already arrived. Tuese compa-
nies continued to reach San Antonio at different
periods during the months of iVUrch and April,
according to the distances they had to march, some
of them "having marched as much as bundled
miles. J)uring the month of March, the comman-
dant at ban Antonio, in doubt what course to pur-
sue, despatched an express to General Taylor, in-
forming him of the troops he was receiving and
had commenced mustering into service under'Colo-
nel Curtis's call, and asking instructions. The
proper time elapsing, and no return coming from
the express, it was believed to have been cut o(F
by the enemy. News came from Camargo that
all communication was cut off between General
Taylor and the Rio Grande. Several expresses
weie sent, and no answers received. Individuals
came in at different periods during Morch a,id
April, all of whom reported that the arrival of these
troops was anxiously expected every day at t'.o
Rio Grande. Thus, under the best information
that could be procured, about the last of April,
