1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
748
showing they would prefer a boundary further
north, had expressed their willingness to abide by
the line laid down by Congress, and it was now
too late for Congress to go back from its own
proposition on grounds of mere expediency.
There was great force in what had been said by
the delegate from Wisconsin; Congress was in the
hands of the people of Wisconsin, not Wisconsin
in the hands of Congress. The ordinance of 1787
provided that as soon as there was a population of
. 60,000 souls in any one of the Territories erected
northwest of the Ohio, it had the right to erect it-
self into a State, and to come, on equal terms with
other States, into the Union; and Congress had no
power to exclude it. The right was irrepealable
except by the consent of Wisconsin itself.
When that ordinance was passed, nobody knew
the country, or had any idea how very large a
State would yet remain to be formed. When
Michigan was admitted, the matter was better un-
derstood; and Congress, to prevent Wisconsin from
forming too enormous a State, had extended Michi-
gan to both sides of the lake. Nothing could pos-
sibly be more inconvenient; but it was done on the
principle of equalizing the States to be formed.
When the country was better known, it was dis-
covered that the western side of^Wisconsin would
be some eleven hundred miles in length. Congress
thereupon proposed to her to divide that distance,
and take limits not so extended, and Wisconsin
had consented. But should Congress refuse to
stand by the boundary it proposed to her, she
could come in entire, on her own right under the
ordinance of '87, and Congress could not hinder
her. She might do so this very session, if the
session lasted long enough, and she would then be
an empire State half as large as Prance. It would
be better to take her at her word, and stand to the
limits we had ourselves proposed.
Mr. WILSON now made a speech, which
showed him intimately acquainted with the geog-
raphy and local interests of every part of the Ter-
ritory, but of which, without too much local refer-
ence, we can only present an outline.
The committee were aware of the terms under
which the United States held the Northwestern
Territory by the grant of Virginia, and also the
terms of the ordinance of '87; but the provision in
that ordinance as to a line drawn due east and west
from the southern extremity of Lake Michigan
had been disregarded. The northern line of Ohio
had been run nearly in conformity with that line,
but Indiana had gone above it, and Illinois had
extended her territory still further north of it, so
as to leave a belt between that line and her north-
ern boundary of sixty" miles in width. As this
had been agieed to both by the inhabitants and
by Congress, he admitted it to be all right and
proper. There had been difficulties between the
States as to their boundary lines, but these had all
been finally compromised.
After stating the three lines which had been pro-
posed as the northwestern boundary of Wiscon-
sin, he gave it as his judgment that that which had
been assented to by the last convention of the peo-
ple was, upon the whole, the beet. He preferred
that either this should be adopted, or the line de-
scribed by the delegate, [Mr.TwErnir. J There was
but little difference between the two; either of them
would secure all that was valuable to the new
Slate. He described the local differences between
different portions of the Territory in point of fer-
tility, which was greatest along the immediate
borders of the streams. He dwelt on the excel-
lence of the country and of the Mississippi, and
its capacity to maintain a dense population, and
spoke of the necessity of preserving the Ojibbeway
and Ottawa Indians on the headwaters of the Mis-
sissippi.
The line to which the convention had assented
would avoid separating the people who inhabited
the valley of the St. Croix river.
Mr. SMITH,-of Illinois, inquired whether the
delegate from that district in the convention had
not protested against that line?
Mr. WILSON admitted that he had, but ex-
plained the reasons which had probably operated
at the moment, and insisted that the general and
permanent advantage of the future State was to be
looked to, and not local and temporary prejudices
and interests.
Mr. McLANE spoke with much interest on the
bill, warmly opposed the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Smith,] and
advocated the boundary which was declared to be
preferred by the people of Wisconsin in their late
convention. He went^into a history of both con-
ventions, the rejection of the first boundary and
constitution, and the adoption of the second.. The
people obviously preferred the most northerly and
westerly line, by Rum river, though, from the fear
of still further delay, they had been afraid to insert
it in their act. He contended for keeping the val-
ley of the St. Croix as an entirety, and taking in
the west bank of that river.
Mr. VINTON wished to know whether the gen-
tleman's line west of the St. Croix would not in-
clude all the people there now ?
Mr. McLANE replying in the affirmative—
Mr. VINTON said that there would then be no
nucleus of population for the territory of Mineso-
ta. There was already a court-house on the west
bank.
Mr. TWEEDY said the great mass of the peo-
ple of Wisconsin would prefer a boundary line
north of the St. Croix.
Mr. McLANE resumed, and went into a recital
of the reasons which had influenced Congress in
fixing the present boundary of Michigan, though
it was allowed at the time it would be doing great
injustice to the future population of Wisconsin.
The fear had been that Wisconsin would form too
large a State.
The St. Croix was the best river in the territory,
and the only one which watered a fertile country:
those which ran north into Lake Superior passed
through a region comparatively sterile.
He observed that the whole legislation of Con-
gress in relation to the Territories rested on a very
doubtful foundation. This had been admitted by
the best jurists. And he held that Congress ought
to be very careful how they trenched upon the
right of a people to make their own laws. While
gentlemen on the one hand held up the ordinance
of 1787 as the ground of the right of Congress to
make laws for the people of the Territories and to
tax them, it was now, on the*other band, proposed
to violate that ordinance in fixing the boundary'of
one of them rather than allow-Wisconsin to have
the entire St. Croix valley.
Mr. SAWYER briefly advocated the boundary
as proposed by Congress and assented to by the
people of Wisconsin in convention. The Delegate
from Wisconsin himself was willing to take this
line.
Mr. TWEEDY said he preferred the northern
line as the best, but would take this as the second
best.
Mr. SAWYER said, if so, he thought the true
policy would be to take the middle line, and not to
throw back this question once more. This would
leave more territory for Minesota at the south, the
northern and western portions of it being in a great
degree unfit for habitation.
Mr. McLANE reminded Mr. Sawyer that the
convention had themselves stated that they would
j prefer the northern line.
! Mr. SAWYER. Yes, because it would give
them a little more territory, and, if they could get
this for asking, no doubt they would take it; but
they were willing to take the middle line, and for
that he should vote-
Mr. GAYLE, without stating which of the lines
he should himself prefer, was opposed to any
amendment being now made to the constitution
Wisconsin had accepted. He drew a parallel be-
tween the case of the admission of Wisconsin and
the admission of Texas. Texas had demanded
the recognition of the Rio Grande as her south-
western boundary, and Congress rejected her on
that ground. Texas had then agreed to leave this
question open for negotiation, and Congress had
then received her. Congress had not violated her
faith with Texas: why should she with Wisconsin?
Was there any difference, in point of obligation
and national faith, between a joint resolution and
a treaty? Were they not equally sacred? We
had prescribed the conditions on which we would
receive Wisconsin; she had accepted them; and
now ought.we to insist on others? It would be a
violation of good faith. The act had been for the
admission of "the State of Wisconsin," not the
Territory of Wisconsin; Congress had, therefore,
recognized her as a sovereign, independent State,
before her admission. Now, the Constitution did
not compel Congress to admit new States, nor new
States to come into the Union; and Wisconsin
might remain without, throw herself on her rights,
and set up an independent empire. It was not to
be expected that two hundred thousand people
would long be kept in territorial bondage. She
had a right to repudiate the United States Govern-
ment, refuse to De taxed by it, and erect herself
into an independent Power. He threw these
thoughts out for consideration.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, said, it wps with re-
luctance that he made any remarks upon the bill
under consideration. He had not given the sub-
ject that investigation its importance demanded,
and felt himself unable to do justice to the ques-
tion. He had seen and conversed with a number
of very intelligent young men, who had lived for a
number of years in the vicinity of the falls of St.
Croix, and'he knew the aversion they had to be-
ing included within the State of Wisconsin. The
boundary proposed by his friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Smith, of In-
diana,] divided the settlement upon the St. Croix
river, and compelled those living on the east side of
the river to travel some four or five hundred miles to
reach the'capital of Wisconsin, and forced them into
a State and community where they had no interests
or feelings in common with those among whom
they were thrown. They consider it unjust to dis-
regard their interests and wishes, and they never
will make good citizens of Wisconsin. Mr. S. said
he had listened with attention to the remarks of the
honorable gentlemen who were in favor of tlje St.
Croix river as the boundary, and to those in favor
of the extreme northern line being that of Rum river;
but they had failed to convince him that either of
those lines were correct or judicious. He admitted
the position taken by the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] that Wisconsin had the right
to demand admission into the Union under the
ordinance of 1787, and come in as a whole, in the
event of their not accepting such line as Congress
might propose, and, for himself, he would prefer
including the whole territory within the State, and
providing that they might hereafter divide it into
two States, rather than consent to an unjust and
unequal division. Wisconsin Territory contains,
by commutation, 90,000 square miles, and would
make two States larger than the great State of
Ohio. He was informed that, by a calculation
made by Mr. Wilson, the able and efficient clerk
in the General Land Office having charge of the
surveys in that region, that the'State of Wiscon-
sin, by the line he had proposed, would contain,
nearly 47,000 square miles. This calculation, it
was not to be presumed, could be precisely accu-
rate, but there could be no question that it would
be as large as the State of Ohio.
Mr. S. said he would call the attention of the
committee to the statement of the honorable dele-
gate from Wisconsin, [Mr. Tivecdy,] who admit-
ted, that as a delegate in the convention, he would
have advocated the southern line—the one he (Mr.
S.) had proposed—still, as a delegate on this floor,
he advocated the northern line. He admired the
devotion of the gentleman from Wisconsin to the
wiil of his constituents, as expressed by the con-
stitutional convention of Wisconsin. lie was car-
rying out the doctrine of instructions, which was
the correct course for him to pursue. But Mr. S.
would call upon the committee to remember, that the
judgment of the gentleman wns on the side of the
southern line, although he denies here our right
to interfere at all with the boundary. Congress
certainly has the right to stipulate as to boundary,
or to compel Wisconsin to come in as a whole;
and he had no doubt but that they would accept
an equitable division rather than be forced into a
State of such unwieldy dimensions. Great stress
was laid upon the action of the constitutional con-
vention which fixed the boundary. Gentlemen
should recollect that the settlers in the valley of
' the St. Croix had little voice in that convention.
The more densely populated southwestern portion
of the Territory had entire control in that body,
and could fix any line they pleased. The delegate
from the St. Croix legion, (Mr. Brownell,)a very
intelligent and highly respectable genileman, and
one who by his profession and residence in the
country en titled his opinions to great weight, fought
manfully to protect the interests of those whom he
represented. Mr. S. sent to the Clerk's table the
minority report made by Mr. Brownell in the con-
vention on the boundary question.
" The first line (ttiat adopted by Congress) divides the settle-
ments along the St. Croix, which are identical m interest
and closely connected by business and other relation!-, into
