1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
modify it, so far as to strike out the part which
called for the reasons which had delayed the send**
in* in the nominations, so as to leave it a bare
inquiry into the fact.
Mr. ALLEN said that the modification rendered
the resolution less objectionable, but it did not en-
tirely remove his reluctance to vote for it. It was
a kind of inquisition, of which there was no instance
to be found in our history. The President might,
- with just as much propriety, call on the Senate for
information of what it had done, and why it had
left other things undone/ It was altogether an ir-
regular motion. The President could not send in
the information which was called for without fur-
nishing a list of all the nominations-:which were
not yet sent in. It was not so much to the uncon-
stitutionality as to the irregularity of the proceed-
ing that he was opposed. He moved to lay the
resolution on the table; but,withdrew the motion,
and
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he had hoped
that the amendment would have iemoved the ob-
jection of the Senator from Ohio, and that the re-
solution would have been adopted. He had been
disappointed in his expectation. The Senator
from Ohio says it is a call for information of all
that the President had done in the exercise of the
appointing power, and that it was both unconsti-
tutional and irregular. He (Mr. J.) did not re-
gard the resolution as unconstitutional. The Sen-
ator from Ohio said, the other day, that the reso-
lution was in conflict with the provision of the
Constitution which allowed the President to hold
back his nominations during the session, so that
the commission granted by him during the recess
did not expire until the close of the session. So
that it seemed the Senator from Ohio thought it
quite sufficient, to carry out the spirit of the con-
stitutional provision, if he sent in his nominations
at the last moment of the session. Were it not
that there was important business now pressing
on the attention of Congress, he would like to go
at large into the reasons which induced him to sub-
mit this resolution, and the historical matters with
which the subject was connected. But he did not
feel disposed to trespass on the indulgence of the
Senate.
It was clear to him that the objects of the con-
stitutional provision to which reference had been
made were, first, to give the President reasonable
time for inquiry, and to send in the nominations to
the Senate; and, in the second place, to allow the
Senate reasonable time to deliberate and act upon
them.
He did not mean to find fault with the invest-
ment of the appointing power in the President.
But he would say, that-so great a latitude of con-
struction had not of late prevailed in reference to
the power of the other depai tments as to the-power
of the President. If he adhered to the letter of the
Constitution, he was to be sustained, whatever de-
parture there might be from the spirit of the instru-
ment; while charges of usurpation of power were
constantly made against Congress. We had sent
abroad an army to conquer territory which we were
to acquire as indemnity. We wanted field officers.
Congress gave him the authority to appoint, and
he had, during the recess, appointed officers. But
he had not sent in these nominations until this hour.
Among these was General Pillow, who, in the event
of the disability or recall of the Commander-in-
chief, would have been entiflfd to command. He
alluded also to General Cushmg, appointed by the
President during the recess, and who was now sit-
ting in judgment on the Commander-in-chief. The
quasi court, of which he is a member, is ajudicial
court, and before it is arraigned the greatest cap-
tain of the age, whom they have the power to
condemn, if they shall see fit.
If this call was trenching on the rights of the
President, he asked if we had no rights ? He con-
sidered that the Senate had a right to as long a
time as would enable, it to pass deliberately on the
nominations submitted to it. The object of the
provision in the Constitution was merely to autho-
rize the President to appoint until there could be an
opportunity for consultation with the Senate. If
he were to keep his nominations until the last mo-
ment of the session and they should then be reject-
ed, the Senate being compelled to adjourn, the
vacancies would be again filled by the President
without the interference of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN vindicated the#ight of the Presi-
dent to retain the nominations as long as the Con-
stitution permitted. He acted for the general good
as well as the Senate, and he had as mueh right
to ask of the Senate if they intended to pass a bill,
as the'Senate had to ask if he was about to send
in any nominations. The rule of the Senate by
which the doors were closed*-—a rule which he had
always tried to get rid of, and which he should
live to see got rid of, because public opinion every-
where was against it—prohibited the President
from complying with this call, even if he were dis-
posed to do so. It was this rule which required
nominations to be sent in secretly; while this
resolution called for a list of the nominations to be
publicly made. So far as Che public is concerned,
the Senator from Maryland had given the names
of the officers pointed at; so that the public could
gain nothing further by the adoption of the reso-
lution and the response of the President. He con-
tended that no department had any right to inter-
fere with the Executive functions of the President
as laid down in the Constitution.
He was in favor of watching the Executive
power, but he did not perceive that the tendencies
to usurpation were so great in the Executive, who
stood on his indi-vidual responsibility, as in the
departments which exhibited a responsibility di-
vided among many, as in the legislative branches,
and all other of those aristocratic institutions which
dotted the whole land, under the name of corpo-
rations. He referred to the bill making the ap-
portionment under the last census, whichr in the
House of Representatives, was constructed so as
to admit the largest volume of democracy into that
branch; but which, when it came into the Senate,
was so changed as to throw the weight of influence
into the Senate. It was this body, so far removed
from the people, in which we are to look for usurp-
ation, rather than m the Executive and the House
of Representatives. He held all this cry about
Executive usurpation as unworthy of apprehen-
sion. It was the secret, noiseless usurpations in
this body which were to be feared; let us get rid
of these, and he would leave the rest to the peo-
ple.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the further
consideration of the subject was postponed, and
the Senate proceeded to take up the special order.
YUCATAN.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
bill to enable the President to take temporary mil-
itary occupation of Yucatan.
Mr. LEWIS said he desired to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] The amendment was
in the shape of a preamble, to go at the head of
the bill, and a proviso to be inserted at the close.
He thought, that to put the bill on the ground of
humanity alone, would be carrying them further
than he was disposed to go. They could not, and
ought not, lo become the champions of the whole
human race; he thought the true base to place it
on was, that Mexico owed Yucatan protection,
and as she was no longer able, from the fact of our
having superseded her military power, that we
were bound to treat the invasion of Yucatan as
other Mexican invasions. If the amendment pre-
vails, it will read—
Whereas an extiaordmary war is now being waged by the
Indian upon the white population of Yucatan, which, if not
anested, threatens the extinction of the white race; and
wherea? Yucatan, as one of the States of Mexico, l-s enti-
tled to thi1 piotertion of the Mexican Government; ami
whereas, hy rra-on of the existing war, the authority of the
Mevicar. Government ha< been to a great extent suppressed
within the iimits of Mexico, and the nnhtaiy auihoniy of
tile United States substituted m its stead ; and whereas to
such substitution is to be mainly attributed the impunity
which is now given to cruelty and outrage on the pait of
the msui gents, justice and good faith to Yucatan, as well as
the existing armi-tice with Mexico, requite, a-> in the ca^e
of other Indian invasions of Mexican tcrntoiy during the
war, that the United States, having .superseded the power
of Mexico, should a^unip the protection of Yucatan until
Mexico shall be 111 a condition to leassume the same. There-
fore—
Be it enacted, fyc., That the President of the Unitr-d States
he, and he i-s hereby, authoiized and empowered to accept
the services of an equal number of volunteer troops to sup-
ply the place ofmjcIi as mav be withdrawn from their pres-
ent duty to .answer to the exigent demand f >1 the immediate
presence of a p-ntion of our army in Yucatan: Fronde/1,
Their services shall be required; tiie same to be raised
for service dining the war with Mexico, agieeahiy to the
provisions of the act of May tlmfenth, eighteen bundled i
and forty-six, and March third, eighteen hundred and forty- i
seven ; and provided, further, that"nothing herein contained i
"hall be *o construed as to require that the protection hereby 1
afiorded to the people of Yucatan should be withdrawn until
Mexico is in a situation to resume the same; and provided,
further, that no warrant is hereby intended to be given for the I
permanent occupation or annexation of the territory or Yu-
caran to the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, accepted the mod-
ification without hesitation", when—
Mr. NILES rose and addressed the Senate to a
late hour against any interference with the internal
concerns of other nations, and urging caution and
prudence in all our relations with other countries.
It was after four when Mr. N. closed his remarks.
[See Appendix for the debate on this bill.]
Mr. CASS took the floor; when—
Mr. BREESE moved to go into Executive ses-
sion; but the Senate refused the motion, and ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 10, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEBATE ON THE WISCONSIN BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the usual resolution
to close all debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of thS'Union on the bill for the admis-
sion of the State of Wisconsin into the Union, at
two o'clock, this day.
The resolution was adopted.
BINDING BY CONTRACT.
Mr. HENLEY then called up a motion, pre-
viously submitted by him, to reconsider the vote
by which the following resolution had heretofore
been adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hou«e receive proposal?
for binding books and document^ ordered by thf Hout<;; and
that he submit the same to the Committee on Accounts for
its examination and appioval.
|! He said that the resolution which he wished re-
]'• considered was one which it was not within the
constitutional power of the House to pass—one
it which, at the time it passed, had not been iiivesti-
m gated, and was not understood. Mr. H. wished
ji to submit some remarks on that resolution, and
also on the subject of performing the public print-
: ing of Congress by contract. There was, particu-
larly on the latter subject, a prevailing misappre-
hension, both as to how the printing was now
executed, and on the possibility of having the
printing of Congress well done on the contract
system.
It had been said here*that the House and the
country had gained nothing by putting out the
printing on contract; and it had been further asserted
that the work had deteriorated in the manner of its
execution, and that the country had lost credit
from the appearance of its public documents, both
as respected paper and printing also. Mr. H.'s
object was to show, that instead of the country's
gaining nothing by the change which had been
made in the mode of getting the printing done,
ji theie had, on the contrary, been an immense gain;
and, moreover, that the public printing was done
at this time as well as it ever had been.
[The total sum paid lor the printing of Congress for the last
seven years, was   $947,555
At the prices we now pay, the same work would
have been done for  368.509
Showing a saving of    £579 045
or upwards of 66 per cent. K
The amount paid to Gales & Seaton for the printing of the
27th Congress, was  §2cg 150
At the prices we now pay, this work uouid have
cost only *  97,041
Showing in tuo years a saving of  £192,119
or about 75 per cent.
Tim average s-aving per year for seven ycai«, if the work
had been done at parent prices, would have been $82,720.]
The CHAIR here called Mr. Hekley to order,
on the ground of irrelevancy. The resolution he
had moved to reconsider had reference solely to a
contract for binding documents printed. Remarks
on the mode or cost of the public printing were not
in order on such a motion.
Mr. HENLEY, after a sudden pause, here said
that if the Chair would tell him what remarks
would be m order on the motion, he would make
them, for he certainly intended to make some. [A
laugh.]
The resolution proposed to be reconsidered was
read by the Clerk.
Mr. HENLEY" said that when that resolution
was adopted, it had been said on this floor that the
public printing was worsp performed now than it
ever had been. He was replying to those remarks
by showing the contrary.
The CHAIR remarked that Mr. H. could ^et an
