1-648.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
to overleap or break down any contract entered
into by the printers for binding, but to call the at-
tention of the House to the contract system, which
was adopted by the last Congress with t view to
save expense, and which system has been pursued
by the present Congress.
Mr. "STEPHENS was favorable to the recon-
siderationof this resolution. He thought the public
printers ought to have the binding, if they would
do it on as reasonable terms as others; and, under
this condition, hoped the Committee on Printing
would contract with the printer. He moved the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being on the reconsidera-
tion, Which was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. McKAY moved to recommit the resolution
to the Committee on Accounts, with instructions to
inquire whether any agreement had been made be-
tween the Clerk of this House and the Secretary
of the Senate afid the public printers as to the
binding. He was proceeding to call attention to
the unequal distribution of the documents under
the present practice, and the necessity of some
regulation on the subject, when he was called to
order for irrelevancy, and yielded the floor.
Mr. CONGrER desired to offer certain resolu-
tions as a substitute for the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolutions were
not in order while the motion to recommit was
pending.
At Mr. Conger's request, and by general con-
sent, the resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on Printing be, and thoy
are hereby, authorized and instructed to fnler info contract
With Messrs. Wendell and Van Beniliuyson, public print-
ers, for the execution of all binding which lia> been oidered
cr may hereafter be ordered by this House, which contiuct
shall remain in fotce for and dunng the continuance of the
contiact under which the said primers are now executing
the puWic punting: Prouirfe./, That such contratt can be
entered into with tiie said Wendell and Van Benthtiysen
on as favorable terms as are offered by any other individu-
als.
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing, in pursuance
of the instructions contained in the foregoing lesolution, do
report to this Housfe, at the earties-t practicable day, their
proceedings, together with the pi ices offered, the persons
by whom offered, and the price agreed to be paid, in case
a contract is entered into with said printers.
Mr. CONGER then moved his resolutions as an
amendment to the instructions of Mr. McKay.
The question being on Mr. Conger's amend-
ment—
Mr. HENLEY remarked, if this House had not
the authority to pass the original resolution, they
had not the authority to pass the resolutions of the
gentleman from New York. If the binding was
already contracted for, they had no right to instruct
the Committee on Printing to make a new contract.
It would first be proper, it appeared to him, to
adopt the instructions of the gentleman from North
Carolina, and ascertain whether a contract had
been entered into or not.
The question being taken, Mr. Conger's amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. STE WART, of Pennsylvania, proposed to
amend the motion of Mr. McKay, by authorizing i
the Committee on Printing to have bound any of '
the documents printed fur disliibution they might
think proper, provided that the expenses should in
no case cxceed twelve and a half cents per volume. !
The amendment was ruled out of order on the i
ground of irrelevancy; and
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
McKay, it was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the resolution was recommitted, with instruc-
tions.
ADMISSION OF WISCONSIN.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of the State of Wisconsin
into the Union.
When this bill was taken up yesterday, Mr.
Smitij, of Indiana, moved to amend the first sec-
tion by adding at the end thereof the following:
"With the houndaiies prescribed by the act of Congress,
approved Augu>t 6, 1846, entitled 'An act to enable the peo-.
{pie of Wisconsin Territory to form a^onstitution and State
'Government, and lor the admission of such State into th$
* Union.''
And Mr/SMITH, of Illinois, moved to amend
the amendment of Mr. Smith, of Indiana, as fol-
lows:
" Beginning* at the northeast corner of the State of Illi-
nois, that is t<rsay, at a point in the centre of Lake Michigan,
where the line of forty-two degrees and thirty minutes of
north latitude crosses the same; thence running with the
boundary line ol Michigan through Lake Michigan and Green
Bay, to the mouth of Menominee river; thence up the chan-
nel of said river to the Brul6 river; thence up said last
mentioned river to Lake Brul6; thence along the southern
shore of Lake Brul6, in a direct line, to the centre of the
channel between Middle-and South Islands, in the Lake of
the Desert; thence, in a direct line, to TroutLake; thence,
in a direct line southwesterly, to the highest peak of Moun-
tain Island, which, according to Nicollet's map, is about
where.the forty-fourth degree of latitude crosses the Missis-
sippi; thenee dnwi^the main channel of said river to the
northwest corner or the State of Illinois; thence due east,
with the northern boundary of the State of Illinois, to the
place of beginning, as established by an act to enable the
people of Illinois Territory to form a constitution and State
Government, and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States, approved
April 18, 1818."
The first question before the committee to-day,
was on agreeing to the amendment of'Mr. Smith,
of Illinois.
Mr. DICKINSON recited the provisions of the
amendments pending—the northern boundary, pro-
vided by that of Mr. Smith, of Indiana, being the
St. Croix, as authorized by the act of Congress of
1846, and accepted by the convention of Wiscon-
sin. ' Congress having agreed to accept Wisconsin
into the Union, and prescribed such boundaries,
and Wisconsin having accepted of them, they were
bound to them, unless it could be shown that there
had been some fraud committed upon Congress,
or some mistake sufficiently serious to prevent the
consummation of the compact. But if he under-
stood correctly, there was none.
The great objection to the admission of Wiscon-
sin as a State was, that the territory was too large.
The objection that those residing in the valley of
the St. Croix would be put to serious hardship and
inconvenience was of some weight; but this was
an objection which would always be largely ex-
aggerated in a new country. He referred to sim-
ilar inconveniences which had been anticipated of
a formidable character at the time of the admission
of Ohio, but which had disappeared with the pro-
gress of improvement and settlement.
Wisconsin had the same power to prescribe her
boundaries that Congress had; if Congress did not
agree to the boundaries she was willing to accede
to, she had the right to remain as a Territory. She
had formed a State constitution; she had made all
the preparations for coming into the Union as a
State; suppose Congress did not confirm this line,
and proposed a new one, which she should refuse
to accept, by what laws would she be governed in
the mean time? By the laws of the State for which
she had formed her constitution, or the laws of the
Territory? Would she go on to elect her Gov-
ernor, Legislature, and various officers under State
authority, or must she be thrown back upon the
Territorial government, and be governed by Terri-
torial judges, governors, and other officers? He
concluded not; but that if Congress disagreed to
her proposition, she would have the right to act
independently of the General Government, so far
as her internal police and general legislation were
concerned; and that she would be subject to the
laws of the General Government, so far as the
States were subject to them, and no further.
He further argued the superiority of the line
proposed by the committee over that proposed by
Mr. Smith, of Illinois—the former having been
proffered by Congress in 1846, having been ac-
cepted by Wisconsin, and being now aslied by the
Territory, through her delegate on this floor. If
they were now, for the first time, acting upon the
question of the line, he should prefer a southern
line; but as it was, he considered that Congress
were bound, by every sense of reason, justice, and
consistency, to adhere to the line proposed by them
and accepted by Wisconsin.
He .noticed the objection to the bill, that it vio-
lated the ordinance of 1787, which prescribed that
five States should be formed out of the Northwest-
ern Territory—this being the sixth. He did not
consider that ordinance binding; it never had been
so considered by the people northwest of the Ohio. ,
It had always been disregarded by the State of
Ohio. Why, one important provision of that or-
dinance was, that slavery should not exist there; j
and others, that all the inhabitants of the territory '
should enjoy the right of habeas corpus, of trial by
jury, and all the rights and privileges of citizens of *
any other portion of the "Union; and the very first
thing that Ohio did when she became a State was
to disregard some of these important provisions:
she disfranchised all Africans,'disregarded the or-
dinance with reference to the right of trial by jury,
passed laws prohibiting the injffligWtion into that
State of free persons of color; went still further,
and prohibited the blacks from testifying in courts
of justice in cases where white persons were par-
ties. Some of these laws had been continued oil
the statute-book until this day. They had never
regarded the principles of that ordinance since the
State was formed; nor was Congress going to re-
gard it; they were going to disregard it now in re-
ceiving Wisconsin into the Union.
It was possible that Illinois was much larger
than she ought to have been, and Indiana also, "and
lie knew not but Ohio too. But we had, in relation
to the Northwestern Territory, often disregarded
that ordinance. It was held by some gentlemen
that Congress had the right to resort to special
legislation for these territories; but he held that
they had not. He held, that so far as general
! legislation was concerned, the Territories stood in
1 the same relation to the General Government as
did the States; and that the power to legislate for
the government and general police of Territories
not being in Congress, it necessarily remained with
the people of the Territories, and, to exercise
this legislative power over such Territories, the
consent of the inhabitants must in the first place
be obtained. If the Territory consented to the
legislation of Congress, it then became constitu-
i! tional. He laid down the position that Wisconsin
j| could forever remain in a territorial state if she
|j should be pleased to do so, without the aid or ae-
! tion of the General Government, except so far as
ji related to general laws. She could adopt a State
I Government; she could elect her own judges, and
manage her own affairs. All the territory north-
j west of the Ohio river had the same right. They
' could have introduced slavery into those territories,
and Congress would have had no right or power
to interfere. The provisions of the ordinance
being superseded by the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, the territory northwest of the Ohio river was
left untrammelled in its action, and the States
carved out of it could either admit slavery or ex-
clude it, as suited their interests.
But, as he had already said, the ordinance of
1787 had been disregarded, and they meant to dis-
regard it now; this State would come in, and we
should also have a sixth, although the ordinance
provided that there should be but five States m the
Northwest Territory. The adoption of our pies-
ent Constitution was a virtual revocation of the
i unalterable provisions of that ordinance; for, by
! the adoption of the Constitution, those provisions
became merged in that instrument, and what was
intended as a special provision for this territorv
j! was by the Constitution extended to the whole
i Union. Such, for instance, was the benefit of the
:! habeas corpus act; the right of trial by jury; that
;! good faith should be kept with the Indians; and
i] also the provision that no tax or impost should be
j| levied upon property in its transit through this
i; territory. The latter part of the 4th article of the
i| ordinance was as follows:
j( "The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and
li Si. Lawrence and the rariymg pi ir<>. brtween tut? same
'! shall bj common highways, and forever free as well to the
: inhabitants ot the said territory as to tiie citizens ol the Unin d
| Status, and those of any other State that may be admitted
|| into the Confederacy, without tax, impost, or duty there-
! tor."
The object of this clause was, not to make com-
j mon highways for any other purpose but for the
J free transit of property' through that territory.
.| The adoption of the Constitution provided a rem-
; edy for this evil by prohibiting the several States
; from levying imposts or duties on exports or im-
i poits. The reason ceasing, the law ceased'; conse-
; quently, those stiearns and the carryi-ng places be-
! tween them ceased to be common highways.
! When the ordinance of '87 was adopted, the
j Constitution had not been framed; and at that time
j there was seen the difficulty of paying debts and
; regulating commerce. At that time, each State
: had the right to collect taxes; and until this was
| provided for by the Constitution, the ordinance
j operated for the benefit of the people. The pro-
| visions of the ordinance, however, were merged
j in the Constitution.
I He concluded, therefore, that they ought to adopt
