750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
her territorial government, roads, harbors, and all.
This was the evenhanded justice which had been
meted out to Wisconsin 1 She might have been a
* State five years ago, when her road fund alone
weuld have far exceeded all she had ever received
at the hands of this Government. ^
Congress had made a grant of lands to construct
a canal from Milwaukie to Rock river, which the
State did no't want and never askecf for. The
land was not granted to the State, but to a com-
pany of private individuals, who were not able
to carry on the work, and finally abandoned the
project. It was a route for a railroad, and for a
canal. The State sold the land granted to her,
and she had some left yet. In any other case the
Government might have whistled for its money;
but the people of Wisconsin had volunteered to
charge themselves with all that money, if Con-
gress would but put them on the same footing with
all other settlers on the public land. This was the
only instance in which Wisconsin had ever asked
anythingfrom the Government; yet nowit was said
that to grant her request would be setting a dan-
gerous precedent,and would violate a fundamental
principle of our land system. Mr. T. said that,
after looking at these facts, and after looking at all
the reports of her own engineers on t'he subject, as
well as the early reports of the French, (for there
were reports two hundred yeats old in favor of this
communication,) and perceiving that all who had
ever investigated the subject were of but one opin-
ion,—if, after all this, gentlemen were disposed to
maintain that it was not competent for Congress
to grant a few hundred "acres from the public do-
main to aid in such a work, and that to a State
that had never before asked the Government for
anything, they might continue to hug their vast
domain, and might continue to draw from the State
a million of dollars a year, as'they had done for
yeais past.
They had kept their hands off of their quota of
five hundred thousand acres, to which they were
entitled with the other new States; yet by every
day that the entrance of Wisconsin into the Union
was delayed, Congress took two hundred dollars
from her school fund. Whether the land they
had received was or was not to be deducted from
her five hundred thousand, Mr. T. knew not and
cared not. It* the Government was so mean as to
open an account current with the State, it might
have whatever the footing would show to be due,
and Wisconsin would pay it without looking at
the items of the account. *
Mr. T. here said that he should move an amend-
ment which had received the sanction of the whole
Committee on the Territories.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, rose to say
that it seemed to him that the views of the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Colla.mer] had been mis-
taken by the honorable delegate. Mr. R. thought
that in his remarks he had been disposed to show
gieat liberality, and such a dispositiou toward the
coming State as ought to shield him from some of
the remarks which had fallen from that gentleman.
Ail that the gentleman from Vermont maintained
was, that if the alternate sections granted to Wis-
consin should be reduced to the minimum price,
and that reduction should not be charged upon the
five hundred thousand acres to which she was en-
titled, it would form an injurious precedent against
doubling the price of reserved sections in all cases
hereafter. Mr. R. was willing to give liberally to
new States, as he had proved by hts course in rela-
tion to such lands; but, really, unless this was to
be considered as part of Wisconsin's five hundred
thousand acres, he could not vote for this provision
in the bill.
Mr. TWEEDY (resuming) said the principle of
this grant was not new. When a canal or railroad
ran through a portion of public domain that was
wholly unsettled, it was the duty of Congress to
grant alternate sections of land in its vicinity, in
order to aid in Us construction; because the making
of the canal aided the sale of the rest of the land; ■
and then it was proper enough to double the price j
of the sections reserved. But when the road or j
canal passed through a region partially settled, the !
reservation of such sections operated as a robbery ;
on the settleue already there, because it compelled !
them to pay double for the lands they had already j
improved. The effect was to drive off or keep off i
every emigrant for ten miles round the proposed j
course of the canal. They were afraid to make j
improvements, for tear, when the alternate sections I
came to be reserved, their houses would fall within
the sections reserved by Government, and so they
would be compelled to pay double as much as their
neighbors. In fact, this was the case in Wiscon-
sin at this moment. People were waiting till the
reservations were fixed; and the consequence was,
that that part of the country remained unsettled.
Every such restriction operated injuriously to the
country where it took effect; and the people would
continue to agitate and agitate, at the expense of
the contemplated improvement itself, rather than
submit to so injurious an arrangement. The plan
worked admirably on a great prairie, or in a coun-
try wholly unsettled, but not in a country settled
to the extent Wisconsin was. To the reserves on
the north side of the river these remarks did not so
much apply, bccause there the lands weie of infe-
rior quality, but on the |§uth side there were mul-
titudes ready and desirous to settle who were now
deterred. Ought a work so important, of a char-
acter so clearly national, and so easy of completion,
to be clogged and retarded by a restriction of this
description ?
[Mr. T. here gave notice of an amendment
which he intended to offer.]
Mr. T. would not detain the committee with
further remarks. He would merely add, that as
he understood the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Smith] had consented to withdraw his amendment
for a southern boundary, he hoped that gentleman
would seize an early opportunity of doing so, as
the hour allotted to this debate would soon close.
Mr. McCLERNAND would not intrude upon
the attention of thecommittee but for the gratuitous
assault made by the member from Connecticut
[Mr. Rockwell] upon western members, and par-
ticularly the advocates of the graduation policy;
which assault was the more wanton because it
was indirect and deliberate. Mr. McC., however,
would first address himself to some of the details
of the bill, before he would proceed to notice this
assault, which reflected more upon the courtesy
of the member from Connecticut than upon the ad-
vocates of a relaxation of the rigors of the present
land system. Mr. McC. would vote for the bill,
in such proper form as would most speedily admit,
the State of Wisconsin into the Union, of which
her worthy and patriotic people were anxious to
become a member. He would do this from a re-
gard for the expressed wish of the people of Wis-
consin, and because he was not unwilling to see
the number of sister States composing the great
family of this Federal Union increased. Wiscon-
sin would make the thirtieth State of the Union.
He was in favor of the St. Croix boundary, be-
cause that was the boundary fixed by the act of
Congress of 1846, and because that boundary had
been adopted by the people of Wisconsin in their
late constitutional convention. Public attention
had been called to that boundary, and was prepared,
perhaps, to leceive it. The faith of Congress was
also pledged, in some measure, if not absolutely,
m favor of that boundary, in consequence of what
had been stated, and for that reason, no other or
different boundary ought to be prescribed by Con-
gress. He should therefore vote against what was
called the Rum river, or extreme western boundary,
which had been recommended, alternatively, by
the people of Wisconsin; also against the bound-
ary proposed by his colleague, [Mr. Smith,] which
was not perhaps a natural, but an arbitrary bound-
ary.
In regard to the lands heretofore granted to the
Territory or State of Wisconsin, for purposes of
internal improvement, and which were recognized
; and regulated by the constitution of Wisconsin, it
! was of little or no consequence whether provision
| was made m the bill for the deduction of the quan-
j tity from the grant of five hundred thousand acres,
I to which the State would be entitled under the act J
of September 4,1841, or not; for that act, by a gen- !
j era! regulation, expressly required that all such
j special grants should be deducted from the general
| grant of five hundred thousand acres to each of the
j new States.
! Upon the subject of graduation, he denied the
I charge of the member from Connecticut [Mr.
! Rockwell] that it was a 44 gross and outrageous"
measure; such a denunciation could only proceed
: from a gross misconception of the merits of the
! measure. Mr. McC. was for graduation, for many
reasons; among others, because it was consonant
i in its principles and effects to the spirit and genius
I of our constitution of Government.
The Constitution certainly contemplated that all
the States, the new as well as the old, should stand
upon the same footingof constitutional sovereignty
and independence. No one would deny this as an
abstract proposition. Well, could it be true that
the newStates held such a footing, when they were
subject to an anomalous and degrading jurisdiction
unknown to the old States? When this Govern-
ment might claim to invade the new States with a
peculiar and arbitrary jurisdiction, to punish by
fine and imprisonment any citizen of the new States,
as a trespasser, who might tread, or cut a twig, upon
the public domain—when this Government might,
in virtue of its pretensions, send a military force
into the new States to exclude or drive the settlers
from the public lands,—could such be a footing of
equality in regard to the new States, when such
arhitrary pretensions were disavowed in relation
to the old States? Certainly not. The Constitu-
tion, therefore, demanded that such a policy should
be adopted in relation to the public lands as would
most speedily release the new States from their
vassalage to the Federal Government, and admit
them, in fact, to constitutional equality.
Not only the Constitution demanded this policy,
but also considerations of public policy. Agricul-
ture was the great and primary interest of the
country. It was essentially a republican interest.
In proportion, therefore, as we developed and im-
proved this interest, so we would augment na-
tional and individual wealth, and strengthen the
republican props of the Government. By reducing
the price of public lands, the circle of competition
for their purchase would be extended, the lands
thus brought within the reach of the poor as well
as the rich, monopolies prevented, the number
of freeholders increased, and the public revenues
improved.
The old States graduated the price of their lands
according to their qualities. Maine sold hers for
some twenty-five cents per acre, payable, perhaps,
in work upon the high roads; Pennsylvania for a
still smaller price; so also Kentucky, Georgia, and
other States; and the policy thus adopted by States
for local benefit should be adopted by this Govern- "
ment for the benefit of the whole.
j Graduation had been tried and worked well—it
j was tried in Georgia, also m Tennessee, in regard
j to the lands of this Government: and why should
, not the benefits of a policy approved by the States
| be adopted by this Government? Lands, like all
' other property, were of unequal value—some worth
j more, others less, of course; therefore policy, jus-
j tice, common honesty, required that they should
| be rated and^ sold according to their different val-
| ues. And this was the whole extent of gradua-
tion.
The public lands have cost the Government an
average of twenty-three cents per acre, including
the whole expense of purchasing, surveying, and
selling them. Is it just, is it fair, therefore, that
these lands should be held by the Government for
an indefinite period for sale at $1 25 per acre ? This
would be avarice, which would be questionable in
an individual, much more so in a Government pro-
fessing to be popular and free.
But was it not strange—even afFrontive—that the
member from Connecticut should object to gradua-
tion, when he and his party advocate that wasteful
and agrarian measureof" distribution?" And what
was distribution? It proposed to tax the people of
the new States unequally, as consumers, to buy
more and more lands, to be sold chiefly to them-
j selves, at an advanced price, in order that the pro-
! ceedsofsuch sales might be distributed among all
i the States. It proposed to divert the proceeds of
; the sales of the public lands from the treasury to
I the States; it proposed, in effect, to squander die
! land revenue for party purposes. Was not such
i a policy most obnoxious and dangerous 3
, The member from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
! had undertaken, the other day, to censure what
i he considered the faithlessness of granting boun-
ties of land to soldiers for services m past wars,
inasmuch as the 41 sales of the public lands," not
the lands, had been pledged for the payment of a
public debt. The member should remember that
he voted against the repeal of the distribution act,
which diverted the land fund from the payment of
a large public debt, crcatcd by a Whig adminis-
tration, for the payment of which the fund had
been pledged. The member from Vermont should
have consulted hia record before he adventured
upon the task of a lecture on public morality.
