1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
Mr. FICBXJN read the following amendment,
which he proposed to introduce, but which, being
ruled out of order, he did not offer;
" Insert after the word ( States,' at the end of the pream-
ble, in lieu of th6 first, second, and third sections:
« Whereas, by the compact entered into by the Govern-
ment of the United States when the cession of the territory
northwest of the Ohio river was made, provision is made
that States formed out of said territory {shall be distinct re-
publican States, and admitted members of the Fedeial Union,
having the same rights of sovereignty, freedom, and inde-
pendence as the other States;' and wheieas the possession
oflands within the new State by the Federal Government,
other than for the purposes mentioned in the Constitution of
the United States, deprives those Slates of the power of tax-
ing a large part of the property within their limits, and also
of making donations to actual settlers, and therefore depi ivies
the.m of some of the rights of sovereignty, freedom, and in-
dependence possessed by tfie other States: Therefore,
"jBe it enacted, #c j That all the public lands within the
State of Wisconsin be, and the same aie hereby, relinquished
to the State aforesaid for the following purposes :
" 1st. That the State authoriues secure toeach actual set-
tler, being the head ot a family, who shall occupy the same
for a term of years, not less than eighty ndr more than one
hundied and sixty acres of land, proportioned to the number
in familv.
"2d. That ample piovision be made from the proceeds
of the public lands to educate, by a system of common
schools, each child within the limits of iho State aforesaid,
who may not otherwise be provided with the means of do-
ing so."
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, read a modification of
his amendment, which is inserted in a subsequent
column.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, went into a short
speech in strenuous opposition to a southern bound-
ary, as calculated to throw back the admission of
the new State. She had now a right to come in;
she was, according to law, a State of this Union;
or, if anything was wanting to make her so, it was
only the President's proclamation. The design of
the amendment was to fasten on her a system of
territorial vassalage, with all the machinery of ter-
ritorial government, for twenty years to come.
Mr. J. was against it. He thought it wrong in
principle for the General Government to pay the !
expenses ofagoverrmient fora territory; he thought
the people of the Territory should be allowed to
tax themselves for the support of their own gov-
ernment. He was opposed to this amendment,
but whenever a bill should be brought in giving to
every free white male citizen in the United States
a tract of one hundred and sixty acres of land, on
condition of five* years'inhabitation and cultiva-
tion, it should have his cordial support. He be-
lieved this would be the very best disposition that
could be made of the public domain.
The time allotted to debate having expired—
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, availed himself of the
privilege allowed by the rule to the gentlwtnan re-
porting a bill from a committee, and addressed the
committee. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Smith,] he said, had determined to modify his
amendment,so as to authorize the State of Wiscon-
sin, with the assent of Congress and the Territo-
ries of the northwest, to change the boundary.
So far as he was concerned, he had no objection to
that proposition. If a change was hereafter made,
with the assent of the United States, the people of
Wisconsin,and the territory beyond, all interested
would be consulted, and no injury could result.
He could not, however, consent to the adoption of
the change suggested by the gentleman from Wis-
consin. That subject had been under the minute
examination of the Committee on the Territories,
and he believed it was the unanimous recommend-
ation of that committee that the line heretofore
sanctioned by Congress, and now by the conven-
tion of Wisconsin, should be ratified by Congress,
and, under all the circumstances, was the best line
to be adopted.
Mr. TWEEDY was understood to say that the
report of the Committee on the Territories was a
majority report—the minonty had not submitted a
report.
Mr. SMITH replied, that unless he was mista-
ken, the committee weie united in recommending
the St. Croix boundary in preference to that of the
Rum river. He could see no reason for the change.
I he St. Croix was a navigable stream for boats of [
large tonnage, and he believed a stream of that '
character presented a better boundary than any
imaginary line. It avoided conflicts of jurisdic-
tion; it gave to the bordering States the joint use
of the stream—as in the ease of the Ohio formino-
a boundary line for Ohio, Virginia, Indiana, Ken-
tucky, and Illinois, all of which States were equal-
ly benefited.
Another reason why they should circumscribe
the limits of theState as much as they could was,
that if they run the line up to Rum river, they left
not territory enough to form a new State, west
of the St. Croix was territory, out of which, in a
few years, would be formed a new State. Instead
of still further circumscribing the territory, by run-
ning the line thirty or forty miles further west, if
any objection was to be made to the line of the St.
Croix, it was, that with it the limits would be too
much extended; and if they were to vary from this
line, he should rather go for a more southern line.
He had' only given his sanction to the line that
had already been sanctioned by Congress and by
the Territory; and by agreeing to that line, they
closed the subject without further legislation. If
they adopted this line, immediately on the passage
of the act Wisconsin became a State of the Union.
On last Monday sh^elected her representatives,
and in the course of two weeks two representa-
tives of that State might be here to take their seats
on this floor. He was unwilling to adopt any
course to prevent their taking their seats; to post-
pone their coming into the Union a year or eigh-
teen months longer.
A word in regard to this second section. Gen-
tlemen had spoken of it as though this bill pro-
posed to make extensive donations of land to
Wisconsin; nothing of this kind was proposed by
Wisconsin, and he was surprised when he read then-
constitution and their convention to find, that in-
ste_ad of making these clamorous demands of which
they heard so much as coming from the new States,
they did not ask the General Government to give
them one acre of land. This bill gave, them not
one acre; it only proposed to change the direction
of previous grants heretofore made by the Govern-
ment. !
The honorable chairman of the Committee on I
Public Lands [Mr. Collamer] had said that thrs J
resolution called for nothing to which he would j
object. He (Mr. S.) was certain that if the gen- i
tleman would not object no other gentleman would;
for he was very certain there was no man in this
House who looked upon the demands of the new-
States with a more jealous eye than that gentle-*
man; and if he could find'nothing objectionable m
the resolution, he presumed no other gentleman
would.
A few words with regard to a thing to which the
gentleman did object. He was unwilling to recog-
nize the principle that grants of land should be made
to the new States for the purpose of any improve-
ments on a different principle from that of the do-
nations to the old States.
Mr. COLLAMER, interposing, said this was
not the case. He did not know what the gentle-
man meant by the jealousy, suspicion with which
he (Mr. C.) looked on the new States; if the gen-
tleman would examine the history of his (Mr.
; C.'s) course and votes here, he thought he would
find that no such charge could be made against
him. He had entertained, and did entertain, favor
for the policy of making grants of land on the al-
ternate section principle, raising the prices of the
sections to be reserved. This could not be done
in the old States, of course, yet he was in favor of
the policy, and because he believed that the prop-
osition of this section was inconsistent with such
policy, he was opposed to it.
Mr. SMITH confessed he was unable to recog-
nize any great degree of liberality in that proposi-
tion—in getting the new State to increase the value
of one-half of certain sections of the public domain
to the value of the whole, and to give to them one-
half. The General Government gave nothing; it
prevailed upon the citizens of the new State to
enter one-half at the value of the whole. Such was
the liberality of the Gengral Government in bene-
fiting the States. He believed the call on the
liberality of this Government was much stronger
than would be asserted by this principle. The
public domain was held by the General Govern-
ment in trust, not for the old States or the new
States, but for all the States collectively. How
should that trust be exercised? Upon the, nig-
| gardly principle that not one acre should ever be
I parted with until we could see the cash coming
j back into the treasury? ^^Vas this Government
j not to be benefited by other means than the receipt
i of revenue into the treasury? There were other
and higher reasons that should govern in the
administration of the public lands; the great and
j paramount interest was the improvement and set-
I tl'ement of the country. He asked th'e gentleman
from Vermont if every acre of land cultivaled in
the new States was not a benefit to Vermont?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not of as much benefit
as it would be if they cultivated it in Vermont.
Mr. SMITH. From what I have heard of
Vermont, I am afraid there would be a poor pros-
pect of our people becoming rich by cultivating
land there.
Mr. COLLAMER, (in his seat.) We are a
poor people.
Mr. SMITH. Not apoorpeople, but your land
is poor compar§d with ours.
There were other reasons, he continued, to sus-
tain the policy of liberal grants of the public lands
by the General Government to the new States. In
the old States they had roads and canals—channels
for their produce which yielded a ready return;
but in the new States there were farmers who had
to wade through swamps in dragging their pro-
duce to points where they received but a poor re-
turn; that were situated in the interior, remote
from market, without channels of communication;
and without some assistance from the General
Government they must remain destitute of im-
provements of this kind. Then it was a matterof
interest, of policy, for the General Government to
aid them; every improvement was adding to the
general wealth of the country, and precisely in the
ratio that the States increased in wealth and pop-
ulation, would increase the revenues and resources
of the General Government. By extending settle-
ments there, they extended the area of consump-
tion for the manufactures of the East—Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, Vermont. All the manufac-
turing States now found their most profitable
market in the new States. Where could they col-
i lect their revenues, their wealth, from their manu-
! factured articles, if they did not find them 111 the
! markets opened in the new States west of the Al-
| leghany mountains ? The benefits were mutual:
j by extending the benefits of these improvements
to the western country, the old States, interested
in manufactures, increased their revenue and re-
sources; they had a direct interest in affording
these facilities to the western people, in order to
enable them to increase their settlement and bring
them on something like an equality with the older
States.
These improvements which were made by the
General Government, or by the citizen® of the new
States from the means extended to them by the
grants of portions of the public domain, were the
subject of just and proper appeals to the liberality
of the old States, for other reasons. Where did our
three millions of dollars a year sales of the public
lands come from? From the old States? How
much did Vermont, how much Massachusetts con-
tribute towards it?
Mr. COLLAMER said a very large part of the
money paid in the new States for the public lands
was paid by the people who had migrated there
from the old States and settled.
Mr. SMITH replied that the gentleman from
Vermont was laboring under a very great mistake.
More than three-fourths of the entire receipts from
the public lands were paid by the bona fide settlers
who had been there for years, and not by immi-
grants into the new States; by the men who had
worn out their constitutions and injured their
health in tilling these lands for the purchase of
homes for their children. Every individual fami-
liar with the people, their institutions, and habits,
knew those who were immigrants into the new ter-
ritories constituted but a very small portion of those
who purchased the lands. And another fact was,
that a very large proportion of those who went
there took with them no money to buy lands, but
were men dependant on their own industry, their
toil after they get there, to raise the money to buy
the lands. It was not every man who went out
there with a wagon-load of money. [A voice:
Many wiih a wagon-load of children.] Yes, with
a wagon load of children, it was true, and they had
to toil there to raise the means to support them,
and buy land for them. And where was the mo-
ney expended? In the West? For light-houses,
buoys, &c., there? No; the money drawn from
the people of the new States upon the sales of the
public lands was brought here and expended on
the Atlantic seaboard, and the people of the old
States received the benefit of it—of three-fourths of
it. They had no navies in the West to absorb the
public revenue, no light-houses, no buoys, beacons,
breakwaters—only a few neglected, abandoned
