752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
harbors on the lake shore, and they were unable to
wring-from the coffers of the Government anything
to improve them. The fact was notorious, that
three-fourths of the money drawn from the western
country on the sales of the public lands was ex-
pended in .the old States in these improvements, in
which the new States had no interest but an indi-
rect and genera! one. Did this afford no reason
why the old States should exercise some liberality
towards the new States ? He thought it did—a very
strong one; and he wondered that any"objection
should be made to the extremely reasonable re-
quest of Wisconsin. She did not ask one acre of
land, that the General Government should give her
one foot of soil, but that this land, which had been
reserved, should be sold at the same price as other
lands. The gentleman from Vermont had objected
that it would be setting a bad precedent. A bad
precedent? Had the gentleman from Vermont
found no such precedents before? He could refer
the gentleman to several which had taken place
since he [Mr. Collamer] had had a seat on this
floor, for he believed the gentleman and himself
first took their seats in this Hall at the same time.
A grant had been made to Indiana to aid m the
construction of the Wabash and Erie canal. Did
the General Government increase the price of the
reserved lands in that case ?
** Mr. COLLAMER explained that there had
been instances he knew in which lands had been
granted to the States—as to Iowa for the improve-
ment of the Des Moines river, and "there had been
some others; but generally speaking, these grants
had been made by elevating the reserved sections.
In Indiana this was the case with some, and with
others it was not. Now, after having elevated
them and having made the grant, it was asked that
the prices should be reduced. His objection was,
that it would be establishing a precedent which
would injure the new States*, that they would not
get their lands any more. He wanted them to get
them.
Mr. SMITH replied, that so far as he knew
anything of the feelings or wishes of the new
States, he was sure they were not anxious to ob-
tain grants on those terms 
Mr. COLLAMER, (in his seat.) They ask
many more. •
Mr. SMITH, (continuing the sentence,) and if
they could 'not obtain them on other terms, they
did not want them. He was advised that if Con-
gress continued to hold up these reserved lands
at $2 50, Wisconsin would abandon her public
"Works-, she would be driven to it by the force of
public opinion there.
But he argued that even if the weight of the pre-
cedents was the other way, they should not be fol-
lowed if they were bad in themselves. It was not
right in Congress to hold these reserved lands m
Wisconsin at two dollars and a half per acre. In
184G Congress passed a bill by which it gave to
Iowa half of the land within five miles of the Des
Moines river for the purpose of improving that
river; and the reserved lands were allowed to be
sold at one dollar and a quarter per acre On the
same day she passed a bill granting to Wisconsin
half of the land within three miles of the Pox and
Wisconsin rivers, which were not half as long.
Iowa, then, by this bill got four times as much as
Wisconsin, for the purpose of making a work by
no means as valuable as that in Wisconsin, either
to the country locally interested or to the general
interests of the Union. He asked, then, why
should Congress demand that Wisconsin should
have these lands withheld from settlement until
they would bring two dollars and a half, while
they sold those in Iowa at one dollar and a quarter?
How could this invidious distinction be made in
favor of one State and against another?
Mr. DUER was understood to inquire, whether,
in case the price of two dollars and fifty cents an
acre retarded the settlement of the Government
lands, it would not be advantageous to the State
by enabling her to sell her share?
Mr. TWEEDY was understood to say, you
could not get settlers to go on these lands; they
would give up their lands before they would sub-
mit to pay such a price; they could not be made
to believe that they had not the inalienable tight-
to them.
Mr. SMITH would give the general answer to
the gentleman from New York, that no State could
ever be benefited by a policy which drove settlers
out of it; and this price placed upon the lands in I
Wisconsin would inevitably have that effect. The
lands were not worth it, and the Government
could never receive the price they demanded until
necessity extorted it from the settler. The lands
were no belter than those in Iowa. Would not
the General Government derive some benefit from
the improvements beside this miserable increase on
the price of the lands? Was not the opening of a
water communication from Green Bay to the Mis-
sissippi, by which a direct water course was open-
ed-between New Orleans and the lakes, of benefit
to all the States of the Union? And would not the
vast commerce which would be carried through
that channel add to the revenues of the Govern-
ment? He thought it was consideration enough.
In the case of the Wabash and Erie canal, Con-
gress with liberality granted the alternate sections
to Indiana, and sold the balance not at §2 50, but
they were selling now at 25; and the benefit
was that those lands which before found no pur-
chasers were sought for with avidity; that thou-
sands of dollars had come into the treasury for
lands which until this had remained unsold, and
which would otherwise have remained so for years.
But, again, before that time, lands had remained
unsold for forty years. The Government did not
exact terms of this kind from Illinois when the
Michigan and Illinois canal was projected, the
completion of which has recently taken place, con-
necting the lake with the river, and affording im-
portant facilities to the commerce of the West.
The Government, with becoming liberality, grant-
ed land to aid in the construction of that work, and
it did not say that the rest should not be sold for
less than $2 50. The Government was willing to
trust to the work itself for a return for its liberal-
ity in the promotion of the interests of the people
of this country. Why, then, should they insist
upon these terms with Wisconsin? Was she en-
titled to less consideration than her older sister
States? Was she to be treated with a step-mother's
kindness? Was she to come into this Union
on terms more onerous than were exacted from
Iowa? He believed there was too much magna-
nimity, too much liberality in the repiesentauves
of tins Union to require Wisconsin to submit to
conditions of this kind. All the provisions of this
bill regarding this matter were liberal. They ex-
hioited no exacting spirit; and Wisconsin asked
no favor that had not before been extended to oth-
ers. She asked that the public domain within her
limits should be offered at the same price as was
fixed on lands in other States. He would not de-
tain the committee longer.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, then modified his
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Smith, of
Indiana, (both of which aie published above,) by
substituting the following:
Provided, That the people or Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin, (in the manner provided m the constitution lor
amending the same,) and the new Tei ritory to be cieated out
oi the remaining territory ot Wisconsin, and any other that
may be included in the same, shall have the power, uy mu-
tual agreement, at any tunc within ten year,;, to cnni^e or
fix the boundary between them, so as to inilude within the
new Teiritor> the \ alley of the St. Croix rivei, or such line
south of the at. Croix river as they ma} agiee upon.
He availed himself of the few minutes allowed
by the rules to explain the purport of his amend-
ment. He had submitted an amendment to fix a
line, and there were other projects prescribing di-
viding lines; but he had become sensible that they
could not pass, and therefore he had modified his
amendment, to be added to the amendment of the j
chairman of the Committee on the Territories, 1
[Mr. Smith, of Indiana,] so as to put it in the '
power of the State of Wisconsin and the new Ter- j
ritory to be hereafter created, to agree on a more <■
equitable dividing line between them. He believed '
his proposition was.just, and he warned gentlemen
not to prescribe a line which would not be conso- ■
' nant with the wishes of the people of the Territory. 1
It would be better to bring in the whole territory \
as it now is. j
The amendment which he now submitted met
the approbation of the Delegate fiom Wisconsin,
and also the views of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Territories. With their approval he
presented it; and he hoped this committee would
not refuse to the people left north of the line of the
St. Croix the poor privilege, at some future time,
to iix a line more just and more in conformity with
the true policy of Congress. He held it to be un-
just to make a dividing line here which would com-
pel persons in the new State to travel four hundred
or five hundred miles to the capital. Congress
should not compel people to be embraced in the
State of Wisconsin who had no interests or feel-
ings in common with many of its inhabitants. He
presumed there would be no material objection to
his amendment, as modified.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TWEEDY! then moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out ail after the word " with,"
and inserting the following:
"The change of boundary proposed in the second article
of said constitution,, to wit: leaving the b jundary line pre-
scubi d in the act of Congress entitled 1 An act to enable the
people of Wisconsin Tei ritory to form a constitution and
State Government, and loi the admission of su -h St tie imo
the Union,* at tiie footol the rapids oi'6t. Loin.- river; theme,
in a dnect hoc bearinj smuUi wetter^, to tne mouth ot j-ko-
dewala or Rum nver, where t .e same empties into the Mis-
sissippi lHer; thenee down the main channel of the said
^Mississippi river, as prescribed in tiie said act.''5
Mr. T. would simply state that this amendment
was offered as a substitute for that offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, and lis
object was to fix the Rum river line as the boundary
instead of the St. Croix. It had been recommend-
ed by the convention of Wisconsin, after mature dis-
cussion; and, therefore, he was bound to adxocate
it. The reason w"hy they preferred this line was not
because they desired the additional territory, but
because they believed it would be more convenient
and more judicious to bring those living in the Su
Croix valley all within the State. Another reason
was because of certain advantages to be derived
from steamboat navigation, which he explained in
detail.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Smith] was then agreed to.
The second section was next read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it jurlher enacted, That the assentof Con-
gress is hereby given to the fint, second, and jijth
resolutions adopted by said convention and appended to
said constitution, and the act?, of Congress, relened to in the
said resolutions, are hereby amended, so that the lands grant-
ed by the provisions of tue several acis referred to m the
said first and Jouitu resolution--, and the proceeds said
lands and the five per centum of the net proceed.- ot the pub-
lic-lands theiein mentioned,shall be held and ui.-posed o: by
said State, in the maimer and for the purposes recommend-
ed hy said convention ; and so that. ai o, the lauds rt-serv. d
to tiie United State? by the provisions of the act entitled
«• An act to grant a quantity ot land to aid in the impiovement
ot'theFuv and Wisconsin liver-, and to conn; ct the same
b> canal in the Territory ot Wisconsin ;5> and also, the
even-numbered sections re-erved by the provisions oi me
at t etilnl -d '■ An act to grant a quantity ot land to the Ttiri-
torv of Wisconsin, lor the purpose Oi aiding in opening a
canal to connect the waters ot Lake Michigan with those of
Hock river," shall he otiered for sale at the same minimum
price and subject to the same right? ot pi eempuon, as ouier
public land- oi the United states: Prodded, however, That
no person shall be entitled to a preemption by rest-on oi the
l| settlement and cultivation ot any quarter section or other
| subdivision of said even-numbered sections, which tract,
bt hue the commencement of such settlement, shall have
been claimed by any other person cultivating ami improving
the same in good faith, and which  hah have continued to
he claimed, cultivated, and improved in like good Unrh by
such peison, his representatives or assigns, until the sale of
?aid tract, and of which said prior claim, cultivation, and
improvement, the person so ijanni/,g pjcemption hnva
had notice at the tune of Ins, cut > and settlement. Not
withstanding, such other person, his lepresenta.ives or as-
signs, ior want of peisonai residence, or fiom other cause,
may not tie entitled to a pieemption to sucn tract, under the
exiting Jaws of the United states: *>lad pro<ided, further,
Tiruti.e liabilities inclined by tiie Tentorial Gov«n inent of
Wisconsin, under the act, entitled " An act to erant a quan-
tity oi land to tiie Territory of Wi-oon«m (or the pnrpo-e of
sliding in opening a canal to connect the waters ot Lake
Micnigan with those of Kocfc river." hereinbefore referred
to, shall be paid and discharged b> the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend this section,
to make it conform to the views he expressed be-
fore the debate was closed,-by striking out the
words u and fifth," so that it would read,   the
first, second, and fourth resolutionsadopied by said
convention, &c. Also, strike out the woids—
"And so that, also, the hinds reserved 10 the United
fet.ite> b> ilie provisions of the act entitled - An act to erant
a quantity of land to aid in the improvement ot lite Fo\ and
UiscmiHn r, v<,,N and to connect the same by a canal m the
Territory ot Wisconsin.''
^*ew wor^s °f explanation between Mr.
I TWEEDY, and Mr. JACOB
I i riUAlFfeUN, tne amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. TWEEDY moved to amend the same sec-
I tion by striking out the words 
. " Notwithstanding, such other person, his representatives
, r assigns, (oi want ot personal residence, or fiom any otlier
j oam e, may not tie entitled t<> <i preemption to such tract,
! under the existing laws of the United Suites: Jlrvl provided,
junher, That the liabilities incurred by the Territorial Gov-
j eminent of Wisconsin, under the act entitled* An act to
j grant a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin, for
1 the purpose of ailing in the opening: a canal to connect the
