THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1848.
New Series No. 48.
warers of Lake Michigan with those of Rock river, herein-
before referred to, shall be paid and discharged by the State
of Wisconsin.'"
And inserting—
" Neither shall any preemption be allowed to any tract
to the injury of any person, or of the representatives or as-
signs of any person claiming and occupying the same, or
any part thereof, in good faith, in his or her rteht, at the pas-
sage of this act, and ownincr valuable cultivation or improve-
ments thereon, which cultivation or improvements shall
have been assigned by the person so claiming: preemption,
or if commenced subsequently to the entry and settlement
£fsuch person, shall have been made with his consent or
cqutescence."
Agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
amend, by adding at the end of the section the
following:
" And, in addition to the land hereby appropriated for the
purposes of education, sections numbered thirty-six in each
township of the public lands ot the United States in said
State be, and the same is hereby, appropriated in support of
common schools, to be disposed of by the Legislature of said
State of Wisconsin, in accordance with the provisions of
said constitution ; and the President of the United States is
hereby directed immediately to withdraw from sale the said
sections numbered thirty-six, in order that they mnv be ap-
propriated as aforesaid: Provided, That all lands"sold or
reserved under any act ofCongtess, or in relation to winch
any pieemption rights, inchoate or perfect, shall have been
acquired prior to the time when the same shall be with-
drawn from market, shall be excepted from this grant."
Mr. R. briefly explained the purport of his
amendment. Its object was toj>romote common
school education, and he offered it the more heartily
because there were schemes here in regard to the
public lands which he thought would be injurious.
He should be glad if the House would §0 even
beyond this proposition, and make pruviston for
the blind, the deaf and dumb, and the insane.
Mr. VINTON (having moved an amendment,
to give him the opportunity) said no gentleman
here would be more willing than he was to,ap-
propriate large amounts of land for the promotion
of education, but the plan of the gentleman from
Connecticut would not be satisfactory, inasmuch
as it was unequal. Why, he asked, make this
provision for Wisconsin, and deny the same to
Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and other States? It was a
grave question, and should not be acted upon here
without having passed through an examination by
a committee.
Some further conversation ensued, in which
Messrs. ROCKWELL, VINTON, and JOHN-
SON, of Arkansas, took part
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, then ob-
jected to the amendment as irrelevant, and there-
fore out of order.
The CHAIR sustained the objection.
Mr. ROCKWELL appealed from the decision
of the Chair, but it was sustained by the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to strike out the
second section. Lost.
The third section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jindbe It further enacted, That the purchaser of
any tract of the saideven-numbeied sections mtwtiOiied in
the precedini?section,atid sold since the ret-ei vation thereof,
at the minimum price of twodollai* and fifty cents per acie,
shall be entitled to receive from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office a certificate of the quantity of land so
purchased and of the amount of the excess paid therefor,
over and above the value of said land, at the rate of one
dollar and twenty-five cenu, pei acre, which certificate, to
the amount of such excess, shall be receivable from the
holdtr thereof or his assigns, in like manner as so much
money, in payment of the pulihc lands of the United States.
That/in the event of the death of any such puichaser be-
fore the issuing of such certificate, the same shall be issued
in favor of the lawful representatives ot such purchaser.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
strike it out. Lost.
The remaining sections were read and passed
without amendment; and on the motion of Mr.
SMITH, of Indiana, the committee rose and re-
ported the bill and the amendments to the House.
Mr. SMITH moved the previous question, and
it was seconded, and the mam question ordered to
be now put.
The first amendment of the Committee, of the
Whole, fixing the St. Croix as the boundary of
the State, was concurred in.
The question was then stated to be on concur-
ring with the second amendment of the Committee
of the Whole, viz: the amendment to the second
48
section submitted by Mr. Collamer; on which
the yeas and nays were called for, and ordered.
Mr. STANTON moved an adjournment.
Mr. STEPHENS, by general concurrence, offer-
ed a resolution for an adjournment to Monday
next, to permit of the removal of the carpets. Re- :
jected. i
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday., May 10, 1848.
Mr. GREENE presented a petition from numer-
ous citizens of Newport, Rhode Island, in favor
of the purchase of Mount Vernon by the General
Government; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from the
citizens of Charnplain district, New York, asking ;
the removal of the port of entry from Plattsburg
to Rouse's Point; which was referred to the Com- '
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from the widow ;
and daughter of Charles Newbold, asking remu- !
neration for the invention of the cast iron plough i
invented and perfected by Charles Newbold at j
great expense and loss.
" Also, from numerous citizens of the United
i States, asking that the widow and daughter of said
i Newbold may receive relief from Congress. AH
these petitions were referred to the Committee on
Patents.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
i> Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
i tee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
i1 Nehemiah Brush, accompanied by a report. The
bill was read a fust time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to William Pittman, accompanied by a report.
The bill was read a first time.
Also, from the same committee, the following ,
House bills without amendment: 1
An act for the relief of Joel Thatcher; |
An act for the relief of John itnight; j
An act for the relief of Benjamin Reefsnyder; !
An act for the relief of William Paddy; ;
An act for the relief of Israel Bayless; j
An act for the relief of Arthur Wilson; !
An act for the relief of Benjamin G. Perkins; j
An act for the relief of Beriah Wright;
An act for the relief of John Savage. ;
Mr. JOHNSON moved, in compliance with in- .
structions from the same committee, that Friday ;
next be set apart for the. consideration of private
bills on the calendar. The motion was agreed to. >
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post !
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab- j
lishing a post route from New River post office, on the east ;
bank of the Mississippi liver, to Gatestovvn, 111 the State of I
Louisiana. !
Mr. WESTCOTT asked the indulgence of the i
Senate to take up the bill for the relief of bona fide :
settlers under the act for the armed occupation of
Florida; which motion having been agreed to, the
bill was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments reported by the committee were
agreed to. The bill was further amended, on mo- I
tion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, and, by unanimous
consent, was read a third time and passed. |
LABOR, AGRICULTURE, MANUFACTURES. '
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he desired to mtro- '
duce a resolution with a view to obtain certain !
statistical information through the medium of the .
Patent Office, which he thought would be invalu-
able to the country. He did not desire the consid-
eration at present, but would content himself with 1
moving that the resolution be printed.and he should
then take occasion to call it up at some convenient
season.
Mr. U. then submitted the following joint reso-
lution, which was read a first time, and ordered to '
be printed: :
Resolved, #<?•, That the Commissioner of Patents he, and !
he U hereby, directed to report annually the billing prices i
i of the agricultural products of the several States of the Unidfi
upon the farm or plantation, and at the market town or city
nearest to the produce; and also the price of labor, by the
day or the month and the year, in each State or division of
a £tate, where prices materially vary in different parts of
the same State.
Resolved, farther, That said Commissioner also report
' annually the number and description of manufacturing es-
tablishments in the United States in which the capital in-
J ve«ted exceeds # : the amount and quality of goods
| manufactured at each; the selling prices at the manufac-
; torie«; the prices paid for labor to the hands engaged in the
j manufactories, and the places where the manufactories are
! situated.
j Resolved, further, That it shall he the duty of the several
' deputy postmasters in the United States to answer all such
i inquiries as may be submitted to them by the Commissioner
! of Patents, and give such information a*s they may be able
to obtain touching the subjects embraced in the foregoing
resolution.
APPOINTMENTS WITHHELD FROM SENATE,
j The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
j Johnson, of Maryland, came up for considera-
; tion:
j Resolved, That the President of the United States is re-
; quested to inform the Senate whether any officers are now
: in the mihtarv or civil service of the United States, under
i appointments fiom the President, which have not been suh-
i mitted to the Senate; and, if there be any such appoint-
t ments, that; he ttate the date of such appointments, and why
! it is that it has not been in the powei .of the President to
, submit them to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said, when lie
submitted this resolution, he had not the least ex-
pectation that it would lead to debate. Nor did
he expect that he should be called on to censure
in advance the conduct of the President. But as
' he had heard reports concerning the appointment
; of certain officers, which had caused some disap-
1 probation, he had thought it right to give the Pres-
• ident an oppoitunity to set himself right. He had
ij worded the resolution so as to exclude everything
jj which could give offence. He had heard friends of
ij the President express a desire that he should be
permitted an opportunity to show that he had
j' acted correctly. Supposing that he was actuated
j by no improper Vnotive, but that the delay had
I heen brought about by circumstances not foreseen,
i he wished that the President should show the facts
j in justification of the delay. If he (Mr. J.) had
| anticipated this debate, he could never have im-
j agined such a course of argument, such an ex-
1 pression of startling doctrines, as had been heard
! from the Senator from Ohio. We had been asked,
! looking at the constitutional grant of power to the
, President, whether the Senate had any right to ask
' what nominations were to be sent for the confirm-
ation of this body. Yesterday he had modified
the resolution so as to omit the call for the reasons
: of the delay. But still the Senator from Ohio was
j not satisfied. The resolution was still resisted—
: partly as unconstitutional, partly as irregular and
1 unprecedented. We then had a discussion from
; the Senator from Ohio of the constitutional power
i in the hands of the Executive; and to show, that
| under our system, the tendencies to usurpation and
j abuse are greater in the hands of the many than of
; the few.
! Mr. ALLEN explained that he alluded to the
: Senate, where the danger of usurpation of power
i was greater than with the President.
' Mr. JOHNSON resumed. The danger in the
, Senate was greater because it was composed of
: many, and was further removed from the people
^ than the President. He asked what there was in
the elector of the President to make him more re-
; sponsible than the Senate. Was it not understood
: that the elector in both cases had the whole Union
1 in his view, and not any particular individual or
j interest? South Carolina had changed her mode
j of election, and many of the other States had made
changes in their mode of election.' Some elect by
the people, others by the Legislatures, as repre-
sentatives of their various portions of the country.
1 He would like to know an instance of an usurp-
• ation of the Senate. ., „ i
Mr. ALLEN said he would refer to the resolu-
■ tion condemning the conduct of General Jackson,
which the people had Yebiiked.
Mr. JOHNSON said this proved the overshad-
! o\vin<  influence and power of a President of the
' United States; that he can control the popular will,
