1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
river " ahaJi be offered for saie at tbe same minimum price,
and Subject to tlie same rights of preemption, as other public
lands of the United States: Provided, however. That no per-
son snail be entitled to a preemption by reason of tiie settle-
ment and cultivation^" any quarter-section or other subdivis-
ion of said even-numoered sections, which tract, before the
commencement of such settlement,' shall have been claim-
ed by any other person cultivating and improving tlie same
in good faith, and which sJiah have continued to be claimed,
cultivated, and improved in like good iaith by such person,
iiH representatives or assigns, until the saie of tfaid tiact, and
of which said prior claim, cultivation, and improvement, the
person so claiming preemption shall have had notice at the
time of his entry and settlement. Neither shall any pre-
emption be allowed to any trace to the injury of any person,
or of the representatives or assigns of any person claiming
*nd occupying the same, or any part thereof, in good faith,
in ins or her right at the passage of this act, :uid owning val-
uable cultivation or improvements thereon, which cultiva-
tion or improvement'? shall have been assigned by the person
so claiming preemption, or, if commenced subsequently to
the entry and settlement of such pei on, shall have been
made with his consent or acquiescence.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the purchase of any
tract of the said even-numbered sections mentioned in the
preceding section, and sold since the reservation thereof, at
Che minimum price of two dollars and fifty cents per acre,
shall be entitled to receive from the Commissioner ot the
General Land Office a certificate of the quantity of land so
purchased and of the amount of the excess paid therefor
over and above the value of said land, at the. rate of one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; which cemficate, to
the amount of such excess, shall be receivable tjom tlie
holder thereof, or his assigns, in like manner as so much
money, m payment ofthe public lands of the United States.
That,"in the event ot the death of any such purchaser before
the issuing ot such certificate, the same shall be i.--sued in
favor of the lawlul representatives of such purchaser.
Sec. 4. And be tt further enacted, That the judge of tlie
district court for the district of Wisconsin shall hold a term
•of said court in each year at the s^at of government, to com-
mence on the first Monday of July, and another term of
said court in each year at Mihvaukie, to commence on tlie
first Monday of ianuaiy. He shall also have power to hold
special terms for the trial of causes, and tor the determina-
tion of all suits or proceedings in said courts, at either of ]
the aforesaid places, at his discretion, a^ the nature and thi.' i
amount of the bti&incri.s may require. The said court shall
be open at all times for the purpose of hearing and deriding
cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, so far as the
same can be done without a jury. Tne records and papers
of said court may he kept at either of tne place* heietn des-
ignated for the holding of said court, as the judge in his dis-
cretion shalt direct.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the clerks of the
district courts of the Terntoiy of Wisconsin shall, before
their term of office expires, certify, under .seal, and transmit
to the clerk of said court, ail leeords ot all unsatisfied judg-
ments and of suits pending in said courts respectively,
attaching thereto all papers connected therewith, in all cases
arising under the laws or Constitution of the United States,
or to which the United States shall be a party; and they
shall forward the same to the clerk of said district couit of
the State of Wisconsin, who shall enter the same in his
docket, and the said district court shall proceed therein to
final judgment and execution, as if such suits or proceed-
ings had originally been brought in said court.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the
supreme court of the Territory of Wisconsin shall deliver
over to the clerk of said distnctcourt all record* and papers
in the office of the clerk of the said supreme court relating
to proceedings in bankruptcy under the late bankrupt law or
the United States. He t-hall also certify under sea!, and de-
liver to said cleik, all recouls of judgments and of proceed-
ings in suits pending, and all papers connected therewith,
iu'eases aiisiiig under the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States. .
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the
fourth day of Maich, eighteen handled and forty-nine, and
until another census and apportionment shall be made, tiie
State of Wisconsin shall be entitled to three Representatives
in tiie Congress of the United States.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed. He stated to the
House that he had made this motion for the pur-
pose of obtaining an opportunity to say a few-
words in relation to a point raised in the course of
the debate on this bill, which he would now pro-
ceed to make, if in order. The point in the case
to which he referred arose on the amendment that
was submitted by the gentleman from Vermont
{Mr. Collamer] in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and which was afterwards
renewed in the House, in relation to the question
whether the reserved sections, which, by some
bills heretofore passed, by which an appropriation
of land had been made to Wisconsin, had been
enhanced in value, should be reduced to the mint-
mum price of the public lands. The question of
the reduction in value of those sections was to him,
at this time, a matter very nearly of indifference.
He was inclined to desire that Wisconsin should
be obliged by having it reduccd. But the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith,] the chair-
man ofthe Committee on the Territories, yesterday
associated that question with the general ques-
tion, which is now to some extent agitated in
Congress, of making appropriations of alternate
sections of land to aid the States in making inter-
nal improvements, and enhancing the price of the
sections reserved; and the gentleman from Indiana
took ground against that policy. He did not make
any special argument in favor of Wisconsin; but
he took ground generally against tlie policy of
giving alternate sections of land, and enhancing the
piice ofj;he reserved sections. Now he (Mr. L.)
did not, at this time, take the floor for the purpose
of attempting to make an argument on the general
subject. He rose simply to protest against the
doctrine which the gentleman from Indiana had
avowed in the course of what he (Mr. L.) could
not but consider an unsound argument.
It might, however, be true, for anything he
knew, that the gentleman from Indiana might con-
vince him that his argument was sound; but he
(Mr. L.) feared that gentleman would not be able
to convince a majority in Congress that it was
sound. It was true, the question appeared in a dif-
ferent aspeet to persons in consequence of a differ-
ence ill the point from which they looked at it. It
did not look to persons residing east of the moun-
tains as it did to those who lived among the public
lands. But, for his part, he would state that if
Congress would make a donation of alternate sec-
tions of public land for the purpose of internal im-
provements in his State, and forbid the reserved
sections being sold at $1 25, he should be glad to
see the appropriation made; though he should pre-
fer it if the reserved sections were not enhanced in
price. He repeated, he should be glad to have
such appropriations made, even though the reserv-
ed sections should be enhanced ip price. He did
not wish to be understood,as concurring in any in-
timation that they would refuse to receive such an
appropriation of alternate sections of land becausc a
condition enhancing the price of the reserved sec-
tions should be attached thereto. He believed his
position would now be understood; if not, he feared
he should not be able to make himself understood.
But before he took his seat he would remark that
: the Senate, during the present session, had passed
; a bill making appropriations of land on that prin-
I ciple for the benefit of the State in which he re-
sided—the State of Illinois. The alternate sections
were to be given for the purpose of constructing
roads, and the reserved sections were to be en-
hanced in value in consequence. When that bill
came here for the action of this House—it had
been received and was now before the Committee
on Public Lands—he desired much to see it passed
as it was, if it could be put in no more favorable
form for the State of Illinois. When it should be4
before this House, if any member from a section
of the "Union in which these lands did not lie,
whose interest might be less than that which he
felt, should propose a reduction of the price of the
reserved sections to $1 25, he should be much
obliged; but he did not think it would be well for
those who came from the section of the Union in
which the lands lay to do so. He wished it, then,
to be understood that he did not join in the war-
fare against the principle which had engaged the ;
minds of some members ot Congress who were '
favorable to improvements in the western coun-
try.
There was a good deal of force, he admitted, in
what fell from the chairman of the Committee on
Territories. It might be that there was no precise
justice in raising the price of the reserved sections
to $2 50 per acre. It might be proper that the
price should be enhanced to some extent, though
not to double the usual price; but he should be glad
to have such an appropriation with the reserved
sections at £2 50; he should be better pleased to
hate the price of those sections at something less;
and he should be still better pleased to have them
without any enhancement at all.
There was one portion of the argument of the
gentleman from Indiana, tiie chairman of the Com- |
mittee on Territories, [Mr. Smith,] which he |
wished to take occasion to say that he did not !
view as unsound. He alluded to the statement i
that the General Government was interested m
these internal improvements being made, inasmuch
•i as they increased the value of the lands that were
unsold, and they enabled the Government to sell
lands which could not be sold without them. Thus,
then, the Government gained by internal impinge-
ments, as well as by the general good which the
people derived from them, and it might be, theie-
forc, that the lands should not be sold for more
than $1 50 instead of the price bein** doubled. lie,
however, merely mentioned this in passing, for he
only rose to state, as the principle of giving these
lands for the purposes which he had mentioned had
been laid hold of and considered favorably, and as
there were some gentlemen who had constitutional
scruples about giving money for these purposes,
who would not hesitate to give land, that he'was
not willing to have it undersood that he was one
of those who made war against that principle.
This was all he desired to say, and havingaccom-
plished the object with which he rose, he with-
drew his motion to reconsider.
postmasters' commissions.
Mr, BOCOCK called up a motion made by him
on the 18th ultimo to reconsider the vote by which
the House passed an act in amendment of an act
entitled " An act to amend the act entitled 'An act
to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use and
correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of fraud on the revenues of the Post
Office Department/ "passed the 3d of March, 1845.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion to reconsider; and at the same time an-
nounced that the bill had been obtained from the
Senate, and was consequently before the House.
Mr. BOCOCK then spoke in explanation of his
purpose, which more particularly referred to the
compensation by commissions of the postmasters,
and the mode of calculating those commissions,
which he contended were an inadequate remunera-
tion for the services rendered.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. Decided m the negative
by yeas and nays: Yeas 40, nays 115.
Mr. VINTON, at the request of Mr. Goggin",
withdrew the motion for the previous question.
Mr. GOGGIN made a statement of facts show-
ing the deficiency in the compensation of certain
clashes of deputy postmasters, and explained cer-
' tain amendments which he wished to offer to remedy
1 the obvious injustice under which these small offi-
i cers now labored; and in the course of his remarks
! yielded to Mr. Starkweather, who made a brief
statement bearing on the same point.
Mr. G., in compliance with his pledge, renewed
the demand for the previous question, which was
seconded, and the main question was ordered, be-
ing first on the motion to reconsider.
The question being taken, the vote was recon-
sidered.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill-
Mr. GOGGIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill had been ordered to be engrossed,
in order to enable him to offer the amendments
which he had indicated.
The motion to reconsider not beingjn order, as
comino* too late, after some conversation as to the
prope?mode of effecting what seemed to be a gen-
erally desired amendment, the bill was recommitted
for this purpose to the Committee on the Post
office and Post Roads.
revolutionary and other pensions.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on^he state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair.)
The committee took up the bill making appro-
priations for thepayment of revolutionary and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1849, which was under consider-
ation on the 12th of April last.
When the committee were last in session on this
bill. Mr. VixToar moved to amend the item " for
revolutionary pensions under the act of the 18th of
March, 1818, §4,122 57," by sinking out four thou-
sand and inserting "in addition to an unexpended
balance remaining in the treasury of £$3,877 43,
fourteen thousand;" so as to increase the appro-
priation from four to foui teen thousand one hundred
and twenty-two dollars and fifty-seven ccnts, m
addition to the unexpended balance.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, addressed
the committee. Moie than two months since (said
he) I colled the attention of the House to some very
l! serious errors in the report of the Secretary ot the
Si Treasury. They were of a character to require
ii either an acknowledgment of their correctness or
ii an explanation of theapparentdiscrepaneies. buch
an explanation was promised by-the ex-chairman
j; of the Committee of Ways and Means, but has not
been given. A month since, the official organ of
the Administration promised the neit (lay to gi\e
an official statement in relation to the charges which
I had made, but no such statement has been given.
Some letter-writers, apparently m the confidence
