1848.
THE CONGRESSIOHAL OL0BE.
whole amount of the exports and freights for the last six
months. The facts in this statement were ta£en from the
Commercial Shipping List, and are presumed to be substan-
tially correct.
" Tiijs astonishing decline in our exports does not afford
h veiy encouiagmg prospect for our tiade the coming y«ar.
The balance against us the present year will be large, prob-
ably from twenty to thirty millions. It is ascertained to
amount to twelve millions the first quarter."
It thus appears that in six months, in the arti-
cles of wheat, corn, flour, and meal, the exports
fell off $20,000,000 outof $22,000,000, and that the
freightson-the amount for the first period were more
than the entire value of the export of the last pe-
riod. All this was occurring at the very time when
these absurd calculations were made and presented
to Congress, and, although the details were not
known, the general fact of the great falling off of
the domestic exports was known to every one, and
it seems to be incredible that Mr "Walker, whose
position gave him the best means of knowledge,
should have been ignorant of the fact, that at the
very time when he was writing and sending in to
Congress these fallacious and deceptive calcula-
tions of the great increase of our exports, those
exports, instead of increasing, had fallen off in an
astonishing degree. The fact was contradicting
the theory, at the very moment when the theorist,
almost necessarily knowing the fact, was urging
his speculations, which were directly in conflict
with them.
I am greatly tempted by the ample materials
furnished by the report of the Secretary to bring
forward before a reflecting community the lucubra-
tions of the Secretary, which, if not so absurd as to
be ridiculous, would have called forth the severest
public censure for their injurious and disorgan-
izing tendency. This is, however, aside from my
present purpose; my present object being not to
assail Mr. Walker's principles or his estimates,
but to point out his mistakes upon his own princi-
ples, and to show the utter disorder and confusion
existing, as might be expected, in his depaitment.
So far from there being only occasionally an
error in these statements of the Treasury Depart-
ment, there is scarcely a correct statement of any-
one amount which is given in relation to these
treasury notes. I am rejoiced that the Committee
©n'Publie Expenditures have taken the matter in
hand. I trust that they will not intermit their ef-
forts until the subject shall be thoroughly investi-
gated by an actual examination of the books in the
treasury. The officers at the treasury have given
statements enough. No two agree, and no one of
them is entitled to the least confidence. If the com-
mittee require the aid of a clerk, the House should
at once grant it. The question is one of very se-
rious consequence, and the honor as well as inter-
est of the nation and of the head of the department
require that the real facts in this matter should be
ascertained and laid before the country. If this is
the state of the treasury, what an inducement is
held out for fraudulent agents and officers in all
parts of the country to embezzle the funds of the
Government. They will naturally suppose that
their small peculations will pass unnoticed in the
confusion of the finances.
I have had nothing to say on the estimates of the
Secretary or to the accruing revenue. Those esti-
mates may or may not be correct. The whole is
of course a matter of conjecture. The calculations
of the most sagacious are frequently disappointed,
while the most reckless person may sometimes
guess right. Whenever the enormous errors of
fact and figures of the Secretary's own report are
pointed out, the only answer is, that the Secretary
has, at all events, guessed right as to the future
means of the Government*
If the Secretary of the Treasury makes a mistake
of seven millions of dollars in stating the amount
actually received into the treasury during the first
quarter after he has received it, you are told by his
friends that, at all events, he can^gi ve a capital guess
"what will be received in the next three quarters.
When another mistake of a million and a half is
pointed out, it is at first denied that there is any
mistake, and then it is declared to be of very small
consequence, and we are given to understand that
the head of the department is so much occupied
in conjecturing about the future that he has not
time to inform himself or any one else of its pres-
ent condition.
It may not, Mr. Chairman, be inappropriate to
ask of those gentlemen in this House who voted
for the treasury-note substitute of the minority
of the Committee ofWays and Means to the war
bill of the majority, how it hasliappened that the
friendsof the Administration in the Senate preferred
the bill to the substitute—the loan to treasury
notes? At the instance of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the honorable gentlemen of the minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means were ex-
ceedingly earnest and impassioned on the sub-
ject.
It was, indeed, somewhat difficult for my hon-
orable friend from New York, [Mr. Nicoll,] with
all his ability and ingenuity, to show the import-
ance of a substitute which (as the amount autho-
rized to be outstanding under all acts was limited
to §20,000,000, and the amount at the time out-
standing was $19,500,000) could only authorize
an issue at the time of half a million of dollars
in treasury notes, and when the only mode of in-
creasing the issues of treasury notes was by other
notes being exchanged for stock of the very char-
acter provided to be issued under the loan bill.
That honorable gentleman made the most ingenious
and plausible defence in his power; but, with most
of the friends of the Administration in the House
of Representatives, it seemed to be enough that the
plan was the project of the great financier at the
head of the Treasury. The majority in this House
were charged with a design to embarrass the Ad-
ministration in carrying on this beautiful war with
Mexico. The "organ" gave the pitch, and all
the smaller instruments sent forth their discordant
notes. Barnburners and Hunkers, the " Hards"
and the "Softs," the "Chivalry" and Wilmot
Proviso men found one subject on which all could
agree, and that was the denunciation of the factions
spirit of the " Mexican Whigs," as the courteous
editor of the " Union" calls his political opponents.
The cautious, able, and prudent chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was considered
as the " chief traitor," and the confiding Democrats
in the wilds of Maine and Iowa, on the Hudson
and the Columbia rivers, in all quarters of "our
free and happy country," have been led to look
upon my friend as a " monster" of a " most fright-
ful mien." The indignant responses-to the appeals
in this House, and unscrupulous attacks of the
official newspaper, are just seen returning from
the remote regions of the country., They must
be exceedingly agreeable to our friends oji the other
side of the House.
It is a notorious fact that there are but very few
gentlemen jn this House who have any confidence
whatever in the practical skill and wisdom of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and yet he seems to
change them about with the utmost ease. He
recommends a substitute of treasury notes for a
loan, and consents to such restrictions as to rea-
der it nugatory. The venerable ex-chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. McKay]
introduces the measure with due solemnity: it re-
ceives every Democratic vote in the House, but is
lost. When it reaches the Senate, the friends of
the Administration, and Mr. Walker himself, do
not think the loan bill so bad a bill after all. The
measure of treasury notes, which the Secretary
thought so vital, he now entirely abandons. The
Committee of Finance of the Senate, in accord-
ance with his views, as will not be denied, report
back the very loan bill which this House had
passed, amid the denunciations of the leaders of the
Administration, and a Democratic Senate passes
it without a murmur. These changes, sir, come
easier from their frequency. The President has
accustomed his friends to these sudden and unex-
pected movements; and I must do them the credit
to say that they are far more patient and submis-
sive than on some former occasions.
Mr. STRONG rose to make an inquiry in re-
gard to a matter which had perplexed him some-
what. The bill, in the first paragraph, provides
the pay for revolutionary pensioners under the act
of 1818, and so on; provision was made for other
classes; but there was nothing for the payment of
that large class of pensioners under the act of the
7th of June, 1832. More than 4,000 pension cer-
ficates were granted under that act. There was
probably a larger number of these certificates out-
standing than of those under the act of 1818. He
asked the chairman to make some explanation that
might satisfy his mind with reference to this appa-
rent omission in the items of the bill.
Mr. VINTON. The appropriations in the bill
were based on the estimates from the office of the
Secretary of War. The act of 1832 made its own
appropriation. He read the estimates for this pur-
pose from a paper before him.
Mr. SAWYER next rose, but he said he did
not propose to make a speech on the subject now
before the committee. They had heard Buncombe
speeches enough, while the important business of
the session remained unfinished. He thought the
majority should turn its attention to the business
of the House, and when they had got through that,
let them adjourn, or, if there was any time left,
they might* then go to work, and make Buncombe
speeches. [Laughter.] The bill before .the com-
mittee was a bill to provide for the payment of
pensions due to the old soldiers who had faithfully
served their country, and while that was under
consideration, the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Rockwell] got up, and made a tirade against
the Secretary of the Treasury. He presumed there
was no person in that Hall who thought it neces-
sary to reply to that tirade. The Secretary of the
Treasury stood so high above the reach of these
little squibs that his reputation as a man and as a
financier was not to be prejudiced by any of these
little innuendoes and insinuations. The Secretary
of the Treasury stood perfectly secure above them
all, and not one of his friends on this floor would
consider it necessary to say one word in reply
and in vindication of his conduct or his talent.
And he might say also that the attacks which
had been made on the President of the United
States, charging him with dereliction of duty, and
a premeditated determination to involve the coun-
try in a war with Mexico, and with pursuing a
course that was in opposition to the interests of
the country, deserved no reply. There were gen-
tlemen there who had taken a peculiar interest in
examining the orders for the marching of our
troops on the Rio Grande, to see whether the-date
of this order coincided with the occurrence of this
or that fact, for the purpose of ascertaining if they
could not, by some means, bring the Executive
into disrepute. He would say to those gentlemen
that the time would come, and there would pass
away but a few years first, when the people of
these United States would look at these speeches,
delivered on this floor, condemning the acts of the
Executive, and remember the course those gentle-
men pursued, when their special pleading would
have been forgotten. When the war 'shall have
ceased, the special pleading of gentlemen would
not be permitted to be presented in bar of the ne-
cessary consequences of such conduct; for then,
without regarding such special pleadings, the peo-
ple would endeavor to learn who, when their coun-
try was engaged in a foreign war, were against
their own country, and took sides with the enemy.
This fact would rise up when the special pleading
of gentlemen about the recall of this minister and
the'issuing of this or that order would have been
forgotten, and they would not be able to escape
from the just indignation of the people. ^
He perccivcd that there was no desire on the
j part of the committee to debate the merits of this
I bill; all the speeches made upon it were made for
| Buncombe—that was the correct term, and he de-
i sired to give things their right names. He there-
! fore hoped the committee would rise and report
! the bill to the House. If no other gentleman de-
sired to make a speech, he should himself desist;
but if any other gentleman desired to make a
speech on the merits of this bill, he had no objec-
tions, and might himself indulge in a few remarks.
But he had sat here five months 
Mr. VINTON interposed and begged permission
to say to the gentleman from Ohio, that since this
bill had been reported to the House, the War De-
partment had sent in some additional estimates,
which would require some additions to be made
to the bill before the committee could rise and
report it to the House. But for this, he should be
glad if the committee should rise and report, at
once. ,
Mr. SAWYER understood that his colleague
[Mr. Vintok] was anxious to push forward the
: business of the House. In his position etscliair-
man of the Committee of Wavs and Means, he
(Mr. S.) must sav that his ^
I everything that any man could desire:him to do to
' push forward the business of legislation, but lie
i would remark that he had sat here for five mon'hs,
! and in that time he had not attempted to get the
floor for the purpose of making Bvneombe speeches,
i He had no need of such speeches in his district;
1 and he .believed, when the time should come to
