762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
-the people of Yucatan are divided, and that one
portion cannot sustain itself against the majority.
It is said that this is a war of races. This he de-
nied. It was an assumption not borne out by the
. documents which bad been laid on the tables of
Senators. An officer in the navy, Mr. McKenney,
estimates that about 120,000 Indians are engaged
in this war. Out of at least 500,000, which is the
miijiraum amount of the Indians, about one quar-
ter only is engaged in the war. Therefore it is not
a war of races. The mixed race, it is worthy of
remark, have all joined the Indians. What wrongs
have been committed to provoke the Indians to
this war? He called attention to the fact, that
these Indians took the field when their country was
invaded by Mexico, and defeated Ampudia. They
were therefore a brave people. They were then
promised a remission of the capitation tax, which
oppressed them severely. But this promise was
violated, and thus commenced the war
The Yucatanese, on the other hand, are repre-
sented as weak, cowardly, helpless. Our officers
seem thus to consider them in their letters. Part
of rhem deserted their army in the hour of need.
Instead of being a contest of races, one of our offi-
cers describes it as a war of parties. And we are
called on to assist in exterminating; these Indians,
. who, in the time of danger, drove back the. inva-
ders of their country. He thought it unjust to
charge upon these people that they are savages.
They have been admitted to all the political rights
of other citizens; they have a right to all the priv-
ileges which belong to the Yucatanese. They were
not wanderers, living by hunting, predatory, but
subsisted on the soil, made fruitful by their labor.
It is proposed to take temporary occupation of
this country. What was meant tfy temporary oc-
cupation ? We are told that it is intended to hold
occupation until Mexico shall be able and willing
to protect them. This was not likely to be the
case; and why should we not as well strike out of
these papers the word "temporary," and insert
"continuous and permanent" occupation ? The
people of Yucatan want us to protect them against
Mexico. This is what they want.
He was gratified that the Senator from Michi-
fan had discussed this question on the true ground,
t was a question of annexation. How was Tex-
as admitted ? She had for seven years maintained
herself m an independent position, and was there-
fore in a condition to enter into any arrangement \
for annexing herself to what country she pleased, j
That Yucatan was in a state of war with Mexi- j
co, he did not say; she perhaps held a neutral char- |
aeter. She had not been always consistent in her j
course, having at one time allied herself to Santa j
Anna. She is now in a state of rebellion against j
Mexico. |
He replied to some of the views of the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as to the glory we
had acquired by the war with Mexico—views which
he charged as having been thrown out without a
true conception of the genius and proper end of
our institutions. Glory and fame might be very
legitimate objects of pursuit in a monarchy, but
they ought to be considered in a republic, as sub-
ordinate to the convictions of men as to the true
interests of their country. What were all the wars
which had ravaged the world from the days of Alex-
ander, tn their progress and their results, compared
with the silent, wholesome, effectual operations of
peace? Let any one who had but now looked at
Austria, and had seen the mere volition of popular
will crumbling a throne into dust,contrast this with
the glories of war. He imploied the Senate to
pause before, under the name of a republic, it per-
petrated outrages which would,not only br*in  a
stain on its name, but a disgrace on its principles.
As to the fame acquired by our troops, who ever
doubted that our citizens would conduct themselves
bravely Hi a good cause?
The position, and power, and glory of England,
were held up to us to intimidate us into hasty ac-
tion on this question. He had looked over the
history ofEngland; he was familiar with her move-
ments, her greatness, her territorial aggrandize-
ment; but, whenever she contemplated any aggres-
sions, she always looked out for some specious
pretext in which she found something like a justi-
fication of her course. When England placed her
foot in India, it was because she interfered to help
the weak against the strong; and, like Rome,
wherever she once planted her foot, she never took
it up again. And what was the reply of England,
when she was remonstrated with by the oppressed
people?—we have given you firmer protection, a
better government, a greater extent of liberty than
you possessed before.
We are adopting a similar course, violating the
right of intervention, not permitting others to en-
joy the right of judging for themselves, so long as
they do not interfere with others.
It has been said that if we do not take posses-
sion of Yucatan some other government will. To
prevent this, we are to interfere. In the documents
or the letters there are some facts stated to show
that it is the intention of England to interfere. His
friend from South Carolina had stated that these
are not facts; that there is no ground for such
statements. They are -not facts; they are merely
suggestions—insinuations—certainly nothing like
facts. We had been told the same story in rela-
tion to Texas; yet it had been since admitted that
all this was mere humbug—diplomatic humbug.
When his friend from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
referred, a day or two ago, to a declaration made
by the Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] in a
speech at New Orleans, or somewhere on the Mis-
sissippi, in which he asserted that a little coquetry
had been practised, the Senator from Texas, it
is true, had disavowed it; but, in his explanation,
he had admitted that there was a little diplomatic
impudence played off.
it had been said that England had sent troops
into Yucatan, and that Spain had also taken part
in the contest. In that case, our interference may
result in bringing us in conflict with one or both
of these Powers. The Senator from Michigan (if
in his place) might say that these were the acts of.
colonies, and that the veritable Great Britain and
Spain had done nothing. But he believed that the
acts of the colonies would be sanctioned by the
mother country, and then the aspect would be
threatening.
As to the charge that Great Britain furnished
arms to the Indians, he stated, that it appeared in
the documents that these arms were freely offered
to the other side as well as the Indians. So it was
evident this supplying of arms was a mere trans-
action of trade.
On the subject of the declaration of Mr. Monroe
he made some remarks, to show th^it the views of !!
Mr. Polk, at the period when the Panama mission j
was under consideration, were not similar to what !
they are now represented by his friends to be. He :|
gave a brief history of the nominations of minis- !j
ters to Panama, and the debate to which they gave
rise. The object of that Congress was not to call '
ill bayonets and swords and military array, but to
wield only the moral power of united opinion. Yet
it was contended-that this Congress was a fearful
source of danger to our country; that we ought to
conform to the recommendation of thePather of his
Country to avoid entangling alliances; and the res-
olutions submitted in the House apprehended a
breach of our-neutral engagements with Spain and
other countries, and might involve us in the danger
of war. He quoted from the speech of Mr. Polk on
that occasion, to show that he was then opposed
to making common cause with the republics of the
South; and that self-preservation was the first law
of nature. Such was the language of the Presi-
dent when he opposed the Panama mission.
He expressed doubts as to the effect of this
measure on th^treaty now pending with Mexico.
Some who were opposed to the treaty would rather
rejoice at such a result as its violation would pro-
duce. An expedition to Yucatan, undertaken un-
der an invitation from her, in which she looks to
annexation with,the United States as a remunera-
tion, would be as likely to lead to war as was the !
annexation of Texas. We might thus, in addi- |
tion to a war with England and Spam, have a 1
renewed war with Mexico on our hands. He
reminded the Senate, that when the tieaty with
Mexico was received at Washington, the Yucatan I
commissioner presented a protest against any treaty 1
which did not include a protection for Yucatan. !
It is evident, therefore, that Yucatan feels a great j
interest m the defeat of the treaty with Mexico, !■
and will not hesitate to adopt a course which might .
lead to its defeat. h
He was disposed to do a great deal for humanity; !i
but he could not bring himself to sanction a meas- j|
urc of such doubtful and dangerous import as this 'I
| was now urged on the Senate. j
r™1*" obtained the floor; and ^
i he Senate adjourned, ij
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 12, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read ancf approved.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to reconsider the vote by
whieh the bill of the Seriate in amendment of an
act entitled " An act to amend the act entitled 'An
act to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use
and correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and
for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the
PostrOfkce Department,5" passed March 3, 1845,
was yesterday recommitted to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post.Roads. Agreed to.
The bill being now before the House, the ques-
tion was put on its passage, and it was decided in
the affirmative, and the bill returned to the Senate.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, by leave, introdQced a
biil, of which previous notice had been given, to
authorize and require certain illegal entries of the
public lands at the land office in Columbus, Mis-
sissippi, to be cancelled, and for other purposes.
Read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
of Connecticut, resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, on the private calendar, (Mr. Cabell,
of Florida, in the chair.)
The first bill on the calendar for the consideration
of the committee was the bill for settling the claim
of the legal representatives of Richard W. Meade,
deceased.
The debate was resumed by Mr. WOODWARD,
who was entitled to the floor, and was continued
by Messrs. LINCOLN, McLANE, and MAR-
YIN, each of whom were frequently interrupted
in their remarks for explanations.
At the heretofore appointed hour the fall of the
Chairman's hammer announced the close of the
debate.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked to be allowed the
privilege, under the rule, of closing the debate; and
after suggestions from various members, and a brief
explanation by Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, who re-
ported the bill, the amendment which was moved
some time since by Mr. Duer, to be added at the
end of the first section, was read, as follows:
" Provided, however, That the said officers shall not be
bound by, nor regard as evidence, the liquidation and settle-
ment o( said ciaim made by the Sparu&Ji Government."
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the words,44 nor regard
as evidence."
Mr. I. availed himself of the five minutes allowed
by the rules to explain his amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was lost.
Mr. Duer's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. ATKINSON then moved to amend the bill by
adding a preamble and an additional section requi-
ring the legal representatives to advertise in the two
principal newspapers of Washington, once a month
for six months, the act of Congress for their relief,
together with a notice requiring all persons claim-
ing to be principals or representatives of those for
whom said Meade acted as agent on account of
claims against Spain, included in the act, to appear
and prove their claims, and to receive the sums to
which they may be found to be entitled, abating
commissions for services of said Meade, under
agreement or arrangement with any of the parties;
or, in case of no agreement, such sum as th-e
accounting officers of the treasury may deem just
for the expense and trouble incurred by said Meade
and his legal representatives in the prosecution of
said claims; and no money due said Meade as
agent to be paid by the legal representatives be-
yond the commissions Meade would have been
entitled to as agent, &c.
Mr. A., under the five-minutes rule, explained
his amendment.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved to
amend the amendment by striking out all after the
enacting words of the amendment.
Mr. Ff., after making a few remarks strongly in
favor of the claim, withdrew his motion.
Mr. PUTNAM moved to amend Mr. Atkint-
son's amendment by striking out all thereof, and
inserting a section very nearly in substance the
same the amendment of Mr. A. It was rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, in order to test the sense
of the committee, he moved the following amend-
ment:
"Provided, That no money shall be paid out of the treas-
ury by vutue of this act.*'
