T64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
fiercely applied in the House. And when some
impracticables insisted on offensive measures—
when the tea and coffee tax was repudiated—the
or^an was required to play, discoursing not music,
but curses. Patronage was also wielded in favor
of those who yielded to the wishes of the Presi-
dent, aftd against those who resisted it.
He returned" to his resolution, the constitution-
ality of which he defended. He adverted to the
manner in which the Senator from Ohio had spo-
ken of the Suprejne Court. He asserted that it
was never intended to give the power of appoint-
ment to the President alone, but to the President
and Senate conjointly. In case of vacancies during
the recess, the President has the right to fill up—
and this is the extent of the power intended to be
conferred on him. He asked if, supposing the
practice of General Washington prevailed now,
and Mr. Polk waa seated in the Senate chair, or
by the side of it, and he were to put the question
ft* him, There is one Gideon J. Pillow, a mighty
man of war, who has overthrown armies by his
prowess, and who is forced to herald his own his-
tory because no one witnessed his achievements
but himself, is he a major general of the United
States? Now, he merely proposed to ask by res-
olution what, in the case referred to, he would
have orally asked. And had the President any
more right to be offended in the one case than he
would have had in the other? Why was not Gid-
eon 3\ Pillow sent in? Was it because the Presi-
dent knew he wouffi be rejected? There was
General duitman, too, a man of high sense of
honor, and who had been here, holding his com-
mission by the mere will of the President: why
had not his name been sent in ? Was it because
he was in bad company? There was also General
Cushing, who ia now a member of the court of
inquiry in Mexico: why had not his name been
sent in? He would suppose, for the sake of ar-
gument, that the nomination o.f this general had
been kept back, so that, by his present depend-
ence on the will of the President, he may be led to
act so as to prejudice the case of the gallant gen-
eral at the head of the army.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to post-
pone the further consideration of the resolution;
and as ao much time had been occupied on this
resolution, he moved to extend the order relative
to the private calendar so as to include to-morrow.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose, and expressed his de-
termination to oppose any such motion. It was
his intention to call up the Yucatan bill to-morrow.
The order appropriating this day for the consider-
ation of private business had been made while he
was absent, or he should have felt it his duty to
oppose it. When the Yucatan bill should be dis-
posed of, he would be ready to give a week to the
consideration of private bills. If there was any
disposition on either side of the Chamber to keep
the subject of Yucatan open, for the purpose of
playing at a game for political capital, he knew
nothing about it, he was not concerned in it. If
the Senator from Louisiana persisted in his mo-
tion, he should be compelled to ask for the yeas
and nays. He was for Yucatan, let others have
in view what objects they may.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said, with the
understanding that a week would be allowed for
the private calendar after the Yucatan bill was dis-
posed of, he would withdraw that part of his motion
which went to set apart to-morrow for that sub-
ject.
Mr. DOUGLAS begged to be understood, that
he was no party to any arrangement which would
give priority to the private bills for a week, or for
any particular period. There were some important
bills which he should ask the Senate to take up
whenever he had an opportunity.
Air. BADGER said, the Senator from Indiana
had said he was for Yucatan. Now, he (Mr. B.)
occupied a position directly the reverse. For rea-
sons which were obvious, he was against Yucatan.
He hoped the Senate would take up the private
calendar.
Mr. FOOTE said he was astonished to hear the
Senator from North Carolina express himself in
such extraordinary language. That Senator had
declared that he was against Yucatan. Now, he did
not believe that that honorable Senator intended it
to be understood that he had any hostile feelings
against Yucatan. Yet his language was liable to
that construction. He did not suppose there was
a single person here who did not deeply sympathize
with the people of that unhappy country; and he
presumed the Senator from North Carolina would
not be willing that his language should be made
the subject of misconstruction. He therefore had
thought it right to give that Senator an opportuni-
ty to explain.
Mr. BADGER said it must be obvious that he
only intended to be understood as saying that he
was against the Yucatan bill.
The question was about to be taken on the
motion of Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana, when—
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after a short time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 13, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr, BROWN, of Mississippi, by leave, pre-
vious notice having been given, introduced a bill
for the relief of theWest Feliciana Railroad Com-
pany. Read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS, by leave, presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky favorable
to Asa Whitney's plan of a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature con-
cerning the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Engra-
ving, to which was referred the subject of engra-
ving the chart of the proposed route of steamers
from San Francisco or Monterey, in California, to
Shanghae and Canton, in China, and the Sand-
wich Islands, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That one copy of the chart accompanying said
report be engraved for each number thereof ordered by the
House to be printed.
Mr. BURT moved to refer the report and reso-
lution to the Committee on Printing, with a view
to ascertain the expense of the engraving, &c.
Mr. CONGER opposed the motion to commit
to the Committee on-Printing, and suggested that
it be recommitted to the Committee on Engraving.
Mr. BARRINGER moved, to recommit the re-
port to the Committee on Engraving, with instruc-
tions to ascertain the cost of engraving the maps,
&c., and report the same to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
report on the tabic. Lost.
The question was then put on the motion to re-
commit, with instructions, and it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EDWARDS,
Resolved, That Charles Ewing, an invalid pensioner, have
leave to withdraw his petition and accompanying papers,
now on file in the Clerk's office of tins House.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, which was
read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, reqaested to inform this House of the cause of de-
lay in turiushing to the public printers the index and other
matter required to complete the annual report of that offi-
cer on commerce and navigation; and aUo when the same
will be furnished, so that .said printers can deliver said re-
port to tins House as ordered by it.
Mr. CONGER desired that the resolution might
be put upon its passage.
Objection b ing made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, asked leave
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the improvement ol the navigation of the Alleghany river,
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
PAYMENT FOR A SLAVE.
The House, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
of Connecticut, resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, on the private calendar, (Mr. Sims in
the chair.)
The first bill on the calendar was the bill for j
the relief of the legal representatives of Benjamin i
Hodges, deceased. It provides for the payment
for a slave conveyed from the United States by the
British fleet in the year 1814. The amount appro-
priated by the bill is two hundred and eighty dol-
lars, out of the fund (ifso much there be unapplied)
allotted by the British Government under the first
article of the treaty of Ghent.
After the bill had been read, Mr. TUCK rose
and addressed the committee in a speech of nearly
an hour's length in opposition to the bill, and on
the subject of slavery generally.
Mr. RHETT (who reported the bill) explained
the bill; and replied briefly to Mr. Tuck.
Messrs. BURT, CHAPMAN, YENABLE,
WOODWARD, and ATKINSON, also spoke
in reply to Mr. Tuck, and in support of the
bill.
[Mr WOODWARD said : The few observa-
tions I have to make, shall be restricted to the
principle of the bill.
There is a fallacious opinion prevalent of late,
that persons cannot be considered property. It is
assumed that there is a philosophical or meta-
physical incompatibility between the two things.
And the question is raised, is a slave property and
person? A precious piece of.metaphysics! The
framers of the Constitution meant to determine no
such question as this. At the formation of the
Constitution, slaves were property as a mere mat-
ter of fact; and were also persons as a matter of
fact. And the question then made was, whether
the Constitution should contemplate them in the one
character or the other, or both. This question of
legal contemplation was compromised. But how ?
Not upon any idea of incompatibility between per-
son and property, but upon an assumed compati-
bility. It was agreed, that to the extent that slaves
should be considered property, for the purpose of
apportioning direct taxes among the States; to the
same extent they should be considered persons, in
the apportionment of Representatives among the
States. The same three-fifths that are considered
property, are also considered persons. Nothing
is said of theremaining two-fifths. The two-fifths
are not considered either persons or property. The
three-fifths, both. The Constitution assumes the
perfect compatibility of the two things, person and
property; or else, three-fifths being made prop-
erty, the remaining two-fifths would have been re-
garded persons. Such a compromise as this would,
indeed, have recognized an incompatibility between
the two characters, and furnished some ground for
the reasoning of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire.
The gentleman says this bill ought not to pass,
because the Constitution does notrecognize slavery.
If he means, that th,e Constitution does not recog-
nize the principle of slavery, as moral and right, I
agree with him. The Constitution says nothing
on the subject. But if he says the Constitution
did not recognizc the fact of slavery, he makes a
most extraordinary assertion. What does the
Constitution mean by " a person bound to ser-
vice?" What better definition of a slave could
there be. than this? What does the Constitution
mean by " the party to whom such labor or ser-
vice is due?" What better definition of a master?
Whatdoes the Constitution intend, when it enjoins
upon every State to deliver up a fugitive bound
to service, to the party entitled to such service,
upon his own demand ? What stronger recogni-
tion could there be of the perfect right of the master
to property in the slave?]
Mr. ATKINSON moved to amend the bill by
inserting after the words, " the sum of §280 out of
the fund (if so much there be unapplied,") the
words " and not necessary to the discharge of
claims that were allowed by the commissioners
and yet unsatisfied."
The debate was then continued by Messrs.
COLLAMER and GIDDINGS. [The speech of
Mr. G., and others, will be found m the Appen-
dix.]
After Mr. GIDDINGS concluded—
The committee rose and reported progress.
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked leave to introduce a
joint resolution to amend the Constitution of the
United States.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. HUDSON: The memorial of the American Statia-
' tical Association in relation to the mode of taking the next
censu-i.
! By Mr. THOMPSON, of Towa: The petition of Samuel
Steele and sundry other citizens of Iowa, praying for the
.j establishment of a mail route from Ashland, via Sand Point
11 and Florie, to Bioomfield, in Davis county.
