768
Mr McLANE did not propose to rest the issue
on his own assertion. He referred to the lan-
guage of the act itself. What did the bill propose ?
Why, that every white male citizen of twenty-one
years of age should vote m this District, provided
he could bring proof to the authorities of his resi-
dence, If a person claiming to reside here have
property, the assessment book, it was provided,
should furnish proof; and if his name were not
found there, then he should prove that he had the
right to be assessed. Assessment was proof of
residence. In the State of Maryland, a residence
of srx months in any county was necessary to en-
able a person to vote, and without that qualifica-
tion he could not vote; and yet who would deny
that they had universal suffrage in the State of
Maryland? The person desiring to vote must prove
that his residence was in the State, and he must
do it by a prescribed form. This was provided to
guard against frauds. And, to the best of his judg-
ment, this bill provided universal suffrage for the
District of Columbia. Every man was entitled to
vote who had the qualifications which the people
themselves presciibed; and any resident here could
vote though he did not hold property to the value
of one dollar. And if it could be proved that a
man could vote without holding a farthing's worth
of property, was there, he asked, any property
qualification ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER said there was a pro-
vision in relation to a poll tax of one dollar per
annum. Now, suppose that tax were not levied,
and the person desiring to vote possessed no prop-
erty, would not such person be excluded from
voting?*
Mr.McLANE. Not at all.
Mr. STARKWEATHER read the clause to
which-he had referred, ana contended that the pojl
tax must be paid before the vote could be given.
Mr. McLANE proceeded to explain, to show
that the gentleman from New York was mistaken,
and that the rights of the people were carefully
preserved and protected.
Mr. COCKE moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The vote was decided in the affirmative: Yeas
74, nays 58, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Barrow, Bajly, Bedinger,
Belcher, Bla.-jchani, Bocock, Botts, Boydon, Biady, Wil-
Jiam G. Brown, Buckner, Butier, Cdbeii, Can by, Chapman,
Cocke, (Jollamer, Conger, Cranston, Dixon, Duer, Gainett
Duncan, Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Nathan Evans, Farrelly,
Fisher, Fiournoy, Gentry, Goggin, Grinrteil, Hale, fiiliiard,
Efias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R. Iugersoll, Thoinas B. King, Darnel P. King,
Win. T.Lawrcnee, McDowell, Mcllvaine, McLane, Marsh,
Marvin, Outlaw, Pendleton, Preston, Rhett, John A. Rock-
Well, Shemll, Sims, Simgerfand, Truman Smith, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Chailes E. Stuart, Strohm,, Talimadge,
Taylor, Thibodeaux, John B. Thompson, Tompkins, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Wairen, White, Wilson, arid Woodward
J-74. *
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Boyd, Bridges, Cath-
cait, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Collins. Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson, Ficklm,
Fries, Green, Willard P. Hall, Hamroons, Henley, Hill,
Geoige S. Houston, Charles J. Xngeraoll, Jenkm , Andrew
Johnson, Janw* H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George
W. Jones:. Kaufman, Lahin, La S6ie, Leffler, Lincoln,
Lumpkin, McKay, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse,
Mullin, Murphy, Palfrey, Phelps, Pilhbury, Richardson,
Jiichey, ftockhiH, Sawyer, Smart, Robert Sinuh, Stark-
weather, James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable,
Wentwortn, Wiley, Williams, and Wilmot—58.
So the motion was laid on the table.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF SPECIE, ETC.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, moved to
suspend the rules, to enable him to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to this Hou^e the aggregate amount of expoitsand
impoi ts duiing the three quarters of the years 1847 andl846
endmg the 31st March; also, showing the amount of specie
expoited and imported ; breadi-tufTs, viz: flour, wheat corn
and cornmpal, expoited dining <-at<! periods; showing'sepa-
lately the amount of each exported to and imported from
England.
Mr. VENABLE suggested to Mr. Stewart to
modify his resolution, by striking out the words,
" viz: flour, wheat, corn, and cornmeal," and in-
serting, "provisions of all kinds."
Mr. STEWART assenting, the resolution was
accordingly so modified.
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and there were ayes 80, noes 37.
Two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended, and the resolution received.
Messrs. VENABLE and MEADE having each
made suggestions to modify—
Mr. BAYLY said he wished to offer an amend-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15.
ment to the resolution. He desired to make the
resolution cover the whole year, |gd not three-
quarters only,
Mr. HUDSON said the fourth quarter was al-
ready reported, and would in a few days be on the
table.
Mr. BAYLY said he wanted to have it alto-
gether, so as to have the return presented to view
in one document.
Mr. STEWART said the resolution called for
the exports and imports of the fiscal year, and the
object was to contrast the last year's exports with
those of the present. Last year our exports of
breadstuffs was about §50,000,000, and we were
told by the Secretary of the Treasury that the ex-
ports of breadstuffs would increase and go on in-
creasing. He had now seen, however, a statement
in the newspapers of New York, showing that the
exports of flour and wheat to England this year
had not amounted to one-tenth part of the amount
of exports of the last year to England. The same
statement had appeared in the Union. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury had assured them that the
effect of free trade would be to increase the ex-
ports—not so rapidly hereafter to be sure—but still
that it would go on increasing. Well, how had
the exports of flour increased? Why, last year
2,500,000 barrels of flour were exported to Eng-
land, and this year the exports had not been more
than 207,000, being less than one-tenth. Now, if
that was the effect of the present tariff for the past,
what would be the diminution for the future under
the operation of the tariff of 1846?
Mr. STEPHENS suggested to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to modify his resolution so as to
include cotton.
Mr. STEWART said he had no objection. He
then proceeded to say that the Secretary of the
Treasury had told them that under this system of
free trade the increase in exports would go on until
they amounted to hundreds of millions of dollars;
but instead of an increase of exports, we had come
down to one-tenth of the exports of last year. At
the same rate of decrease, what, he asked, would
be our condition next year? Why, under the Sec-
retary's system, the exports would be nothing.
But since he was up, and seeing his colleague in
his place, there was another point on which he
wished to say a word. His colleague, [Mr. C. J.
Ingersoll,] some days since, when he (Mr. S.)
was not in his seat, introduced a proposition to
take off half the duty on iron, coal, woollen goods,
and cotton goods, and every species of manufac-
ture in which the people of his State were much
interested. The proposition was to reduce from
thirty to fifteen per cent, every species of manu-
facture, as well as every species of luxury, a prop-
osition which would seriously affect the revenue,
for it was from such goods the revenue was mainly
raised. That proposition, he supposed, was made
on consultation with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said there was no such
proposition made.' His proposition was, to take
off fifteen per cent, from the tariff on French silks
and jewelry.
IVir. STEWART insisted that the effect of such
a proposition, if agreed to, would be to reduce all
those things that came under the thirty per cent,
rates, such as iron, woollen and cotton goods, hats,
shoes, boots,&c., and to bring them down to fifteen
percent., and that, he supposed, was offered on
consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. J. C. INGERSOLL. I am my own mas-
ter.
Mr. STEWART said his colleague had been
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and did he not know that we had reciprocity trea-
ties with England and other nations, putting them
all on a footing with the most favored nation, and
that, if these reductions were made in relation to .
French goods, the effect would be to reduce the
duties on the same kind of goods of every other
nation? Did his colleague deny that such would
be the operation of our treaties, and that it would
not reduce the duty on cotton and woollen goods,
on iron and coal, shoes, boots, hats, as well as
every species of luxuries, thus reducing revenue
on the various articles from which our revenue was
mostly derived exactly one-half, at a time when
our expenditures were double our entire revenues
and at the same time give a mortal blow to our
national industry in every department?
Mr. INGERSOLL would simply say, that his
colleague was in a state of excitcrnent. He re-
commended his colleague to keep perfectly cool.
His resolution, to which his colleague had referred,
merely proposed that the Committee of Ways and
Means should he instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of certain reductions of duty; and of
course, as that was to be submitted to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, they would report as they
thought proper. On that committee, he was aware
when he offered the resolution, was the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who moved an amend-
ment to his resolution, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] who opposed it.
These gentlemen were leading members of a ma-
jority of the committee, which stood aix to three
on that subject. In their hands he presumed the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would deem the
matter save.
While he was on the floor, and to obviate the
necessity of his colleague questioning him again,
he wished to say that the resolution of his col-
league, for the introduction of which he had voted
to suspend the rules, was a good one; but he thought
his colleague was giving the worst reasons for its
adoption. The Secretary of the Treasury had in-
formed them that the duties this ye*r would ex-
ceed his estimates. They were now exceeding
$3! ,000,000, and if it had not been for the commo-
tion in which all Europe now was, they would not
only have exceeded $36,000,000, but would have
amounted to $38,000,000.
Mr. SAWYER rose to a question of order. The
resolution was a call on the department for infor-
mation, and, therefore, if objection was made, it
must go over under the rule.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Ohio that the resolution was before the House un-
der a suspension of the rules, and consequently his
objection was not well taken.
Mr. STEWART said his colleague did not deny
what had been said as to the ruinous effects of his
proposition upon the country, but seemed to think
the Committee of Ways and Means could prevent
it; but he would not press the matter at present.
! Mr. S. said he had not intended to engage in any
I debate on this subject. He had at first intended
to give a silent vote, and would have done so had
not objections been raised on the other side, and
he was willing now that the debate should stop.
He had, however, taken occasion to point out to
his colleague the effect which his proposition to the
House some time since would have had. He would
not now make any further remarks, and, as many
gentlemen seemed anxious to terminate the debate,
he would call for the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY (at whose request the motion for
the previous question was withdrawn) desired to
make a few remarks in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. In the first place, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania misstated, doubtless'unin-
tentionally, the position of the Secretary of the
Treasury on this subject. The Secretary of the
; Treasury never said that the exports of breadstuffs
this fiscal year would be greater than they were
the last fiscal year. The position which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury took was this, that under
the altered tariff there would be a progressive in-
crease in the exports of agricultural products; but
no one could have understood him as saying, that
the effect would be instantaneous. The statement
which the Secretary of the Treasury did make he
(Mr. B.) would maintain. He was prepared to
show at the proper time that it was correct. The
experience of the past year sustained the position
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and he (Mr. B.)
would assert, without the fear of error or success-
ful contradiction, that the exports of breadstuffs
and provisions from this country to Great Britain
had been larger this year than any preceding year
under a protective tariff. It was extraordinary
that it should be so, for they knew that the last
year was one of unprecedented productiveness in
Great Britain, and therefore such a result might
not have been expected. He reiterated the asser-
tion that the exports of breadstuffs and provisions
to Great Britain had been greater this year than
any year of a protective tariff.
Mr. STEWART. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BAYLY was notmistaken. He would not,
however, argue the question now. He should
have an occasion to do so hereafter; and he gave
notice that he should point out numerous errors
and fallacies of a printed speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, to which his attention had
