1848.
em
.1.21
bein®- engrossed  it was read a.third time, passed,
and sent'to the Senate for concurrency.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Philip J. Fontaine. Read and
committed.
Also, from the same .committee, to which was
referred Senate bills authorizing the repair of the
dam at the head of Cumberland island, in the
Ohio river, reported the same back to the House,
with amendments. Committed.
Also, from the' same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill extending privileges to Amer-
ican vessels engaged in a certain mentioned trade,
and for other purposes, reported the same back to
* the House, with amendments.
The amendments were read and agreed to; the
bill was read a third time, passed, and returned to
the Senate. .
Mr. HUNT, from the same committee, reported
i-biif making appropriations for certain marine
hospitals therein named. Read and committed. '
- Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, from the
«ame committee, reported a bill making appropri-
ation for certain rivers and harbors, and for the
survey of certain other rivers and' harbors. Read
and committed.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the Committee on Public
-Lands, made an adverse report on the petition of
Evander M. Soper and others. Laid on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
to which was referred Senate bill to require the
holders'of military land warrants to compensate
the land'ofRcers of the United States for services
iiVrefation'to the location of those warrants, report-
ed the same back to the House, without amend-
ment."
The bill was then read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
• Mr. pUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a bill to settle the title to cer-
tain tracts of land in the State of Arkansas, and a
bill to authorize the location of certain adjudicated
cTaimsm.the State of Arkansas, commonly known
a^J^ovely,donation claims; which bills were read
' ada'cqmrf^tted.v _ _ ; . .
. Alsoy from'the^samf^ committee,.reported a bill
extending to Jolin WjiUsetj^s heirs the privilege-of
purchasing a ^uarter section of Jand which was
gpveri"to him"'b'y an act approved March 2, 1839;
-which biirwas 'react a first and second time an<J
ordered to'Tbe'engrossefr, and .'being engrossed, was
r£a& a' thfrd time, passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
Also*, from the same committee, made an ad-
verse Report on the petition.of'Archibald Laughrey,
deceased. Laid on the table.
Mr. COBT^ of Alabama, frorft the same eommit-
tee^reported a bill to amend the act entitled " An
act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and to grant preemption rights," ap-
proved September 4, 1841. The bill was read a
first' artd ^second time", when Mr. C. moved that the
bifl ^e now put upon its passage.
Mr. TOMPKINS explained the bill, and stren-
uously ur ed its immediate passage.
Mr. CONGrER mo'ved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Mississippi, moved the
previous question, which was seconded, and under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed, and was engrossed, read a third time,
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. COBB,' also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Alfred R. Ran-
dolph. Laid" on the tabled
Mr. EMBREE, by general consent, offered a
preamble and resolution; which were agreed to.
"^The preamble sets forth that Congress granted
to.the State of Indiana the reserved township in
Gibson county, in said State, for the use of a uni-
versity of learning, which deprived the people of
said township of the sixteenth section for school
purposes,and to remedy which, Congress granted
other lands in lieu of said sixteenth section, and
that the said other lands were selected by James
Smith, of said county: that Smith made his report
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and which report and selection were not approved
because the minimum price of the selected jand
was two dollars per acre; that since the selection
was made, parts of the land have been sold, &c.;
afid forthe purpose of giving time for a special act
re{£tj0n to the unsold selected land,
the Commissioner has reserved the same from sale;
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of passing a special act nuthotizm«said
Commissioner of theGeneial Lam! Office to confirm said
repoit of said James Smith, and to authorize him to make a
further selection m lieu of said parts sold since said selec-
tion. & ,
Mr. GOGGIN, fronvthe Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported sundry amend-
ments to the post route bill. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred Senate bill to declare the true intent and
meaning, so far as respects the franking privilege
of members of Congress, of the actappioved the
first of March, one thousand eight hundred and j
forty-seven, and entitled " An act to amend the act I
entitled * An act to reduce the rates of postage, to i
limit the use and correct the abuse of the franking
privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the
Post Office Department,* passed third of March,
eighteen hundred and forty-five," and for other
purposes, reported the same back to the House
with an amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred Senate bills for the relief of Nathaniel
Kuykendall, for the relief of Creed Taylor, and for
the relief of Joseph F. Caldwell, reported them
severally back to the House without amendment.
Committed.
Also, from the same, committee, to whom was
referred the letter of the Postmaster General, of
April 14, 1848, transmitting an abstract of offers
made for carrying the mail within the year prece-
ding July], 1847; a report of contracts for carrying
the mail withTm the year aforesaid; a statement of
the land and water mails within the time aforesaid;
a report of extra allowances made to contractors
within the aforesaid time; a statement of the cur-
tailmentsof mail service,&e.,withintheyearafore-
said; a report of fines and deductions from the pay
of contractors within the same time; asked that the
committee be discharged from the said abstract,
statement, &c., and that the same be laid on the
table; and that so much of said letter as relates to
extra allowances for mail service be printed; which
was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER*S TABLE.
The House, on motion of Mr. HOUSTON, of
Alabama, proceeded to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of Messrs. Hardin and Brewster,
late commissioners under the 17th article of the
Cherokee treaty of 1835-*36, called for by reso-'
lution of the House on the 26th ultimo. Read and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SENATE BILLS.
The following Senate bills were taken up, read
a first and second time, and referred to appropriate
committees:
A bill authorizing the payment of interest upon
the advances made by the State of Alabama, for
the use of the United States Government, in the
suppression of the Creek Indian hostilities of 1836
and 3837 in Alabama, and for other purposes;
A bill concerning school lands in the State of
Florida;
A bill respecting the public archives in the State
of Florida;
A bill for the relief of the bona fide settlers un-
der the acts for the armed occupation and settle-
ment of a part of the Territory of Florida;
A bill to authorize the district judge of the State
of Tennessee to hold special terms; and
A bill explanatory of the act entitled u An act to
raj§c for a limited time an additional military force,
and for other purposes," approved February 11,
1847.
BILLS PASSED.
The House proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House, which were disngrepd to by
the Senate, to the Senate bill in amendment of an
act entitled t( An act to amend the act entitled ' An
act to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the use
and correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and
for the prevention of fraud-on the revenues of the
Post Office Department,' " passed 3d March, 1845;
when—1
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN, the House agreed
to recede from the said amendments disagreed to
by the Senate.
And the bill was then returned to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of:Arkansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate bill explanatory
of the act entitled "An act to raise for limited
time an additional military force, and for other-pur-
poses," approved February Ji, 1847, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. Agreed to.
The bill was then^read at length. , * -
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, moved to am^rid th©
second section, by adding thereto the following
words: • •
Provided, That such promotion shall have taken place after
the original organization of the reyiment, company, or corps
to which the soldier or officer belonged. , ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the pre-
vious question, which was seconded; and, under I
tfie operation thereof, the amendment was agreed
to, and the bill read a third time, passed, and re-
turned to the Senate.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the bill making appro-
priations for tlie payment of revolutionary a,nd
other pensions, for the year ending June 30, 1849,
(Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the following amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones:]
That, upon the application of the widow of a revolution-
ary soldier for a pension, no further proof of the services of
the hushand shall be required of the widow, if hei husband
received a pension in his lifetime.
Which had been offered as an amendment to the
following amendment proposed by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] viz:
Sec.—. JJtid kerf further enacted, That no pensionfbrai-
le^ed disability either in the army, navv, niililia, or volun-
teeis, phall be'allowed, unless the application for the same
shall have been presented within the period of five yearj
from the lime the disability occurred.
Sec- —. Jlndbe it further cnacted, That in all ftiture ap
plications, either under the act entitled ''An act for the relief
I of certain smviving officers and soldier^ of the army of the
Rpvolution,"approved May 15,1833, or under the act entitled
"An act for the relief of certain surviving officers and sol-
diers of-the Revolution," approved June 7,-1832, the pay or
pension which may-be allowed under sa-d acts respectively,
or any other amendatory of the same, shall commence only
from the completion of the proof in each case, and not from
the time specified in said acts. - * '
gjjC. —„ jjnd he it further enacted, That'in no case shall
the widow, or child, or children, of a pensioner who may
under any law be entitled to a pension, or part of a pension,
receive more than at the iate allowed to the pen icmerin hia
lifetime-; nor shall the pension allowed be increased in any
case after the death of a pensioner, if the death shall have
been made known at the Pension Office.
Mr. McKAY inquired if the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee was-in order.
The CHAIR decided that it was not, and he
stated the ground of his decision to be the irrele-
vancy of the amendment to the proposition pro-
posed to be amended.
Mr. JONES appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
In elucidation of the question presented by the
appeal, explanatory remarks were made by Messrs.
JONES, DUER, COCKE, FICKLIN, and CUM-
MINS.
The vote was then taken by tellers, who an-
nounced 63 in the affirmative and 3 in the negative,
being less than a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN directed the roll to be called,
under the rule, after which the committee rose and
reported the names of the absentees to the House
to be entered on the Journal.
There being 163 members found to be present,
the House again resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and the vote
was again taken on the question " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" which wasdecided in the affirmative:
Ayes 74, noes 48.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised the point that
Mr. McKay's amendment was not in order. -
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
On appeal taken, thedecision of the Chair was
sustained by the committee. c,u<.
The question recurring on the first clause ot the
amendment of Mr. McKay— ,
Mr TOMPKINS moved an amendment to the
amendment, to add at the end thereof the JbUow-
1 in*7-:
u Provided That the application in ca?es of disability now
exisUna may be made within five years next afler the pas-
sage of this act."
The amendsieiit to the amendment was agreed
to.
