1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
to lay on the table. 1 shall do so not merely be-
cause I am in favor of the doctrines advanced in
the resolutions, but because I regard a different
course the most proper one. There" are several
different sets.of resolutions on this subject befoie
the Senate—one set offered by the Senator from
New. York, [Mr. Dickinson,] another set offered
by my colleague, [Mr. Yclee,] and those offered
by the Senator frdm Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] now
* before the Senate. The principles maintained in
them, that Congress or a Territorial Legislature
has no power to prohibit slavery in the Territories,
it is known 1 contend for "as true. But all the
phraseology of these resolutions does not precisely
suit me; for instance, 1 do not like the precise lan-
§uage of the conclusion of the last resolution of the
enator from New York, even as modified at the
suggestion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote.] It is ambiguous, not explicit enough,
euid it leaves the true position to deduction and
inference.
Again: the conclusion of the first resolution of
my colleague would be more acceptable to me, if,
ijsstead of asserting " that the people of the several
States" of the Confederacy are the depositaries of
the sovereignty of the people of a territory till their
own State government should be established, it
was modified so as to declare that the people of the
Territory were themselves the depositaries of their
own sovereignty, but that it could not be exercised
by them, being in abeyance and dormant, till their
own State government was organized; for this I
conceive to be the true theory. 1 hold the American
doctrine to be, that all political sovereignty is inhe-
rent ln'and springs from the people of the local
political community over whom such sovereignty
is to be exercised. They may be so situated as not
to be able to exercise it; but in this country no
other authority can, for the reason that it is inhe-
rent in them alone. This is the condition of the
people of a territory. As to Congress, it has no
more right to exercise such sovereignly than the
legislature of an adjoining or any other State. But
this digression is perhaps unnecessary. The slight
variance in opjnion between my colleague and my-
self on this collateral point is of little consequence,
and I cordially concur as to the correctness of the
principles so ably sustained by him as to the main
question involved in the resolutions. Asto the res-
olutions of the Senator from Alabama, now before
the Senate, I can vote for them cheerfully, but they
do not, I think, go far enough, or rather, are not
full enough. I hope all the resolutions will be re-
ferred to an appropriate committee, to report in
lieu of them others carefully drawn in such terms
that all who sustain the leading doctrines can vote
for eveiy word of them. It is difficult for an indi-
vidual Senator to draught a resolution that in its
terms will suit all. I hope the resolutions will not
be laid on the table, but will be referred for the ob-
ject suggested. My chief object, however, in rising,
..was to protest against this mode of making test
voffes.
Mr. BADGER, moved to lay the resolutions on
the table, but again withdrew it.
Mr. BAGBY said he was willing that the reso-
lutions should be passed over informally, in order
that they might be discussed.
Mr. BADGrER renewed his motion to lay them
on the table, stating, that while he intended no dis-
courtesy to any Senator, he could not again with-
draw his motion, his object being, as he already
declared, to prevent any discussion.
Mr. BAGBY asked for the yeas and nays, and
they, were ordered.
iThe question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Ben-
ton, Jireese, Bright, Cass, Clarke, Clayton, Dickinson, Dix,
Feleft, Foote, Greene, Hannegan, Johnson of Louisiana,
Miller, Moor, NiJes, Rtuk, cJturgeon, Underwood, and (Jp-
liam—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bagby, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi,
Hunter, Lewis, Mason, Turtiey, We&tcott, and Yulee—9.
On motion of Mr. YCJLEE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the bill to renew-certain
naval pensions for the term of five years, &c.;
which, after a brief debate, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and was subsequently read a third time,
by unanimous consent, and passed. *
Mr. ALLEN called the a'uention of the Senate
to^the resolution submitted by Mr. Johnson, of
Maryland, calling on the President for the names
of certain military officers withheld from the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Maryland not being pres-
ent, he would not then reply, but should give
notice that he would call yp the resolution during
the morning hour on Thursday next.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill authorising
the surrender of certain bonds held by the United
States to the State of Indiana.
The bill ^having been amended, was, after a brief
discussion, in which Messrs. BRIGHT, BREESE,
CLAYON, HANNEGAN, and others participa-
ted, orderedj,to be engrossed, and was subsequently
read a thiru time, by unanimous consent, and
passed.
CHARTER OF THE CITY OF WASHINGTON.
The bill from the House to alter and amend the
charter of Washington, having been read a first
and second time by its title—
Mr. MILLER urged upon the Senate imme-
diate action on the bill. It was the same in effect
that had been reported from the Committee for the
District of Columbia in the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN thought the bill should be referred.
He would venture to. say that very few Senators
present knew any thing about the bill, and he
should object to its consideration.
Mr. MILLER expressed the hope that the
Senator from Ohio would-not interpose any objec-
tion. This charter had been submitted to the
people of Washington, and fifteen hundred out of
nineteen hundred had voted for it. It had already
been passed on by the people, and as their annual
election came on the firat Monday of June next,
and the people were anxious to have it, he could
see no necessity for delay.
Mr. ALLE^ inquired if there was not a prop-
erty qualification in the bill?
Mr. MILLER replied that there was not; but
there was a clause which gave the power to collect
a poll-tax, to be appropriated exclusively to the
common-school fund.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. The
question was then put, " Shall the bill be read a
third time now
Mr. ATHERTON asked that the bill lie over
until to-morrow; which was agreed to.
Mr. HANNEGAN here called for the special or1
der, informing the Senate that the time had already
passed, it being then half-past one o'clock.
YUCATAN.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to enable the President of the United States
to take temporary military occupation of Yuca-
tan.
Mr. BAGBY, after laying down the proposition
that we are not bound to stand forth as the grand
almoner of the world, for the purpose of taking
charge of the suffering nations of the earth, went
on to state that an erroneous ground had been
taken ■\yhen it was asserted that the President had
recommended to Congress to interfere in the affairs
of Yucatan. The fact was, that h© had done
nothing more than lay before the Senate the in-
formation which had been communicated to him,
leaving it to the wisdom of Congress to take such
course as it may think best.
Mr. B. did not think that the doctrine contained
in the declaration of Mr. Monroe either sanctioned
or discountenanced this measure. He did not give
credit to Mr. Monroe or his Cabinet for the incep-
tion of the doctrine of that declaration. It was
suggested by the movements of the great Powers
of Europe, and the American minister at that time
in London was the first, months before this decla-
ration was made, to take his stand on the principle
here laid down. Mr. Canning desired rather to
pause, until he could discover the effect of the
measure of the Holy Alliance on the commercial
interests of Great Britain. Mr. Rush communi-
cated to our Government the course which Eng-
land was about to pursue. The policy of Mr.
Monroe he had always regarded as the true policy,
but it was not the fighting policy of our country.
It was only fitted for diplomaticaction. If any other
wution should desire to occupy Yucatan, and the
United States should also desire it, he did not think,
with the exception of a case which might involve
our self-preservation, that the United States would
be justified in carrying out to extreme results the
policy of Mr. Monroe's declaration. Considering
that nations, like individuals, had a perfect right
to make mutual contracts, he could not sustain the
principle of our right to interfere with any con-
tracts which might be made between Yucatan and
any other nation. - ' , * -
He had no. apprehensions as to any design on
the part of Great Britain to interpose in relation to
Yucatan. But he could hot shut his eyes to the
evidence which existed of the determination of
Great Britain to extend her territory and power in
every direction. And he thought that the present
position of things rendered it very proper tnat the
Government of the United States should take the
course indicated by this bill. The thing ought to
be done; and the only question with him was,
whether circumstances are auspicious to the doing
it at this moment, provided no great obstacles
stood in the way. In reference to the relief we
had extended to Ireland, he did not consider that
this case, or the case of Caraccas, had any bearing
on the present bill.
He admitted that this was a grave question, and
required great caution; but, after sufficient deliber-
ation, the time of action must come. It had been
said that the case of Yucatan was not one which
should induce us to send any troops there. He
did not see that there was anything in our rela-
tions with Mexico which could stand in the way.
If he was disposed to advocate this bill on the
ground of humanity, he would derive great aid
from our relations with Mexico: as we have dis-
abled Mexico from renderingassistance to Yucatan,
it becomes our imperative and indispensable duty
to do that which we have taken from her the power
to do.
His friend from Connecticut seemed to think
there might be projects behind this measure which
did not meet the view. It might be so; but he
was not informed of any such, and he could only
speak for himself. He voted for the treaty, not
because he approved its stipulations, but to give
Mexico one more opportunity to pause on the edge
of her destiny. He did not covet Mexican terri-
tory. He would not have a foot of it unlawfully.
He knew that it was the disposition ofhisfriend from
Michigan to keep the temple of Janus always open ,
but he was not one of the war inevitables. He did
not see the danger of any interference on the part
of Great Britain, because he did not think she was
now in a condition to interfere. He was in favor
of the measure,-because it was less likely to lead
to a war now than it would be on any future oc-
casion.
As to the great importance of Yucatan, he did
not agree with those who estimated it highly on
agricultural or political grounds. But he thought
we could never obtain her on better terms than at
piesent.
■ He went on to reply to the various arguments
which had been brought forsvard against the meas-
ure, and repeated that he was in favor of taking
possession of Yucatan, and of holding it so long as
our interests may render it expedient for us to do
so. He went, therefore, for the bill, even although
it may lead to the annexation of Yucatan to the
United States.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, as modified by the
proposition of Mr. Lewis, and it was decided in
the negative—ayes 5, noes 26.
Mr. D1X then moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the first section, and substituting a provis-
ion, il that the President be authorized to use the
army and navy of the United States to aid the peo-
ple of Yucatan, provided that the consent of the
Government thereof be obtained."
The vote was about to be put on the amendment
of Mr. Dix; when—
Mr. CLAYTON said he was as abxious as any
Senator present, even the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hannegan] included, that the subject should
be brought to a close; but it must be remarked that
the vote on the amendment just given showed that
there were more than twenty Senators absent, and
he submitted to the Senate whether they had not
better adjourn, with the understanding that the
rote should be taken to-morrow.
Mr. HANNEGAN expressed his extreme de-
sire to have the bill disposed of. He would yield
in the present instance, and suffer the bill to be
postponed; but, so far as he was concerned, he
J-ave notice that he should do all in his power to
press the subject to a consummation to-morrow,
alike regardless of importunities from either side of
the Chamber. . , ,
Mr. CLAYTON. Then let it be understood
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow.
