TT4
TIJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Tte^,rtBereonii3eTalTon ofWbTirwas then i' relief of E. B. Cogswell, and abifl for the relief of
And :he innate proceeded to the eon- !' Jesse Sutmn. Read and committed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, presented
^deration of Executive business, and, after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.!
Wednesday, May 17,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KAUFMAN, (by leave,) previous notice
having been given, introduced a joint resolution i
giving the consent of the Government of the United !
States to the State of Texas to extend her eastern
boundary so as to include within her limits one-
half of Sabine Pass, Sabine lake, and Sabine river
as far north as the thirty-second degree of north
latitude. Read, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. K. also presented resolutions .of the Legis-
lature of Texas, in relation to extending the juris-
diction'of said State over one-halt* of Sabine Pass,
Sabine lake, and Sabine river. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLM-ES, of New York, asked leave to
offer a resolution of instruction to the Committee
on Mileage to abolish the allowance of mileage to
members of Congress, and to allow a per diem and
travelling expenses in lieu thereof. It was objected
to, and therefore not received.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred Sen-
ate bill to provide a free communication across the
Eastern IJranch of the Potomac river, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the same back to the
House, with amendments. Committed.
Also, from the' same committee, a bill to provide
a communication across the Eastern Branch of the
river Potomac, in the restrict of Columbia. Read
and committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
Levi H. Corson, and for other purposes. Read
and committed.
Also, an adverse report on the petition of Wni.
Fuller. Laid on the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to offer a
resolution making the bill further to amend the
judicial system of the United States the special j
order for some day in June. The reception of the
resolution was objected to. i
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred Senate bill for the
relief of Reynolds May, reported the same back
to the House, without amendment. Committed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, repotted the fol-
io-wing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That 0. F, Mamee have leave to withdraw from
the files of the Hou?e the. papers presented hy him ; and ttmt
the ComiuR-ioner nf Pensions tie requested to transmit to
the Clerk tlie petition and papets in the case of Chanty
Freeman.
Mr. GAYLE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill to grant portions of
the pu'ilic lands to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad
Company, and for other purposes. Read and
committed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported bills for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Bnrtlett Hinds, and for the
relief of the heirs of Nehemiah Stokely. Read
and committed.
Mr. B. also made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Abram Brinker. Laid on the table
Mr. HOLMES, of New York , gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce a bill to change and
establish the compensation for mileage of Senators
and members of the House of Representatives of
the United States.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on
Indian Affaiis, made adverse reports on the joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana in rela-
tion to the Miami Indians, on the petitions of the
Catawba tribe of Indians, and of Joseph Keener
and others in behalf of the same. Laid on the
table.
Mr. BARRINGER also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred Senate bill fqr the
relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native of the Cherokee
nation, reported the same back to the House with-
out amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
! the petition of B. ^iarshall, Tuchahatehee, G. W.
| Stidham, and George Scott, delegates of the Creek
nation, for the' passage of a law for the adjust-
ment of their unsettled business. Referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolutions of the Legislature
of Florida for the appropriation of the St. Francis
barracks at St. Augustine, for the use of a semin-
ary of learning; from the.resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan in relation to the refunding' of
money advanced for the equipment of troops; and
also, from the petition of John Campbell & Co.,
of Pensacola,for paymentfor subsistence furnished
troops in the United States service; and they were
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the £5rther
consideration of the petition of officers of the Uni-
ted States army now on duty-in Mexico, for an
, increase of the price of rations; and from the peti-
I tion of George W. Crawford, for the payment of
j his account for supplies furnishedj &c.; and they
I "were laid on the table.
I Mr. FISHER, from the Committee on Military
I Affairs, made adverse reports on the petitions of
| John F. Staser and George £. Blake, administra-
tor. Laid on the table.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the House, appointed to con-
fer with a similar committee on the part of the
Senate, on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
of Congress on the bill to provide additional exa-
miners for the Patent Office, made a report which
recommended that the Senate recede from Us dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House, in
striking out the words in section 3, " that the
Commissioner of Patents is heieby authorized to
[ appoint," and inserting in lieu thereof " that there
\ shall be appointed in the manner aforesaid;''and
, that the House recede from its amendment to sec-
l' tion 1, striking out the words " twenty-five hun-
d/ed dollais,"and inserting " two thousand dol-
lars," and that the following pfoviso be added to
the first section of the bill:
" Provided, That the power to extend patents, now vested
in the bo<iid conmu&t.d of the Secretary ot State, Commis-
sioner of Patents, and Solicitor of the Treasury, by the jSth
scctton of the act approved July 4, 1833, respecting the Pat-
ent Office, sihaN hereafter be vested solely in the Commis-
sioner of Patents j and when an application i4- made to him
for the extension of a patent, aeeosd.ng t<> &aid i&th section,
and si\ty days notice given thereof, he shall relei the c-'ise
to the principal examiner h.ivtng chaige ol the class of in-
ventions to winch sasd case belongs, who shall make a full
report to said Commissioner ot the said ease, and'particu-
larly whether the invention or improvement secured m the
patent was now and patentable when patented; and there-
upon-the said Commissioner shall grant or refuse the exten-
sion of said patent, upon tne same punoiplus and rules that
have- governed said bo.ud, but no patent shall be extended
for a longer term than seven years."
Mr. McCLELLAND explained the action of
the Committee of Conference and the result of their
deliberations, in winch he concuried, except in
relation to the salaries of the Examiners of Patents.
The House, after full discussion, had decided that
$2,000 was an ample remuneration for the services
rendered. The Senate had so amended the bill as
to make the sum ^,500. But he felt bound to
resist the Senate's amendment, as the will of the
House had been expressed after mature delibera-
tion so unequivocally. It had been said that the
sum of $2,000 was an insufficient remuneration,
and that these examiners could make a larger sum
by leaving the office and becoming patent agents.
He admitted that science commanded moie when
it was free and independent than when it was em-
ployed by the General Government. A member
of the bar could make more than §3,000 or §5,000
per annum, and yet no State gave us judges more
than §1,500 or §2,000, and for such salaries good
judges were obtained. It was not the policy of
this Government to give extravagant salaries; and
whenever an officer lound he could make more out
of office than in, he could go out. He thought if
any change were requisite, it was in the number of
the Examiners. He was of opinion the number
was too small. There should be Examiners to
| examine specifications, and to give instructions to
J applicants, and to save the sacrifice of time and
• money to which applicants were now subjected by
i their detention in tins city, after which they were
too frequently obliged to return home without ac-
complishing their object, and to leave their business
in the hands of patent agents. The salary fixed
by the House, with the increase of the number of
Examiners, would be sufficient and proper. Why,
the heads of bureaus, the engineers in the military
service, topographical engineers, artillery officers,
and officers in the military and naval service',
where science, anti extensive information, and
much talent were required, received no more tharr
the Senate proposed to give to these Examiners of
Patents. He saw no reason to induce him to pro-
pose that the House should recede from the posi-
tion it had taken.
A conversation then ensued, in which Messrs,
FICKLIN, McCLELLAND, MARVIN, FAR-
RELLY, BARRINGER, and LAHM, took part.
Mr. CUMMINS' moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and under the operation
thereof, Che report of the Committee on Conference
was agreed to by yeas and nays: Yeas 92, nays
69.
NAVY PENSIONS, SLAVERY, ETC.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
st'ate of the Union, (Mr. King, of Massachusetts,
in the chair,) on the bill making appropriations for
the payment of navy pensions for the year ending
June 30, 2849.
Mr. DICKINSON, who was entitled to the
floor, rose and addressed the committee on the
general subject of slavery and of the WUmot pro-
viso. [Mr. D.'s speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.] „
The appointed time having arrived, the debate
the bill terminated.
Mr. WHITE offered an amendment as an ad-
ditional section to the "bill.
Mr. VINTON rose to a point of orderf and ob-
jected to the amendment as irrelevant to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the objection,and
decided the amendment not in order.
THE POST OFFICE BILL? SLAVERY, ETC.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
GOGGIN and VINTON; after which the bill
was laid aside to be reported to the House; and
the committee proceeded to consider the bill ma-
king appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June 30,
1849.
Mr. WOODWARD, referring by way of apolo-
gy for the remarks he was about to make to the
indulgence allowed to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Batlt,] in the latitude of debate which he
had taken yesterday, observed, that the gentle-
man had taken issue upon the abstract proposition
as to the power of Congress to legislate for the
Territories. Now, besides not being before the
House, there is no such direct issue before the'
country. I -grant there are questions before the
country which involve the discussion of that prop-
osition. There exists a case to which the Jaw is
to be applied; but the case, and not the law, is the
issue. The Wilmot proviso is not the true issue.
I cannot consent that the particular slip of paper in-
troduced here by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is the issue; but the principle and the purpose of
that measure—whatever means might be used to
carry them out—are what concern-me. I am indif-
ferent whether you bleed me to death with a spring
lancet or a thumb lancet—whether you destroy my
life with a bowie-knife or a pistol. I look to the
principle and purpose of that proviso, and take
my position against the principle and the purpose.
And he who stands by me m opposition to them
will stand by me m opposition to all the means of
carrying them into execution.
I assent to many of the propositions laid down
by the gentleman from Virgtnia,and do not under-
take to say, when fully understood, that there will
be any material dilference between us on the con-
stitutional questions involved. I did not rise to
answer the gentleman's speech; I will take a future
occasion to do that. I ruse to state the issues that
had been made before the country, and which
divided the party with which he was connected.
Sir, the territory of the United States is the
common property of all the people of all the States,
and none can disturb any of the people of any of
the States, in the enjoyment of any of their prop-
erty in such territory. I have no interest in the
question who has the power to do so, whether
this Congress or the settlers on a portion of the
