776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such questions a hundred times before the courts.
He would tell the gentleman how. The gentleman
from South Carolina took the position that the mo-
ment territory was acquired, no ma'ter whether
slavery existed there or not, the Constitution of the
United States extended over it and created slavery
there. Weil, proceeding on that opinion of his,
the gentleman might go to California and carry
with him his slave.
. Mr. WOODWARD begged to interrupt the gen-
tleman. He (Mr. W.) had not said the Constitu-
tion created slavery in the United States territory.
The'Constitution simply recognizes it. Allow me
n ivmmant *<-\ avr>lnt« * k A  - _ x.    
May 17,
a moment to explain the idea^ A great error pre-
vailed in calling slavery an institution. They
might as well call tobacco or rice, a ship or a steam-
boat, an institution. It preexisted as a mere fact
before the making of the Constitution. The Con-
stitution took it as it found it, like other matters
of fact. As with other property, mere legislation
could do nothing with it but regulate it. It would
require constitutional authority to break it up—to
make it where it did not %xist, or unmake it where
it did. According to the common notion of prop-
erty, I cannot permit you to call it an institution.
There is a more strict notion of property, which
constitutes the idea, opposed to communism—that
is, the idea which recognizes an individual as ca-
pable in law of an exclusive ownership of lands,
chattels, or anything else. In this sense we may
speak of the "institution of property;" but the sub-
Stance of property is not an institution. Slavery
existed as a form of property without being insti-
tuted. How did it make its beginning? The white
race, without authority from law or Constitution,
at an early period of American history, thought it
no harm to go to Africa, and seize without process
of law, and hold without the aid of law, the negro
race found there, as appropriate objects of com-
merce. Preexistent law did not make negroes
property any more than it made caoutchouc prop-
erty, or any other newly discovered article of com-
merce. I have said that the substance of property
is not an institution, but wealth; and thelaw'does
not create wealth. You cannot, therefore, with
propriety call slaves an institution. It was a mat-
ter of fact; existed as a fact prior to the Constitu tion,
independent of it, and much more independent of
legislation. Such was the way slavery came into
existence. I have given a statement from actual
history. And if it be such an enormity as some
gentlemen pretend, let them unmake the bargain
which was made with it by the founders or' the
Republic, and not imagine that the moral Judge
. of the Universe will admit the plea of treacheiy
and bad faith as a valid excuse for the sin of a bar-
gain with slavery.
But, sir, I did not rise to make any argument on
'he general subject of slavery. I wish to show that
the gentleman from Virginia is incorrect in sayino-
that the political question before us is simply as
to what action Congress may take on ihe subject
of slavery, and has nothing to do with anything
that belongs to the judiciary. For, supposing it
admitted that slavery exists in the territory under
the Constitution, without legislation on the part of
Congress or a territory; yet, if it be true, or prob-
ably true, that we are to be at the mercy of the
judiciary in California or here, I want to know it.
i want the opinions of Congress and public men
on that subject. I wanted to know it from the
beginning, in order to know what interest my con-
stituents were to have in our conquests. I desire
my constituents to know it, that they may lud^e
for themselves, with a full knowledge of circum-
stances, how far they will enter into wars for con-
quest, where tney are to have no share in the con-
quest when made. I think they are entitled to
judge for themselves, whether the South will spill
its blood and expend its treasure for territory from
which it is to be excluded. If it be the opinion of
politicians, that in spite of all the Congress and
the judiciary might wish to do for us, slavery can-
not exist in territoiies acquired fiom Mexico, let
me know it, that I may shape my course accord-
ingly.
, ■I'he gentleman from Virginia is wholly at fault,
m assuming, that because the question belongs to
the judiciary, we have no interest in discussing it;
that it has nothing t<3 do with politics. My political
course in future may depend upon this judicial
question and the opinion of politicians how the
judiciary would decide. If I iind that a large ma-
jority o. politicians entertain certain opinions, I
shall suspect the judiciary will be of the same
opinion, and might be disinclined to put myself in
its powec. I should be afraid to put myself in a
situation to make if case for the judiciary. In
case I wanted to obtain the opinion of the court,
how would I get a case before it? Is it supposa-
ble that I would take my slaves two thousand
miles into California, to make a feigned issue, as
it were, for the benefit of my friends behind
me? Suppose the court should be against me,
what would be my predicament? The process of
carrying slaves to the coantry must have a begin-
ning, if they are to go there at all. Who would
take the first step at such a hazard? If the first
man who goes is to find the people against him,
and in all probability the court too, who will be
the first man to go? Is it not reasonable, then,
that I should stand up here as a Representative,
and, on behalf of my constituents, demand to
know the opinions of men and parties, where those
opinions may influence the future policy I may
pursue? Sir, if certain doctrines taught here are
to prevail, then I am against California, New Mex-
ico, Yucatan, and all.
Such, sir, is the issue I choose to make. And
you will perceive I am not quibbling about an ab-
straction.
Mr. BAYLY said the gentleman from South
Carolina had made but one solitary issue respect-
ing his speech, and that was the one he meant now
to discuss. He did not understand the gentleman
to take issue on the point that Congress'could not
legislate on the subject. The gentleman distinctly
said he would not take issue on that. Having,
then, settled that question, he would not detain the
House again upon it after the indulgence extended
to him yesterday. The question which the gen-
tleman had mooted, he repeated, was a judicial
question, and by the courts it must be decided, and
by nobody else, forjio other tribunal could decide
it. He had shown, and the gentleman had acqui-
esced, that Congress could not decide it. The
gentleman had admitted that Congress could not
11 decide it, and therefore no law was to do it. The
ij gentleman from South Carolina said slavery was a
|J fact, and that it would exist as a fact in the terri-
jj tories which we might acquire. Well; but the
gentleman knew that there were some others—and ;
H some of them very learned jurists—who maintain- 1
,i ed the opposite doctrine. Who, then, was to de- j
ij cide? The gentleman from South Carolina insist- !
|j ed on knowing beforehand how it was to be; but '
'! who could tell him how it was to be ? Who could !
jj tell ho w it would even probably be ? Thegentleman '
! | who propounded the question was a lawyer of!
|i learning and talent. He said that slavery would i
jj exist.^ ^ Why, then, could he not trust the courts '
|, to decide it? Would he insist that the courts should
;; decide the question before it was before them ? It
1 must be referred to the courts, and nowhere else,
]i for there was no other tribunal to decide it. The
!1 gentleman asked how the question was to be got
<! before the courts, and he (Mr. B.) would tell him
precisely how he might get it there.
jj " Mr. WOODWARD explained. He was un-
ij derstood to say that he never would make a case
i for the courts,under such circumstances,
'j Mr- BAYLY would nevertheless tell thegentie-
j Plan 'low '' would come before the courts, and if
I it came not there at all it would remain a moot
jj question to the end of lime. A slave is found in
ji California. A master carried him there. When
ne was there, it was found by somegentleman who
;; differed from the gentleman from South Carolina,
;j that, inasmuch as slavery did not exist there when
, the territory was acquired, until laws were passed
j, to recognize it, he was free, ■ The slave then re-
i, fused to work for his master; the master corrected
i him; he brought his action for assault and battery; 1
I, the master pleaded that it was moderate correction, !
it which he had the right to inflict on his servant: the 1
;i plea was demurred to, and the court had to decide
Ij whetner slavery existed there or not. That was
ji precisely the manner in which the question could
|; be brought before the courts. In giving the gen-
!j tleman a case, he could perhaps have selected an-
Ij other- for instance, one which had been stated by
jj a gentleman from Ohio; but he selected this case
ij because it was the precise mode in which a similar
, question was brought before the courts of Massa-
fkusetts, when the singular decision was made that
r ( L Hghts abolished slavery, and that the
m u°7eCt h'3 Sf""vant at a"-
Mi. W00DW4RD had never felt any difficulty
in seeing how to form a plea; but he would never
venture to make such a case.
Mr. BAYLY would put it to the gentleman, then,
how he could avoid it? Who could decide before-
hand what would be the fact? The gentleman had
admitted that Congress could not settle the ques-
tion; who, then, could do it? h was obviously
impossible that the question could be decided by
anybody but the judiciary.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, desired to
ask the gentleman from Virginia whether the Su-
preme Court had not decided that slavery existed
by local laws, and that if he removed his slave to
free territory, the slave remained no longer prop-
Mr. BAYLY replied that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was not so good at the laws as
he was in fixing up tariff statistics, and not very
•good at 'hat, though the country perhaps enter-
tained a different opinion.
Mr. STEWART rose to a point of order.
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will state his point of order.
Mr. STEWART would do so. Thegentleman
from Virginia had pledged himself to the House
in the course of his remarks a few days ago, that if ■
he was wrong on the question stated, respecting
the exports and imports at particular periods, he
would never open his mouth on this floor again.
Now he (Mr. S.) maintained that the gentleman
from Virginia had no right to open his mouth on
this floor. [Laughter.]
The CHAIR paused.
Mr. BAYLY desired that the point of order
should be decided.
The CHAIR recognized no point of order in the
statement made. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY said, that though foreign to this
discussion, he would state to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, for his edification, that, before he
took the floor, he was writing a card for the Na-
tional Intelligencer, to show how that gentleman
had quibbled in his card which appeared in lha
National Intelligencer this morning, to enable him
I to get out of the difficulty in which he had involved
j himself; and if he (Mr. B.) did not show that he
I had done so to the satisfaction of every impaitial
j man, he would agree to resign his seat in Congress,
j Mr. STEWART made some remark, which
, was not audible at ihe reporter's desk.
i Mr. BA V LY could not give way to these tariff
I discussions. He was sorry he had alluded to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania at all. He said this
with no disrespect to that gentleman; but they
must dispose of the case before them. There was
his friend from New York [Mr. Mcrphy] anx-
iously waiting at his side to get the floor to speak
upon this question, and he (Mr. B.) was equally
anxious that he should have it. He would return
then, to the remarks of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] and he would say
that if Congress should undertake, by a unanimous
vote, to say that slavery was a fact (to use the ex-
pression of the gentleman from South Carolina) in
the Territories, that would not bind the Legisla-
ture or Judiciary, unless Congress had jurisdiction
over the subject. It would, at the last, come be-
fore the courts, and it could be nowhere else de-
cided. Had he not, then, the right to say, cui
bono?—-what good would arise if they undertook
to maintain that slavery existed there?" Gentlemen
equally talented and learned maintained the re-
verse that it did not exist there until it was legal-
ized. Why, if they should discuss this pointYor
six monlhs, until every gentleman had made up
an opinion about it, would that settle the question '
Reference had been made to the case of a bank
and the question had been asked how that was a
I Parly question when it could go before the judici-
; ary ? Did not the gentleman see that it was prop-
erly a party question, because this Government
had to act upon it, and to make a charter before it
went to the country? And did not the gentleman
know tnat it went before the court on the question
of its constitutionality, and that the court decided
it to be constitutional? Well,- then, suppose this
riouse should, by a two-thirds vote, decide that
slavery existed without legislation, did that settle
the question? Still the case could and would come
before the courts, and the courts would decide the
question without reference to the opinions of poli-
ticians. They could not avoid it.
But if the gentleman from South Carolina so
much distrusted his own opinion—if he was so
