778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
characterized the war in Y ucatan shocked humanity.
He pointed out the difference between liis amend-
- mem and the original section. The latter supersedes
t/ie Government of Yucatan, while the former
contemplates cooperation with that Government.
He tlrought that we might properly transfer some
of our troops from Mexico, for the purpose of aid-
ing the Yueatanese in their defensive contest against
the Indians. By his substitute, he defined the
conditions on which an army and navy shall be
employed. They are to be subordinate to the
Government of Yucatan.
He did not think that this interposition would
he any violation of international law. We are
already in possession of one of her ports—Laguna
—and this fact may be cited as a justification of
our interference. If we were at peace with Mex-
ico, this would be a very embarrassing case. It
must be a very extreme case which would justify
us in trampling on the political organizations of
nations; but sueh cases he admitted might occur,
in which all respect for these political organizations
must yield to the higher duties which bind man to
man.
On the subject .of the supply of arms to the In-
dians by Br tish agenls, he quoted, from a news-
paper published at Kingston, Jamaica, (theMorn-
ing Chronicle,) a paragraph denouncing this traf-
fic, and stating that a commissioner from Yucatan
had arrived there, to remonstrate against it, as a
violation of an ancient treaty with Spain, nego-
tiated at London in 1786, by which this traffic in
arms was prohibited. The commissioner had re-
ceived assurance that the trade should be discon-
tinued, on the score of humanity alone—the pro-
hibition in.the treaty of 1786 not being regarded
as applicable to this case. It appeal's, from other
paragraphs from_a paper published at Belize, that
the British authorities had not interfered to stop
the traffic. He would not charge the British Gov-
ernment with a design to aid the Indians to extir-
pate Spanish rights; but circumstances justified the
belief that British agents may have taken this
course from a desire to extend British dominion.
He then went into some geographical state-
ments, derived from the map of Airowsmnh and
other sources, for the purpose of showing that the
boundaries of Yucatan were mostly shadowy and
uncertain, and that they had not been entirely re- i
spected by Great Britain. He charged that Power !
with having encroached on Central America, for j
the purpose of maintaining the Mosquito king |
whose throne a sandhill, whose sceptre a rush, |
and whose robe a blanket, sets fleets and armies i
in. motion, and carries on his usurpations with all !
the "pomp and circumstance of glorious war." I
He had, on a- former occasion, stated that the object j
crfGreat Britain in herextension was toobtain a site
for a ship canal. He did not suppose that these '
views emanated from the Mosquito king; but he
should not be surprised- if the enterprises to be I
carried oh should be in the name of that distin-
guished personage. He brought forward a notice
of the British consul-general in Central America,
addressed to the Government of iN'icaragua, in con-
firmation of his opinion that Great Britain was
extending her dominion m that quarter. While
making these statements, .he disavowed any idea i
of considering Great Britain as an enemy. On I
the cotuiary, he regarded'her as a friend—at most, j
a commercial rival in all the generous pursuits of!
industry and enterprise. Nor did he envy her the I
Cossession of those torrid plains, which are parched !
y.a vertical sun above, and scorched by volcanic
fires beneath. Nor did he apprehend any danger
to ourselves. His object was, merely to awaken
an attention to what was in progress around us.
It did not become u^ to remain inert or incredu-
lous, while Great Britain was seizing every oppor-
tunity to enlarge her territory and extend her sov-
ereignty.
To prevent a breach of international obligations
we have no right to interfere in the affairs of Eu-
ropean countries. At the same time, he held that
we had a right to take such measures as would
prevent the interfeicnce of European Powers m ij
the domestic concerns of this continent. What i
those measures should be, he would not pretend to
say. It was a question of prudence. But he did
not place his support of this bill on the ground of
the danger of European interference in the affairs
of Yueatan. ,
One of the .main grounds on which he placed his
support of this bill was that of justice. We had
taken away the means which would have enabled
Mexico to assist Yucatan, and we are bound in
strict justice to do what we have prevented Mex-
ico from doing.
He also supported the bill on the ground of hu-
manity. -We are in the full enjoyment of all the
blessings and privileges of law, order, tranquillity,
and uninterrupted prosperity. In Central America
the picture is reversed; there, law, order, tranr
quillity ,and prosperity, are all rentasundef—towns
sacked, houses burned, and every description of
ferocious outrage perpetrated. Such was the sketch
—an imperfect one he admitted—but he would not
attempt to fill it up with the loathsome details
which truth would furnish.
Mr. CLAYTON said he would ask the Senator
from New York if he was perfectly satisfied that
a war was at this moment existing between the
whites and the" Indians.
Mr. DIX said he was perfectly satisfied of the
fact.
Afte?" a few wordsjfrom Mr. Dix, by way of
conclusion—
Mr. HANNEGAN then rose and said, that
since this bill was under discussion yesterday, he
had leceived intelligence that a treaty had been
concluded between the Government of Yucatan
and the Indians, and that the war had been brought
to a close. Similar information had reached the
city, in the Baltimore Sun, which had given the
hc-ads of the treaty. The terms agreed on appeared
to him to be fair, and he trusted that the difficulties'
had been settled. In this stateof things, he thought
it due to the Senate to state that he should no longer
feel himseit called on to press the passage of this
bill. No harm could result from a little delay, and
it might be advisable to wait for further advices
from Yucatan before any definite action took place.
As we are in a state of war with Mexico, no for-
eign armed vessels would attempt to enter the ports
of Yucatan. A force of four hundred marines had
been ordered from Alvarado to Laguna, and this
would suffice for the present. He would, there-
fore, move that the bill be informally passed over.
Mr. DIX said, that if he had been aware of
f these facts, he would not have tioubied the Senate
with the remarks which he had felt himself called
on to submit.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied that he had not com- I
mumcated themformation to the Senator from New
York, because he was not disposed to prevent the
Senate from hearing a good speech,
Mr. UNDERWOOD concurred in the motion
of the Senator from Indiana, although the effect
would be to cut off a speech which he also had
intended to make. He would, therefore, merely
allude to the extraordinary delay which had taken
place in the Executive department before the cor-
respondence of JVIr. Sierfa had been communicated
to the Senate, and which he had understood to
have been accounted for by'ihe Senator from In-
diana on the ground that the authority of that gen-
tleman had not been recognized by the Govern-
ment.
Mr, HAN-NEGrAN said, that if the motion he
had made had cut off the speech of the Senator
from Kentucky, it had not prevented him from
giving the gist of it to the Senate. He knew that
there were several Senators desirous to be heard
on the bill, and he had himself intended to offer
some remarks. What he had said on the subject
of the recognition of Mr. Sierra had been misap-
prehended by the Senator fiom Kentucky.
Mr. .NLLKS, while he accjuieaced in the post-
ponement of the bill, expressed some surprise at
the change ot ground which this new course indi-
cated on the part of the Senator from Indiana. In
the first place, that Senator had urged immediate
action on the bill on the ground of humanity; but,
altcrwaids, he had urged it as a matter of national
policy, to prevent the interference of any of the
European Powers. The settlement of the difficul-
ties in Yucatan disposed of the question of human-
ity. But he did not see how it changed the aspect
of the policy of preventing other Powers fiom in-
terposing at the request of Yucatan, fie expatia-
ted, in a tone too low to be heard in the gallery, on
the inconsistency of this course.
[A discussion of a sharp and personal character ^
ensued between Mr. Hannegan and Mr. Niles, i
which was settled amicably.]
Mr. I<OOTE thea addressed the Senate at much
length, remarking severely on the course of the
Senator from Connecticut, and the Senator from
. South Carolina, [Mr. CAt'tiotm,] against whom
, he charged desertion of the Democratic party. He
| reviewed the course of the Whigs in the war of
. 1812, eulogized the stand taken by the Senator
from South Carolina in favor of that war, but ar-
gued, that from the subsequent conduct of that
Senator, the Democratic party had now finally
i withdrawn its confidence from him.
j When Mr. FOOTE had concluded,
; Mr. HOUSTON rose and complimented the
■ Senate on the universal sentiment which seemed
; to prevail in favor of peace. It appeared that they
, were all for peace. The next thing was an armis-
tice. He would therefore move that the Senate
; go into secret session.
A motion was, however, made to adjourn; which
I was decided in the affirmative. .
j The further consideration of the bill was then
! postponed until to-morrow, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 18, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DUER asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of setting apart .a
i portion of the public lands for the exclusive use and posses-
sion of free black persons, on the following terms and eoh-
I ditions:
! 1. That every free black male person above the a?e of
j twenty-one years, removing to and making his residence in
' such territory, shall be entitled to occupy and cultivate 
j acres of the public lands situated therein, and, ufter so oc-
j cupying and improving the same for years, shall be fur-
; ther entitled to receive a grant of the same, free of all cost
! or charge whatsoever.
i 2. That no sale of land within such territory be made by
; the Government, or be permitted to be made.by individuals,-
! to white persons.
! 3. That portions of said lands be set apart for the purposes
| of education.
i 4. Tnat such territory be separately organized, and gov-
erned under the authority of Congress.
j o. That when the inhabitants of said territory shall amount
; to thousands, thev be invested with such powers of
self-government as are usually granted to the Territories of
; the United States.
Ij Objection being made, the resolution was not
' received.
! On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, leave was grant-
! ed the administrator of John Johnson, deceased,
; to withdralv papers pertaining to the claim of said
j Johnson.
I On motion of Mr. CABELL, leave was granted
! for the withdrawal of the papers in the case of J.
j M. Bates. *
j On motion of Mr. CABELL, it was
1 Re°olved} Tliatthe Committee on Commerce be instructed
| to inquire into the expediency of declaring the town of
i Miami, in the county of Dade, State of Florida, a port of
: entry and delivery; and tliat they report by bill or other-
j wi?e.
i On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi,
| the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
! Union was discharged from the further considera-
j tion of the bill supplemental to an act to confirm
: the survey and location of claims for lands in the
; State of Mississippi, east of Pearl river, and south
j of the 31st degree of north latitude, approved
i March 3, 1845, and it was committed to the Com-
| mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
I Mr. ABBOTT presented resolutions of the Le-
I gislature of Massachusetts, and also a memorial
! of the same Legislature, favorable to the reduction
j of the idtesof postage. Referred to the Commit-
| tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
; On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, leave
; was given to Lieutenant M. Thomns to withdraw
| the papers relating to his claim against the Gov-
! ernment.
: On motion of Mr. MARVIN, leave was given
1 to Daniel G. Garnsey to withdraw his petition.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po«t
Aoad* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post loute from the Poplar Plains, in Fleming coun-
tv, Kentucky, via Plutnmer's Mills, on Fox'* cr^ek, John's
MiIU,inTnplett,TnplettVPo^t Office, and upCharity crcek,
to West Liberty, in Morgan countv, m the same Suite.
Resolved, Tint The Committee on'the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Thomas J. Dobhin'e store, in Mont-
gomery county, Kentucky, to the mouth of Aaron.'sRuu> in
the same county.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the bill to amend
the act making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 3Gth June, 1848, approved
