1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
March 3,1847, was recommitted to the" Committee
on Naval Affairs. _ -
Mr. KING, of Georgia, frpm the Committee on
Na\al Affairs, to which were referred Senate bills
for the relief of the forward officers of the late Ex-
ploring Expedition, and for the relief of Thomas
Brownel!, reported the same back to the House
without amendment, Corinnitted.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Engra-
ving, to which was recommitted the subject of
engraving the maps of the route of a proposed line
ofmail steamers between Monterey or San Fran-
cisco, in California, to. Canton anil Shanghae, in
China, touching at the Sandwich Island?, to ac-
company a report on the subject, reported the fol-
lowing resolution;
Resolved, That one copy of tlie chart accompanying said
report be engraved for each number thereof ordered by the
Hoijse to be printed.
Mr. KAUFMAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Texas in relation to the " proviso,"
slavery, the tariff, and the war with Mexico; and
also in relation to the Texas volunteers called out
in 1846. They were ordered to be printed, and
the latter one was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. <
' On motion of Mr. HILLIARD, the Committee
on Foieign Affairs was discharged from the peti-
tion of citizens of Erie and Huron counties, Ohio,
asking that the territory acquired from Mexico be
set apart fijr occupation by fiee negroes; and it was
laid on the table.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
p'etitio'n§.of Oliver King, Eunice Clark, Caty Burn-
ham, and Elizabeth K. Brunot. Laid oil the table.
Also, from the sam.e committee, repoited a bill
for the relief of Mary Pike. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred a resolution ot the House in relation to
the delay of business in ihe Pension Office, made
a"report, which was laid on the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions^ reported bills for the relief of Sarah
Wood; for the relief of Henry Miller; granting a
pension to Gideon A. Perry; which bills weresev-
efSlly read atid'commit'ted.
'Mr. VENABLE, from the same committee, re-
poitSd a bill for the relief of Fielding G;. Brown.
Read and committed. .
Mr. ECKERT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief'of Jos. Taylor. Read
afid committed. . .
' Atsoi'ad verse reports on the petitions ot^ Benja-
min Holland, Abner Long, and Charles Taylor.
Laid on the table.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Ephraim Spoor and Robert Milhgan. Laid on the
"Also, from the same committee, reported bills
fo,r the' relief of Mary W. Thompson and John
Hfaup.-" Read and committed.
Also, a bill for the relief of William Tee; which
was read twice and'ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was read a third time, passed, and
sent to the Senate for concurrence.
'Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill to provide for applications for the
renewal of patent rights in certain cases.
"The bill was read twice and ordered to be en-
grossed; and, being engrossed, was i-ead a third
time, passed, and sent to the benate for concur-
rcncfi.
■ On irjotion of-Mr. FARRELLY, the Commit-
tee'on Patents was discharged from the petition of
CSfvin Emmons; and it was laid on the table.
"Mf. HOUSTON, of Delaware, from the Com-
mittee oil Public Buildings and Grounds, made a
reiWt on the plans of R. E. Monaghan and of
Stephen Bowerman for taking the yeas and na.ys.
Laid on the table.
*0n motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the
Committee on Rules were discharged from the
further' consideration of the resolution in relation
to allowing a member not more than ten minutes
to make' apersonal explanation; and it was laid
oh thfe table. .
Mrl MclLVAINE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
Cherokee Indians in North Carolina. Read and
committed.
•Mr. McKAY asked the House to proceed, to
cdn'sider the joint resolution defining the reports to
be annually made to Congress by the heads of the j
several Executive departments, and requiring the
same to be prepared immediately after the close of
each fiscal year and forthwith communicated for
publication. Objected to. . •
SENATE BILLS QM THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Senate bills of the following titles lying on the
Speaker's table, were taken up, read twice, and
referred to appropriate committees:
A bill authorizing the payment of a sum of mo-
ney to Robert Rurkis.
A bill to authorize the relinquishment of the 16th
section in certain cases, and the selection of other
lands in lieu thereof.
A bill to authorize notaries public to take and
certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments
in certain cases.
A bill renewing certain naval pensions for the
term of five years, and extending the benefits of
existing laws respecting naval pensions to engi-
neers, firemen, and coal-heavers in the navy, and
to their widows.
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War to sur-
render certain bonds ot the State of Indiana, held
by the United States, to the agent of the State for
the said State of Indiana.
The resolution reported some days since by the
Committee on Piinting, to print 1,000copies extra
of the report of the Committee of Claims, m rela-
tion to the establishment of a board of commis-
sioners for the examination and adjustment of
claims against the United States, was taken up,
read, considered, and agreed to by the House.
The House then proceeded to consider the joint
resolution defining the reports io be annually made
to Congress by the heads of the several Executive
departments, and requiring the same to be pie-
pared immediately after the close of each fiscal
year, and forthwith communicated for publication.
Several amendments were made to the resolu-
tion; but, before it was read entirely through, it
was, on motion of Mr. WHITE, relerred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS, ETC.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of-the Whole on the state of the Union on the bill
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, for the year ending June ,30,
1848, (Mr. King, of Massachusetts, in the chair.j
Mr. COCKE, who had the floor from yester-
day, rose and said he was aware that the remaiks
which he proposed to make to the committee were
not strictly in order, but they would not be incon-
sistent with custom; for it was usual, when the
House was m Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for gentlemen to indulge in a
wide latitude in the discussion of any question
that might be under consideration. This was his
apology for the train of argument in which lie
should indulge this morning.
It was not his purpose to discuss at large the
origin of the war vvuh Mexico in which the coun-
try was engaged. He was fully sensible that he
could not furnish to the committee any new views
on that subject; for it had been thoroughly exam-
ined and ably discussed by others, and long ere
this every member of this House and'the people of
the country had formed an opinion upon that great
question. He should not, then, for it was unne-
cessary, detain the committee with a discussion of
the origin, rise, and progress of the war with Mex-
ico. His purpose was to discuss some other ques-
tions intimately connected with the policy which
the present Administration had pursued during us
term of service. ... ,
At an early period of this session an amend-
ment was submitted to a resolution, by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] which
declared " that this war was unnecessarily and un-
constitutionally commenced by the President of the
United States," and for that amendment he gave
his vote. He was then governed by the convic-
tions of his best judgment and a sense of public
duty; and, after mature consideration and deep
reflection, he was enabled to say that he had never,
in the whole course of his life, been more fully con-
vinced of the truth of any sentiment than he now
was of the truth of the averment of that amend-
ment. It was to him no new proposition; for m
the last canvass, before the people of his own dis-
trict, on every occasion when an opportunity pre-
sented itself, he took the same ground respecting
the origin of that war, and he was triumphantly
sustained by the people. Jn short, in .giving the
vote to which he had referred, tie was-representing,
truly the feelings and sentiments of the. people;ojT;
the second Congressional district of Tennessee,,
which he had the honor to represent.
He desired also to allede for a moment to a vote
which he gjave during the last session of Congress
on an amendment submitted by his honorable friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Boip] to the preamble of the
bill that was passed during that Congress, which
declared that the war was commenced by the act.
of Mexico. He voted for that amendment; but, as
had been said by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Rhett,] in an early debate in this House
on the subject, he did not consider the preamble a
part of the bill. In this view many other gentle-
men participated who voted on opposite sides on
the same question. Thegentlemanfrom Kentucky,
[Mr. Botd,] in CommitCeeof the Whole, proposed
to strike out the first section of the original bill,
which was highly improper, because it fixed no
limit as to the force to be called into service; it
fixed no limit as to the length of service; nor did it
make an appropriation of a single dollar. The
amendment did. Jt placed at the disposal of th^
President ten millions of dollars, authorized him
to call into service fifty thousand volunteers, and
likewise limited the time of their service. But
because it contained the preamble, while in com-
mittee he voted^against it, hoping, if it was rejected,
that a suitable amendment would be offered and
adopted. But the amendment was adopted by the
committee", and reported to the House, The criti-
cal condition of General Taylor and his army on
the Rio Grande admitted of no delay, and he voted
for the amendment because he considered it less
objectionable than the original section in the bill,
i protesting at the same time that the preamble was
| not true, and that it had no necessary connecticn
: with the bill. Many of his Democratic fi'iends on
the other side of the House voted against that
amendment, and afterwards for the bill in which
it was incorporated, but did not consider that they ,
were voting for the preamble, which they con-
tended was no part of the bill: And that was the
light in which he (Mr. C.) considered it. He did
not believe that the inception or the beginning of
the war was the act of Mexico, although it had
been contended by many that we had had", for sev-
eral years, ample cause of war against her. ' On
the contrary, he firmly believed that the first act, of'
war was committed by the President of the United
States. The President assumed the power to order
the army into a territory that was disputed, and in
the possession of Mexico. It was a question
which had been pending between this Governmeit
and the Government of Mexico from the tirre
Texas was admitted into this Union. In the resc -
lutions by winch Texas was received into this cor.-
federacy the point was reserved to this Govern-
ment, and not to the President, who had no right
to determine a question of boundary, which wa3
then the subject of negotiation, or at least was
open to negotiation. After Texas was annexed1
to the United States, and became a part of the
Union, he was willing to, regard her as a sister
State in this corffederacy, and to extend to her that
protection which this Government was bound to
afford to every other State of this Union; and every
citizen of Texas who had emigrated thither, and
felled the timber of its forests, and tilled its soil,
and erected the log huts that studded its surface,
had an equal claim on this Government for pro-
tection with any other citizen of even the oldest
States. But it became an important question for
consideration at what point they were to find the
unquestioned frontier of Texas.
Mr. Donelson, in a communication written by
him on this subject, pointed out Corpus Chnsti as
a place that might with propriety be occupied by
General Taylor, and as a place which presented
conveniences for the furnishing of supplies to our
troops. General Taylor did go to Corpus Christi,
and there remained for twelve monthsin peaceand
quiet; and not until the President assumed the
power to order the advance march into disputed
I territory was the peace broken. Peaee theni ex-
1 isted between the two Republics; and.m whom
was the power vested by the Constitution to change
the relations of the two countries from peace to
war' Certainly not in, the Executive department
of this Government. The power was vested ex-
clusively in Congress, and the exercise of such
power by the Presidept was an assumption of its
