782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Taylor's letter of the 22d of April made its appear-
ance. Here was what he thought of that letter:
« rn a word, we have rarely seen a production so perfectly
tmsattefoctory as a confession of faith."
Mr. Ritchie seemed to think there was some
prospect of the old General's nomination by the
whig convention, and the idea filled him with
Borror. It,brought him to his knees. He was
struck with amazement, and he began to pray:
« Would to Heaven, that for his own sake, he had never
yMded to the solicitations of any of his own countrymen;
that he had modestly declined the honor, from a sense of
his own inexperienef; but that h« had been content to wear
tb^ military laurels which lie hart so gloriously- won,"
After the production of this letter of the 22d of
April, the mere mention of the old hero's name
filled with horror not only the t( Union," but the
rest of theprints of the like stripe, and their friends
throughout th« country. "Would to Heaven!""
Why pray so fervently?- Was it because Mr.
Polk's editor feared that General Taylor would be
defeated? Or was it not rather the apprehension
for any candidate whom they might select to run
against him? It was from a full conviction, a con-
sciousness that if he were the nominee of the next
convention at Philadelphia, a disastrous defeat
awaited that party. Hence the old man fell upon
his knees, and exclaimed, 11 Would to Heaven he
had never yielded to the solicitations of his coun-
trymen," in. reference to accepting the nomina-
tion  
Here the debate closed, in compliance with the
order of the Housed
THE POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr, RHETT moved to amend ,the item " For
transportation of the mails within the United
States, $2,540,700," by reducing the earn- to
$2,495,700, and adding to the end of the item the
words, " for the transportation of the maill in
steam-vessels between Charleston and Havana.
#45,000."
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to amend Mr.
Rhett's amendment by adding the following
thereto: *
"The said steamers to be employed in the conveyance of
the mail from Charleston to Havana shall stop, going and
returning, at Savannah, in Georgia, to deliver and receive
lettersj^paper*, passengers,and freight; provided there shall
be no increase of compensation therefor. The said steamers
shall al-o be commanded by officers of the navy not below
the fftade of lieutenant, and shall receive four midshipmen
on board as watch officer;?; the said officers to be accommo-
dated without charge to the Government."
After explanations by Messrs. RHETT and
KING, and inquiries by Mr. CABELL—
The question was put on Mr. King's amend-
ment, and on a division a quorum did not vote.
The CHAIRMAN directed the roll to be call-
ed; which being done, the* committee rose, and
the Chairman reported that the committee having
found itself without a quorum,, the roll had been
called.
The names of the absenlees were ordered to be
entered on the Journal.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session.
The vote was again taken on Mr. King's amend-
ment by tellers, and there were—ayes 62, noes 58.
So Mr. King's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON; of Alabama, moved to amend
Mr. Rhett's amendment by reducing the amount
$1,000 for carrying the mail between Charleston
and Havana.
Mr. H. then entered into an explanation in re-
gard to the contract made by the Postmaster Gen-
eral for carrying the mail between Charleston and
Havana. When Mr. H. had concluded, he with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. VINTON availed himself of the privilege
allowed to the gentleman reporting a bill from the
committee briefly to explain the character and ob-
ject of the provision relative to contracts for carry-
ing the mail, the former legislation on the subject,
and the action of the Postmaster General under it.
He caused to be read the 6ih section of the act of
last session, as well as an extract from the annual
report of the Postmaster General, and one or two
recent letters from the same source, from which it
appeared that the Postmaster General was autho-
rized to contract for mail transportation from
Charleston to- Chairres, by way of Havana, and
then across the Isthmus of Panama, to Oregon—
the major portion of the route to be performed in
steam-vessels—that he had advertised for the whole
Eoute^vbutixad received no bids except for that part
between Charleston and Havana- that for this part
he had made a conditional contract for $45,000 for
twice a month—the condition being the ratification
of the contract by Congress; that he desired this
ratification, considering it the most important por-
tion of the route, and that the compensation was a
reasonable one compared with that paid for similar
service on other routes.
He also stated, that during the last Congress a
law was passed authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to contract for carrying the mail by steam-
ships from' New York to New Orleans, thence to
Chagres, and around" to Oregon; and that the Sec-
retary-of the Navy had entered into the contract
for the entire route, the running to be twice a
month.
The effect of ratifying the contract made by the
Postmaster General would be, that when the line
of mail steamers was put into operation under the
contract of the Secretary of the Navy, there would
be a weekly mail from the United States to Ha-
vana, and beyond a mail but once in two weeks.
It would be an amendment of the law which au-
thorized the' Postmaster General to' contract for
carrying the mail to Oregon, converting it into an
authority to contract for the same service once in
two weeks from Charleston to Havana, which'the
Postmaster Genera! considered more' important
than any of those other lines which were provided
for, and which were being carried into execution.
These were the facts, and with them the com-
mittee would be able to decide for themselves
whether it was expedient to carry this part of the
contract into execution. The majority of the Com-
mitteeof Waysand Means, he might observe, upon
the case being submitted to them, had thought it
inexpedient to ratify this contract,and had reserved
the subject for further consideration. The minori-
ty, however, of whom he was one, were of the
opinion that the present bill, according to the rec-
ommendation of the Postmaster General, was a
proper one.
After a few remarks by Mr. SCHENCK, (upon
an amendment moved to enable him to speak,) in
which he opposed ratifying the present contract,
and urged that these lines of steamers should be
placed under the control of the Secretary of the
Navy, that they might be the moie readily con-
vertible into efficient war-steamers when required—
On motion of Mr. CABELL, (made with a view
to reconsider the resolution, and extend the time
for the debate on this subject,) the committee rose
and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON, m accordance with what seemed
the sense of the committee in rising, move J to re-
consider the resolution by which the debate in
committee had been terminated.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table. Agreed to; Ayes
76, noes 38.
The resolution thus'being adhered to—
On motion, the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the WJiole, and resumed the con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. RHETT (upon an amendment moved for
the purpose,) warmly advocated the provision for
ratifying the contract of the Postmaster General,
which, he contended, was'made under the positive
requirements of the act of the last Congress. He
urged the importance of a weekly mail between
Charleston and Havana, especially irfthe present
state of national affairs, and contended that a more
rapid and frequent communication upon this part
of the route was vastly more necessary than upon
the remaining portion. He hctd no objection to
these steamers being built under the inspection of
the Navy Department.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an amendment, (which j
was withdrawn at the close of his remarks,) and
said he was in favor of these ocean steam-packets;
but he insisted that it had been found by the expe-
rience of other Governments, and thus far of our
own, that they could not support themselves, or
even make one-fiftieth part of their expenses, by
carrying the mail. He considered, then, that we
should follow the example of England, as we had j
already done to some extent, and adopt this ocean I
steam-packet service, with a view to accomplish j
two things: the transportation of the mail, which 1
would pay some httie towards sustaining their j
expenses; and to secure the ulterior and still greater !
advantage of having these vessels so constructed !
that at any time they might-be converted into war- {
steamers; and for this purpose he argaed they I
should be built and run, under the supervision of
the Secretary of the Wavy.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the following
amendment to Mr. Rhltt's amendment:
" Provided, further. That the contract made by the Po«t-
master General f r the transportation of the mail from
Charleston, via Savannah and Key West, to Havana, is
hereby transferred to the Navy Department, and placed
und«-r the care and direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
who shall appoint a skillful naval constructor to superintend
the construction of the steamers to be employed in said
service."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and pending the question on the amendmenfas
amended, on motion, the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
PETITION^, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. MACLAY : A preamble and resolution from the
Common Council of the city of New York, relative to dunes
collected upon goods consumed by the great fire of July,
1845.
By Mr. HALL, of Missouri: The petition of James H.
Woodward and other.*, citizens of the State of Missouri,
praying grants of bounty land to teamsters engaged in the
war with Mexico.
By Mr. MORSEiThe petition ofW. Woodward, praying
for a remission of a fine imposed on him.
By Mr. JOH NSON, of Arkansas: A petition for the relief
of John Phagan.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jtiay 18, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
made in compliance with a resolution of the 28th
ultimo, calling for the quantity of sugar imported
into the United States during the years 1844,1845,
1846, and 1847.
[During the year 1844, the quantity of brown
sucrar imported was 179,857,491 pounds, value
$6,793,540; white clayed 4.731,516 pounds, value
$276,704; loaf and refined 2,215,517 pounds, value
; §134,454.
! During the year 1845, brown 111 ,957,404 pounds,
value $4,556,392; white clayed 1,662,574 pounds,
value $91 172; loaf and refined, 2,044,862 pounds,
value §132,991.
Duringthc year 1846,brown 126,731,661 pounds,
value $5,348,082; white clayed 1,043.835 pounds,
value $81,268; loaf and refined 253,379 pounds,
value $17,909.
During the year 1847, brown 222,683,261 pounds,
value $9,344,721; white clayed 9,196,106 pounds,
value $466,372; loaf and refined 1,089,477 pounds,
value $66,119.
The communication also states that the resolu-
tion of the 13th ultimo, requiring the quantity of
sugar imported during the fiscal year ending on the
30th June, 1847, and the succeeding year, to the
close of the last quarter ending the 31st March,
1848, has not been answered, from the want of
returns for the last-named quarter, bu t will be com-
plied with as soon as the necessary data can be
obtained.]
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Sarah
A. Mackay, asking for a renewal of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe-
tition from citizens of the parish of Natchitoches,
asking an appropriation for the improvement of
the navigation of Red river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, asking the
construction of a post route from Philadelphia to
New York; which was rcft-rred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Johnson Rice and R. McKee, asking a grant of
land for a number of families ready to settle in
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. TURNEY, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to bring in a bill to revive the act entitled
" An act to provide for the payment of horses and
other property lost or destroyed in the military
service of the United States," approved January
18, 1837, and the act approved 14tft October, 1837,
and 23d August, 1842, amendatory of the same;
which was read twice by its title, arid referred to
the Committee on Claims^
