T84-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
treated as a ridiculous assumption, that the Presi-
dent, by means of a single newspaper in the hands
of Mr. Ritchie, could scourge three hundred mem-
bers of Congress into submission. As to the in-
fluences of corruption, before tibrruption could be
av&rJable, there must be something corruptible to
work upon. It must, therefore, first be fchown
that this Senate is itself a corrupt body.
, The Senator from Maryland had gone to the
first source for information. He had not referred
to any of the small fry which had been spawned
from the womb of the party; but he had gone
back to the great founder of the party, and had ex-
hibited here the name and sentiments of General
Hamilton, which he held up as an example for
our action. When an object was presented to us
in this imposing form, it seemed to become us to
examine it with more than common caution. He
had felt himself called on to examine General Ham-
ilton's opinions. It appears, in the debates of the
Convention, that it was the opinion of General
Hamilton that the State governments must be an-
nihilated. It has been supposed that the existence
of these State governments are essential to the
^ maintenance of our liberty. General Hamilton
also held that the rich and the powerful should
have the control of the Government, to the exclu-
sion of the mass. This was proved by his sugges-
tion to a friend, that the President should be elected
for life, and that the Government should be fash-
ioned on the model of that of Great Britain. On
the eleventh day after General Hamilton was sworn
in as Secretary of the Treasury, he committed a
flagrant violation of the Constitution. On thellth
of September, 1789, he was appointed, and on the
22d of that month he issued a treasury circular, in
reference to the act providing for the collection of du-
ties, which act decreed that the duties should be paid
in gold and silver coin only. This circular instruct-
ed the collectors to receive the notes of the Bank
of North America; and this in the face of the law
passed eleven days before, and while that Congress
was still sitting. And he was now held up to us as
an example. Had he been impeached for this vio-
lation of the law, we should not now be cursed
with that flood of paper money which has since
overflowed the country. A reference to the wri-
tings of General Hamilton would show that he was
preparing measures for introducing into our sys-
tem the corrupt practices and influences which
prevail in Great Britain, for the purpose of
stamping it with the impress of those principles
which characterize the British system. No man
would pretend to say that General Hamilton was
not herein guilty of a crime against our institu-
tions.
The Senator from Maryland had also taken his
stand in favor of a Bank of the United States. He
th&nked the Senator, and accepted the issue. He
would docket the case. The jury was m the box,
and he was willing to wait tor the verdict. He
then went on to speak of the sub-treasury system,
contending that until the passage of the sub-treas-
ury act, there never was a sufficient security for
the public money. He referred to the movements
and arguments of the enemies of the sub-treasury
during the period of Mr. Tyler.
They repealed the sub-treasury before they had
provided a substitute, and thus threw all the pub-
lic money into the hands of President Tyler. The
bill for a bank was sent to him, and was vetoed.
It fell dead by the feeblest hands that ever struck
down such a monster. This veto went forth, and
changed' the next year the character of the elec-
tions. Since that period it had been impossible to
raise a bank. But we must have it now. For it
was impossible to suppose that the Senator from
Maryland had not made his speech after due de-
liberation and for some specific purpose.
Mr. A. then gave a brief history of the course
taken for the recharter of the United States Bank,
and of the " gratifications" which weie issued by
the bank for the purpose of facilitating its efforts
for a recharter. He read from a document before
him a list of sums which had been lent to mem-
bers of Congress and others, for the purpose of
showing the system of bribery resorted to by the
bank to obtain a renewal of its charter, and in-
ferred that this proved the corruptibility of Con-
gress, which might have led to the recharter of the
institution but for the firmness with which Gen-
eral Jackson exercised the veto power.
Mr. ALLEN concluded with some statistical
details of the Presidential elections.
The resolution was then, on motion of Mr. AL-
LEN, informally passed over; and—
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. After some time, the doors were reopened,
and it was
Ordered, That when the Somite adjourns on Monday next
the adjournment shall be until the Thursday following.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 39, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of bills to reestab-
lish the collection district of Wareham, in the State
of Massachusetts; to establish a collection district
in the State of New York; and to reestablish the
collection district of Brunswick, in the State of
Georgia; and they were respectively read and or-
dered to be engrossed; and, being engrossed, were
read a third time, passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
Mr. HASKELL asked the House to take up
the joint resolution authorizing the accounting offi-
cers of the treasury, charged with the settlement
of the accounts of the navy, to settle and pay the
expenses of the United States ship Macedonian on
her recent voyage to Ireland and Scotland. It was
objected to.
Mr. FULTON, previous notice having been
given, on leave, introduced a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of State to furnish the clerk
of the district court of the United States for .the
western district of Virginia four copies of Little &
Brown's edition of the Laws of the United States;
which was read twice, and, after an inquiry from
Mr. McKAY and a brief explanation by Mr.
FULTON, was ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was read a third time, passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
On motion of Mr. TH1BODEAUX, the Com-
mittee of the Whole was discharged from the fur-
therconsideration of the bill to establish a collection
district in South Carolina, and for other purposes.
The bill was read and ordered to be engrossed;
and, being engrossed, was read a third time, passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
usual resolution to close the debate in Committee
of the Whole on the bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Benjamin Hodges, deceased, in
ten minutes after the bill shall again be taken up
by the Committee of the Whole.
The resolution was amended by extending the
time to twenty-five minutes, and, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill to provide for applications for the
renewal of patentrights in-certain cases was passed.
The motion was entered on the Journal and ordered
to lie over.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
of Connecticut, resolved itself into Comqimee of
the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Sims in
the chair.)
The first bill on the calendar was the bill (No 68)
for the relief of the representatives of Benjamin
Hodges, deceased, on which an amendment, offer-
ed by Mr. Atkinson, was pending. [The bill
provides—as was stated in our report when the
bill was previously under consideration—for the
payment of a slave taken away by a British vessel
m the last war with'Great Britain, out of the fund
received from that Government for this purpose.]
Mr. CHAPMAN briefly explained and enforced :
the claim, and was interupted in his remarks by i
the expiration of the time ailoted to debate. 1
Messrs. ATKINSON andTUCK mademquiries
of Mr. Chapman in relation to the claim, which
were partly replied to; when objections were made
to further colloquy, and the order of the House to :
close the debate insisted upon. j
Mr. RHETT, who reported the bill, availed I
himself of the privileges of the rules, and made 1
some closing remarks tn explanation and support 1
ofthe bill. When he had concluded— j
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on !
the amendment of Mr. Atkinson. j
Mi. -ATKIN&ON said that the remarks of the !
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Chapman] were
so satisfactory to him that he would withdraw his
amendment; arid it was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. TURNER moved that the bill be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it bo
recommitted to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved that the bill be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The CHAIRMAN decided the latter motion to
have precedence.
Mr. VINTON asked a division of the question
on the latter motion, so as to have the question first
put on the first branch, viz:" that the bill be reported
to the House;"and secondly,on the second branch,
" with the recommendation that it do pass."
The CHAIRMAN decided the question to be
indivisible; from which decision an appeal was
taken; and the question being taken, the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
After many inquiries from various members, the
question was put oo Mr. Chapman's motion; and
it/was agreed to by tellers: Ayes 69, noes 59 So
the bill was laid aside to be reported, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The next bill on the calendar was for the relief
of the legal representatives of Cornelius Manning,
deceased. This bill is precisely similar in all re-
spects to the bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Benjamin Hodges, deceased. Jt pro-
vides for the payment to the legal representatives
of Cornelius Manning, deceased, of Maryland, of
two hundred and eighty dollar?, the value of a
slave conveyed from the United States by the
British fleet in 1814; the money to come out of
the fund allotted by the British Government under
the first article of the treaty of Ghent.
This bill was debated by Messrs. DICKEY*
RHETT, BURT, STEPHENS, LAHM, and
C. J. INGERSOLL.
Mr. COCKE moved that the committee rise;
which was agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and reported
bill No. 68, with a recommendation that it do pass,
and progress on bill No. 69.
Mr. COCKE then submitted a resolution to
terminate debate in five minutes after bill No. 69
shall be again taken up in Committee of the Whole,
which was agreed to; and the House again resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, and resumed
the consideration of that bill.
Mr. TUCK obtained the floor, and resumed the
discussion on the bill; and while proceeding in his
remarks—
The fall of the Chairman's hammer announced
the expiration of the time allowed to debate.
Mr. DUNCAN, ©f Kentucky, moved to amend
the bill by adding the following:
"Provided, however, Tnntno part of the above sum shiil
be taken from any of the claimants whose claims shall have
been recorded in the State Department, nor shall n he paid
unless the Secietary ot Stale is satisfied that no other per-
son shall be injured or prejudiced by the payment of the
same; and alv> that tne claim comes withiii the treaty of
Guent, and ought to be allowed."
He availed himself of the five-minutes rule, by
making a few remarks in support of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words " satisfied that,"
the woids " it can be paid out of said fund, and
that."
Mr, DUNCAN modified his amendment as
suggested by Mr. Collamer; and it was then
agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to add to the bill the
following proviso:
"Prowled, also, That nothing in this bill cjiall he so con-
strued to pay from the treusuiy anv greater fum, including
the expenses of the communion to determine th<> Hamia for
slaves, than the amount received from Great Bi itaiu. '*
He made some remarks, which occupied the five
minutes allowed by the rules, during which he was
cai:ed to order at difl'cient times by Messrs. C. J.
INGERSOLL and HASKELL.
Mr. VLNABLL moved to amend Mr. Gid-
dings's amendment by striking out. the words
"including: the expenses of the commission to
determine the claims for slaves."
Mr. V. explained his amendment, and it was
agreed to.
The amendment as amenile'l was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to amend bill No. 68
by adding thereto the same amendments agreed to
