788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
ernment was now without the force of any pre-
emption law whatever, and he proceeded to explain
the necessity of final action upon the bill.
The motion was then agreed to; and the bill,
having been ordered to be engrossed, was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House resolve
into Committee o£ the Whole on the state of the
Union; which motion was disagreed to.
BROOKLYN DRY DOCK.
Mr. MURPHY moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the consideration of the bill making addi-
tional appropriations for the dry dock of the
Brooklyn navy-yard—stating, as an inducement
for the action of the House, that the men employed,
upon this work had had no pay for four months,
and that this was one of the first bills on the calen-
dar.
Mr. VINTON reminded the gentleman from
New York that the bill referred to, which was a
bill to make an appropriation of money, had not
yet received the action of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and therefore it
■was not yet in order to bring it before the House.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 27, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill yesterday reported to the House by the
Committee of the Whole supplemental to an act
to confirm the survey and location of claims for
lands in the State of Mississippi, east of Pearl
river and south of the 31st degree of north lati-
tude, approved March 3, 1845.
The question being on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the same so as to extend the time to any person
interested in the lands for making the surveys and
returns from and after the passage of the bill to the
1st of January, 1850.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill or-
dered to he engrossed; and, being engrossed, was
read a third time, passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred Senate bills concern-
ing Spanish steam vessels, and authorizing the i
issuing of registers to the Spanish steam vessels !
Trident and Cetro for a limited time, reported the !
same back to the House without amendment.
They were then severally read a third time,
passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate bill to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Joseph Nourse, deceased, was
passed. The motion, by consent, was laid over.
The House, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
of Connecticut, resolved itself into Committe of
the Whole on the private calendar. The Speaker
invited Mr. Daniel, of North Carolina, to take
the chair, who, for cause, asked to be excused.
The Speaker thereupon called to the chair Mr.
Collamer, ofVermont.
The first bill on the calendar was the bill for the
relief of John P. Converse. It was debated bv
Messrs BOWLIN, ROCKWELL of Connecti-
cut, DANIEL, EVANS of Maryland. H EM-
MONS, CRO WELL, and SAWYER. "
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend by
striking out $591 and inserting $379. Lost.
Mr. SAWYER moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. Agreed to.
The bills for the relief of William Puller and
Orlando Saltmarsh, and for the relief of H. D.
Johnson, and Senate bill for the relief of Joseph
Wilson, were next taken up, read, and laid aside
to be reported to the House.
Senate bill for the relief of William. B. Slaughter,
late Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin, was
then taken up and amended, by adding a proviso,
providing that the said balance shall not exceed
$1,731 51, and ordered to be reported to the House.
The next bill taken up was for the relief of the
legal representatives of Joshua Kennedy, deceased.
It was debated by Messrs. DANIEL, POL-
LOCK, and ROCKWELL of Connecticut; but,
pefore final action was had upon the bill—
Mr. DANIEL moved that the committee rise.
Decided by tellers—ayes 47, noes 47. The Chair-
man voted in the affirmative; and the committee
rose accordingly, and reported its action to the
House.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. MANN: The petition of VVm. Bartlett and 113
other citizens of Massachusetts, in behall of cheap postage.
By Mr. WENTWORTH : The petition oi sundry citizens
of McLean county, lor a post route trom Waynesville, via
Mount Hope, Hittle's Grove, and Mackinaw .Point, to Dil-
lon.
Hy Mr. ASHMUN: The memorial of R. B. Forbes and a
large number of others, citizens ot Massachusetts, engaged
in commerce, navigation, and insurance, representing mat
our naval force in the European waters is inadequate to the
protection of American commerce in the present unsettled
condition oi European Governments, and asking that it may
be speedily increased, and that a portion ot tlie vessels to be
constructed should, with a view to economy and piompt-
ness, be built by private enterprise.
By Mr. GRIjnNELL: The petition of Pope &. Morgan,
and other owners of ship Chandler Price, asking compen-
sation for expenses incuired in ransoming the crew ot the
whale-ship Columbia, ot New London, from the inhabitants
ol the King's Mill Islands, Pacific Ocean.
By Mr. cCHBNCK: Sundry petitions from many citizens
of Ohio ana New York, praying Congress to direct a pur-
chase of. breadstnfis, and test the utility of the same for
; army and navy putposes, as prepared under the process
j patented to J. it. Suftoid, of Cleveland, Ohio, lor drying flour
| and meal in such manner as to resist the influences ot lime
' and clnnate.
By Mr. NICOLL: The petition of Godfrey Pattison & Co.,
RtnvIcUid & Atpiuwal), N. L. Criswold, Cary St Co., and
others, merchants and manulactuieis of the city of New
York, praying lor the passage ot a law permitting manufac-
tured goods adapted tor printing to be imported m toe gray
and printed m bond, and thereafter exported tree of duty.
By Air". ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: The petition of
176 citizens of Norwich, in the State ot Connecticut, repre-
senting that a monopoly has been established by the laws of
New Jersey, in relation to the Camden and Amboy Railroad
Company and Delaware and Rautan Canal Company, in
violation ot the rights and highly injurious to the lnteiest of
the public, and especially m the transportation ot the United
States mails, and praying that Congress will direct the sur-
vey of a route for a post road between the cities of New
Yoilf and Philadelphia; the said road to be retained under
rlie perpetual control of tiie Union, and to be used for the
construction ot a lailioad; the road to be constructed by the
United fotates, or by a company authorized by act of Con-
gie^s, for the transportation ot the mail and lor other pur-
poses.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 29, 1848.
I The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. TUCK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following preamble and resolu-
tion, which were read for information:
Whereas citizens of the United States, in great numbers,
havtt otteu memorialized Congress on the subject oi abol-
ishing slavery and the slave trade in the Distuct of Colum-
bia, and petitions lor this object, signed by citizens of the
District and others, have been presented to this House at its
present session :
And whereas all the memorials and petitions on this sub-
ject ever presented, have either been laid on the table with-
out being read or printed, or have been reteired to coui-
mitiees who have never taken any action thereon, nor re-
jj ported whether said petitions ought or ought not to be
II granted.
11 And whereas it is the right of the citizens of these United
ji States, not only to present their petitions to Congress, but
| | to have the justice and propriety ot their requests careiully
considered and acted upon: therefore,
' j Resolved, That the several eornmmeps of this House, to
j whom have been relerred petitions or memorials for the
j abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the JJistrict of
j Columbia, be directed to take the same into consideration,
: and to report thereon at the earliest practicable period.
j! The reception of this resolution being objected
|| to, Mr. T. moved a suspension of the rules to
|| enable him to offer it, but the motion to' suspend
11 the rules was rejected.
Si Mr. PETTXT, by general consent, offered the
| following resolution; which was read, considered,
i and agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
i report to this House how many persons, of all descriptions,
! wer^ employed in the naval and marine service of the Uni-
ted States at the commencement of the present war with
j Mexico, and how many have entered said service since that
j period, and the respective States from which both classes
; entered said service.
! THE NEXT CENSUS.
INGERSOLL moved a suspension
oi the rules, in order that a resolution might be
submitted by him to make the bills which had
been reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (public bills,) the spe-
cial order of the day for the third Tuesday in .Tune.
He stated that unless opportunity should be afford-
ed at the present session for passing some of these
bills,serious mischiefs would probably be theconse-
quence, amounting even to a disregard of the Con-
stitution. In the 26th Congress it was so late
when provision was made for taking the census or
enumeration ofthe inhabitants of the United States,
that it was believed not to exhibit the population
of 1840, as contemplated by the Constitution, but
that of 1841. He wished to enact a law at the
present session which would enable the proper
officers to make arrangements for beginning the
work in the very beginning of the year 1850, so
that it might be completed in proper time. Other
bills embraced in the motion were scarcely less
entitled to consideration. After the repeated at-
tempts which he had made to the effect now sug-
gested, Mr. I. said he should despair of getting
these important matters acted on during the present
session if the present motion to suspend the rules
should not prevail. Objection was made.
Mr. I. said the gentleman had no right-to object.
He moved to suspend the rules, and no objection
could prevent him from insisting on having the
question put.
The question was then" put on suspending the
rules—ayes 75, noes 45. Two-thirds not voting
in the affirmative, the rules were not suspended,
and the resolution was not received.
OREGON.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, asked the general con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution making the
bill to establish the Territorial Government of Ore-
gon the special order of the day immediately after
the general appropriation bills (now the special
order) shall have been disposed of, except on Fri-
days and Saturdays.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to his friend
from Indiana [Mr. Smith] to modify his amend-
ment, so as to resolve the House into committee at
once, in order that immediate action might be had
upon the Oregon territorial bill. Mr. McC. had a
letter from a citizen of Oregon, dated as late as the-
1st of January last, which represented the coun-
try to be in a most distressing situation. The
Indians had murdered a number of the whites, and
an open and cruel war was waged by the Indians
| against them. Humanity and public duty demand-
j ed that prompt measures should be taken to give
' security to the persons and property of American
citizens in Oregon.
Objection being made to the reception of Mr.
Smith's resolution.—
Mr. SMITH moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to offer the resolution j on which,
motion the yeas and nays were taken, and the
vote resulted: Yeas 155, nays 12.
Two-thirds having voted in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended, and the resolution received.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid before-
the House the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States:
I lay before Congress the accompanying memorial and
papers, which have been transmuted to me hy a special
messenger, employed for that purpose by the Governor an£
<• Legislative Assembly of Oregon Territory," who constitute
the temporary government which the inhabitants of that
distant region of our country have, from the necessity of
their condition, organized for themselves. The memorial-
ist* are citizens of the United States. They express ardent
attachmentto their native land, and, m their pre«entperiloua
and distressed situation, they earnestly invoke the aid and
protection of their Government.
They represent that "the proud and powerful tribes of
Indians'1 residing m their vicinity have recently raised "the
war-whoop, and crimsoned their tomahawks in the blood of
their citizens;" that they apprehend that "many oi the
powerful trihes inhabiting the upper valley of the Columbia
have formed an alliance for the purpose of carrying on hos-
tihties against their settlements;  that the number ofthe
I white population is far inferior to that of the savages ; that
they aie deficient *n arms and money, and fear that they do
not possess strength to repel the " attack of so formidable a
foe and protect their families and property from violence and
rapine." They conclude their appeal to the Government of
the United States for relief by declaim# : "If it be at all the
' intention of our honored parent to spread her guardian
'wing over her suns and (laughters in Oregon, she surely
c will not refuse to do it now, when they are struggling with
{all the ills of a weak and temporary government, and when,
' perils are daily thickening around them and preparing to
i burst upon their heads. When the ensuing summer's sun
e shall have dispelled the snow from the mountains, we
< shall look with glowing hope and restless anxiety tor the
< coming of your laws and jour arms."
In my message of the 5tii of August, 1846, communicating
" a copy ofthe convention for th« s«ttlem nt and adju8Un«at
