792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 29,
too late, and that he could not now submit such a
motion. . „ , ,
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Georgia that the gentteman from Massachusetts
had possession of the ffcor, he having risen to sub-
mit a resolution, and to move a suspension of the
rules for its admission.
Mr. ASHMUN then again moved the suspen-
sion of the rules, and asked for the yeas and nays
thereon^ which were ordered.
Mr. COBB asked the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts what time he proposed to fix by his reso-
lution for the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. ASHMUN replied the 10th of July.
Mr. COBB said the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means had this morning informed
them that the appropriation bills would not be got
through with before the 1st of July„and then there
would be the army bill, the Oregon bill, and others
of great importance.
The SPEAKER interposed, and informed the
gentleman from Georgia that the question was not
debatable.
The yeas and nays were then taken on suspend-
ing the rules, and resulted thus—yeas 113, nays
69; so the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HUNT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate bill concerning Spanish steam
vessels was passed by the House on Saturday
last. The motion was laid over for the present.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to offer a resolution to make the post j
route bill the special order of the day for Friday '
next. It was decided by yeas and nays—yeas 88,
nays 82. Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative,
the rules were not suspended.
• JMr.GRlNNELL moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer a resolution making
Senate bill to repair the dam at the head of Cum-
berland Island, m the Ohio river, and the several
river and harbor bills of the House, the special
order of the day after the Oregon bit! was dis-
posed of, and so to continue, Fridays and Satur-
days excepted, until disposed of.
After several inquiries from members—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved an
adjournment. Lost.
The vote was then taken on suspending the
rules by yeas and nays, and there were—yeas 100,
nays 67.
Two-thirds not voting in favor thereof, the rules
were not suspended.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The House, on motion of Mr. VINTON, re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Daniel P. King, of Mas-
sachusetts," in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department.
"When the committee was last in session on this
bill, Mr. Rhett moved to amend the item:
" For transportation of the mails within the United States,
®2,.540,700," by reducing the sum to §2,495,700, and adding
to the end of the item the words, " for the transportation of
®4^ 000 "" stea'"~ve3sels between Charleston and Havana,
Which amendment was amended by 'adding
thereto the following, (moved by Mr. King, of
Georgia:)
The said steamers to be employed in the conveyance of
the mail from Charleston to Havana shall stop, going and re-
turning, at Savannah, in Georgia, to deliver and receive let-
ters, papers, passengers, and freight; provided there shall be
no increase of compensation thereior. The said steamers
shall also be commanded by officers of the navy not below
the grade of lieutenant, and shall receive four midshipmen
on board as watch officers ; the said officerato be aceommo-
dated without charge to the Government. i
Mr. KING then moved further to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Prom,lei, Tnat the contract madejby the Postmaster
General for the transportation of the mail from Charleston
via Savannah and Key West, to Havana, is hereby trans-
ferred to the Navy Department, and placed under the care
and direction of tile Secretaiy of the Navy, who shall ap-
point a skillful naval constructor to superintend the con-
struction ol'fhe steamers to be employed in said service.
The question on tin's latter amendment was
pending when the committee rose on the 18th in-
stant.
Mr. RHETT explained that this amendment
was necessary in order to carry out the provisions
of a contract which had already been entered into
by the Postmaster General with certain individu- '
als for the transportation of the mail by steam be- j
tween Charleston and the Havana. In the faith I
of this contract one of the steamers was in pro-
gress of construction, and provision had been
made for the building of another. The Postmas-
ter General had supposed that the sum inserted
in this bill for general mail transportation would
have been sufficient to cover this contract; but it
turned out otherwise, and hence the necessity for
inserting the amendment.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK was desirous of amending this
amendment, but Mr. RHETT objected, and raised
the point of order that it would not be in order to
amend the amendment, because tellers had been
ordered upon it.
This point was argued by Messrs. RHETT,
SCHENCK, and HOUSTON, of Alabama; when
Mr. R. not pressing his objection, the CHAIR,
ruled to receive Mr. Schenck's amendment, the
object of which was to require that these steamers
should be so constructed, that while the direct pur-
pose of their construction was the transportation
j of the mail, they might be susceptibleofa transform-
ation into war steamers, if the exigencies of the
Government should render such an addition to the
strength of the navy expedient or necessary.
Mr. S. thought we ought not to refuse to be in-
structed by the experience of other countries; and
he then referred to the policy observed by Great
Britain in the building of her mail steamers, which
had purposely been so planned that each of her
large mail vessels might at pleasure become a ves-
sel of war. If this contract should, as had been
proposed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
King,] be transferred from the Post Office Depart-
ment to that of the Navy, the contract might, with
the assent of the contractors, be so modified as to
effect the purpose he had indicated. But unless
such an ulterior use of these steamers should be
provided for, Mr. S. would be compelled, however
reluctantly, to vote against the whole appropria-
tion, as he could not consent to incur such an ex-
penditure for mail transportation solely.
Mr. STRONG wanted the question divided, so
as to get a separate vote on the appropriation of
$45,000 for these steamers between Charleston and
the Havana, the propriety of which appropriation
he was disposed to question.
A long and desultory discussion on order here \
arose, as to the manner in which such a vote might
be reached in conformity with the rules.
It was at length suggested by Mr. FICKLIN
that a vote on the amendment as amended would
accomplish the gentleman's purpose.
The amendment to the amendment having been
agreed to, the question recurred on the amendment
as amended, when it was carried: Ayes 75, noes
41.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the item " for
mail depredations and special agents, $12,000,"
by inserting after the word " for" the words " the
detection and prevention of;" so that it would read
"for the detection and prevention of mail depre-
dations," &c.
This amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued, and when
completed, the committee rose and reported the
bill as amended.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered; but before, being put,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 29, 1848.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following letter:
Washington, May 29, 1848.
Sir: I hereby resign my seat in the Senate of
the United States as one of the Senators from the
State of Michigan.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
tt r, „ ^ | LEW. CASS.
Hon. Geo. M. Dallas,
Vice President uf the United States.
On motion of Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the Vice President inform the
Governor of Michigan of said resignation.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a memorial and other papers from the
Governor and "Legislative Assembly" of Oregon,
invoking the aid and protection of the Govern-
ment of the United States. [For the Message, see
House proceedings.]
Mr. BRIGHT moved that the message and doc-
uments be referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON said that there was no neces-
sity for any reference of the subject to - the Com-
mittee on the Territories, as that committee had
already done what the President recommended;
and-the Committee on Public Lands has also re-
ported a bill to grant donations of land and for the
appointment of Indian agents; which bills were
only now awaiting the action of the Senate. There
was, therefore, no necessity for a reference of the
subject to either of those committees, if indeed at
all; but, if the Senate thought it ought to be re-
ferred, there might be some propriety in sending
to the Committee on Military Affairs so much of it
as related to the raising of the additional regiment
of mounted men, as there was no law authorizing
the President to raise this force. He suggested
the reference of the message to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT signified his acquiescence in this
"course; and the message and documents were
accordingly referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented thiee several memorials,
numerously signed by inhabitants of Maine,asking
that an inquiry may be instituted by Congress as to
whether the slave trade is carried on in the District
of Columbia; and, if so, under what authority of
law. The motion to receive these petitions was
laid on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking the construction of a post route from Phila-
delphia to New York, in the shape of a railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from Jedediah
Gray, asking a pension for injuries received while
in the service of the Ordnance department; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BELL presented a petition from Samuel F.
Read, asking compensation for a horse taken for
the United States service during the Florida war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from citizens
of the western district of Louisiana, asking the es-
tablishmentof a judicial district north ofRed river,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition from citizens of Louisiana, in
favor of the purchase of Mount Vernon; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Lawrence M. Morton and others, clerks in the
pay department of the army at New Orleans, asking
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. C. observed that the memorial was couched
in respectful and appropriate language, and he
thought the prayer reasonable, and that it ought to
be granted.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from Candace
Munn, asking to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
i consideration of the memorial of William Norris,
; and thatit be referred to the Committee on Finance.
J Mr. YULEE also, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the memorials of
Sarah Heblmrd and Sarah Ann Hart.
Mr. YULEE also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of Abel Gregg.
Mr. YULEE also, from the same committee,
reported the bill in addition to an act for the more
equitable distribution of the navy pension fund,
recommending that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. YULEE also, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of John Baldwin.
Mr. YULEE also, from the same committee,
reported the bill for the relief of John W. Simon-
ton, with an amendment substituting a ijcw bill.
Mr. YULEE also, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorials of John Erickson and of
Ann Kelly, and made a report in each case.
Mr. BK.ADBURY, from the Committee 6n
