1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
Claims, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Amos Holton,
on the ground of insufficient evidence.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of Fran-
cis M. Ilolton, -without amendment, and a report
recommending its passage.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to punish violations of the
secret proceedings of Congress; which was read a
first time.
[This bill provides that any person who shall
abstract, receive, or carry away from any one hav-
ing the lawful custody or possession thereof, or
•from where the same may have been deposited or
placed, any paper, document, or communication,
or any copy of the saYne, or part thereof, or any.
minute or report of the proceedings, shall, on con-
viction before any United States court having
criminal jurisdiction, be adjudged guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and punished by a fine not less than
 dollars, and imprisoned for a term not more
than , nor less than . It also makes
the same punishment applicable to those who,
having the lawful custody, charge, or control of
such papers, either give, lend, or otherwise com-
municate the same, or print or publish them.
And, in all cases of such contempt, it is made the
duty of the marshal of the District to take the cul-
prits into custody, and retain them in the public
jail, according to the tenor and terms of the order
of commitment.]
Mr. WEBSTER rose and stated, that at the last
session asumhad been appropriated for the erection
of a light-house at the western end of Long Island
Sound,.and some progress was made in the work.
Some causes had occurred to delay the construc-
tion. He wished to submit a resolution ofinquiry,
which he hoped the Senate would agree to. For
want of this light, the Government had very recent-
ly sustained a heavy loss. He submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the
Senate what progress has been made in the erection of a
light-house on Execution Rocks, under the act of 3d March,
1&47, and what causes have occurred to delay the comple-
tion of that work.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That Mr. Benton be chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, in the place of Mr. Cas3, resigned, and
that the Chair fill the vacancy.
The VICE PRESIDENT nominated Mr. Bor-
land to supply the vacancy thus occasioned.
An immense number of private bills from the
House of Representatives were read a first and
second time by their titles, and appropriately re-
ferred.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the Indian department; and the
amendments proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance having been adopted—
Mr. ATCH1SOJN said he had been instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to^nove an
amendment to the bill. He was not at this mo-
ment prepared to offer the amendment, and he would
therefore move that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow; which motion
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the prior orders were
postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill from the House to amend the
act to provide for the transportation of the mail
between the United States and foreign countries,
and for other purposes.
Mr. NILES having explained the object of the
bill and amendments reported by the committee—
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved an amend-
njfent to one of the amendments, which was agreed
to, after some explanations between Mr- Niles and
Mr. Davis.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the^first section of
the bill by striking out the words which empower
custom-house officers to open packages to search
for letters.
Mr. H. thought, as the bill now stood, it^gave a
power to the custom-house officers which might be
much abused. He thought the power to break
open packages, on suspicion that they might con-
tain letters, was too great to be conferred on any
officer.
* Mr. NILES said the clause only referred to for-
eign steam vessels. Frauds had taken place, and
if we undertake to legislate at all, we should make
the legislation effectual.
The amendment was rejected. ,
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of David Myerle.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the bill
by inserting a provision that Myerle, before" re-
ceiving the amount appropriated by the bill, should
give bonds, with sureties, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, to secure the payment,
out of the sum, to certain creditors, who, as was
alleged, had furnished hlfc with hemp, to enable
him to fulfill his corttract with the Government.
Some discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
BAGBY, UNDERWOOD, BENTON, CRIT-
TENDEN, and BADGER, took part; when—
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed until Wed-
nesday.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 30, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
before the House was on agreeing to the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to the bill making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1849; which question was
pending when the House adjourned yesterday, and
on which the previous question was operating.
The question was put on agreeing to the first
amendment, viz: the amendment moved by Mr.
Rhett, which was amended by adding thereto the
amendments moved by Messrs. King, of Georgia,
and Schenck.
The question was decided by yeas and nays:
Yeas 75, nays 77.
The other amendments were then read and agreed
to, aud the bill ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time and passed.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom were referred the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending June 30, 1849, reported the same
back to the House, with the recommendation that
the House concur in said amendments of the
Senate.
A QUESTION OF ORDER.
The House then, on motion of Mr.'VINTON,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Toombs, of Georgia,
in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the above-
mentioned bill,and theSenate's amendments there-
to. "
Mr. RHETT obtained the floor, and observed
that it was his purpose on this occasion to depart
in what he had to say from the subject directly
before the committee, and speak of some other
matters which were connected with the interests of
the American people, and with the existing state
of things.
Mr. VINTON hereupon rose to order. The
gentleman had with great frankness given notice
to the committee, that what he intended to say
would not be on the bill or amendment immediate-
ly before the committee, but on something else.
It was very true, that hi Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, great latitude of debate
was usually allowed, but not, as was now frankly
avowed, a total departure from the subject befoie
the committee for discussion. All remarks than
those which had reference to the subject under
consideration would be irrelevant and wholly out
of order.
Mr. RHETT said that most certainly he had
not risen, avowing, as he had done, his intention
to discuss other matters than those connected with
the bill before the committee, without having first
fortified himself with precedents to sustain him m
such a course. When the post office bill had re-
cently been under consideration in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and a gen-
tleman had commenced a speech upon the Mexican
war, the chairman of the committee had called him
to order for irrelevancy, and ruled him to be out
of order in speaking to a subject not before the
committee; but on an appeal from that decision, it
had been reversed, and it was held that when the
House was in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, a member might speak on any
subject he pleased.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. Rhett to be out of
order. . .
From this decision Mr. RHETT took an ap-
peal, referring to the decision by the House -in
opposition to the Chairman on the occasion men-
tioned. The only difference in the question then
and now, lay in this: that on the former occasion,
the committee had had the post office bill before
them, and now they had the Military Academy
Tellers were demanded on the vote to be taken,
and ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rejoiced that the ques-
tion had been presented for decision. There was
now an opportunity to get a decision that should
guide the future course of the House in cases of
this kind. '
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, insisted that this
was a very different case from thatwhen the House
had been in committee on the post office bill. It
had "now no entire bill before it, but simply an
amendment sent back from the Senate on one soli-
tary isolated point, viz: the appointment of a Board
of Visiters to attend the annual examination at
West Point for the present year. This differed
entirely from ordinary cases of bills taken up in
Committee of the Whole an the state of the Union,
and the practice of the House on such bills ought
not to be considered as a precedent for this case.
Mr. RHETT could not see the distinction which
the gentleman considered as so broad and obvious.
The committee were upon an amendment to a bill,
and it made no difference m principle whether that
amendment had originated in the House itself or
in the Senate. When the House was in commit-
tee on the state of the Union, anything that in any
way affected the state of the Union was admissi-
ble and in order. Ever since Mr. R. had had the
honor of a scat here, such had been the practice;
and, as he had before stated, when a contrary de-
cision had been attempted, the House had over-
ruled it.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, said that it mattered
not what had been the practice in times past, the
House could make a new decision now; and he
trusted they would, and such a decision as would
for the future keep gentlemen within legitimate
bounds of order, and prevent such violations of all
parliamentary principle as had been witnessed in
that Hall, and more especially during the present
session. The gentleman from South Carolina gave
notice beforehand that he should not speak to the
bill before the committee, butabout something else;
and after this frank annunciation asked the gentle-
men to sit and hear him. Mr. B. hoped that, in-
stead of doing this, they should sustain the decision
of the Chair. Mr. B., for one, was ready to do so
by his vote, and hoped to see an end put to this
wandering all over the world m rambling speeches,
instead of speaking to the subject on which the
committee was called to act.
Mr. BAYLY said he should entirely agree with
his colleague, were it now earlier in the session,
and the practice was now to be originally settled;
but, having allowed the liberty to others, he
thought it would seem invidious if the committee
should now rigidly enforce the strictness of par-
liamentary law. The ruling of the Chair was
undoubtedly right, according to the rules of the
House. It was for the House to relax the appli-
cation of its own rules, and not for us Chairman
i to do it.
| Mr. WOODWARD could not sustain the decis-
,, ion of the Chair. The rules did not and could
11 not define with exactness the range of debate.
j1 They declared that an enlarged liberty of debate
j1 should be permitted in Committee of the Whole,
|; but not how large that liberty should be. The
! rules not having defined it, its limitation must be
j| only by the practice of the House.
| Mr. SIMS here read two rules of order, one
! i declaring that in the House gentlemen should con-
li fine their remarks to the question in debate, and
11 the other that the rules of the House should be ap-
j! plicable in Committee of the Whole. Of course,
i, a member in Committee of the Whole could not
li speak on questions not under debate. ...
Mr woodward resumed, and still insisted
i that no rule could exactly define how large the
sphere of debate should be; that must be left to be
settled by the practice of the House. And what
was the practice on this subject ? It was notorious
