1848.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
7S5
-with this view Mr. Y. had referredHo the fact, that
after three months of strenuous effort <fh his part,
the House had even now scarcely Entered on the
consideration of these important and necessary
bills.* Yet there was but one month remaining in
which to get through (hem. ' To reverse the decis-
ion of the Chair would be in effect to say, that when
an appropriation bili was under discussion for the
maintenance of our military academy, a gentleman
might delay its passage by discussing the Mexican
war, or the Texas boundary, or the Wilmot pro-
viso, or whatever else he chose to talk about. The
effect of this was, that the time for discussing the
bill having been limited, no opportunity was allowed
Mr. V. or anybody else to explain the grounds of
the bill; and it had repeatedly happened that the
debate had been closed without the true grounds of-
the bill being either explained or understood.
The House would" thus be prevented from ever
enforcing discussion on any subject of whatever
importance, because the whole time which should
be devoted to such discussion was consumed in
irrelevant speeches. By such a course the whole
value of debate must eventually be lost and de-
stroyed. Gentlemen had called for precedents.
They knew that no journal was kept of decisions
in the Committee of the Whole—so that no au-
thentic record of precedents could be produced.
The rule was, that although in Committee of the
Whole great freedom of debate was to be allowed,
yet matters wholly foreign from the subject m de-
bate were not to be discussed. This was only that
a fuller opportunity might be afforded properly and
fully to discuss the real matter under consideration.
TheCHAIRMAN [Mr. Toombs] herestated the
position of the Academy bill—its passage in the
House, and its return from the Senate with a single
amendment.
He knew that very great latitude of debate bad
been permitted in Committee of the Whole. One
reason of this had been, that when a gentleman rose
to speak, it was very difficult to tell, beforehand,
that his remarks were going to be out of order, and
he could not be cheeked until that was clearly ap-
parent. But when a gentleman avowed at the
outset that he did not intend to speak to the bill
before the committee, it "was not possible for his'
remarks to be in order. The Chair did not con-
eider previous decisions in committee as furnishing
rules for the House. The House had made its
own'rules, and the chairman of a committee must
be guided by them alone. He should have no
hesitation in overruling at any time decisions in
committee which contravened the rules of the
House. TV only question was, whether the pres-
ent debate should be on the bill referred to the com-
mittee. The rules confined debate expressly to
the subject before the House; all else was out of
order. -
Mr. BEDINGER could not agree with the
decision o'f the Chair, nor did he think (though
meaning no disrespect to the chairman) that the
reasoning by which it had been sustained was con-
clusive. It was the privilege of any member, when
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to utter anything which was connected
with or had a bearing on the state of the Union;
and if he might do this, it mattered not whether
he avowed beforehand the intention to do so or
not. If it was his right to speak to whathe pleased,
then it was also his right to avow the intention to
do so. This right had ever been held the great
bulwark of freedom of debateand of fieedom in the
country. Was the House, when in committee, to
be confined to those subjects only which came to
it from its standing committees, or which were
•suggested by the Executive ? He thought not. He
held that the people had a right to information on
other subjects as well as these. It had been said
by an*eminent statesman, and a no less eminent
orator, that he would not give the debates in Con-
gress on the Panama mission for any treatise nor
all the treatises put together which had ever been
written upon government. Those debates had not
been confined to that mission merely; they had
taken a wide and vast range.
As to the objection of the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] about permitting a long and
rambling debate on an isolated question in an
amendment to a bill, he would ask thatgentleman if
he had ever heard a debate in that House which was
not a rambling debate ? There had been a rambling
debate now; and, if the rule against irrelevancy
w&S'tO'be-put upon the House or committee in all
its strictness, the Chair would have little else to do
than perpetually to be calling members to order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired to add one or
two views that bad not been suggested by any other
gentleman. He protested agamst the decision of
the Chair. If the decision of the Chair should be
sustained,and heapprehended thatitwould, whose
rights would be affected thereby? Not their indi-
vidual rights, but the rights of the constituencies
that they represented on this floor, 'l^hey were
there in a representative capacity, and the question
then arose, what right had anybody to say that
his constituents should not be heard here by their
representative?
After a brief allusion to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] which
elicited a reply from that gentleman, he proceeded
to say that this was a money bill which had been
sent to the Senate, and returned with an amend-
ment, in which the House was asked to concur. If
the sum involved in the amendment was §2,000
or $2,000,000, the principle was the same. They
who represented the people, who pay the taxes—
those from whom the money was taken—had the
right on such a question to say what they pleased,
it was the right of their constituents that they
should do so. It was a right winch had been theirs
since the English revolution of 1668. He then
alluded to the practice in the Commons House of
the English Parliament, in which, when in Com-
mittee of ihe Whole, the chairman did not occupy
the Speaker's chair, as was the practice here, but
took a seat at the Clerk's desk, the mace, the em-
blem of authority of the House, being removed,
and the House became simply a committee of gen-
tlemen assembled to talk over mailers, governed
only by gentlemanly rules of decorum and propri-
ety.
He next referred to the case which arose here
when William Lowndes called John Randolph to
oider for inelevancy in debate, and spoke of the
difficulty of ascertaining when John Randolph
was in order, and" yet they had rarely a more at-
tractive speaker. The manner of approaching a
subject was different m each different individual.
One individual would go directly to a question,
while another approached it more circuitously.
Each one had his own way, and the question there-
fore arose, what is irrelevancy? tie was an ad-
vocate for the largest liberty being allowed to every
man. They had been told by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that much of the
time of the House had been consumed by irrele-
vant debates, and the real business of Congress
had been left undone. Now, what better business
did this House of Representatives do than to debate ?
[Laughter.] He spoke not jocularly. He asked
again, what better business had they to do than to
make speeches? He spoke neither m contempt
nor ridicule.. He asserted that speeches delivered
here were more useful to this great American
nation, than any laws they could pass. The
members of this House came from constituencies
extending over two thousand miles square, and
soon to be extended by one thousand miles squaie
of Mexican territory to be annexed; it was there-
fore of the highest importance that the icpiesent-
atives of the people of evepy section of this great
Union should express their views to their col-
leagues coming from such distant extremes of the
country! He did nor apprehend that he should
be accused of demagogism, but what, he would
ask, was the cause of the delay in this House in
the transaction of its business, of which gentlemen
had complained?
The CHAIR intimated that the gentleman was
entering upon irrelevant matter.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL would not then pursue
it; he had simply intended to say, that some years
ago he had a seat on this floor, when their per
diem was five dollars, and then they sat a suffi-
cient number of hours to do their business; but
now that their per diem was eight dollars, they
sat a less number of hours, and complaints were
made that the chairmen of the Committee of Ways
and Means, of the Judiciary Committee, and others
tto, could not get their bills acted upon. If, how-
ever, to dwell on this point was out of order, he
would not further allude to it. He would only
say, in conclusion, that if on this occasion he was
to be in a minority, he would submit with the best
grace he could command; but he was satisfied that
on reflection the Chair would come to the conclu-
sion that-he was in error.
Mr. THOMPSON, of PenrisyJvania, said the
discussion which had been got up on this subject
sounded very peculiar to him. When he came to
Congress first, he made a solemn point of order
against somebody's rambling speech, and desired
the Chair to call him to order; but he was then
instructed that when they were in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, they had
the right to say anything on any subject. Time
and again, for two years, when he was yet but a
neophyte, he made similar attempts to arrest irrel-
evant debate, and with the same success. At an
early period of the present session, he called "a
gentleman to order,and then was told by the Chair
that in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, gentlemen had every latitude they thought
proper to take. He thought that all wrong, but it
was the practice of the House, and the practice
had become its law. He had heard a slaveiy de-
bate on the French resolutions; he had heard the
Mexican war debated on a variety of questions;
and why, he would ask, this newborn zeal, when
the practice had become so well settled? Why
should they now attempt to curtail the liberty of
speech? He did not hesitate to say that those
gentlemen who had spoken against the utmost lat-
itude of debate, had delivered themselves fully on
questions before this House.
He had not troubled the House himself with
any remarks of his during this session, though he
would not conceal the fact that he desired to do so.
He had recently attended a convention at Balti-
more, and now, having changed his candidate for
the Presidency, he wished to explain his position,
but he had found it impossible to get the floor for
that purpose. He had been desirous, too, to make
some observations on other questions which en-
grossed the attention of the country—the Mexican
was, f°v instance—but he had found it impossible
to do so. He had been assured that, according to
the universal practice of the House, he could avail
himself of an opportunity on sorfte other occasion
when in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, when debate was entirely unrestricted.
If this were not so, why was there such a differ-
ence in the rules respecting the Committee of the
Whole House and the Committee of the Whoie
on the state of the Union ? In Committee of the
Whole House, members were confined to the pend-
ingquestion; but not so in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in which they might
discuss anything having any reference to the state
of the Union; and when they got tired, they usu-
ally rose and passed a resolution fixing a limit to
the debate, under the operation of which all dis-
cussion was stopped The rule now attempted to
be established would be a correct rule to start
with, he was ready toadmit; but for twenty yeais
it had not been the practice >of the House to re-
strict debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and therefore he protested against
the decision of the Chair at this time.
Mr. HUNT contended that the decision of the
Chair was according to the rules of the House, but
they had been told that the practice of the House
had superseded its rules. To this doctrine he could
not subscribe. He concurred with the Chair that no
practice of the committee could supersede the rules
adopted for us government, and he dissented from
the views which some gentlemen had expressed,
that to restrict debate by rules was an infringement
of the right of debate. What was the right of mem-
bers there? It was to discuss questions presented
for their action; and m doing this, it was proper-
to bring in questions incident to or relating to the
question under discussion. But it appeared to him
that they should not continue a practice which had
been permitted to supersede the parliamentary law,
and to retaid the public business by introducing
topics that did not appertain to the subject before
them. If such a practice were to be longer toler-
ated, it would be impossible to do the business of
the country in any reasonable time. He hoped
gentlemen would content themselves with discus-
sions in order, and not when in Committee of the
Whole on the Military Academy bill discuss the
power of this Government over the territories. ^
He concurred also in the rule which required
the committee to take up the bills in  he order in
which they stood on the calendar, and he was op-
posed to the repeal of it, which he understood the
Committee on Rules contemplated. That rule,
with debate limited to the subject under considera-
tion, would enable the House to transact all its
