1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
t)f the Chair was sustained, and Mr. Rhett ruled
to be out of order.
The amendments of the Senate were then read
and agreed to.
And the committee rose and reported accord-
ingly.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and, under.the operation
thereof, the amendments of the Senate were agreed
to.
Mr. HUDSON, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, made an adverse report on the petition of
Henry Simpson, surviving administrator of George
Simpson, deceased. Laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, to which was referred Senate
bill authorizing the payment of a sum of money to
Robert Purkis, reported the same without amend-
ment. Committed.
Mr. ROCKWE-LL also reported a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Darius Garri-
son. Read and committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL also made adverse reports on
the petitions of J. B. Cooper and Cary H. Fry.
Laid on the table.
Mr. CRO WELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Staunton W. Gaar.
Read and committed.
Mr. CROW ELL also made an adverse report on
the petition of James Sloan. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the petitions of
Augustus Steele and Peyton A. Kay. Laid on the
table.
Mr. DUNN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mr. Snavely, of
Indiana.,. Read and committed.
Mr.GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Henry Little
and Jacob Felch; and a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the marine hospital
and the lot of land on which it stands, at Chelsea,
in Massachusetts, and for the purchase of a new
site and the erection of a new marine hospital near
the city of Boston. Read and committed.
On motion 'of Mr. GRINNELL, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the bill to transfer the towns of Vinal
Haven, North Haven,and Islesboro',from the col-
lection district from Penobscot to that of Belfast.
Recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to confirm the title to
section 16 and the west half of section 12, in town-
ship three north, range sixteen east, in Seneca
county, Ohio; and a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act for the discontinuance of the office of
surveyor general in the several districts, so soon
a« the surveys therein can be completed; for abol-
ishing land offices under certain circumstances, and
for other purposes;" which bills were severally
read and committed,
Mr. DUNCAN reported a bill to provide for the
settlement of conflicts between Spanish land claims
and purchases under the United States, and for
other purposes. Read and committed.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the'petitions of Thomas G.
Holmes and of citizens of the State of Maine,
praying an appropriation of the public lands for
the extinction of slavery in the United States.
Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill to provide for the settlement of
the claim of Henry Washington, late a deputy
surveyor of the public lands in Florida, reported
the same back to the House with an amendment.
Committed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill granting the right of way
through the public lands in Indiana and Illinois to
the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad Company. The
bill w-as read twice.
Mr. EVANS stated, that as the bill involved no
appropriation, and as it was necessary to obtain
speedy action on the bill, he was directed by the
Committee on Public Lands to ask that it be put
upon its passage.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired of Mr. Evans
if the bill contained a provision requiring the rail-
road company to carry the United States mails.
Mr. EVANS replied that it did not, and briefly
explained the bill; and—
After brief remarks by Messrs. COBB, of Ga.,
DUNN, ROOT, HENLEY, and WHITE, who
moved the previous question, which was not sec-
onded, the bill was committed
On motion of Mr. ROOT, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the consideration*^
the bill to establish certain post routes, and it was
recommitted to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department was passed, and
asked that the motion be laid over for the present.
Mr. VINTON said there was no need of the
motion lying over. It could be acted on at once;
and he therefore moved the previous question.
Mr. WHITE moved to postpone the motion to
reconsider, but subsequently withdrew the motion
to postpone.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said he was
detained on his way to the House this morning,
and did not enter the Hall until after the vote had
been taken on the amendment to the Post Office
appropriation bill providing for the transportation
of the mail between Charleston and Havana in
steamers. It was a subject in which his constitu-
ents felt a deep interest, being interested possibly
to the amount of one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, and he hoped the House would extend to
him the courtesy of a reconsideration, in order to
afford him the opportunity of recording his vote.
This was an act of courtesy which he believed
was never refused,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. Lost.
fhe question on reconsideration was then put,
and decided in the affirmative: Yeas 84, nays 74.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved to
reconsider the vote ordering the bill to be en-
grossed.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to lay that motion
on  the table. Lost.
The question was put on the reconsideration of
the vote ordering the engrossment of the bill, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment of the
Committee of the whole, appropriating $45,000
for the transportation of the mail in steamers, un-
der commana of navy officers, between Charleston
and Havana, was disagreed to by the House.
After a few words by Mr. SAWYER—
Mr. DUER moved the previous question, which
was seconded; and, under its operation, the vote
rejecting the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole was reconsidered: Yeas 93, nays 77.
The bill and amendment being now before the
House—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " Savan-
nah" the words " Mobile, in Alabama." Lost.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LINCOLN moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee of the Whole was rejected: Yeas 76, nays
87.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was read a third time.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the previous
question, which was seconded; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. TAYLOR: The memorial of John Savage and 40
others, citizens of Philadelphia, setting forth the difficulties
existing in the transportation ot merchandise, passengers,
and the mails, between the cities ot New York and Phila-
delphia, in eon&cquence of the monopoly claimed by the
Camden and Amhoy Railroad Company, and the Delaware
and Raritan Canal Company, under their charters from the
State of New Jersey, and praying Congress to direct the
survey of a route for a post-road between the said cities;
the line of such toad to be retained under the perpetual con-
trol of the Union, and to be used for the construction of a
railroad by the United States, or by a company to be fomied
by an act of Congress, empowering the Postmaster General
to make such arrangements relative thereto as he may deem
best calculated to secure to the people of the United States,
for themselves, their coirospondence, and their merchan-
dise, frequency and rapidity of intercourse, and moderate
charges. Also, the memorial of David Hultz and 41 others,
citizens of Philadelphia, on the same subject. Also, the
memorial of John W. Leigh and 35 others, citizens of Phil-
adelphia , on the same subject.
By Mr. VINTON: The petition of Andrew McKim, pray-
ing to be placed on the pension-Jist.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL s Additional memorials'from
citizens of Philadelphia, askina for the survey ofaiotite for a
post-road between the cities of New York and Philadelphia..
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of a meeting of inhab-
itants of Northea&ton, Washington county, New York, pray-
ing for the termination of the war with Mexico.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Charles MeClain, of
Missouri, praying the confirmation of a tract of land to him.
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of N. V. Knickerbacker
and 524 others, citizens of Steuben county, New York, for the
passage of a law making newspapers free for thirty miles,
and for a uniform rate of postage on letters.
By Mr. DUER: The remonstrance of Silas Wood and
others, citizens of the United States, against the passage of
a bill to surrender to the State of Indiana the bonds of that
State held by the United States Government, and to receive
new bonds instead thereof.
By Mr. TALLMADGE: The petition of Timothy Carman
for a register for the schooner James, of New York. Also,
the petition of Dennis Harris for return of duties on sugars
destroyed by fire in the city of New York.
By Mr. SMART : The petition of Nesmith McClure and
others, asking the appointment of a committee of Congress
to ascertain whether, and to what extent, and by what law,
the slave trade exists m the District of Columbia.
By Mr. WARREN: The petition of E bert S. Manning
and others, citizens of Dutchess county, New York, praying
that the General Government no longer traffic in the public
lands ; that they be laid out into farms and lots for the free
use of such citizens as will occupy them, allowing the set-
tler the right to dispose of his possessions to any one not
possessed of other lands; and that the jurisdiction of the
public lands be transferred to the States or Terruoiies, on
condition that such disposition should be made of them.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 30, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
made agreeably to law, accompanied with such ac-
counts as have been rendered by persons charged
or intrusted with the disbursement of moneys,
goods, or effects, for the benefit of Indians, from
the 1st of October, 1846, to the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1847; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YTJLEE presented a petition from citizens
of Hamilton county, Florida, and James county,
Georgia, in favor of a mail route from Troupville,
Georgia, to Columbus, in Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a peti-
tion from citizens of Boston, asking the purchase
of Mount Vernon by the General Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from certain
citizens of Wisconsin, asking that the next census
may contain information relative to the number of
freeholders in each State and Territory of the
Union; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX presented additional documents rela-
ting to the claims of Elijah Pratt for remuneration
for the use of his patent valves; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from judges
and members of the bar of New Orleans, with a
report of the committee of the Louisiana bar, ask-
ing that the practice in the circuit and district courts
of the United States in all civil cases may be made
to conform to that of the courts of that State.
Mr. D.-explained the present system as being
very injurious in its opeiation, great injustice hav-
ing been perpetrated under it. , The State and the
bar of Louisiana would not have complained had
the evil been limited to the mere matter of proce-
dure; but it affected the principles ot law, and had
led to very serious consequences in the reversal
of the decision of the Supreme Court of the State,
by merely changing the residence of the claimants
to another State, and thus causing the improper
transfer of an immense amount of property.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the following memorials:
From the surviving officers and crew of the Uni-
ted States brig Somers;
From that of Ebenezer Whitten;
From that of William Davis; which was con-
curred in.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Resolved, That a select committee of tbiee be appointed
by the Presiding Officer of the Senate to examine into and
report upon the memorial of certain Cherokee claimants
presented io the Senate, complaining against the couise of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, as also the different
boards of commissions appointed under the Cherokee treaty
ef 1885 and 1825; and that said oomimttee haw power, and
