798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
they are hereby directed, to sead for records and papers, and
to cottipeltl e attendance of witness, and report to the
Satiate "ucti evidence as may be furnished hv the records
ami papers of be given by rhe witnesses touching the mat- I
ter  of complaint eoutunfcd in miscellaneous House docu-
ment No. 6 of the present session, and that .-aid committee
report what measure of relief, it' any, the claimants are en-
titled to.
Mr. ATCHISON, in pursuance of leave, intro-
duced a joint resolution to close the present session
of Congress, and to fix. a day for the next session;
which was read and ordered to a second reading,
as follows:
Resobed, tire-, That the present session of Congress he
closed by the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representative.*, by sidjourning their respective
House® at 12 o'clock meridian, on the fir&t Monday of July
lU'Xt, and that the next session of Congress be held the first
Monday of October next.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the biU making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent expen-
ses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending on the 30th June, 1849.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to amend the bill by
inserting a clause appropriating $10,000 to remu- I
nerate Colonel R. M. Johnson for the houses ren- j
dered useless by the discontinuance of the Indian
school.
Mr. ATHERTON said he must object to the j
proposed amendment, which had nothing to do j
with the bill, or with any other appropriation bill, j
It was strictly and propeily a claim. It proposed
to pay $10,000 to Colonel R. M. Johnson for inju-
ries alleged to have resulted to him from the re-
moval of the Choctaw school, if it was to be the
subject of legislation at all, it ought to be intro-
duced as a distinct measure, and made the subject
of a separate bill. A rule had been introduced in
the House of Representatives prohibiting the inser-
tion in appropriation bills of amendments, unless
for some object authorized by law. Bills ot this
character ought to be kept clear of amendments
which had not been subjected toexamination by the
•committee. Admit every amendment which might
be proposed, and the bill would be made a s. rt of
omnibus to carry thiough all schemes, however
extravagant they may be. Let that practice be
admitted, and every object embraced m every other
bill may be attached to an appropriation bill. He ,
hoped the Senate would not he prevailed on to give
its sanction to any amendment which did not limit j
and guard the appropriations. I
Mr. ATCHISON replied that this subject had j
undergone the examination of a committee; that it
was deemed a just claim; and he had offered it by
instruction of the committee. He admitted the
impropriety of introducing amendments which had
not passed through a committee. He would not
go into the justice of the claim, which did not seem
to be doubted, or he could show, by sufficient evi-
dence, that it ought to received.
Mr. ATHERTON said he did not believe in
the justice of the claim, as he regarded that Colonel
Johnson had already been paid over and over
again.
Mr. ATCHISON referred to parts of the bill to
show that there were more inappropriate matters
than the one he had offered. He would ask for
the reading of the memorial. The memorial was
then read.
Mr. ATHERTON reiterated his objections to
any amendments, except such as went to guard
and limit appropriations; and defended th-e items
in the bill which had been called inappropriate by
the Senator from Missouri. He knew of no law
creating the Choctaw school; and proceeded to
comment on the manner in which it was estab-
lished, and the extravagant expenditures to which
it had led. He read from documents to sustain
his various statements, and adverted to an agree-
ment made by Colonel Johnson with Mr. Craw-
ford, that the school should be continued for two.
years longer, and that it should, at the end of that
time, be discontinued.
Mr. BELL vindicated the amendment, as origi-
nating, after much consideration, with the Com-
mittee on Mi'itary Affairs. The school had been
continued, with the sanction of the Government,
until this time, and had constituted the means of
Colonel Johnson for his own support. And now
that the school is to be withdrawn, it ought not to
be contended that all the improvements Colonel
Johnson had been induced to make should be left
on his hands,as a dead loss.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, in reference to a charge
made by Colonel Johnson of one dollar for each
scholar for the use of a spring, explained that
there was a medicinal spring m the wemity of the
school, which was not in the hands of Colonel
Johnson, and that the proprietor charged this dol-
lar for the use of the spring for each pupil. The
amendment was, in his opinion, veiy proper, and
this was the proper bill in which it should be in-
troduced. He hoped it would be adopted.
Mr. BAGBY thought the amendment out of
place in this bill. But if it was not, he could not
give his vote for it. Colonel Johnson had been
paid for twenty-five years all he had charged, and
we are now called on to pay him the full value of
the property. To this he could not give his con-
sent. If he were to give way to his sympathies,
he would give liberally to Colonel Johnson; but
he could not sanction his conduct in pressing this
claim on the Government.
Mr. WESTCOTT gave his reasons for his sup-
port of the amendment, and pointed out some
inconsistency in the course of the Senator from
New Hampshire to-day, and hie course in refer-
ence to another bill some short time since—the
deficiency bill.
Mr. A'THERTON made a brief reply, to put
himself right as to the consistency of his course.
Mr. ATCHISON asked for the reading of a
paper containing Colonel Johnson's own idea of
the inception of the school, and the understanding
entered into between him and Governor Barbour,
when Secretary of War.
Mr. NILE'S made some remarks against the
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER expressed a desire to know
whether this sum was intended to pay for build-
ings erected with an understanding that they were
erected for the use of the Government.
Mr. WEBSTER said he was willing to give a
fair compensation for the injury done to the build-
ings occupied for a school.
Mr. ATCHISON stated that the evidence of
the injury to the amount appropriated by the
amendment was complete. If the Senate would
agree to postpone the bill until to-morrow, he would
put his amendment in a more unexceptionable
form.
After a few words from Mr. BELL, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow.
• Mr. BELL submitte<fan amendment, which he
proposed to offer to the bill, which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FOOTE asked leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution, which was considered and agreed
to.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
reque&ted to -send to the Senate (if mhisjudgment not in-
consistent with the public interest) a copy of any commu-
nication from Commodore Perrj ,or from any othet authentic
source, containing additional information connected with
the existing condition of affairs in Yucatan
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 31, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CUMMINS, by leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, declaratory
of the rights of naturalized citizens of the United
States, and to protect them in the peaceful exercise
and enjoyment of their rights and privileges against
the acts and influence of foreign Governments and
their diplomatic agents; which was read twice.
Mr. CUMMIJNS moved to refer it to a select
committee of five members.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. OUTLAW, from the select committee to
which was referred so much of the annual message
of the President of the United Slates as relates to
making provision for the families of regulars and
volunteers who have died from wounds or other
causes in Mexico, reported a bill to provide for the
families of such commissioned and non-commis-
sioncd officers, privates, and musicians, whether
belonging to the regular army or to any .volunteer
corps, as may have been killed in battle, or died,
from wounds received, or diseases contracted, or
other casualties occasioned whilst in the service of
the United States during the war with the Repub-
lic of Mexico, and for other purposes. The bill
was read and committed.
THE NATIONAL FINANCES, ETC.
Mr. STROHM, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, having had under consideration the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, tiansmit-
tmg his annual report on the state of the finances
to Congress, with the view of ascertaining whether
the statements contained in said report are correct,
and whether the said statements could not be sub-
mitted in a form more simple and less difficult to
comprehend, made a report, which concludes with
the following resolutions, and recommended their
adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary of thP Treasury be, and he is
hereby, required to transmit to tin.- House, a- soon as may
be convenient, a statement of the duties, revenues, and pub-
lic expenditures dm mg the last ami the present fjse.il years,
ending June 30, 1848, exclusive of tru i huuU, a< cording to
the form ot statement A. in the last annua! report ot the Sec-
retary, specifying parm-ul.irlv and keeping separate the stock
issued'for specie deposited and that issued in funding treas-
ury notes, and noting what amount of said stork iva> issued
under the act of July *22,1846; what amount under the act
of January 28,1847; and what amount under acts prior to
July 'J2, 184&, respectively.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is
hereby, required to furnish this House with a statement of
the public debt on the30th day of June, 1848, and such other
statements in reference totrea>urv notes at !he expiration of
the present fi-oa! jear, a* aie requited by the 2*2d section of
the act of Jauuaiy 28,1847, entitled "An act authorizing the
issue of trea-uiy notes, a loan, and for other purposes,3' to
be fnrni-htd at the commencement of each «e-sion.
Resolve.!, That it be lecommended to the Secretmy of the
Treasury, in making up his annual statements-of tlx finances
at the commencement of i-ach session, to make tho-e state-
ments close at and'rnibrace one period of time, so Sar a* the
cirum>tance< of the case render it practicable to do so.
Resolved, That the Committee on Piinting be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of piintingten thousand extra
copies of the repoit of the Cormmttt-e on Public Expendi-
tures on the repoit of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The report and resolutions, being before the
House for its consideration—
Mr. BED1NGER said, that until the present
session, the Committee on Public Expenditures
had been considered, generally, he believed, cer-
tainly by him, as a mere nullity. At'the last ses-
sion, if he was rightly informed, that committee
had not had a single meeting. But, all of a sud-
den, this same committee seemed to have sprung
into great importance. From doing next to nothing,
or nothing at all, it had suddenly commenced an
elaborate attack on the official report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The report prepared by
the committee contained some thirty-nine or forty
pages. The simple history of this matter, so far
as Mr. B. knew it, was, that this elaborate report
had been made and adopted by the committee be-
foie the Secretary of the Treasury had the slight-
est idea that any such thing was going on.
Mr. B. said that what he had to ask of the
House was, that the report might not be ordered
to be printed as yet, hut that time should first be
allowed for the making of a minority report.
Mr. B. admitted that he had received some no-
tice of something of the kind. There had been a
sub-committee appointed by the committee, of
which sub-committee he was appointed a member,
and he had been notified of a meeting of the com-
mittee generally, but not of the sub-committee; he
had not even known where the committee itself
sat; nor had he had the least idea that a repot t so
labored was to be offered in the House by that
committee; but it was suddenly sprung on the
committee, and had been at once adopted. He
wanted further time for the preparation of a coun-
ter report; and with this view he would move that
the report be recommitted.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, suggested a modifica-
tion of the motion so as to print the report of the
minority of the committee, and let both reports go
to the country together.
Mr. STROHM said that the report he had sub-
mitted to the House had been oidered by the
Committee on Public Expenditures in the Treas-
ury Department. The minority of the committee
had had ample time to prepare any paper they
wished to submit. The gentleman himself', from
Virginia, who had just taken his seat, had had the
majority's report in his own hands for two weeks,
with full opportunity to examine it; yet he com-
plained of the report as having been sprung on a
sudden, and asked for time to make a minority
report* If the House.thought that further tiaaa
