802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
of Government clerks, the principle of succession ;
which the Constitution applied to the "Senate.
There, one-third of the members went out every
two years, and in their places a supply of pure,
uncontaminated representation, fresh from the peo-
ple, came in. The enervating, corrupting influ-
ence which usually resulted from the long tenure
of office, would thus be counteracted by bringing
in, from time to time, a. mass of pure and healthy
material. The amendment adopted and imbodied
this principle in the bill. It proposed to divide the
appointments into four classes, one class to go out
every four years.
What was the state of things here in "Washing-
ton, in regard to the offices under the Govern-
ment? Who did not know that the office-holders
held on like grim death until they became imbecile
"from age, and incompetent to the right discharge of
their official duties. Had this principle of succes-
sion been put in operation, there would not now
be found so many imbeciles in our public offices.
There were men who had lived here so Ions; that
they thought they could notliveelsewhere. Hence,
whenever a changc of Administration took place,
the isomers were besieged with prayers and tears
by the occupants or their friends: "Oh, for God's
sake, don't turn out Mr. A.; he can't do anything
else; do keep him in." Had there been sl law
providing that one-fourth of those in office should
go out and make room for others, this would not
happen. Such a law would work great good.
There were men here who had gotten their places
by serving one of the political parties of the day.
When that party went out of power, and their op-
ponents came in, straightway these men changed
their politics. When it was a Whig administra-
tion, oh, then they were very good Whigs, and,
what was more,always had been. Again, when the
Democrats came in, then they were just as good
Democrats. They were all things to^all men, but
always for their offiees. But if a man came here
with the understanding that he was to remain but
/our years, what would he do? Why, if he had
common sense, he would begin and calculate how
much he could live on; and knowing it would con-
tinue but a little while, he would practise economy,
and adopt a course of frugal Jiving. He would
try and take back with him to his home enough
to buy him a little farm, and thus secure a home
for himself and his children. But how was it now?
Expecting to remain here, office-holders launched
out into all manner of extravagance, lived to the
extent of their salaries, and often beyond them.
Hence, when there was a change of parties, noth-
ing was heard but tears and groans—" Oh, sir, for
God's sake/don't turn him out; he has got no
money; what is he to do?" And thus it got to be
a matter of humanity to retain those who were
unfit to fulfill the duties of office. Should not such
a change as Mr. J. proposed be desired by all?
Let us bring in new, fresh, uncontaminated mate-
rial at one end of the line, while a like amount was
dropped at the other. Such a system of office
tenure must surely be wished for by all who
desired political purity in our public offices.
Mr. J. said he had prepared, also, another
amendment, which he should offer in due time,
unless he should be cut off by the previous ques-
tion.* It was in these words:
Beit further enacted t That from and after the pa<?sa?e of
thi!> act, all persons appointPd to oftsce, and who may have
served eight consecutive years in anv one or all of the de pay-
ments 01 this Government, shall bs deemed and held ineligi-
ble to reappointment for the next four years ensuing °
And then he purposed moving a t^ird, as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted. That the salaries of nil officers civil and
military, holdins offices under tins Government,'where the
salary is over one thousand dollars, and no constitutional
prohibition, from and after the fiiot Monday in Decembrr
shall he reduced one-fifth upon the whole amount of
said salary, piovidcd it does not reduce the salary below one
thousand dollar?:, and then down to that &um.
Was not a provision like this in conformity with
the object ot this bill? Talk of retrenchment!
Let gentlemen test their faith by their works. Let
them not go into the approaching Presidential elec-
tion and talk from the stump about retrenchment
and retrenchment, when they used no efforts to
effect retrenchment. We had had loud cries of
that kind in previous canvasses; but where was
now the effect of all that talk? Could any man
show him where it was to be found ?
We were now with an empty treasury; the
Government was borrowing money; the country
was bleeding at every pore. Let gentlemen com-
mence this work of retrenchment with themselves.
This bill was in its character a bill Preformation,
and, if carried out, it wo&ld have glorious results.
Mr. J. was in favor of prohibiting the removal of
office-holders unless for bad conduct, but it should
be united with his limitation of the term of office.
With that restriction* he was prepared to support
that feature of the original bill.
Some gentlemen might say that Mr. J. had in-
troduced this amendment with a view to dema-
goging it; but the amendment was founded on a
principle obviously correct. So far as Buncombe
was concerned, he had not been as hard pressed
as some gentlemen whom he saw around him. He
had no doubt about his course meeting with the
acceptance of his constituents. It was not because
he was bankrupt in political capital that he pre-
sented this amendment, but because he was satis-
fied it was right in itself, and likely to effect great
good, in advancing the interest of common men,
which should ever be paramount in the view of
the people's representatives.
He'concluded by expressing his hope that the
House would indulge him with the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMMONS observing,as wasunderstood,
that he •was in favor of the general features of the
bill, proceeded particularly to notice the declara-
tions of Mr. Johnson with reference to the influ-
ence of lawyers.
When the gentleman from Tennessee said the
whole country—both the General and State Gov-
ernments—were under the dominion of lawyers,
belonging to that class, he felt bound to deny it
So far as the State of Maine was concerned, such
was not the fact; he did not know how it was in
Tennessee. Buthethought if the gentleman would
extend his researches into the other New England
States, and most, if not all, the other States west
and south, he would find it to be so.
Mr. JOHNSON explained that his declaration
was, that the number of lawyers in the State Le-
gislatures and in Congress was greater in propor-
tion to the number of lawyers who were to be
represented than the number of farmers and labor-
ers in proportion to the number of their classes
throughout the country, by one hundred to one.
Mr. HAMMONSunderstood thegentlemanper-
fectly. He assumed that the lawyers and their
influence controlled the legislation of the country.
It was all assumption, so far as his (Mr. H.'s)
section of the country was concerned. This prac-
tice of attacking lawyers had long been understood
m Maine. It had been the theme of every dema-
gogue who had taken the stump there for party or,
selfish purposes; and when thefrgentleman rose
here and made a regular premeditated attack on
the lawyers of this country as a class, he assured
him that the people of Maine would understand
his position, if the people of Tennessee did not.
So sensible had thegentleman been of the position
in which he was placing himself, that he had pro-
tested that he was not playing the demagogue ! If
he had not been playing the demagogue, why
make the protest? The gentleman styled the law-
yers the aristocracy of this country. He (Mr. H.)
gloried in such an aristoeiacy as-that! Of the
signers of the Declaration of Independence, some-
thing like four-fifths were lawyers. Of our Presi-
dents, all, he believed, excepting Washington and
Harrison, had been lawyers—even Andrew Jack-
son himself. If the gentleman from Tennessee
chose, to term such men the aristocracy, he (Mr.
H.) gloried in such an aristocracy. Perhaps,
however, the reason for the peculiar aversion of
thegentleman from Tennessee to Jawyeis was, that
he might have had a lawyer for his opponent du-
ring his last canvass, and might expect another for
the next; and although he had disclaimed all idea
of speaking for Buncombe, it might possibly be that
he might conclude to circulate this speech from
here instead of delivering it from the stump.
He also noticed and commented with some se-
verity upon the second proposition of Mr. John-
son, to reduce by one-fifth the salaries of clerks
who now received but two or three dollars a day
for six or seven hours' work, when he himself was
very willing to take his eight dollars per day as
member of Congress, and eight dollars for eveiy
twenty miles travel—amounting to something like
one thousand dollars from Tennessee here—and
say nothing about reducing this; but Mr. Johnson
explaining that his proposed reduction extended
also to members of Congress, he accepted the cor-
rection, and further proceeded to vindicate the law-
yers as a class, and discountenance the drawing of
invidious distinctions between them and tailors,
carpenters, farmers, &c.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, interposed,
and said he hoped there would be no further alter-
cation between the two gentlemen, because one was
a lawyer and the other a tailor. They were both
engaged in making suits. [Roars of laughter.]
Why should not they live in peace as brothers ?
Mr. HAMMONS having concluded 
Mr. CUMMINS said he thought, if they were
to legislate on this subject, the first proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee was equitable and
proper to be adopted. It was simply saying that
each district of the United States, embracing the
Territories, should have the right, if they desired,
to place in the several departments their due pro-
portion of the public servants. At present, the
States located near the seat of Government got a
proportion of clerks far beyond what their com-
parative population would entitle them to, and
when individuals from remote States made appli-
cation, they were told the offices were filled; and
after a clerkship was once filled, if a vacancy oc-
curred by death or removal, those who lived here
watched the'vibrating pulse of the sick man, and
before the breath was fairly out of him, applica-
tions by dozens, and hundreds, were made for his
place; or they knew of his removal, and some of -
them were likely to secure the place before persons
from a distance could know anything of it; and
thus those who lived beyond the mountains, or in
remote States, could not get appointments, for the
reason that the places were filled.
The same principle as was contained in thi3
amendment was applicable to the appointment of
cadets and midshipmen in the naval schools, and
would be equitable and just in reference to the ap-
pointment of clerks in the public departments.
Under it, each section, if they desired, could have
some of their young men in the public offices,
with whom ,they could intrust their business and
know their man. It would also have a salutary
effect as a check, to some extent, upon the clean
sweeps of officers which were too common on the
overthrow of one administration and the coming
mlo power of one opposed to it. He would not
make the provision obligatory, but would provide,
that in case of vacanciesinthepublicofficesVising,
if applications were made from districts which had
not their complement according to population, they
should have the preference. For these reasons,
he favored the principle of the amendment, though
he might prefer other words to be used in express-
ing it.
He called the attention of Mr. McKay to one
provision of the bill, and thought the principle of
availing the departments of the benefit of the clerks'
experience should be carried still further, by trans-
ferring, in case of vacancy arising in the lower
grades in the Comptroller's office, persons from
theAuditor's office, instead of making new appoint-
ments.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved an amend-
ment to Mr. Johnson's amendment, to add at the
end the following :
Said appointments to tie made by the heads of the de-
partmentb, upon the nomination, of the member of Congress
of the Congressional district at the time the vacancy take3
place therein.
He said the Constitution authorized Congress to
vest the appointment in the heads of departments,
and the appointment by them upon the recom-
mendations of members of Congress for their
respective districts was the course pursued with
reference to West Point.
Mr. STANTON saw little necessity for any
portion of this bill, and certainly little, if any what-
ever, for the amendment of his colleague. He
doubted the constitutional power of Congress to
control the appointments made by the President;
and if they had it in their power, they ought not to
do it, at least by the complex machinery of this
bill. He objected to these boards of examination,
because they would have a tendency to remove
from the Executive officers that responsibility
which was placed upon {hem. He could not see
the necessity for the establishment of such a sys-
tem as this, because he did not know that the
public service was suffeiing in any degreefronjthe
want of such machinery as was proposed, ft was
now very common,;with his colleague'especially, to
denounce the public clerks for failurs to discharge
their duties.
