804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
SOr.L, ASHMUN, and McCLERNAND, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
- Mr. ST. JOHN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
Senate bill for the relief of John Lorimer Graham,
. late postmaster of the city of New York, reported
, the same back to the House without amendment.
Committed.
Mr. CRANSTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Rhode Island in relation to the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia. Laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. SIMS, the Committee on the
District of Columbia was discharged from the pe-
tition of Charles Fletcher, and it was laid on the
table.
POSTAL ARRANGEMENT BILL.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said, the Post-
master General was anxious that this bill should
be speedily passed, and as the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads had reported in favor
of all the amendments but the third, they could
strike that out and adopt the rest. He confessed
he did not understand the precise object of the
third amendment, for it was very obscurely drawn,
unless it was to prevent the breaking of bulk until
the mails were delivered to the post office authori-
-lies,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, hoped the bill and
amendments would be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs for examination, and that the
amendments would be printed. It appeared to
him that it was proposed by this bil'l to give a
greater power to the Postmaster General than he
could bring himself to sanction; but at least he de-
sired time to examine into its provisions.
Mr. JONES, of„ Tennessee, said, as a member
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, he did not acquiesce in the recommenda-
tions of that committee to concur in these amend-
ments; nor did he concur in the sentiments of those
who were the friends and supporters of this bill,
either originally or now. He believed it was an as-1
sumption of power on the part of this Government, j
which was not authorized by the Constitution, to )
establish mail routes, or to control the mails be- Ji
-yond the limits of the United States. He could Jl
find no authority in the Constitution for the exer- |j
eise of such a power, and therefore he was opposed )i
to both the bill and the amendments, and he hoped '!
they would not be concunred in. '!
Mr. ROOT said he had reported in favor of a
concurrence by the direction of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES did not intend to convey the idea
that the representation of the gentleman from Ohio
was not correct; he only meant to say that he, as
a member of that committee, dissented from the
report.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to lay the bill
and the amendments on the table, and that the
amendments be printed.
Mr. ROOT said the amendments had been ex-
amined by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and they concurred in all but one. It
was desirable that the bill should be passed imme-
diately , and therefore he moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House.
On the motion of Mr. KING, of Georgia, who
avowed his object to be to gain time to examine
the amendments, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 31, 1848.
Mr. BORLAND presented the credentials of the
Hon. William K. Sebastian, appointed by the
Governor of Arkansas to fill the vacancy occa- !
stoned by the decease of the Hon. Chester j
Ashley. Mr. Sebastian was then sworn, and
took his seat. ■
. f^1'- HALE presented a memorial of numerous
citizens of Sandusky city, Erie county, Ohio
piaymg the removal of the seat of Government
from Washington city to the city of Cincinnati-
which was laid on the table.
. £?.r' YOLEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, moved the discharge of the committee from
the bill to authorize the President to increase the
naval establishment of the United States: which
Was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MASON,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the correspondence,
not heretofore communicated, between the Secretary of
State and the minister of the United States at Paris, since
the recent change in the Government of France, provided
that in the opinion of the President the same may be done
without injury to the public interest.
On motion of Mr. DIX,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to purchase an atlas of the United States, for the use of the
Committee on Commerce, and pay for the same out of the
contingent fund.
The joint resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Atchison for the adjournment of Congress on the
first Monday in July, and the commencement of
the next session on the first Monday in October,
was read a second time, and taken up as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. TURNEY moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. ATCHISON said he saw no necessity for
this reference. The subject was in no way con-
nected with the public revenue. His object, on
consultation with some friends, wa3 to avoid the
necessity of sitting here, during the months of July,
August, and September. He presumed the ap-
propriation bills could be passed by the first of
July. There would then be a considerable amount
of business to be done. Among other things, the
war with Mexico, if the treaty was ratified, would
have to be wound up, and if it was rejected, new
measures must be adopted. This may all be done
before winter if we meet in October.
Mr. BAGBY thought it would be improper now
to fix on any day for adjournment, because our
relations with Mexico must be first understood and
attended to. He moved to lay the resolution on
the table, but consented to withdraw it.
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the resolution
so as to provide that the unfinished business
should be resumed in the state in which it was left
at the adjournment.
Mr. ATHERTON expressed a hope that this ]
question would not be pressed at this time. There j
was a large amount of important business yet to '
be acted on—the appropriation bills—our affairs j
with AJexico— the state of the Territory of Oregon, j
and other business. "He hoped the resolution
would be laid on the table.
Mr. BAGBY said he would pledge himself to
call up the resolution the instant we hear from
Mexico.
Mr. MILLER expressed a doubt whether the
object of the Senator from Missouri could be ob-
tained by a joint resolution. He thought it would
be found necessary to pass a law, and referred to
a^ precedent in 1813, when by law the second ses-
sion of Congress was ordered to commence in
November.
Mr. ATCHISON said he cared not what form
the matter assumed. He had no objection to any
change which would accomplish the object. He
was desirous to avoid an extension of the present
session through July, August, and September.
Still he thought the object could be effected by the
consent of the two Houses, given in the form of a
joint resolution. Should the treaty be ratified, it
may be necessary to legislate for the new terri- !
tory. Should it be rejected, new measures would i
have to be brought forward for our adoption. !
He was willing to make any change, so that we I
adjourn from the first Monday in July to October, i
It would be found that the important business 1
which would press on Congress at the next ses- !
sion, couid not be disposed of in thirteen weeks, i
He was willing, in order to give time to hear from i
Mexico, to postpone the further consideration of j
the resolution until Monday week. He made this ;
motion; which was agreed to.
session, prohibiting slavery, as the 21st section of
the present bill.
Mr. HALE. Asthis was a question of such im-
portance as to involve the destinies of the country,
he would move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until Monday week.
Mr. BRIGHT hoped the motion would not pre-
vail. It was necessary that there should be imme-
diate action on the bill. Recent accounts from the
Territory show the necessity for this action. The
principle in the amendment is very important, and
he hoped it would not be discussed on this bill.
He intended to press the bill to a vote to-day.
Mr. CALHOUN asked if it was the intention
of the chairman of the committee to vote for the
incorporation of this principle in the bill?
Mr. BRIGHT said he should vote against it.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if he could be assured
that such was the general sentiment, he would not
object to the immediate passage of the bill. But
if this proposition was to be inserted, he desired
that it might be met by a manly and full discus-
sion. He was ready to meet the question; but rf
it was to be debated, he would go for fixing on
some particular day.
Mr. NILES objected to the pressing of this bill
with such unusual urgency. It was a very im-
portant question, but it was not to be pressed
through without allowing Senators to be heard.
He hoped this bill would be postponed. He
thought it unfortunate, that owing to the existence
of the war with Mexico, the settlers in Oregon
should be placed in such a perilous situation; and
to relieve them, he was willing to take the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri to raise a mili-
tary force, as a separate bill, and to pass it imme-
diately. But he desired time to examine the bill
beforeitwas passed,andfor this purpose he wished
the postponement of the bill.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he should vote against
this amendment. The whole of the Territory of
Oregon lay within the boundary from which sla-
very was excluded by the Missouri compromise,
to which the South had assented.
Mr. HALE. Docs that extend to the Pacific?
, Mr. HANNEGAN answered in the neeative.
! But there was no sane man who believed that sla-
j very would ever be established there. He appealed
; to every man not to turn a deaf ear to the cries of
1 our citizens in Oregon, surrounded by hostile In-
dians, and not to be turned from it by this wicked
and useless question being; agitated. He hoped
the vote would now betaken, and that even gen-
tlemen who in ordinary cases would vote for the
Wilmot proviso woukTvote against the motion.
He concluded bjrexplaining the necessity for
sending out authority to raise a military force with-
out delay, to present the dangerous results which
might follow a continuance of the present state of
things in the territory.
Mr. BENTON referred to the delays which had
taken place in the establishment of a territorial
government in Oregon. Our meritorious settlers,
at a distance of three thousand miles, have deserved
well of their country from their enterprise, and he
hoped they would not be left exposed to danger
and inconvenience from calamities which a proper
attention to their wants on the part of the Govern-
ment would prevent. We might, by timely action,
have prevented these calamities. But it has not been
done. The settlers' have been compelled to send
on an express, encountering the dangers and diffi-
culties of streams, and snows, and mountains, and
Indian enemies, and he hoped no delay would now
be interposed to the adoption of measures neces-
sary for their protection. The effect of the delay
has been all the murderous outrages which have
taken place; and all is to be attributed to the
mixing up this question which has been unneces-
sarily urged. The law of nature and the law of
The select committee on Mr. Atchison's reso-
lution of yesterday was ordered to consist of , . - -    ----- —   —
Messrs. Johnson of Georgia, Johnson of Mary- ;[ people are opposed to theadmission of slavery
land, and Wn,t^nw J >; there. Who would thinkof carryingslaves through
| the Lake of theW^oods? What would be thought
I there of a law to prevent such an act? It would be
I regarded as idle and useless. He had hoped tins
II bill would be passed this morning; that this ques-
ment of Oregon ~ !. t'011, which had already produced such calamities,
Mr BENTON moved m "i ,t i-n u • wfoultl not have been brought up; but that we
Jducin-a section authnlT ,? p 'L^ ' shoul,i have exenpd ourselves to stop the calami-
raise a regiment of volunteers in the Territory to !| ho" ^ th° seltIfs- Thl? queS"
serve for twenty months; which was agreed to'. i! tl0-n-may be ^cussed on some other occasion.
land, and Houston.
OREGON.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sidei the bill to establish the territorial govern-
ment of Oregon. ,
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the bill by in-
troducing a section authorizing the President to
Mr. HALF, mnvprfin 'I . sa'^ he had availed himself of aliopportuni-
ducino-the 12th section of the. <3 I-ii^ I l*es t0 ma'ce himself acquainted with thecharacter
Uth section of the Senate bill of last || of the Indians in the Oregon Territory, and he had
