1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
satisfied himself that they essentially differed from
the Indians on this side of the mountains. They
are more disposed to labor; they are more willing
to apply themselves to all the useful arts; are more
readily trained, and are prepared to enter on all
the duties of civilization. He believed that if this
■pestiferous question had not been urged, and this
bill had passed when it should, all the evils we
now mourn ^frould have been prevenfed. He was
disposed to meet this pestiferous question at any
time—to vote it down now, and to go into its dis-
, cussion on any proper occasion. He would not
consent to see all the urgent, pressing, crying- busi-
ness of Congress thrust aside by this question,
which, like' the frogs of Egypt, intruded itself
everywhere—to our table, to the fireside, to the
nuptial couch. We ought now to put down th«
question. He was ready to stay here—not to go
home until the bill was passed. He called on Sen-
ators of every diversity of opinion to unite in pass-
ing this bill, and prevent new massacres.
Mr. HANNEGAN said massacres had already
commenced in California. News had arrived this
morning that the Indians had commenced massa-
cring the Mormons.
Mr. WESTCOTT repelled the unjust accusa*
tion made against the Judiciary Committee, of
having retarded the passage of this bill by thrust-
ing on the Senate this question. It was not thrust
on the Senate by that committee, but by the House
bill; and it was not then, 6r now, thrust on the
Senate by any Senator from the South. It was
now thrust upon them by the Committee on Ter-
ritories. The amendment was entirely unneces-
sary, as it is already in the bill under considera-
tion. The laws of Oregon already inhibit slavery.
These laws were submitted to the Judiciary Com-
mittee last session, and will be found among the
documents. If the bill should pass as it has been
reported, it will contain a perfect inhibition of sla-
very. He made some further explanations of the
course of the Judiciary Committee, and read the
bill reported by the committee last session for the
information of the Senate, and to sustain the views
he had thrown out. He agreed with the Senator
from Missouri, that no slaves would ever be car-
ried to Oregon.
Mr. HANNEGAN. There g.re not now ten
©laves in the whole Territory.
Mr. WESTCOTT had no doubt of the fact.
And for this reason he would vote against the
proposition now made. He thought the details of
the bill were very crude and unsatisfactory, and
that they would be found so on examination.
They might suit Iowa or Wisconsin, but were not
adapted to the Oregon Territory. The Committee
on the Judiciary had discovered that the bills re-
lating to Iowa and Wisconsin were unsuited to
Oregon, and considerable changes were made to
adapt them to the condition of Oregon. If we take
the bill now, and undertake to make the necessafy
amendments, it will consume two or three days.
The best mode might be to recommit the bill, for
the purpose of having it modified. He would feel
himself bound to examine the details.
Mr. BRIGHT moved the postponement of the
bill until to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. WESTCOTT gave notice that he would
move to amend the bill, by substituting the Senate
bill of last session, and that the amendment be
printed.
Mr. HALE said he had proposed to postpone
this bill until Monday week, because he supposed,
that following the line of safe precedents, the Senate
would next week adjourn over pretty much all the
time; and it could not be desired to take up the bill,
and pass it, when nobody was in the Senate. He
replied to the remark of the Senator from Indiana,
that no sane man would suppose that slaves would
ever be carried to Oregon. There was one—he
would not say whether sane or insane, because,
when a man is becoming insane, he himself is the
last to suspect it: he himself supposed that they
would. He eulogized the State of Indiana in very
glowing terms for her former course relative to the !
ordinance of 1787, and said: To hear the Senators
from that State now, one might suppose that they
had forgotten the mother from which they Sprung.
As to the pretext that this was not the time to agi-
tate the question, he quoted, in reply, the answer
of the land speculator who had given his notes for
large sums of money: when applied to for payment,
he said he would pay all, but it was not yet the time.
The present moment was the time for action; he
! knew of no time beyond it. The future is in the
hands of Providence, and it is our duty to act at
once. The best way is to meet the question at
once. Human freedom and slavery must come
in conflict, and the sooner the issue is decided
the better. He ..thought it time for us to decide
whether the Declaration of Independence meant
anything more than a rhetorical flourish when it
declared that " all men are born free and equal,"
or whether it was to be received as a practical ele-
ment of our political institutions. Slavery" he
regarded as 1 ike the frtfgs of Egypt. 11 meets us at
every turn, starts upon us at every step, and con-
trols our legislation. He declared that he would
not be intimidated, whether sane or insane, from
pressing this question whenever he could, in defi-
ance of all consequences. And if this Union, with
all its advantages, has no other cement than the
blood of human slavery, let it perish !
Mr. HANNEGAN disavowed, on the part of
himself and all the Senate, any intention to intim-
idate the Senator from New Hampshire. He ac-
knowledged the kindness of that Senator in taking
the Senators from Indiana under his protection;
but as it was a voluntary act, he could not look for
any remuneration. The Senators from Indiana
declined hi-s guardianship. He regretted that the
Senator from New Hampshire should have taken,
at the moment when we are appealed to by the
cries of victims of both sexes, sinking under the
knife of the assassin, a course calculated to delay
relief, by introducing this pestiferous question.
Mr. HALE withdrew his motion, and
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the first section, and inserting
the substitute he had named.
-Mr. HALE renewed his motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said he desired the
establishment of a territorial government in Ore-
gon. No one could desire it more. But he de-
sired time for consideration. By adopting the laws
applied to Iowa, we take laws adapted to ari inte-
rior territory, and make it applicable to a territory
settled in a very different position, and under dif-
ferent circumstances, and requiring different ordi-
nances. He would desire to recommit the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary; and, if necessary, i
he would add instructions to report immediately. I
Mr. BERRIEN suggested that this object would
be attained by adopting the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Florida. He hoped the postponement
would not be until Monday week, but that it would
be laid over until to-morrow? when, if the amend-
ment should be adopted, the bill might be passed
without delay. It was most desirable to give the
Territory a government with as much expedition as
possible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said his object was
to have the Committee on the Judiciary examine
whether there was, anything in the changed con-
dition of Oregon to render a change necessary in
the bill of last session.
Mr. BRIGHT said that there was a difference
between the Senator from Florida and the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] as to the mean-
ing of the 12th section.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was not disposed to
interpose any delay which his duty did not impe-
riously require. He wished to give a government
to the Territory of Oregon immediately.
Mr. BUTLER made some explanations as to
the course of the Judiciary Committee last session.
Mr. HALE withdrew his motion to postpone
the bill till Monday week.
The question was then taken on the motion of j
Mr. Bright to postpone the bill until to-morrow '
at one o'clock, and it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, three hundred
copies of the amendment moved by him were or-
dered to be printed.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Hale was
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Indian
appropriation bill was taken up, when Mr. A.
withdrew his amendment appropriating ten thou-
sand dollars for the benefit of Colonel Richard M.
Johnson, for the purpose of bringing in a separate
biH.
The question being oil an amendment submitted
by Mr. Bell, the further consideration of the bill
was postponed until to-mmrow.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in reply to a resolution intro-
duced by Mr. Foote yesterday, communicating
additional correspondence on the subject of the
affairs of Yucatan; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BADGER,* the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 1, 1848.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CUMMINS rose to a privileged question,
and moved to reconsider the vote by wnich the
bill he yesterday introduced, declaratory of the
rights of naturalized citizens of the United States,
and to protect them in the peaceful exercise and
enjoyment of their rights and privileges against
the acts and influence of foreign governments and
their diplomatic agents-, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The motion was entered
and laid over for the present.
Mr. ROOT moved to reconsider the vote sec-
onding the previous question, on the question of
agreeing to the amendments of the Senate to the
foreign postal bill. Agreed to.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to amend the
amendment of the Senate, by inserting after the
words <cPostmaster General" the words "or Sec-
retary of the Navy." Agreed to.
The previous question was then moved and
seconded, and, under the operation thereof, all the
amendments of the Senate ae amended were con-
curred in, except the third, which was disagreed
to.
THE NATIONAL FINANCES.
The House then proceeded to the consideration,
of the report made yesterday by Mr. Strohm from
the Committee on Public Expenditures, in relation
to the national finances, and reviewing the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury on that
subject.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, who was entitled
to the floor from yesterday, remarked that he had
intended to add nothing further to what he had
then said. He would, however, say a «word in
reply to the question of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stewart] yesterday. The gen-
tleman had asked whether he (Mr. H.) considered,
that when a committee of this House had under
examination a report of one of the officers of the
Government, it was their duty to call on such
officer to make another report to sustain the pre-
vious one? He had tak«n no such position as
this; but he had said, and still said, that it was
due to a public functionary, when his conduct was
undergoing investigation by a committee of this
House; when efforts were made, as was avowed
by the majority of this committee in the outset of
their report, to show that his report contained false
and not reliable statements, to give him an oppor-
tunity of explanation. If such explanation was
not satisfactory, the committee would of course
go on with their criticism, of their original report,
and point out its errors and misstatements if they
existed. This was the course which equity and
fairness demanded, and that was all he and his
friends desired. „
Mr. CLINGMAN made a brief statement of the
manner in which the committee and sub-committee
had been called together from time to time, show-
ing that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bedin-
ger] had repeatedly been notified of the meetings
of the committee and had failed to attend. He
stated, moreover, that it was three months since
this sub-committee, of which the gentleman from
Virginia was a member, was appointed. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strohm,] as a
member of the sub-committee, (the gentleman from
Virginia failing to meet the committee,) had gone,
from time to time, to make his examinations at the
Treasury Department. He had not called upon
the Secretary of the Treasury himself, but the ob-
ject of his investigations at the department was
well known to the officers there. After the report
was presented by the sub-committee, and adopted
by the committee, it was placed in the hands of
the gentleman from Virginia and the gentleman
from Missouri,and had been with them ever since,
beino* two weeks ago last Monday. He had un-
derstood the gentleman from Virginia to say that
a copy of the report had been handed to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury two weeks since. He
