806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
wished to know from the gentleman whether he
had understood him correctly?
[Mr. Bedj.vger nodded assent.]
The Secretary of theTreasury, then, (continued
Mr. C.,) had had it under consideration for two
weeks, and the sub-committee had been engaged
upon it for three months. So there had been ample
time for examination.
He wished it distinctly understood, that no
member of the majority of the committee, objected
to the minority making a report. The gentleman
from South Garolina was mistaken in so supposing.
What they did object to was, that the printing of
the majority report should be delayed, and that
they should in advance order the printing of a re-
port prepared by the Secietary of the Treasury,
which nobody had yet seen, which might not come
in ina month. They had had one instance this ses-
sion of the way in which the departments manu-
factured letters. After a call had,been made upon
the Department of War for all the correspondence
that had taken place up to that date between the
department and General Scott, the Secretary had
gone forward and written a long communication,
which was not dated till some ten days after the
pa.ll, and sent it in. He protested against such a
proceeding; he had no idea of ordering the print-
ing of a document which was to be prepared here-
after. Whenever the minority were ready, let
them come forward and ask the printing of the
report; he would vote to print it. He wished,
however, this report to be published at once, that
the whole country might see it; and if, on com-
parison of it with the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, mistakes, were found in it, they could
easily be corrected in the minority report.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said there
was one point in this, report to which he wished to
Qatt the attention of the House, for the purpose of
malting it the foundation of a motion. The com-
mittee said:
" In the statements which they have submitted, the com-
mittee riurr haidly presume to hope that they have attained
perfection and avoided all errors. On the contiary,the dis-
crepancy between the hooks m the department has piescnted
a difficulty which they have not been aide to overcome,
though the committee entertain no tlotiht that with time and
opportunity to compare those books, ihe differences between
them could be accounted for and reconciled."
Mr. STROHM asked the gentleman to read a
Jittje further.
Mr. THOMPSON accordingly read as follows:
" It will be remarked, too, that the greatest discrepancy in
the. books is in reference to the amount of slock issued m
fundingtreasuvynotes,3nd therefore eannotaffeet the result
of the general statement by which the deficiency in the
treasury is ascertained; ihr,«il the amount of-toe'k issued
to fund treasury notes is greater than that assumed by the
comimtteein their calculations, the amount of treasury notes
outstanding must of necessity be diminished to exactly the
same amount, and the sunftning up of Uie whole wtM not be
affected thereby.".
His objection to this report at this time was,
that it professed to be a criticism, a correction of
errors which it assumed to exist in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and it confessed on
its face that the committee had neither the time nor
the opportunity for investigation. This was not
exactly the way to correct errors. No man had
more faith in the gentleman who stood at the head
of the committee "than he had; he knew him well;
artS the gentleman had candidly put ortrecord that'
although every facility had been offered by the
chjrks of the department, neither time nor oppor-
tunity had been afforded for a full examination.
To give lus colleague {Mr. Strohm] time to re-
examine these alleged inaccuracies and discrepan-
cies, he would move to recommit the report to the
Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. BEDINGKR asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to give him an opportunity to ex-
plain before he yielded the floor.
Mr.THOMPSON assented, stating that he onlv
yielded the floor for explanation.
Mr. BED1NGER said he merely wished to
make a personal explanation. He was unwilling
that the impression should go forth that he had
neglected his duty as a member of a committee of
this House when he had not. It had been stated,
that on three several occasions he had been re-
quested to cooperate with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in prosecuting (his examination at
the Treasury Department; but, if it was so, he
surely must have been deaf at the time. He ad-
mitted that he had been informed that the com-
mittee would meet, and he went again and again
in search of the committee, but could not find the
room in which they met. He went first to one
and then to another room, and was not able to find
them.
Mr. CL1NGMAN said, every notification which
he issued of the meeting of the committee stated
in what room the committee would meet.
Mr. HALL said he had never been notified as
to the room in which the committee would meet.
Mr. CLINGMAN begged to state the course
which he adopted, which was a usual one in noti-
fying committees of their meetings. He wrote a
notice to the effect that the Committee on Public
Expenditures would meet in a room which was
specified, and he sent o'ne of the pages to the mem-
bers of that committee with that notice, directing
the page to show it to them. If the members of
the committee neglected to read that notification,
it was no fault of his.
Mr. BEDINGER was only desirous to show
that he had not neglected his duty as a member of
that committee. He certainly could not have sup-
posed, however, that the place of meeting of the
Committee on Public Expenditures was theTreas-
ury Department; nor could he believe that this
examination was the legitimate business of the
Committee on Public Expenditures. Suppose the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strohm]
should undertake to make an elaborate report on
the subject of the Mexican war, would it be his
(Mr. B.'s) duty to go to theTreasury Department
to aid him in such an investigation? He was sat-
isfied, that without an express resolution of this
House committing that subject to the committee,
they had no jurisdiction over the subject on which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had reported;
but, if they had, the gentleman had certainly nevjr
said anything to him about their meeting at the
Treasury Department. And he could not but
wonder that the Secretary of the Treasury had
not been apprized of the attack that was to be made
upon him. Before the Secretary should be made
to fall under the attack of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, there should have been some notifi-
cation given to him m common justice. As to the
printing of the report, he cared nothing; but he
re iterated his assertion that he had not neglected
his duty as a member of the committee. The re-
port was already before the public in the newspa-
per of this morning, and all he wanted was, that
he should have a short time to make a counter re-
port. It had been said that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania gave hyn the papers two weeks ago.
Well; but were not gentlemen aware that the Bal-
timore Convention intervened, during which he
had not an opportunity to answer this report of
thirty-nine pages? If he had thepower of steam,
and of fifty clerks, he could not have done it. It
was impossible that any gentleman could have
done it. He had nothing more to say.
Mr. THOMPSON then resumed the floor.
Mr. ROOT requested the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to deal as liberally with him as he had
done with the gentleman from Virginia, by giving
him a little of his time.
Mr. THOMPSON preferred to finish what he
had to say. The committee's report admitted that
"in the statements which they have submitted,
' they dared hardly presume to hope that they have
'attained perfection, and avoided all errors. On
• the contrary, the discrepancy between the books
^ in the department has presented a difficulty which
' they have nbt been able to overcome, though the
'.committee entertain no doubt, that with time and
4 opportunity to compare those books, the differ-
ences between them could be accounted for and
' reconciled." His colleague desired him to read
the residue of that paragraph, with which he would
comply with great pleasure. The paragraph went I
on as follows:
" It will be remarked, too, that the creates! discrepancy •
in the books is in reference to the amount of stock issued '
™=,!'ii' fnF. ™<t theiefore cannot irteet tile
result of the general statement by which the deficiency in
iisnede,n ?ry i'St asW"il"led; for> if ttle "mount of stock
hv tdS ?El,Ly"otes is Skater than that asMimcd
by the committee in their calculations, the amount of treas
ury notes outstanding must of necesskrbe ZniTh'd to
exactly the same amount, and the summing no tf Sic wlioe
will not bo affected theiehy. g0|h constitute a mrt r f tht.
the*trea>'urv "and ST ^ar.cnfavaHs^cn,!'^^
bon of theSr' 5S inerease of the one and the diminu-
tion ot the other, adds no more in one Dlace than it derinet*
re&u"t°!'er' pr0duees 110 change whatever in the final
fin".?!,""1-1 be rI!Vo!lect<'<i, too, that for the sum of SU J 301
firk ouaHer ofth'8 <*"'at'on as interest paid during'die
first quarter of the present fiscal year, the committee had  o
positive dam to rely upon; but as the statement m Hie Sec-
retards tep. rt, then refer red to. embraced iniere-t, and the
committee being unable to discover any other amount that
could appropriately bu applied to that state men?, they as-
sumed the nlore&aid sum to have been paid for mlereft."
The report then went on to say, " There are
' various other eirois in the different statements
11 ' which compose the Secretary's report, but which
! ' the committee will not now take time to notice."
; Now he (Mf. T.) confessed his inability, in the
[j short time he had had to examine this report, to
• ! understand it properly. He could not see to what
i! it points, or to what error it applied. He had not
;! learnt from it whether there was more money ii>
;; the treasury or less than the Secretary had report-
j! ed. There were " words, words, words," and
j. figures, figures, figures; but to what practical end
they tendtd, he was unable to suy. it had been
;i suggested that this array of figures of the majority
!' of the committee might not be right, and the com-
;! mittee had frankly confessed themselves that they
|! had not time to give the subject a thorough exam-
j| ination, so as to have avoided all errors, and there-
j; fore be proposed to give them an opportunity for
further examination. Let the report be sent back
to the committee, and when it was printed let the
majority and minority reports go together. If the
committee was sincere in its complaints, and well
satisfied of the truthfulness of its own statement,
they would have, they could have no objection to
the course which he suggested. If the report were
recommitted, no material delay would be occa-
sioned m the printing, for they had ordered print-
ing to be done a month since which bad not yet
been executed. There was the Patent Office re-
port and the correspondence of the War Depart-
ment with Generals Scott and Taylor, which had
been ordered but not yet printed, and he did noi
expect it for a month or six weeks. They could
therefore give the minority of the committee twnple
time to prepare its report without delaying the
printing of the majority report; for if the printing
were now ordered, it would be some time before,
the public printer could execute it. The gentle-
men from Virginia and Missouri [Messrs. Beb-
inger and Halt.] had appealed to the House for
such time only as was necessary to enable them to
make a report, and they should see if the gentle-
men on the other side of the House were willing
to let the two reports go to the country side by
side. He hoped the report would be recommit-
ted, which he now moved.
The SPEAKER stated that to the report ther®
were several resolutions; and there was also a
motion to print, which were the proper subjects
for the action of the House; and that the motion
to recommit was not in order until those resolu-
tions were In some way disposed of.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if the first question
was not on the motion to print.
The SPEAKER replied that the first question
was on the adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. ASHMUN said, then the previous question
would bring the House to a vote on the adoption
of the resolutions, and not on the motion to print.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. THOMPSON desired the Speaker to state
the position of his motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER replied,that the gentleman's
motion was not now in order, for the report matie
yesterday had several resolutions appended, which
were properly before the House, and were the first
ill order.
Mr. ASHMUN said he understood the motion
yesterday was to print, and on that the discussion
had taken place.
The SPEAKER reiterated his explanation of
the position in which the question stood,
i; Mr. ASHMUN inquired what would be the
l! effect of a motion to lay on the table the pending
question until the question on printing could be
| taken.
! The SPEAKER was understood to say that a
! motion to lay on the table would be in order.
| Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired if the first res-
! olution must not necessarily go over to another
1 day.
j The SPEAKER replied that as it was a call on
I the department for information, it must go over
I under the rule, but that the others could be acted
i upon.
j Mr. COBB said he had no objection to theadop-
j tion of the resolutions and the motion to print—
| none at all—and he hoped the motion submitted
- yesterday would be so modified as. to give the mi-
