1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
806
States for the western district of Virginia with
four copies of Little and Brown's edition of the
Laws of the Tftiited States, with amendments.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
House bill for the relief of Levi H. Corson, with-
out amendment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported House bill to refund money for
expenses incurred, and subsistence or transporta-
tion furnished for the use of the volunteers during
the. present war, before beins; mustered and received
into the service of the United States, without
amendment, and recommending its immediate pas-
sage.
Mr. R. asked that the bill might be immediately
considered; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY alluded to the fact that he had
endeavored the other day to offer an amendment,
not having been aware at the moment that the bill
had not been referred; but, as it was now reported
from the Military Committee, he should embrace
the opportunity to offer the following amendment:
u Be U further enacted, That in refunding moneys under
this act, and the resolution which it amends, it shall be law-
tul to pay inteicst at the rate of six per cent, per annum on
all sums advanced by States, corporations, or individuals,
iii ail cases where the State, corporation, or individual paid
or lost the interest, or is liable to pay it."
The amendment having been agreed to, the bill
was ordered to a third reading, and was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the
report of the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution be
printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of-the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty-
stipulations with the various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1849, and for other pur-
poses.
The question being on the following amendment
of Mr. Bell:
s< Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War cause to be ascertained the number and names of such
individuals and families, including each member of every
family of the Cherokee nation of Indians, that remained in
the State of North Carolina at the time of the ratification of
the treaty of4few Echota, May twenty-three, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six, and who have not removed west of the
Mississippi, or received the commutation for removal and
subsistence, and report the same to the Secretary of the
Treasury, whereupon the Secretary of the Tieasury shall
get apart, out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a sum equal to fifty-three dollars and thirty-
three cents for each individual ascertained as aforesaid, and
that he cause to be paid to every such individual, or his or
her legal representative, interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum on such per capita, from the said twenty-third
day of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, to the time of
the passage of this act, and continue annually thereafter said
payment of interest at the rate afoiesaid.
"Sec.—. Jiiulbeit fuither enacted, That whenever here-
after any individual or individuals of said Cherokee Indians
shall desire-to remove and join the tube west of the Missis-
sippi, then the Secretary of War shall be authorized to with-
draw fiom the fund set apart as aforesaid the sum of fifty-
three dollars and thirty-three cents, and the interest due and
unpaid thereon, and apply the same, or such part thereof as
j>hall be necessary, to the removal and subsistence of such
individual or individuals, and pay the remainder, if any, or
the whole, if the said Indians or any of them shall prefer to
remove themselves,to such individuals or heads of families,
upon their removal west of the Mississippi."
Mr. BELL explained that there were about
1,250 Chergkees in Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama,
and North Carolina; about half of whom were a
nuisance in those States. They are under the ap-
prehension of losing their lands in North Carolina,
in consequence of a difficulty in the construction of
the treaty of 1835. The Indians remaining in North
Carolina took no part in the treaty, and had re-
ceived no portion of the annuities since 1820. They
had held lands in North Carolina since 1783, and
had never been disturbed by the State. They had
lost their lands by the treaty of 1835, and had re-
purchased them, and there is a difficulty as to the
perfeetness of the title. The treaty required the
removal of all the Indians west of the Mississippi,
and some refused. The United States commis-
sioners agreed to give compensation for improve-
ments ana injuries, and the means necessary for
removal and subsistence. The treaty allows a due
portion of the money to such as were averse to
removal, and were qualified to become citizens;
and the difficulty is, whether this shall be paid out
of the five millions appropriated for the purchase
of the lands of the Cherokees, or out of the treas-
ury. By subsequent legislation, additional appro-
| priations have been made for transportation and
j subsistence. The Cherokees of North Carolina
! "contend that they are entitled to their full share of
thefive millions, withoutany deduction for removal
and subsistence. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs has decided ^hat they are. entitled to their
claim.
The question is, out of which fund shall this
claim be paid—out of the Indian fund', oV out of
the treasury of the United States? Congress has
already established a precedent in favor of the
latter. The amendment had been made at th£
instance of the committee.
Mr. ATHERTON hoped t he Senator from Ten-
nessee would not burden this bill with a subject
| of sp much importance, and involving so great an
| amount of expenditure. It would require more
t consideration than could be given to it at this time;
i and he suggested the propriety of making it the
| subject of a separate bill.
| It would be necessary to call on the department
j for information. The subject had been under ex-
I amination by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
| It had been reported against. Mr. Mason, Attor-
ney General, had made an adverse report, which
was approved by the Executive, 'A Committee
on Indian Affairs had also reported against the
claim. The subject is before a committee of the
House; a call has been made for information; and
it will have to undergo a full discussion. We
ought not to act on it without such consideration
and discussion, and therefore the amendment ought
not now to be received.
Mr. BADGER said, that if the question was
important, it was not difficult. It was an appro-
priation which ought to have been introduced into
the present bill. The claim was under a treaty
with the United States, and it would be only fair
to insert a provision which ought to have been
reported with the bill. He referred to the treaty
to sho*v the correctness of his statement. The
treaty gave twenty dollars per capita, and thirty-
three dollars and thirty cent's for subsistence for one
year;~afid those who were averse to go were as
much entitled to this fifty-three dollars,and thirty
cents as they were who went. The case was too
plain to require a protracted discussion. If the
Executive had refused to pay this claim, there was
a more imperative obligation on Congress to pro-
vide for it. The amount offered no objection to
the proposition, if the principle was correct. The
Cherokee3 were a nuisance to the people of North
Carolina, and this itself should be a reason for the
appropriation now asked for. The amendment
was in the most unexceptionable form, and its
adoption was necessary for the preservation of the
peace in North Carolina.
Mr. BRIGHT moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill; which was agreed to.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill to establish the Terri-
torial Government of Oregon.
The question being on the amendment moved
by Mr. Hale, to insert the following section:
" Skc. — And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants
of said Territory shall'be entitled to enjoy all and singular
the rights, privileges, and advantages, granted and secured
to the people of the territory of the United States northwest
of the uver Ohio, by the articles of compact contained in
the ordinance for the government of said territory, on the
thirteenth day of July, seventeen hundred and eighty-seven;
and shall he subject to all the conditions, and lestriction?,
and piohibitions in said articles of compact imposed upon
the people of said, territory; and the existing laws now in
force in the Territory of Oregon, under the autbonty of the
provisional government established by the people thereof,
«hall continue to be valid and operative therein, so far as
the same be not incompatible with the principles and pro-
visions of this act; subject, nevertheless,-to be altered,
modified, or repealed by the Governor and Legislative As-
sembly of the said Territory of Oregon; and the laws of
the United States are hereby extended ovei, and declared
to be m force in. said Territory, so far as the same or any
provision thereof may be applicable."
Mr. BUTLER briefly explained his course in
the Judiciary Committee in relation to the bill of
last session, m order to show that it was only in-
tended to make it conform to the laws of Iowa.
If the bill now brought forward, as the bill of last
session, contains the ordinance of 1787, it was
adopted by a misconception on his part. The
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
extended that ordinance to the Territory of Oregon,
which was already covertly included in the clause
of last session as it came from the Committee on
Territories,
Mr. BRIGHT regretted the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories. The .bill
would not have been brought up during his ab-
sence but for the recent events in Oregon, and the
message of the President on the subject. The bill
is sSbstantially,the same as the bills for the admis-
sion of Wisconsin and Iowa, with the exception
of the 12th section, which varies in some respects
from the clause in the^ other bills. The laws of
Oregon prohibit slavery in the Territory,and these
laws will remain unless changed'by the legislative
authority. He objected to the proposition of the
Senator from Florida to insert the 12th section of
the bill of the last session, because it restricted the
Legislature of Oregon too severely. If the question
which has been introduced by the Senator from
New Hampshire were now to be discussed, the bill
could not be passed for some days, and he regret-
ted that that Senator should have felt it his duty
to offer it at thi3 time. * He would have no objec-
tion to strike out the 12th section if any substitute
could be provided for it.
Mr. WESTCOTT, if lie understood the sec-
tion, regarded it as excluding slavery, as adopting
the organic law of Iowa to that effect. Did the
Senator from Indiana admit that the act of the pro-
visional government of Oregon excluded slavery?
Mr. BRIGHT said he so admitted it.
Mr. HALE, with leave of the Senator, withdrew
his amendment for the present. He had been
accused of thrusting a firebrand in the Senate. He
would now take it out, and see how the bill would
go on without it. He would renew it hereafter or
not, as he might deem best.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
WESTCOTT—
Mr. BRIGHT, with the consent of the friends,
consented to strike out the 12th section. He moved
to strike it out.
Mr. HALE said if that section was stricken out
he should renew his amendment. His object was
to permit the bill to pass in its present shape. He
asked the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. CALHOUN thought the striking out of the
12th,section would notremove the difficulty. There
are three questions involved: 1st. The power (f
Congress to interfere With persons emigrating with
their property into the State; 2d. The power of
the Territorial Government to do so; and, 3d. The
power of Congress to vest such a power in the
Territory. The amendment moved by the Sena- *
tor from Florida was the only course. He did not
wish to delay the bill. But if the matter was to
be gone into, it would be the best way-to separate
the military authority from the residue of the bill,
and act on that at present. \
Mr. MILLER expressed surprise at the extent
of the assumption that the people of Oregon had
no right to prohibit slavery. Where was the au-
thority to create slavery there?
Mr. DICKINSON said he was willing to strike
out the 12th section, and to leave the territorial
government to take care of itself. He had full
confidence in the wisdom of the territorial legisla-
ture to make its own laws.
Mr. BAGBY referred to the principles laid down
in the resolutions he had some time since submit-
ted to the Senate as those which must be sustained,
and should regulate the action of Congress. Con-
gress has no more right over the territory than it
has over any other property of the United States.
Here we were about to erect a wall around a ter-
ritory in which citizens of other States could not
meet without leaving their property behind them.
He differed from the Senator from South Carolina
as to the twelfth section. That section was an
eyesore to him, and he wished it strickcn out; in
which event he would vote for the bill, deeming it
sufficient for its purposes as it would then stand.
He protested against the monstrous doctrine ad-
vanced by the Senator frpm New York, [Mr.
Dickinson,] and protested also against these at-
tempts to stirup agitation in reference to a territory
into #hich it was generally admitted that slavery
was never likely to enter. .
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me? I
have withdrawn my firebrand, and this is a south~
ern firebrand which is now thrown in. %
Mr. BAGBY. I know he has withdrawn it, but
he promises to renew it. The northein fire burns
more slowly than the southern fire; and whenever
the Senator from New Hampshire desires to renew
it, he has wind enough to kindle a flame. He
deprecated the new doctrine as to these ephemeial
