1848.
the congressional gww&
8ii
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked the con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee onJPatents be, and thevare
hereby, authorized and required to send for persons and pa-
pers, and 10 thoroughly investigate the charges as preferred
by H. 8. Thistle against the Commissioner of Patents for
granting letters patent to Thornton Grimslev for an improve-
ment in the manufacture of dragoon saddles, when at the
•same time (as alleged bysaid Thistle) an application for the
same invention for letters patent had been pending in the
£j?t('nt Office some several months prior to and at the time
of said Grimsley's application, and for which letters patent
were issued to said (Sriiusley without due notice being given
to saidThi.«tle, as required by law in such eases; and that
said committee report the result of such investigation to this
House at the earliest day practicable.
Mr. BOWLIN objected, and the resolution was
not received.
INTERNATIONAL EX-CHANGES.
Mr. MURPHY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution in relation to Mr.
Vattemare'e plan of international exchange of for-
eign publications. Mr. Vattemare had been here
for three months, and was still remaining in the dark
respecting the result of his application to this Gov-
ernment. He hoped there would, therefore, be
no objection to the resolution which he desired to
offer:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consideration of
Ho,use bill No. 459, to regulate the exchange of certain doc-
uments and other publications of Congress.
The resolution having been agreed to, the House
proceeded to consider said bill, which was read, as
follows:
A BILL to regulate the exchange of certain documents, and.
other publications of Congtess.
Be it enacted, 4 c., That the JomtComnnttee on the Libra-
ry shall appoint such agents as they may Irom time to time
deem requisite, to carry into effect th#  donation and exchange
of such documents and other publications as have been or
shall be placed at their disposal for the purpose.
Sec. 2. be it further enacted, That all books trans-
mitted through such agent* for the use of the Government
of the United States, or of an> governmentof a State or of its
Legislature, or of anv department of the Government nf the
United States or of a State, or of the Academy at West Point,
or of the National Institute, shah beadmitttd into the United
Spates duty free.
Sec. 3. ~2ndbeU further enacted, That the sum of vtwo
thousand dollars is hereby appiopriated out of any money in
the treasury not otherwise appiopriated, and the same is
put at the disposal of the Libraiy Committee, for the pur-
pose of carrying into effect such donation and exchange, and
of paying the expenses already incurred in relation thereto.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee of the Wholeton the state
of the Union.
Mr. MURPHY urged Mr. Jones to withdraw
his motion and let the bill pass. Mr. Vattemare
had been here three or four months at considerable
expense, and it was the wish of the Committee on
the Library to defray his expenses, and there was
no way by which the committee could do so unless
the bill passed.
Mr. McKAY said the bill required consideration
in committee, and he hoped the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee would prevail.
Mr. FARAN rose to a question of order. A
rule of the House required that all money bills or
bills appropriating money be first considered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and he desired to know if it was not the duty of
the Chair to put them there?
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
the Whole had just been discharged from the con-
sideration of the bill.
The question was put on recommitting the.bill,
and no quorum voted.
The. House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 2,"1848.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to experiments
in weights and measures; of which, on motion of
Mr. DOWNS, 10,000 extra copies wereoidered to
be printed.
Also, a report from the Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury, in reply to a resolution submitted by
Mr. Webster on the 29th ult., on the sfibject of
the delay in the progress of erecting a light-house
on Execution Rocks, Long; Island ; which was
ordered to be printed. " <
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from a
number of merchants of Charleston, asking that
the contract entered into between the Postmaster
General and certain citizens, of Charleston, for car-
rying the mail between that city and Havana, in
Cuba, may be approved by Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from John
R,. Bryant, administrator of Purser Garretson,
asking a reimbursement of money.expended for
office rent; which was referred to t!he Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from Mary
Ann Bronaugh, widow of a deceased volunteer in
the Mexican war, asking a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported the, bill further to carry
into effect the provisions and stipulations of the
ninth article of the Florida treaty, with respect to
certain losses by Spanish subjects in West Florida,
without amendment, recommending its passage,
and accompanied by a report; of which, on mo-
tion of Mr. WESTCOTT, 500 extra copies were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on the Library, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read a first time:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the portrait of Major General Baron De Kalb, presented by
his surviving family, be placed in the Library of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS also presented, in the name of Brig-
adier General Twiggs, a Mexican #ag, taken in
Mexico, which he introduced by an eulogium on
the exploits of our army in the various battles
which led to the occupation of the capital.
Mr. DAYTON suggested that the flag be de-
posited in the Department of State; but as Mr.
Davis thought some more conspicuous, position
should be assigned to it, Mr. Dayton withdrew
his suggestion, and the subject was suffered to lie
over.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill to establish a terri-
torial government in Oregon.
Mr. BRIGHT withdrew his motion to strike
out the twelfth section.
Mr. BERRIEN renewed the^motioiv, and asked
the ye^s and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. WESTCOTT wished to ask if Senators,
understood the character and effect of the existing
laws in Oregon. He alluded to all the laws. We
were about jo sanction laws which have not yet
been submitted to us. Theie was among them-a
sumptuary law, prohibiting the introduction of
any ardent spirits in the territory. [Mr. Hale:
Good-!] The Senator from New Hampshire says
"good," and he will probably vote for the bill.
But he would ask, if the territorial government
had a right thus to interfere with the United States
system of import duties? The provisional gov-
ernment of Oregon was merely an assemblage of
emigrants who iirst went there—of all nations and
castes—and never was recognized as a govern-
ment while we held the territory in joint occupa-
tion with Great Britain. He suggested these facts
for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. TURNEY was in favor of the motion
when made by the Senator from Indiana, because
he regarded it as intended to conciliate the North
and the South. But he had withdrawn it, and it
was renewed by a southern Senator; so that it
was intended now to make it a sectional question.
He regarded it as a violation of the common plat-
• form agreed on by the Democratic party. He
warned the Senators who advocated the retention
of the section, of the dangers to which they sub-
jected themselves J?y withdrawing the motion to
strike it out. The party would be at sea, and
there could be no union between the Noith and
South.
Mr. BADGER gave briefly his reasons for
voting to-retain the twelfth section. The settlers in
Oregon, for the purpose of self-defence, had estab-
lished a provisional government. Congress was
now calted on to sanction the acts of this provis-
ional government. Should this section be stricken
out, the people of Oiegon will be left in a situati#n
in which they will have no laws which can be
carried into executio'n. Months must elapse before
the system now to be established can be made
effective. We must either give temporary force
to the laws' now existing, or abolish them. He
regarded the retention of the section as necessary
to enable the people to obtain the benefits of the
existing laws. He thougjtf the inhabitants ought
to have the power to establish their own munici*
pal regulations, and that the restrictions contained
m the Senate bill are sufficient to prevent any evil
results'. • ' -
Mr. RUS|C regretted that the Senator frdra In*
diana- had consented to withdraw hitf motion to
strike out the section, because he thought it con-
stituted a common ground on which all might have
united, and haye avoided the discussion of the
slavery question. . He took a diflerentview of the
effect of this section from tftat t^ken by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina who had just spoken.
Mr. WESTCOTT sent to the Secretary a copy
of the organic laws of Oregon, as adopted previ-
ous to the treaty of Oregon; which was read.
Mr. BUTLER said it was evident that this bill
did not come to the Senate with the twelfth section
in it by the consent of a full Committee on the
Territories. It was sanctioned by two members .
of that committee, and was in direct conflict with
the well-guarded and able bill reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee. He had hoped the section
would be stricken out, and that the people of Ore-
gon might be left to make such laws as they may
think proper, whether they exclude or admit sla-
very. He did not wish to send out a bill which
could be held up by the North as a concession of
the South. He was willing to give the people the
right to legislate hereafter, but he was required to
go further. He did nq,t, however, admit the right •
of a territory to legislate in opposition to the opin-
ions of Congress. He believed that slavery would
never exist in Oregon, and therefore he would not
discuss the question now. But he protested against
the doctrine that any territory could frame laws in
contradiction to the laws of Congress.
Mr. BADGER explained what he had said,and
which (he complained) had been misunderstood or
misstated, and reasserted the grounds on which he
had placed his argument against striking out the
section. He insisted that territories had no power
to legislate independent of Congress; that they de-
rivedall their legislative authority from Congress.
The people of Oregon had established a govern-
ment without the authority of Congress, and it had
continued by sufferance and not by right, until Con-
gress shall establish it. By the omission of Con-
gress, the people of Oregon have been compelled
to make laws; but any of these laws—such as that
assuming the right to make war, and to dispose of
the public lands—as violate the powers of the Gen-
eral Government, are void.
Mr. RUSK referred to the fifteenth section of"-
the act which gives to all the existing regulations
the force and character of laws* He objected to
the twelfth section, because it was taken up by
politicians to Jfrment discords in the country and
on this floor.^He did not wish to force, or to re-
strict slavery, in any State. But he would not go
into that question now. He hoped the friends of'
the bill would reconsider their course.
Mr. N1LES said he had always desired to avoid
this subjcct whenever it was introduced on a mere,
abstraction; but now it was brought before us in
a bill of a very important character to establish a,
form of government. He objected to the term
"firebrand " berngapplied to the subject. Theques-
tion, as far as he understood it, was, whether we
should incorporate slavery in the new territory, or
leave the door open, and permit slavery to insinuate
and establish itself there. He undei stood the gist
of the principle laid dosvn by some Senators to be,
that slavery was the fundamentallaw of every ter-
ritory. If it was intended to assert that all prop-
erty belongs to the Federal Government, what
became of the rights of States? A,nd how could
this ground be taken by the advocates of State
rights? The Constitution took no cognizance of
property. Its regulation was left to the States;
and if what is property in one State is not property
in another, we must adopt some rule of decision
which will violate the provisions of one State or
another. The question is in our hands, and the
majority must determine it, and the minority must
submit to the decision. He was ready to act on
this view.
We had been told that the Federal Government
must not touch slavery, and- he went with the
southern Senators in that view. It was said to
be a State right, yet here it is required to be regu-
lated by the Federal Government. He could not
go for this. To introduce slavery into a territory
now %e was a, new question, and he was not pre-
