81%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
to sanction it. He asked Senators if they
supposed that the northern States would send rep-
resentatives, here to see such a course carried out.
The doctrine that the question of slavery should be
left to .the people of the territory to determine,
(which might Be very popular,) he was opposed
- to, because he did not recognize every assemblage
of . individuals as possessing the element of sov-
ereignty.
He regretted to see a disposition on both sides
the Chamber to avoid the discussion of important
questions. He tyas prepared to meet it in any
shape. Would Senators from six States, who
were instructed to introduce the non-slavery prin-
ciple in all acts for the establishment of new terri-
torial governments, be willing to sit strll when a
bill like this was under consideration ? He could
not do so. He did not know haw the Senators
from New York, who had been instructed twice
over, would act. He had himself been instructed
twice, but the instruction made no difference in
his course. He believed the discussion and set-
tlement of this subject by Congress would have
the effect of tranquiiizing and settling the public
mind. He should go against striking out the sec-
tion. If you strike out the section, you introduce
an entirely new system in our legislation. He
referred to the course adopted in the establishment
of territorial governments and the admission of
States, to show that it was at variance with that
now pursued. It had always been a rule to make
the existing laws and condition of- the people the
basis of legislation. But we refuse to do that in
the present case; we leave the present condition }
and laws of the people entirely out of view. We ■
have now to settle the question of slavery in Ore- j
gon finally, as regards the Federal Government, j
because, when' the territory becomes a State, it i
acts in its sovereign capacity, and he thought the i
. best way was to settle it conclusively, without at- I
tempting to shun it. In reference to slavery as
an element of power, he stated that it was not a
power which would concentrate itself in the North;
but in the Federal Government it was an element
of immense power, because it enabled it to control I
and wield the whole power of the South. He I
warned the North against being deluded by the j
siren song of harmony and conciliation, which ,
never did mean anything else, and never would
mean anything else, than that the North must
give up. He wished to see the balance-wheel of
justice preserved, lest, by long forbearance on the
part of the North, the South should pursue a ,
course which would finally become intolerable, ;
and then the North might be compelled to vindicate !
itself, and to do it with more power than discre- i
tion. He went on to speak of slaves being re-
garded as property, and conclude by a very
eloquent appeal to the Senate to permit the ques-.
tion to be now disposed of.
Mr. DOWNS followed. He stated that he did
not go the full extent of the sentiments entertained
and expressed by some of the southern Senators.
He had never gone the length of asserting that
slavery Was the fundamental law of any territory.
He complained of the assertion that this question
concentrated power in the South.. He said that
the South had never received her due portion of
the benefits of the Federal Government. He did
not allude to offices. The South was willing to
perffit the offices, which they considered as merely ,
incidents, to be given to the North; but in com- '
mercial facilities and in the appropriations for the :
public benefit, the South had been left far behind
the North. The South did not desire to bring on
this question for debate. She understood her no- '
sition too well. She knew that her position was '
a defensive one, and it was not for her to come :
forward and provoke a discussion. The vote of
the South in favor of the annexation of Texas was ;
an act of self-defence, in consequence of the re- ■
peated assaults made on her from the North, i
There had been no preliminary movements in the !
South—no meetings; all the movements weremade 1
in the North. And these movements led to the i
union of the South for the purpose of self-defence, i
On the Missouri question, the South did not move 1
the first, nor will they make the first movement. ,
They will expostulate with their friends in the
North; they would entreat, but they would not!
move until they should find it necessary for self- s
preservation. Let us lay this question at rest; let 1
us dig a grave and bury it, and swear on the Con- jj
stitution never again todisturbits repose,and every j
member from the South will come there and kiss
the book.
Mr. HOUSTON, for the purpose of putting an
end to the discussion, moved to amend the twelfth
section, in the ninth line, by inserting the follow-
ing word3 : " or in violation of any rights hy the
laws or Constitution of the United States vested in
or secured to the. citizens of the United States, or
 ny of them," so that the section would read as
follows:
Sec. 12. Jind he it further enacted, -That-the inhabitants
of the said Territory slmll be entitled to all the nght.% privi-
leges, and immunities heretofore granted and secured to the
Territory of Iowa and to its inhabitants; and the existing
laws now in force in the Territory of Oregon, under the au-
thority of the provisional government established by the
people thereof, shall continue to be valid and operative
therein, so far as the same be not incompatible with the j
provisions of this act, or in violation of any rights by the
law or Constitution of the XJmted States vested or secured
to theettizensof the United States, or any of them; subject, I
nevertheless, to be altered, modified, or repealed, by the j
Governor and Legislative Assembly of the said Territory of f
Oregon; and the laws of the United States-are hereby ex- {
tended over and declared to be in force in said Territory, so '
far as the same, or any provision thereof, may be applica-
ble.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to strike
out the section—
Mr. CALHOUN asked the Senator from Texas
what was the object contemplated in his amend-
ment; whether it was to give protection to the
property of southern gentlemen ?
Mr. HOUSTON said his object was to protect
the citizens of Oregon. As to slavery, it was a
question not belonging to Congress. It was the
province of the Judiciary^to set aside any uncon-
stitutional act of Congress. He was not to be
alarmed by any little outbreaks in this Chamber.
He had no idea that we were standing on the verge
of a crisis—that the Union was about to be dis-
solved. He believed nothing of the kind. He
had too much confidence in the integrity and pa-
triotism of Senators;and if that should fail, he would
appeal to the integrity and patriotism north and
south. He regretted to see the most important
principles made the football of passion and bad
feeling.
On this question Mr. BRIGHT again demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered: when the
vote stood for passing over informally: Yeas 26,
nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, B.idjer, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Crittenden, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Davton, Downs, Hunter,
Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mansum, Miller. Nile?, Sebas-
tian, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Opham, Westcott,
and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alhcrton, Bngby, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Dickinson, I)ix, Felch,
Foote, Hannegan, Houston, Moor, Busk, and Sturgeon—17.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 3, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial of of-
ficers of the army in Mexico, praying the purchase
and improvement of a piece of ground to be de-
nominated th€ "American Cemetery," and that
the bodies- of all American soldiers, who have'
sacrificed their lives for their country in Mexico,
or who may hereafter die in that country, may be
therein interred. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The House proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of Peter Shaffer, yesterday reported from
the Committee of the Whole and laid aside for
consideration this day.
Mr. DANIEL took the floor, and spoke in op-
position to the bill, and, while proceeding in his
remarks, yielded the floor at the request of
Mr. VINTON, who moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the appropriation bills.
The question was decided in the affirmative:
Yeas 97, nays 60.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
And the House resolved itself into Committee
Mr: CALHOUN made a few remarks on the I; 1*^?^
applicability of the principles adopted in reference
to fowa to the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON explained.
Mr. HANNEGAN suggested that the ordinance
of 1787 could never have been operative in Iowa.
Some further explanations on the subject were !j
made between Mr. BUTLER and Mr. CRIT- ,
TENDEN. :i
Mr. HANNEGANsaid that every difficulty had !;
been removed by the adoption of the amendment.
He hoped the bill would now be passed, and that
then, for an important reason, the Senate would
go into Executive business.
Mr. CALHOUN made some explanation as to
the admission of Iowa.
Mr. BERRIEN added a few words, and moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business.
Mr. BRIGHT asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
■ Mr. UPHAM moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BRIGHT asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Rockwell, of Connecticut, in the chair,) and
proceeded to consider the bill making appropria-
The question being taken, it was decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin5 Bell, Berrien, Butler,
Calhoun, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Manguni,
Miller, jViIeis, Spruance, and Uphaiu—14.
NAY'S—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Borland, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Crittenden, Davis
of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Down®, Felch, Foote, Hale
Hanner-*- "—"—
Moor. '
Westcott.
tions for the naval service for the year ending:
i June 30, 1849.
I Mr. BRODHEAD said that the bill before the
I committee ^as the naval appropriation bill; but
! the subject under discussion was slavery, and the
j power of the Government over slavery in the Ter-
' ritories. The two gentlemen who had yesterday-
discussed this question had, by their speeches,
convinced him that there were gentlemen in the
South who held extreme opinions on this subject.
He had heretofore supposed that the people of the
South, with one accord, maintained the absolute
neutrality of the General Government in regard to
slavery; and all must remember with what vehe-
mence the exercise of the right of petition to Con-
gress on that subject had been resisted, and what
menaces of disunion had been uttered, if it should
be allowed. This was on the express ground that
the General Government had nothing to do with
slavery, in the way either of supporting or abol-
ishing it. The South loudly disclaimed asking
the Government to protect it in the Territories.
But now a different ground was assumed. The
advocates of the Wilmot proviso insisted that the
Government could and ought to prohibit slavery
| the Territories: it was both the power and the
duty of Government to do so. Now, the gentle-
man from South Carolina [IVIr. RhettI Hftreed
I XirltV* rvi ...1 . 1
ic^an, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis^ . with them that Government possessed power over
v.Jiop^Si Slur«eon, Turney, Underwood, ;j the subject in the Territories, but contended that
Mr HA\NFrANi a, t? .• ' I power should be exercised in upholding and
r ^ ^ desired to go into Executive :j supporting ,t there. There were, howeve? but
imnor^nre & ™,nutes 011 a matter of |j few, either in the South or in the North, who con-
nnporiance.  y ,hat th(J power) ;f ;t existe(i> ougllt w b<J
p exercised. And IVIr. B. avowed his position to
^ .• , , •« . ,   ~~• — —r~- 11 be in favor of an entire neutrality in the Onvem-
acting on the bill without delay, and avowed his ;| ment on the whole subjcct. Congress save the
T > ,th®re.2lntl! Monday morning if he jl Territories the machinery of a territorial govem-
fntJ, J V ' WaS deslrous to g° '! and he was for letting the Territorie^ work
into Executive session on a matter which the Sen- ;i the machine for them.elveV He KudXt
that the motion thad t^erThur^ did'«
WMrd WESTCO^mo^lVlh,,1?"! T* !! The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Batlv] con-
infWm^^^^th a^ew to go into Executive ^es*" Mm *• reipect-
5 mio executive ses <, mg the legislative power of Congress m regard to
i the Territories of the United States conferred no
