THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR k RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 14, 1848.
New Series No. 52.
Some further discussion followed, in which
Messrs. CATHCART and HOLMES, of South
Carolina, participated.
Mr. PETTIT expressed his wish to speak to
the bill, though not to this amendment, and he
moved that the committee rise. He withdrew the
motion, however, at the request of
Mr. STANTON, who entered into a further ex-
planation of his views as to the advantages likely
to result to navigation as well as astronomical
knowledge in general, from the expedition pro-
posed, and was proceeding to fortify his positions
by quoting the scientific letter imbodied in the report
of the Naval Committee, when
Mr. HILLIA R D expressed his hope that the
gentleman would give way for a motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. VINTON remonstrated, and expressed his
earnest desire that the bill would be disposed of
to-day.
Mr. STANTON said he would waive further
remark if the question could be taken now. [Cries
for the question.]
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, appropriating five thousand dollars for
the expedition to Chili, and it was decided in the
afftrrrtaCivL by ayes 80, noes 34.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment to the bill;
which was read.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the committee rise;
which motion prevailing, the committee rose ac-
cordingly.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, asked leave
to offer a resolution, that when the House adjourns
on Tuesday next, it will adjourn to Friday next.
The resolution being objected to, it was not re-
ceived.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, on behalf of
the minority of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
made a report in relation to the Cherokee Indians
in North Carolina. [The majority report on the
same subject was made some time since.] The
minority report was referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorial's and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Nancy
Hough, m her own light and on belia.lt ot Andtew Finlcy,
Polly F)nicy now the wife of Walter Boll, and the widow
and children of John Fuiley, deceased, heirs ot Samuel Fin-
ley, deceased, who was a lieutenant in the revolutionary
war, praying for commutation pay.
Bv Mr. McCLERNAND • The petition of a number to
citizens in Illinois, for a po^t loute from Metropolis city of
Joneoboiough.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 3, 1848.
Mr. STURGEON, presented a petition from
"William Gilmer and others, asking the construc-
tion of a post road between Philadelphia and New
York; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Allen; which was read a first time.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bill in explanation of an
act entitled " Art act to apportion the proceeds of
the public lands, and to grant preemption rights;"
which was taken up for consideration, and read a
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DIX, 2,000 copies of the map
of the route for a canal across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama were ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HALE introduced the following, which
was referred to the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That Lloid Wallace and Sylvester Gray, labor-
ers in the seivicc ot" the Senate, be allowed, the former at
52
$2 per day, and the latter 50 per day, to take elfoet fiom
the commencement of the prevent session nf Congress, to
be paid under the diiection of the Committee to audit and
control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mc. DOWNS submitted the following:
Resolved, That on and after Monday next, the Senate will
meetat It o'clock,
A considerable number of bills received from the
House of Representatives were read a first and
second time by their titles and appropriately re-
ferred.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the resolutions
in relation to the collection of statistical informa-
tion submitted by him on the 10th ultimo. The
resolutions were read, as follows:
Resohed, c , That the Commissioner of Patents be, and
he is li"i<■!)", directed to leport annually the sellini; pi ices of
the agricultural product-, ol the several Stale- of the Union,
upon the lann or plantation, an$ at tlie maikel town oreit.v
nearest to the produce; and also the price of lahor, by tlie
day or t.L,e month and the } car, in each Slate or division of
a State, wllfire prices materially vaiy in different paits of
the same State.
Resohed, farther, That paid Commissioner also report an-
nually the nuinboi and description of liianufactnimi; estab-
lisllinentsin the United State.- in winr h Ihe capital^iivesled
exceeds $ ; the amount and quality of yoods manufac-
tured of each ; the selling prices at the manufactories ; tlie
prices paid for labor to the hands eni,'a2;ed in tlie manufae-
tones, arid the places whrie the manulaetoiies aie situated
Resolved, further, That it shall be tin: duty of the several
deputy posunaslers of the United States to answer all such
inqiin ies as may be submitted to them bv the Commissioner
o' Patents, and yive siu h information as Ui'Y ma;, be able to
obtain toucluuy the subjects embraied in the loiegomg ie-.~
olutions.
The resolutions being before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole—
Mr. BENTON rose to resist the adoption of the
resolutions, which appeared to him to open a field
of inquiry to which there were no limits. Folios
might, under these resolutions, be collected, of no
more value to the public than the contents of last
year's Almanac. Manufacturing establishments!
Of what character? Was it to include all the do-
mesticestablishmentsforthefabrication of clothing?
The price oflabor ! What particular kinds oflabor
were intended? Was it the price for the present
or the past year, or for years back ? How was all
this information to bo collected ? It was to be done
by the Patent Office; and all this v^ist amount of
unnecessary labor was to be thrown on that office,
while the examination of patents is fifteen months
in arrear—so much so, that resolutions have been
submitted here for the purpose of getting patents
examined. Pass these resolutions, and a new set of
officers will be required. There must be a head to
direct, and it would employ a number of clerks to
write letters all over the United States. Then the
answers must be received, and digested, and filed.
And how were they to be verified? Would you have
agents in every place where agricultural produce
is sold? Then, the printing alone of this mass of
matter would bring an enormous expense on the
Government. And for what purpose? We have
now a price current primed in every commercial
city and town, and by this the people are gov-
erned in all their transactions. The Federal Gov-
ernment seemed to him to be msidly shooting from
its spheie. If we were to print millions of the
document called for by these resolutions, we should
not supersede the use of the prices current.
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed his regret that
he should have introduced resolutions which had
excited the Senator from Missouri—a Senator of
such experience, the oldest Senator on the floor—
to such a vehement opposition to them. Had he
supposed they would have led to such consequences
as had been stated, he surely would never have
offered them. Had he supposed that he was about
to impose on the Commissioner of Patents the duty
of inquiring at every farm in the United States the
value of the products sold, ho would not have intro-
duced his resolutions. He never had dreamed
that his call would have been capable of being con-
strued as the Senator from Missouri had construed
it. Certainly he had no intention of the kind; and
he was willing to make any modification which
might be suggested. He had, in expectation that
his resolutions would be opposed, spoken to the
Commissioner of Patents, and was told that his
plan would subject the office to no additional ex-
pense. The information would be sent through
the Post Office Department. It was only necessary
for the Commissioner to prepare the form of a cir-
cular, which would be addressed to all the deputy
postmasters. They would, no doubt, send answeis;
and these replies would be put on file. He did not
propose, in calling for a list of manufacturing estab-
lishments, to go into the domestic operations of
carding, and spinning, and weaving. As to the.
expense, he had left a blank which might be filled
with §5,000 or $10,000—a sum which would be so
limited as to exclude the possibility of going into
these details. If the Senate should think the in-
quiry as to the agricultural products too searching,
he was willing to make it specific—to name wheat,
rye, corn, &c.
The Senator from Missouri said the information,
when obtained, would be of no more value than
last year's Almanac. He disagreed with the Sen-
ator on that point. He thought the information
would be very useful; and lie would give the Senate
an example to illustrate this: How are our army
and navy supplied with clothing, &c. ? Whence
do they derive their subsistence? You send out
contractors to make purchases. He had looked
into the accounts of some of these contractors, some
time ago, and had seen, that, in some instances,
oats had been charged at a price two or three times
beyond what they could have been obtained for in
his neighborhood. With this information befoie
it, the proper department could institute a compar-
ison of prices, and thus detect any abuses which
might exist. The Senator from Missouri might
(hink this no object; but he (Mr. U.) thought it
important to gain information which would have
the effect of enabling the contracting department
to be on its guard against abuses.
As to the price of labor, the resolution says that
the return is to be merely a general return from
States, or divisions of States, when there is a ma-
terial variation in the prices. In,this matter a good
deal was left to the discretion of the Commissioner
of Patents. If we employ the deputy postmasters,
and collect this information, the whole expense of
the printing would certainly not exceed $1,000.
He again expressed his regret that so vehement
an opposition should have been made to his reso-
lutions by a Senator who had so much moie ex-
perience than himself. If he could have seen any
of the great evils which that Senator had described,
he certainly would not have offered the resolutions.
Mr. BENTON adverted to the enormous costs
for printing which had been brought on the coun-
tiy-by resolutions apparently of trifling importance
in themselves. One of these calling on the Com-
missioner of Patents to furnish certain agricultural
statistics had led to the report of a document of
some 1,-100 pages, and the costof printing of which
amounted to $90,000. Again, in the instance of a
voluminous documentary history, Consress was
rescued from a heavy pecuniary expenditure, and
thought itself fortunate to escape at the cost of
§550,000. When the fifteen thousand deputy post-
masters shall have burdened the mails with their
answers to these inquiries, it would require a new
building to hold the mass of paper which would be
collected. IIow many cleiks would be necessarily
employed in digesting the information, under one
directing head ' Then we should begin to see the
extent of the consequences of this inquiry. Yet,
all this would be merely preliminary. When the
matter is collected, then will come the printing, anu
then the distribution of the matter printed. And
then would come the great inquiry, Of what use is
all this ? Would not everybody in the woild find
out the price, of everything in the world without
this volume? Every man who makes a contract
will refer to his own knowledge—to his own mem-
ory—for the necessary information to guide him .
Nothing that he can obtain from this document will
alter thS price of a single commodity m the mar-
ket The sellers will not go to these books, sup-
posing they can get them, to regulate their prices.
The books might show that at one time couon
brought thirty cents per pound; but would that in -
