818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Alienee the market price now ? The Senator from
Kentucky said this information would be beneficial
to the Subsistence department, but it would have
no effect on the market prices. The officers at the
lead of the Subsistence department are gentlemen
in whom.be lwd entire confidence. General Gibson
and General Jesup were men of experience, and de-
serving of trust. " He said that the charge alluded
to by the Senator from Kentucky on the subject
of oats was a typographical mistake. He hoped
the Senator from Kentucky would -withdraw the
resolutions, which would only be productive of a
mass of details of no kind of use.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected to the style of
sarcasm in which the Senator from Missouri had
thought it proper to treat these resolutions, and
reiterated his conviction that information of great :
value would be produced by the resolutions. He j
had no objection, as the morning hour had elapsed, j
to postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lutions.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the resolu-
tions were then permitted informally to he over.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to establish a
territorial government in the Territory of Ore-
gon.
Mr. FOOTE moved to amend the twelfth sec-
tion in the fourth line, by inserting the words,
" tiro.vided the same be compatible with the laws
and Constitution of the Uniled States."
He explained his object to be to obviate objec-
tions to the clause as it stood, which were likely
to lead to a prolonged discussion.
Mr. BRIGHT was understood, amidst much
noise and confusion, to accept the amendment. •
Mr. WESTCOTT gave his opinion that the
amendment would not change the character of the
section. It would be utterly inoperative, and he
would vote against it.
Mr. FOOTE replied that not one word of the
Senator's argument was pertinent to the subject,
and that he looked to those who had charge of ihc
bill for advice rather than to the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. UNDERWOOD suggested that when this J
bill took effect, the judges and officers appointed
by the General Government would be bound by
the Constitution, and nothing which could be in-
troduced to strengthen their obligations could ren-
der them more perfect. He then proceeded to
make some reply to the charge made by the Sena-
tor from Connecticut that the power exercised by
the South was greater than that of the North,
•because the slave interest was a bond of union in
the South. He thought the Senator was mistaken
as to the fact. The South was not welded to-
gether by this slave interest. But if it was true,
was it discreet to endeavor to weaken this cement
by attacking that interest? ■ He believed that he
could see a disposition in the northern Senators to
restrict the extension of slavery by preventing it
from being introduced into any of the territories
we may hereafter acquire. We who advocate the
striking out of the bill, are disposed to leave it to
the people of Oregon to make their own laws, in-
stead of attempting to prescribe to them laws which
do not operate on ourselves. He thought the ar-
guments advanced against his views unsound and
unsustainable. If the will of the people should
extend the institution ®f slavery, nothing that we
can interpose in the form of law, could prevent its
extension. Congress has no remedy for such an
evil. Congress could not set aside the acts of any
of the States who might think proper to take this
course. He denied that Congress has the power
to bind its successors by its acts. Congress might
prescribe laws for a territory, and compel obedi-
ence to them while a territory; but when a terri-
tory becomes a State, there is no power in Con-
gress to annul any of her acts in her sovereign
capacity.
if the slave power in the South was so great, he
asked if the couise of the Senator from New
Hampshire was not calculated to strengthen it.
Abolish slavery, and the South, instead of having
three-fifths, will have five-fifths m her elections.
If the schemes of abolitionists should prevail, do
they suppose that the South will extend the right
of suffrage, so as to admit all the colored persons
to vote, to place them on the same level with the
white citizens ? He appealed to Senators from the
North not to intermeddle with a matter they do
not understand, but to let the South alone. If
they attempt to carry out their views, they never
can succeed until they have annihilated the South.
It had been thrown out that this slave question
was to influence the proceedings of the convention
at Philadelphia next week; that in the contingency
of the nomination of a particular individual, the
abolition thunder would be heard rolling from the
Worth. It had also been suggested that the pos-
session of a .slave should be a disqualification for
office. He protested against all tests of this kind.
On the subject of fraternizing and amalgamation,
he pointed the attention of northern Senators to
Hayti and Yucatan, and expressed the hope that
such consequences would not be brought on this
country. He defejided those northern Senators
who went with the slaveholders from the imputa-
tion of being dough-facea. He expressed his regret
that difficulties should have arisen in particular
States m the way of the restoration of the slave
to his master, and attributed their existence to a
decay of the proper spirit among us.
Mr. BALDWIN believed the striking out of
the twelfth section would be an expression of the
opinion of Congress "against the validity of the
legislation of the existing government of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon.
In reference to fugitive slaves, he to'olc the
ground that the slave laws of South Carolina are
local; that they are a violation of the natural rights
of man; and that when a slave enters a free State,
he does not take slavery with him into that State,
but the local laws having lost their power there,
he becomes free. He also contended, that when
a slave goes on board a ship and leaves the slave
State, he becomes free. Even whea a slave ac-
companies his master to a free State, for a tempo-
rary sojourn, he believed that his shackles fell off.
He admitted that in these opinions he went beyond
many Senators on his sidS" of the Chamber, be-
yond the decisions of the Senate and of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. BCJTLER asked whether, in case slaves
were carried away from the State of Georgia, the
Senator from Connecticut would not vote to in-
demnify the owners?
Mr. BALDWIN. Just so far as I would to
indemnify a master whose apprentice had been
carried^olf by the enemy—not as property, but as
a person in whose services the master had a cer-
tain interest.
He then proceeded with a constitutional argu-
ment, which he delivered from a manuscript before
him, and which occupied a long time in its de-
livery.
After Mr. B. had concluded—
Mr. HALE took the floor, and, the hour being
late, moved that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until Monday; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BADGER, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted an amendment, substituting for the words pro-
posed to be inserted by Mr. Foote, in the twelfth
section of the bill, a proviso that the people of
Oregon shall not be subject to the sixth article of
the compact in the ordinance of 1787; which was
accepted by Mr. Fooie, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON submitted the following:
Resolved ly the Senate, That the Vice Piesidetit be re-
quested to h.tve the flag of the United Stales first erected by
the American army upon the palace in tlie capital of Mexi-
co, and now here presented, deposited lor batekeepmg in
the Department of State of the United States.
After some remarks from Messrs. DAYTON,
DIX, and ALLEN, the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after a brief session therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 5, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. William Pitt Lynue, a Representative
from the State of Wisconsin, appeared this day,
was sworn to-support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and took a seat in the House.
Mr. HOLMES, pf South Carolina, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That when this House adjourns to-morrow, it
; adjourn to meet on Fnday next.
| Mr. TALLMADGE mo-ved to lay the n-solu-
tion on the table; which motion was rejected.
The question was then put on the resolution,
: and it was agreed to.
; On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama,
Resolved, That tiic .wi of the General Assembly of the
, State of Alabama entitled *'Ari not for the improvement of
, the Tennessee river," approved March 3d, IMS. be referred
' to the Committee on Commerce, ant! that -aid committee
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill carrying into
■ efi'eet tin; provision* of bant act.
i Mr. CUMMINS called up the motion he made
on Thursday hist, to reconsider the vote by which
the bill he introduced the previous day, declaratory
of the rights of naturalized citizens of the United
States, and to protect them in the peaceful exer-
cise and enjoyment of their nghls and privileges
against the acts and influence of foreign Govern-
ments and their diplomatic agents, was rcfeircd to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CUMMINS said his object in making the
motion to reconsider was to change the reference
of the bill. He thought it should not properly be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. That
committee had jurisdiction of questions touching
the judicial proceedings of this country; the bill
pertained to points of international law and not
laws of the United States; therefore it more prop-
erly belonged to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, if it went to any standing committee. But,
for himself, he preferred to have it sent to a select
committee.
He proceeded to refer to the provisions of the
bill to sustain his views relative to iis reference.
His mind had been called to the subject from the
passing of certain events, not remote in time or
place,from the investigation of certain proceedings
had in this metropolis, which had been already
published over the whole land, touching certain
questions of international law.
The first question to which h| wished to direct
the attention of the committee was to the decision
of the American law upon the subject of alle-
giance—whetherallegiance was a matter of choice,
or whether a man necessarily owed allegiance to
the land of his nativity as long as he lived. This
was the root of two other doctrines, to wit: the
right of search, and the right of impressment,
which were the legitimate offspring of this selfish
doctiine of natural and eternal allegiance. He re-
ferred to the acts of the British Government prior
to the war of 1812, requiring all the natural-born
subjects of that kingdom, to whatever foreign
countries they had emigrated, to return, and leave
their business and fight the battles of Great Brit-
ain, and to her declaration that the naturalization
laws of other countries were void, and that those
natural-born subjects who refused to return to their
allegiance to Great Britain were guilty of high
misdemeanor, and that ihose who bore arms in
defence of another country were guilty of treason.
He wished the American doctrines distinctly de-
clared. There was now no law of the United
States upon the subject; the Constitution was si-
lent upon it, except so far as it provided for the
passage of naturalization laws. Congress had
never acted on the question. Four times had it
been presented to the Supreme Court, and four
times had they blinked its decision. Neither had
the question which sprung directly from it been
met in the treaty of Ghent—the question of the
right of search and the question of impressment.
It was quite proper, perhaps, under the circum-
stances, that they should not have, been pressed.
Europe was strong then; we were comparalivelj-
weak. Circumstances had changed, and rendered
this a most fitting time to declare our portion on
this subject. It was therefore that he desired to
send this branch of the question to the Cummitteo
on Foreign Relations, or a select committee, who
would carefully examine and critically analyze the
histoiy and the right of this question] to show that
the true American doctiine was the doctrine of
expatriation, at the choice of the citizen. When
we had settled this, and hud said to the other Gov-
ernments of the world, this is our position, it
would be respected, and might keep us out of for-
eign war.
The number of the naturalized citizens of the
United States at this time was very great, and they
were engaged in all the diversified pursuits of life,
both on land and on sea. The same doctrine of
eternal allegiance and the right of««areh and seizure,
that would impress the naturalize! citizen found
