1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
upon the seas, who had made his home in this
country for half a century, and compcl him to fight
against his adopted country, the same doctrine
would reach the land but for the want of opportu-
nity to enforce it; and we had millions of natural-
ized citizens in the service of our military marine,
and variously employed throughout the country,
who, m the agitation of Europe—in the upheaving
and upturning of thrones there—if we should be-
come involved in war with them, would at any
time be met Ijy orders in council requiring them
to forsake their homes and leave their families,
and, notwithstanding they had sworn allegiance to
our Government, to go to the land of their nativity
and take up arms against this country.
This question was at least of some importance
in the present state of the world. As he had said
before, if we declared in advance our position, now
that we had gained strength since the war of 1812—
jfwe declared that the American doctrine was in
accordance with the rights of man, and in opposi-
tion to this old, barbaric, feudal doctrine of natu-
ral and eternal allegiance—we should not only be
respected in that position, but, in the revolutions
in Europe, and in the remodeling of Governments
there, we should find allies springing up who would
unite with us in asserting and maintaining that doc-
trine. It was the principle upon which we had
acted. We had resisted the right of impressment
and the right of search; we were bound to fight,
and would fight, rather than submit to their appli-
cation. If, then, this was understood to be the
doctrine of our Government, why should we hesi-
tate to give it legislative sanction, that we might
announce it to the world, and strengthen the hands
and second the efforts of our negotiators abroad
from the consciousness that they were backcd by
the laws of their own country > At this time we
were making Presidents in this country—Prance
was making Governments. She had pulled down
her ancient capitol, inhabited by the Bourbons for
centuries. Her lofty columns, her stately domes,
Jier kingly palaces, were all dissolved, and her Gov-
ernment was reduced into its original elements.
They" were now to erect a temple of liberty, suit-
able to their own condition, suitable to their wants
and desires.
If at this period, when they were recomposing
their Government, we should declare the Ameri-
can doctrine, as in fact it existed—that allegiance
was not eternal, but that a man had the right to
choose the Government which he would serve, and
to which he would owe allegiance; if we would
repudiate, as we" were bound to do, the doctrine of
search and impressment, France—as she did a few
years since, when the quintuple treaty was about
to be ratified, which was nothing more than an in-
vasion of this doctrine—■France would again be
our ally. Hence this was a peculiarly favorable
time to consider this subject and have action upon
it.
But another branch of this subject. If he un-
derstood the law of nations, the laws of no country
were operative extra-temtorially. The efficacy and
operation of the laws of every country were con-
fined to the territory of that country; if, then, any
foreign country, through its autocrat, king, or po-
tentate, should attempt to give vitality and force to
its laws upon persons or property within any other
country, it was an invasion of the rights of such
country; one that should be met and promptly met.
He had examined the laws on that subject, and
also the "conflicts of law," and he had no hesita-
tion in saying it was a clear, palpable violation of
the laws of nations, for a monarch, through his
diplomatic ministers, emissaries, or agents in other
countries, to attempt to exercise the laws of his
country over the rights of persons or things m a
foreign land.
He desired that the committee should examine
this subject and when they should have made a
full and perfect report, he thought there would be
room for something more to be said. When the
facts were collected and laid before the House, if
he was not misinformed, a case would be present-
ed for the action of this Government which would
at least call for a rebuke in certain quarters. At
that time he might be induced to debate the various
questions. At present he had recapitulated the
provisions of the bill, to show that the bill should
be reconsidered and the reference be made to a
select committee, or to the Committee oil Foreign
Relations. - i
Mr. Cummins having concluded his remarks—
Mr. LEVIN obtained the Boor, and delivered a
written speech, the following copy of which has
been handed to the repoitei:
The bill now before the House is for the relief
of the heirs of Kosciusko, as well as Major Toch-
man, now a citizen of the United Stales, exten-
sively known as an exiled patriot from downtrod-
den and bleeding Poland. It is, sir, a marvellous
concurrence of events that can bring Poland and
Russia—the one free in spirit even to the romance
of freedom, and the other despotic in temper and
system—upon this arena, the American Congress,
for an adjudication of the first principles of liberty.
It is even more marvellous that this concurrence
should happen at a period when all the people of
Europe should be flinging off the galling yoke of
tyranny—a crisis of national revolutions, shooting
up and budding from the seed sown by our illustri-
ous sires of 1776 I Wonderful indeed are the ways of
God to enfranchise the human family ! Infatuation
or love of power in the Old World blinding kings
to rush upon their fate! Infatuation in their min-
isters here, blinding them to the preposterous ex-
ercise of authority, not only insulting to the Amer-
ican people, but insulting to the institutions of our
country; committing outrages on American rights
that no patriot can behold with patience or tolerate
without injury!
Major Tochman is now an American citizen,
naturalized under the laws and Constitution, and
fully entitled to the protection of all his rights and
immunities. True, he is by birth a fellow-country-
man of Thnddeus Kosciusco, and represents the
rights of his heirs for certain properties in this
country. The name of Kosciusco conjures up a
thousand ennobling and pleasing recollections of
ourstiugelcs for fieedom. Even as far back as
1776, Poland camc to the relief and succor of infant
America when struggling for freedom. We
achieved our independence, and weie enabled to
offer Poland's exiled sons a safe asylum. From
that period to this, we have thrown around all
exiled patriots the aegis of American freedom.
From this time hence, Europe will send no patriots or
lovers of freedom to this country. If they be patriots,
if they love fieedom, they wilt remain at home to fight
for it, not come here to control our ballot-box and
overturn our institutions. No, sir; Europe no
longer sends Republicans to our land. But, sir,
a naturalized Pole is an American citizen, and even
here the poisoned shaft of tyranny follows him to
this his adopted home of freedom. The master
whom he spurned at home follows him into his
exile; for when did tyrants ever forget or ever for-
give? When did the Autocrat of Russia ever fail
to hunt down a patriot who had struck at his black
eagles >n the sacred cause of human rights? Sir,
shall this country be an asylum for the exiled ad-
vocates of freedom, or a cage in which the tyrants
of Europe shall confine them as criminals and tor-
ture them as felons?
The petition of Major Tochman is before the
House, and members are no doubt familiar with
its import; for the case is one not only of peculiar
oppression, of peculiar high-handed tyranny in the
minister of the Autocrat of Russia, but of stupen-
dous importance to the principles of our institu-
tions, and the fame and character of our common
country. It is not my intention to indulge in a
legal review of this interesting case. It comes
before this House in a political, not a legal aspect.
We are asked to protect an American citizen in
the exercise of his unquestionable rights, against
the illegal interference of a foreign despot. There
is no other question at issue in this case. Is the
Constitution of the United States supreme in this
country, or the will and pleasure of the Autocrat
of Russia? Sir, men may quibble and equivocate,
juggle and twist, sophisticate and confuse, yet this
'is"the sole question at issue. The Emperor of
Russia, holding Major Tochman in unbounded
hatred for his noble efforts in behalf of his native
land, in her struggle of 1830, has thought proper
to persecute him through his minister, Mr. Bo-
disco, on an occasion presented for the adjustment
of the claims of the heirs of Kosciusco, and all the
force and power of his position is brought to bear
upon his destined victim. So far, sir, he has suc-
ceeded. But it is for this House, as ihe represent-
ative of the American people, and the exponent of
a free Constitution, to arrest this crying wrong at
this stage of aggravated enormity.
Sir, we are now appealed to by the victim of
Russian tyranny to vindicate his rights as an
American citizen. Can we refuse to grant his
petition ? Can v/e refuse to throw the .aegis of
American freedom over him? Sir, we are bound
by all obligations, human and divine, to protect
him. By the laws of nations, the Russian minister
has no J^pwer to interfere while the heirs aie com-
petent and willing to act in the selection %T thefr
owri agents for the settlement of their own claim.
Even if Poland be a conquered province of Russia,
this has no relation to Major Tochman's rights of
American citizenship. Admit that Russian sover-
eignty extends over Poland, does this invest Rus-
sia with power over ail American citizen? The
very idea is preposterous. An American, sir,
scouts the indignity, scorns the insult, and repels
the usurpation. I disdain to enter into any argu-
ment as to the fact of this pragmatical and offensive
interference; it lies before us in the most authentic
form of sworn testimony. By some means, only
surmisable by those familiar with the machina-
tions and intrigues of foreign tyrants, an American
citizen, standing high in the social relations of life
and attached to the most responsible and dignified
profession in the country, is deprived of his con-
stitutional rights—by whom ? The minister of the
Government of Russia—a Government that is a
libel on the age, a burlesque on modern intelli-
gence, an outiage on human rights, a satire on all
pretensions to civilization; but, woist ofoll,adeep
and diabolical wrong on the human family. .
Sir, there are occasions when, not to vindicate
the rights of man under the guarantees of the Con-
stitution, is to become an ally of the tyrannical
oppressor. And ft is, sir, is one of those solemn
occasions when every noble sentiment, every gen-
erous impulse and inspiring thought that clusters
around the a;gis of libelty, impels us to the prompt
relief of the petitioner.
Sir, when all the world seems to be in arms for
freedom, shall we alone become the ally of a tyrant,
in the disfranchisement of an American citizen,
because he boasts of Poland for his birth-place,
because his valor has wielded a sharp sword in
behalf of his native land—because his patriotism
has kindled the ire of a despot?—and in a time
like this, when the people of Europe are toppling
down rotten thrones, and rallying to the stand-
ard that proclaims, on its glowing folds, " tha
rights of man"—when France has imbibed a
lesson of patriotism from the fields of her glory
on this continent, and struck down royalty for
a republic—when even Austria has disarmed des-
potism of her'falchion, and prostrated the very
father of al! systems of tyranny in the exile of
Metternich—when Italy blazes with the fires of
emancipation, and even the Pope is reluctantly
driven, by the fear of the people, to admit an ele-
ment of popular power into the absolute hieiarchy
of ages—when the united voices of all noble hearts
in the Old World are sending up to the vault of
j heaven a hymn and a prayer for the liberation of
Poland, whose born son,a chivalricand enthusias-
tic champion of the independence of his country,
is now a suppliant befoie this free Government for
protection against the tyranny of Russia!
Will the living age, sir, believe this monstrous
paradox of modern despotism operating in a free
land? Will not posterity scout it as a falsehood,
and scorn it as a libel' Must Russia not only
conquer Poland, subjugate, exterminate her as a
nation, imprison her heroes, exile her patriots,
execute her martyrs, and confiscate the property
of the lone and helpless—but must she come here,
into the very bosom of freedom, to drag her Po-
lish exiles to the stake—to proscribe and brand
them? Not one man m this whole nation, who
retains in his heart :i single lone throb of liberty,
but will cry out against it.
Sii,the self respect of the American Govern-
ment is now implicated in this measure. The in-
stitutions of our country are implicated. The
Constitution is compromised; our national fame is
involved in it. It appeals to the self-respect or
our Government to vindicate the rights of every
American citizen, when he invokes by a pub ic
attitude the protection of the nation. If he asks
only for a known right, we cannot withhold it. If
he complain of a notorious wrong, we cannot deny
him redress without assuming the wrong.
Sir, a free constitution must never be allowed to
sink into a dead letter. Eternal vitality is its first
and only attribute. Inert, inactive, passive or in-
efficient, and it is extinct. Let it breathe its holy
aspirations—let it speak Us inspired truths—let it
