820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
act out its consecrated rights, or it is ashes, dust—
the worm hath eaten it, and it is corruption.
But,-sir, not only have the rights of one party
been outraged by this monstrous interference, this
Canton usurpation of power, this audacious tyran-
ny of the minister of Nicholas of Russia, (Major
Tochman isonly one party aggrieved,) butfthrough
Mm, the heirs of Thaddeus Kosciusko—a double
banquet for the oppressors is presented, by which
the tyrant of Russia may " feed fat the ancient
grudge" he feels towards Poland. Shall we, the
Congress and people of the United States, become
accessory to an injustice towards the heirs of the
gallant and illustrious Kosciusko, whose valiant
conduct on the battle-fields of the American Rev-
olution, as well as those of his native land, render
even his descendants conspicuous and bitter ob-
jects of hatred to the Russian Autocrat? Shall we
do injustice to Kosciusko, as well as combine in a
nefarious wrong towards Major Tochman?
Sir, shall the minister of a tyrant execute the
penal laws of a foreign country upon an American
citizen for having exposed his life in defence of
his country? This is exclusively a question of
national justice on the one hand, and of national
fame on the other. To sacrifice either, would be
to degrade the country at the behest of a foreign
potentate, whose creed is, that the people, being
slaves, can enjoy no rights but those conceded as
an act of grace and bounty by their masters. This
may answer in Russia; but, sir, what shall we
Key, what shall we do, when we behold this creed
attempted to be carried out in the United States
by the minister of the Autocra|,.of Russia ?
Take the specification of the letter of A. de Bo-
disco,in page 37 of the petition of Major Tochman,
and you will find a direct interference with the
judiciary power of the United States by that indi-
vidual, in a letter addressed by him to the Judge
of the Orphans'Court—N.P. Causin. Now, sir,
we have nothing to do with the merits of the liti-
gation pending between the heirs of General Kos-
ciusko, but we have everything to do with the
interference of a foreign minister in the action of
•American counsel before an Jhnericari court. How
dare A. de Bodisco question the rights of a mem-
ber of the American bar? Did he forget that he
was in the United States ? Did he forget that Major
Tochman was no longer an enslaved and conquered
Pole, subject to Russian tyranny, but an Ameri-
can citizen, amply protected by the American Con-
stitution? Did he forget thatthe judicial power of
a republic is a part of the organized freedom of the
people, and that to attempt to overawe its decisions
by diplomatic power, was an outrage on American
rights, a positive and highhanded, interference in
the decrees of justice. Behold the Emperor of
Russia entering an American court, and thundering
his insolent dictation in the ears of the judges.
Remember, I quote the words of A. de "Bodisco
himself, who, advancing up to the judge, thus an-
nounces his royal pleasure, on the assumed ground
that the Emperor of Russia is the arbiter of justice
in the United States, and not the judiciary and
laws of the land:
"In the mean time, I would bei; to request that no action,
not necpssaiy to the piesrrvation of tiie property of the
«3tat£, shallbe Kill, nor anything done which is not sane-
tionpil by the counsellors employed by the Imperial Lega-
tion."
Now, sir, what does this letter amou nt to? Why,
that aH the proceedings of an American court shall
be stayed and suspended by the arrogant dictation
of the Emperor of Russia. Is this the tenure of
an American judiciary? The laws of nations have .
nothing to do with our judicial system, which rests '
on the Constitution and the laws. No treaty with
a foreign Power can overturn our judiciary. Then
whence the power of the Emperor of Russia to
browbeat an American court, arrest the cuircnt of
justice, and place an interdict upon the proceedings
of the judge ? Did the heirs of Kosciusko app?y
to the Russian Government for justice, on any de-
nial of our Government to award it? No! We
have no such record. The whole proceedings, in
due legal form, were in full progress under Major
Tochman and his competent colleague, the honor-
able Reverdy Johnson, when his Russian Majes-
ty, like a true Cossack, rushes into court, and
at the point of his spear, hurls Justice from her
throne!
This outrage upon American rights having come
to the knowledge of Congress, we have no alterna-
tive but to give it a signal rebuke, by the reconsid-
eration of the vote of yesterday, and the prompt
passage of the bill.
Stripping the question of all its other and solemn
adjuncts, this intrusion of the Russian envoy alone
demands the passage of the bill. Never let it go
forth to the world as a theme for the scorn and
contempt of all independent minds, thatthe United
States tamely submitted to Russian interference in
her courts of justice, and allowed an American
citizen to be trampled on, because the noble and
free blood of Poland flowed in his chivalric veins.
Audacity like this, if not resented, would be fol-
lowed by still more atrocious interference.
Encouraged by our forbearance, emboldened by
our passive and abject endurance of the wrong,
what shall prevent this minister from entering the
very Halls of Congress, and, by an interdict of
the Emperor Nicholas, move the rejection of Ma-
jor Tochman's petition ? As much right has he to
do the one as the other, and no more. The court
is one department of the Government; this House
is another department. If A. de Bodisco has any
official duty to perform, he must discharge it by
communications with the Secretary of State. This
is well known to the minister of the Emperor of
Russia. Then why did he enter a court of justice,
in contravention of all the rights of nations, of all
the forms of comity, of all the rules of courtesy,
of all the principles of justice, to outrage our inde-
pendence, and insult the majesty of the people?
Why, to wreak the vengeance of the Russian Au-
tocrat on a Polish patriot; to reach Major Toch-
man, whom he knew to be far above his reach, if
he addressed the Secretary of State; for what
American Secretary of State would have listened
for a moment to any proposition affecting the con-
stitutional rights of an American citizen who hap-
pened to love and fight in defence of his native
land ?
So far, if we blush for our country that any
court of the United States has allowed its recoids
to be defiled by such a letter of dictation from the
envoy of any foreign king, it is only because we
have had no opportunity to display the indignant
sense which this House of Congress entertain for
the audacious outrage.
At any moment such an outrage would create a
stimulus to prompt action in its most energetic
form; but, at a crisis like this, when Poland is
again arming to battle for her independence, we,
the American people, feel more than ever the high
responsibility of preserving national rights from
despotic pollution.
Sir, what does this bill propose ? That if a citi-
zen of the United States, native or naturalized,
enters into an agreement with a foreign subject or
citizen having reference to property withm the
United States, and if such agreement be revocable
at the pleasure of the party or parties,, and if the
revocation thereof be obtained at the instance of a
foreign diplomatic representative near this Gov-
ernment, from political motives, that it shall not
take effect within the United States. This is tlie
substance of the bill, which is in perfect accord-
ance with the genius and spirit of our institutions,
and ought to command the unanimous vote of this
House.
Sir, there are not in the United States one hun-
dred and fifty Poles. They have'remained at home,
waiting for the morn of Poland's retribution to
dawn, while hundreds and thousands of Irishmen
and Germans are deserting their country in the
hour of their country's peril. When they, like the
Poles, remain at home to fight for freedom, the
sympathies of my nature shall circle around them,
but not till then.
Sir, it is true we would that "an ocean of fire
were between us and the Old World;" but, as
Native Americans, so far from disfranchising, we
are as ready as either of the two old parties to pro-
tect the rights of the naturalized American citizen;
we would extend to him every civil and religious
privilege; but we would arrest his unholy hand
when he attempts to pollute and control our ballot-
boxes. We desire to extend an existing law, or,
if we could, thake birthright in all future time the
basis of American suffrage.
I stand where I stood years ago, defending the
rights not only of the native-born, but of the natu-
ralized American citizen. Major Tochman is
anxious to return to his native land, to peril his
life once^ more in its defence. He is anxious to
^ return with a reputation as unspotted as that with
i which he came.- He desires to revisit the scenes
of his boyhood, to renew the recollections of by-
gone days—kneeling where he once knelt, at the
shrine of a breathing image, and hearing from the
pale lips of a mother the words of everlasting life.
But, sir, Russia has determined upon bia destruc-
tion !—Russia, who has evoked the execration of
Europe!—Russia, who is the champion of the cru-
sade against human freedom and human rights !—
Russia, whose perfidy to Greece and cruelty to
Poland has gathered around her the wrath of the
universal world !
Sir, I trust the House will reconsider the vote,
and refer this subjection select committee. Whigs
and Democrats who court the foreign vote have
now an opportunity to protect a defenceless; exiled
patriot; they have an opportunity to show that they
are sincere in their professions of friendship to our
naturalized citizens, and ready to protect them
against the unjust interference of foreign despots.
Sir, the test has come at last; and while the Native
Americans scorn the thought of courting foreign!
votes, they wilt point to the action of the House
this day to prove that in their hands the rights of
the naturalized citizen, as well as the rights of their
own children, will be amply protected and fearlessly
defended.
Mr. SIMS asked the indulgence of the House
while he presented the true §tate of the-ease. He
did not propose to discuss the present posture of
affairs in Europe, nor the state of certain judicial
questions in this District between conflicting pow-
ers of attorney for the settlement of the estate of
Kosciusko. The bill, whose reference it is pro-
posed to reconsider and change, arose, as he un-
derstood, out of the distribution of General Kosci-
usko's estate, in the courts of this District.
Mr. CUMMINS wished to correct the gentle-
man from South Carolina as to a matter of fact.
The bill which he proposed to refer had nothing
at all to do with the controversy of Major Toch-
man and the Russian minister, but solely referred
to a question of international law, and was intended
to have nothing to do with this affair.
Mr. SIMS undertook to hazard the opinion that
the reference already ordered was the appropriate
and becoming reference. This bill grew out of the
distribution of Kosciusko's estate; and no matter
how diversified or how simple the questions pro-
posed to be submitted might be, the Judiciary
Committee was the proper committee to examine
them. What were they, as explained by the gen-
tleman from Ohio—the mover of the bill—but
questions as to the revision of our naturalization
laws ?
And here he must differ entirely with his friend
from Ohio in reference to the position of our Gov-
ernment upon the first proposition which was asked
to be considered and decided upon by Congress.
If there was a fundamental proposition declared
in the Constitution, it was the doctrine of expa-
triation. Congress was expressly authorized by
that instrument "to establish an uniform rule of
naturalization"—thus clearly asserting the ri ht of
the foreigner to throw off his allegiance, and be-
come a citizen of this country; and the action of
Congress under that provision of the Constitution
had been to require, in the act of naturalization, a
renunciation of all allegiance to all foreign princes*
powers, and potentates whatever, and especially
to the prince or potentate within whose dominions
the individual seeking citizenship was born. The
exercise of this constitutional power by Congress,
in the act making "an uniform rale of naturaliza-
tion," had been no bare declaration on our part.
Whenever a question had arisen m our histoiy
involving the truth of the doctrine, the principle
had been asserted and firmly maintained by our
Government. Under the guidance of this prin-
ciple, thus declaied as a fundamental law, and
thus carried out practically in the action of Con-
gress, when, in the war of 1812, a British General
threatened to execute as a traitor a prisoner taken
m arms under the American flasr, who was charged
to be a native-born subject of the King of Great
Britain, what was the response of Mr. Madison >
It was no abstract declaration: it was on a point
made in the midst of arms and the personal dan-
gers of the soldier. Substantially, this was his
response: For every American soldier, no matter
if born within the allegiance of the King of Great
Britain, which you shall execute, I wilt cause ten
British prisoners to be executed under the tex tali-
onis. And (here the subject rested; for he had the
power of performing hia threat. As extreme and
