1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
cruel as appeared the policy indicated, the neces-
sity of the occasion demanded it, no less than con-
siderations of clemency. The President, standing
upon the known and recognized doctrines of the
Government—the very fundamental law of the
{and—thus announced, and was prepared to main-
tain, his intention; and the British authorities
quailed before its assertion, and no military execu-
tion took place.
Here, then, was the asserted and recognized
doctrine which this Government was supposed by
the gentleman from Ohio never to have sufficiently
declared. He objected entirely to taking any ac-
tion which would go- to throw doubt upon the
position of the Government on this subject, as
uniformly declared and from the first maintained.
If now we were to commence with abstract paper
declarations on a subject which had been thus
settled, in the midst of arms'and of personal danger
to our soldiers in the field, by the strong; action of
oar Government in the cases made as they arose,
we might well apprehend the inefficiency of such
declarations, or, if productive of any result at all,
might well fear their tendency tevweaken the force
of our former action.
But, it was said, there were other principles
which were collateral, and flowed from this doc-
trine of expatriation—the denial of the right of
search and of impressment—and that we ousht to
make a Congressional declaration of these. These
principles required no new declaration. Why,
every school-boy in the country knew that the war
of 1812 had for one of its principal causes the con-
trariety of opinion existing on these subjects, be-
tween this Government and that of Great Britain.
Our doctrine was that of " free trade and sailors'
rights;" not the right of native-born sailors only,
but of every sailor who stood under the American
flag; it being the flag which determined, not only
the character of the cargo, but of those who sailed
under it. This doctiine of the non-impressment
of American seamen, whether native-born or natu-
ralized, was vindicated in that glorious war; and
though the question was waived in the treaty of
Ghent, which terminated the hostilities in that con-
troversy, yet it was practically settled, and the
■enforcement of their adverse claims by the British
Government had been abandoned from that day to
this. Though on paper that question was waived,
upon the high seas, the dominion, the tyranny of
Great Britain, in this regard,.had been abandoned,
and so it always would be.
We might make declarations, as many as we
pleased, but unless we had armies, and navies, and
physical strength, and natural courage to execute
and enforce them* they were mere brutnm fulmen.
But when, as was the case with the United States,
the power of the country was demonstrated, when
its ability to defend itself was manifested, when
liberty and life were hedged m and defended from
foreign aggression by bristling bayonets, borne by
strong arms, guided by brave and patriotic hearts,
then a practical declaration in a case made would
be respected, and not till then. He respected all
those philanthropic men who, dreaming in their
closets, applauded peace. But, while he respected
their doctrines of peace as humane, and tending to
advance the prosperity and happiness of nations
when practically applicable, he must be permitted
to dissent from their denunciations of all war.
When war was just and nccessary, no country
could safely decline it, no matter how unpleasant
the duty of its prosecution; and those who de-
nounced such a war were really the sappers and
miners—the very destroyers of peace. There could
be no security, no peace, unless sustained and pro-
tected by the power of^the nation, manifested either
in the accumulated form of national character, ac-
quired by past achievements, or in the exhibition
of subsisting ability to defend its rights.
The Greeks, in their mythology, most beauti-
fully symbolized great truths. To the statesman,
nothing can be more beautifully poetic, and at the
same time more practically truthful, than the char-
acter of Minerva, springing, full-grown and in
armor, from the brain of Jupiter. Here is illus-
trated the true origin of a State, and the philosophy
of its continuance in peace and prosperity : it
springs from wisdom in council—from the brain of
Jupiter is full-grown and in armor—it asserts its
equality with other States, and its ability to main-
tain it. Such was the guardian divinity of Athens,
the symbol of a State; and, though born m arms,
she yet delighted in the olive. The okve was best
planted and tended in peace; yet in peace she still
wore her armor. Were he a painter, he would
represent the Genius of Liberty in this country in
a beautiful form, the perfect imbodiment in anima- i
tion and patriotism of that nation-stirring air of |
Yankee Doodle: in time of war, in full panoply j
herself, she should be surrounded with bayonets '
and armed men, marshaled for the conflict: in
time of peace, still in armor herself, as symboliz-
ing the perpetual existence of national courage and
character—those accompaniments of war should
be placed further in the back ground, and so ar-
ranged as to exhibit an ability, with readiness, to
call them into action, rather than the idea of a
constant military preparation—in a word, so ar-
ranged as to illustrate the American idea of a
citizen-soldier; and, at the same time, the advice
of Washington, "in time of peace prepare for
war." This was the protection of the country m
peace or war. No abstract declaration of opinion
would diffuse a knowledge or a respect for our j
rights: it was the power of defence alone which j
could effect such a result. When General Davie, ]
our minister to the court of France at the time of j
Bonaparte's consulship, commenced to talk of the j
law of nations, the First Consul replied, that it |
was all bagatelle; that the law of nations depended !
on the ability of a nation to defend its pretensions; [
and, though Great Britain had never had thebold-
ness to assert the same doctrine, yet on every
question, on land or sea, she had practically as-
sumed the same position. The doctrine of im-
pressment had been abandoned, because we had
the power to drive her from this, position, and
make her yield to our demands.
As to the doctrine of search, the gentleman from
Ohio was mistaken in supposing that it entirely
affiliated itself to the doctrinc of expatriation—a
voluntary abandonment of the rights of citizenship
in one's native country. The last time this doc-
trine was brought up in discussion.by the nego-
tiators between this country and Great Britain, it
was asserted on a very different principle—on the
principle of suppressing piracy. It was maintained
by the British negotiator, thatas Congress, equally
with the British Government, had abolished the
slave trade, and declared that American seamen
engaged therein were pirates, the British armed
vessels, according to the law of nations, had a right
to make search of any ships found floating_on the
seas, in order to ascertain whether they contained
the contraband articles, and whetherthecrewswere
in fact pirates. This was asserted by Lord Asli-
burton. The question, too, was waived in the ne-
gotiation. It did not become him to speak of the
wisdom or the impropriety of the principles on
which the question was settled; suffice it, that our
Government, denying this right of search, never-
theless, in execution of the act of Congress abol- :
ishing the slave trade, stipulated to keep up a
sufficient fleet in the African seas to supervise and
control our merchantmen in those, seas. That was
the way the question was evaded; and the discus-
sion of it proceeded on entirely different principles
from that on which the gentleman seemed to con-
sider it founded, and into which he wished to
inquire. .
But while the gentleman from Ohio thus sought
to give jurisdiction to a special committee, or to
the Committee on. Foreign Affairs, for the pur-
poses avowed by him, should they shut their eyes
to the speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Levk]? Was it not a recital of the case of
Major Tochman, a naturalized citizen of the Uni-
ted'States? And was not a declaration of opinion
in this bill sought to be drawn from Congress, to
affect the judicial proceedings now pending before
the courts'of this District' The gentleman from
Pennsylvania had told them that a change of venue
was desired. The gentleman ought to know that
no change of venue could be made; that it had
been decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, upon solemn and able argument, that the
citizens of this District were not citizens of the
States of this Union in that sense which the Con-
stitution contemplated in giving jurisdiction to the
courts of the United States of cases arising between
the citizens of different States; and that the citizens
of this District could not sue or be sued in the
adjoining circuit of Maryland or Virginia, or in
any other of the couits of the United States.
Connected, then, with the practical question, it
was strictly a judicial question, and proper to be
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Taking it, however, in the other view as a mere
declaration of abstract opinion, the Judiciary Com-
mittee was the proper one. Was he to be told
now, for the first time, that the laws of nations
were no part of the laws of this land ? The con-
ventional laws of nations—treaties—next to the
Constitution, were the supreme law of the land.
They stood on an equal footing with the acts of
Congress. The very first position assumed by
our old Gongress, after 'the declaration of inde-
pendence, was the declaration that the law of na-
tions, as known to the civilized Powers of Europe,
was the law of the land in reference to our inter-
course with foreign Governments; incorporating,
therefore, by our declaration, the laws of nations
as a part of the general laws of the land so far as
our citizens were concerned. If there ever was a
question which belonged peculiarly, in its intrica-
cies and connection with the practice and decis-
ions of our courts, as well as the practice and
legislation of our Government upon this highly im-
portant subject, to the Judiciary Committee, con-
structed as it was in reference to the knowledge of
its members on such questions, this was the ques-
tion.
He protested, therefore, against raising a special
committee at this time to consider questions that
were fundamentally settled, that "had been acted
on both by Congress and the Executive, He pro-
tested against sending a question which so appro-
priately belonged to the Judiciary Committee to
any other committee; and he equally protested
against it in contemplation of the object indicated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that object
being to affect a question pending in the courts for
adjudication.
'Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered, viz: Will the House reconsider the said
vote? It was decided by tellers, and there Were
' ayes 56, noes 57.
1 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised a question of
order. He contended that one hundred and four-
teen members did not constitute a quorum of the
whole House. Two members had been elected to
represent the State of Wisconsin, one of whom
had appeared and been this morning sworn in arid
taken his seat, and the other was on his way.
Counting these two members, the House would
consist of 230 members; it would of course take
116 to make a quorum.
The CHAIR replied that he had been informed
by the Clerk that 114 were a quorum.
The Clerk, being permitted to explain, said
that, including the two members from Wisconsin,
there would be 230 members; but there were three
vacancies to be deducted. This being done, 114
would constitute a quorum.
Mr. JONES denied that the vacant districts
were to be deducted.
The CHAIR was understood to state it as his
own opinion, that if this were an original question,
the Chair miffht insist that gentlemen from a new
State were not entitled to their seats unless their
election had taken place not only after the actual
admission of the new State into the Union, but also
after that admission had been officially notified to
the authorities of the State and the notification
received. But, in tfie existing case, one member
from Wisconsin having been already admitted, he
should rule that 114 did not constitute a quorum,
and of course that the question was not yet settled,
no quorum having voted.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, suggested that there be
a new count.
The CHAIR said this could only be had by
general consent.
Mr. DUER contended that the vacant districts
ought not to be included in determining the num-
' ber of which the House consisted, and that none
ousiit to be taken into the account but those ac-
tually elected and returned.
The CHAIIl ruled otherwise.
A new count was then permitted, and resulted
as follows: Ayes 78, noes 66.
So the question was decided in the' a®r!"a^
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, "bJected l0jtllefa f - ^
which had taken place as foreign to the business
before the House; but, lest by the most distant
analogy it might possibly, be held as relevant, lie
would offer a few words in reply.
He insisted that there was not a nation on this
earth in which the rights of individuals, whether
