824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. GOGGIN said there had been similar mer
mortals referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, but he had not proposed they
should be acted on, as he considered them not
witfein the jurisdiction of the Committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said it seemed to
him that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, in neither of the aspects in which the
Pietition could be viewed, had jurisdiction over
if, nor was there any appropriate committee to
which it should b_e referred. If its object was
to redress the grievances of any portion of the
people who had been unjustly taxed by the rail-
road company, acting under a charter granted by
a sovereign State, this House had nothing to do
with it. If individuals thought they had been un-
justly taxed, the pourts of the country must be the
medium of redress, and not Congress. Suppose
they should pass a law declaring that the company
had no power to make this distinction, and to tax
"the citizens of other States higher than the citizens
of New Jersey: the act would only be declaratory,
and would be of no force and effect except through
the courts of the country.
He believed it had been settled by this House
that they had 110 right to pass laws to control these
railroads in the transportation of the mail any
further than to prescribe the rates which should be
paid to them. That had already been done; and,
jf he mistook not, in the recent lettings, the Post-
master General had concluded a contract for the
transportation of the mail over this road.
Mi'. GOGGIN, (in his seat.) Satisfactorily.
Mr. JONES. Satisfactorily, for the first time
in seven or eight years. For the first time in sev-
eral years had any of these corporations now come
to a satisfactory agreement; of entered into a writ-
ten contract with the department for the transport-
ation of the fna.il. In consequence of the action of
this Hoyse at the present session in relation to the
Richmond and Potomac Railroad Company, and
the determination on the part of the House not to
sustain the railroads against the department in their
exorbitant exactions, this road had been brought
to an arrangement. The only right which Con-
gress had over them was, to prescribe the amount
which should be paid to them, and adhere to it;
and if the companies did not come to it, to provide
for the transportation of the mail some other way.
He-hoped the memorial would not be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
that Committee had noihing to do with the subject.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that the memorial
had not been read, and its contents had not been
very fully stated by the gentleman who presented
it. He was not sure that he exactly understood
its character, but presumed it to be similar to sev-
eral memorials which he had himself presented;
and if so, he entirely"concurred in the proposed
reference. . *
[Several'voices: Let it be read.]
The memorial was accordingly read from the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. INGERSOLL, having retained the floor,
proceeded to remark, that in substance, and prob-
ably ill letter, it was the same that he had several
times presented within the last few weeks, each
time with numerous and increasing signatures. In
thus placing before Congress an urgent appeal for
relief, he had communicated the earnest wishes of
an estimable portion of intelligent citizens. Ap-
plications had come up ifrom various quarters.
The route or line of road lay immediately between
the two densest and largest masses of population in
the country; intelligence of almost every sort was
constantly passing between them. The route was
also a material and a central link in the great chain
which connected together the different "and most
distant parts of the Union. All had an interest
and many had a deep concern in its condition
The memorial exhibited evils not merely of a pri-
vate but public nature, and asked that they might
be redressed. It called for interposition from the
National Legislature on an occasion and for pur-
poses purely national. The mail, which was as
much entitled to protection and assistance from the
Government as any others of its great concerns,
was alleged to be inadequately provided for in its
passage across the State of New Jersey.
Mr. GOGGIN interposed, and inquired of Mr.
Ingbrsoll whether he had heard the statement of.
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that
the Postmaster General had lately made a satisfac-
tory arrangement with the railroad company ?
Mr. INGERS0LL said that he perfectly under-
stood what had been stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee, now endorsed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Goggin.] It did notin any degree
affect the merits of the case. If, in view of com-
plaints and remonstrances, addressed in animated
notes through the press to the public, and more
recently communicated in form to Congress, the
company had been led to make, as was now de-
clared for the first time, a somewhat satisfactory
arrangement—satisfactory compared with any-
thing that had been effected heretofore—it proved
the justice and efficacy of the complaints, and the
existence and curable nature of the evil. It did
not disprove, however, a word that was s'aid in
the memorial, or diminish the necessity of fuither
interposition. Very probably the Post Office De-
partment had made an arrangement so far satis-
factory as existing abuses would authorize. If
the allegations before us were well-founded, there
were inherent impediments interposed by contracts
between the State and the corporation, which noth-
ing but national legislation would remove.
We are told that New Jersey had vested the
corporation^vith certain exclusive privileges which,
by her own innate power, she might not be able to
abrogate if she would, and perhaps would not if
she could. However adverse it might be to settled
principles, for one Legislature to tie up its hands
and deny to_ successive Legislatures the power
to repeal existing laws, yet there might be what
were called vested rights, which, however savor-
ing of monopoly and consequent wrong to the com-
monwealth at large, had created embarrassment
and prevented free agency in local legislation.
The Stftte was believed to possess an equivalent,
while the company possessed its monopoly. If
so, and all State action was paralyzed to the
extent at least of inconvenience, and possibly of
inability to move at all, another sovereign remedy
was invoked, and it might be applied in direct
obedience to the Constitution, and agreeably even
to the laws of poetry, which permitted the highest
interposition when the dignus vindice nodus was
presented. If the State could not or would not
act because of some subsisting arrangement with
the company, and the company would not act be-
cause of its arrangement with the State, there was
happily a clause in the Constitution which would
at once afford relief. To this clause the memorial
referred when it asked for " the survey of a route
for a post road between the cities of New York
and Philadelphia.
Mr. GOGGIN,interposing, asked Mr. I. wheth-
er he had ever known it done by Congress in any
of the States?
Mr. INGERSOLL replied that the memorial
expressly informed us that Congress has "caused
such roads to be made through Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and other States." It would be of little con-
sequence if it had not. Monopolies under legisla-
tive sanction were of too rare occurrence in this
country to present an exact analogy. They had
been overturned abroad with signal vengeance after
having existed for centuries. The question was
not now about the monopoly, or the propriety of
its overthrow. Not at all. That was not the
point before us. The question was simply one of
reference to a committee of a series of applications
from respectable sources for the survey of a post
route. What was the objection ? Congress alone
had power to establish post offices and post roads.
Whatever construction might be given to the word
establish—-whether to found originally, or to give
firmness and strength to something already im-
perfectly begun—there could be no doubt of the
authority in the present ease. Was it expedient
that it should b$ exercised? Transportation over
the particular route of every kind was supposed
not to be effected under present contracts in the
shortest time and in the best manner. Between
the company and the State this condition of things
would not, it seemed, be changed; the defect was
inherent and enduring. So far as the mail was con-
cerned there might be an alteration for the better.
It was no proper objection to the change that in
bringing about one sort of public good it brought
about another at the same time; that while the mail
and all its incidents might be facilitated in passing
over the route, and greatly accelerated in progress,
a variety of like advantages would be conferred
upon the whole community. So much the better.
Supposing, then, the object to belawlul, expe-
dient, and beneficial, nothing remained but to in-
quire, under what official auspices of this House
the proper inquiry for giving it effect should be
made? To which of two standing committees
should the memorial be referred? There was, in-
deed, a Committee of Roads and Canals. It had
not much occupation under the present proscrip-
tion of internal improvements. Under any cir-
cumstances it had nothing to do with establishing
post roads. It would be out of the sphere of its
duty to inquire into any such subject. As prelim-
inary to its action, at least, the post road must be
authorized. The first step towards authorizing it
could betaken only by the committee to which the
subject of post roads was confided; that was the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. If
the reference was to be majle at all, it could with
no propriety be diverted from that committee; and
he trusted that it would accordingly take that direc-
tion and no other.
Mr. VENABLE said, if he understood the his-
tory of this complaint, the Legislature of New
Jersey had granted a certain advantageous charter
to this railroad company; the people of New York
and Philadelphia complained of it,and very gravely
asked this House to interfere and to override the
charter granted by a sovereign State and prostrate
it. The people of New York and Philadelphia
wished Congress to go down into a State and hold
this company in terrorsm, and regulate its tariff of
tolls. He had never heard a more bold assump-
tion of power on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment advocated. If anything unconstitutional had
been done, if New Jersey had assumed power
which she surrendered when she became a mem-
ber of the Confederacy, the courts were open, and
would protect the citizen, and put the Legislature
right if they had done wrong. But Congress had
no right to walk to the house of the citizen and
say to him, every question which arises between
you and your Legislature we will regulate. He ■
thought the House had no jurisdiction of the mat-
ter, and he moved it be laid 011 the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted—Yeas 60, nays 67.
So the House refused to lay the memorial on
the table, and it was then referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Post Roads.
Mr. WHITE asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to pay from
the proper fund to Mrs. Hoiley, the widow of John M. Hol-
ley, deceased, late a memoer of this House, the amount
due to him for mileage and per diem compensation at ihe
time of his death; al.-.o, three hurtdied dollars to pay the
actual expenses of removing ills remains from the place of
his death, m the State of Florida, to his former residence in
the State of New York.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, objected, and the
resolution was not received.
Mr. GOGGIN asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War cause to be commu-
nicated to this House a copy of any order or orders ivhich
may have been issued from the War Department, directing
the paymasters or other officers to retain a certain portion
of tile wages or pay of the Virginia voluntee s lit service m
Mexico, for expenses incurred by said State in the enrol-
ment of said volunteers; with the reasons for such or any
similar order, with the number also of said volunteers who
have been discharged from the service before such order or
orders were issued.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, objected, and the
resolution was not received.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar: Ayes 64, noes 24.
Not a quorum.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorial and petition were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of Jonathan
Chinch and others, praying Confess to authorize the sale
of certain lands in Monroe county, Illinois, known as the
Renault prant. Also, the memorial of Caption William P-
Lamoille praying compensation lor mail service performed
by hhn in carrying the mail from Alton, in Illinois, to tft.
Louis, Missouri.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 12, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. Daniel Wallace, a Representative from
the State of South Carolina, elected to supply the
