1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
vacancy occasioned by the death of the Hon. James
Black, appeared this day, was sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States, and took a
seat in the House.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked leave to offer a
resolution making thevarious bills for theimprove-
ment of certain harbors and rivers, for the removal
of obstructions in certain rivers, &c., the special
order of the day after the appropriation bills shall
have been finally disposed of.
The reception of the resolution being objected
to—
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved a call of
the House, on which the yeas and nays were
ordered and taken, and resulted as follows: Yeas
45, nays 103. So the House refused to have a
call.
After inquiries (not distinctly heard by the re-
porter) by Messrs. BOYD and HOUSTON of
Alabama, the question was put on suspending the
rules, and was decided as follows: Yeas 99, nays
62. Two-thirds not voting m the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce a joint resolution to termi-
nate the present session of Congress, by an ad-
journment, on the 10th day of July next.
The motion to suspend the rules was decided as
follows: Yeas 119, nays 40. Two-thirds voting
in the affirmative, the rules were suspended, and
the resolution was received.
Mr. ASHMUN modified the resolution by
altering the day fixed for the adjournment of
Congress from the 10th to the 17th day of July
next.
Mr. A. moved the previous question, which was
seconded; and, under the operation thereof, the
resolution was passed and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
At a subsequent time in the day, Mr. A. moved
to reconsider the vote by which this resolution was
passed, and then moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table;, which latter motion was agreed
to.
REMOVAL OF THE BIG LAMP.
Mr. STEPHENS, by general consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Commissioner
of Public Buildings be dnected to cause to be removed
without delay the lamp and &talffromthe dome of (he Capi-
tol.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved to amend
the resolution by striking out all after the word
"Resolved," and inserting:
Jii/ the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America m Congress assembled, That tvvehe thou-
sand dollar.-lie, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Tiea-ury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended under the direction ol the Secretary ot the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives, in removing
tile mast and lantern above the dome ot the Capitol, and in
the erection and construction of lamps, lamp-posts, gas pipes,
and othei necessary fixtures though and around the gi otmds
of the Capitol for lighting the same with solar gas.
The SPEAKER ruled the, amendment out of
order.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
CLOSING DEBATE.
Mr. VINTON moved the usual resolution to
close all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill making- appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1849, in two hours after the bill shall
a?ain be considered in Committee of the Whole.
Agreed to.
OHIO RIVER.
Mr. FRENCH moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to submit a motion to make the bill to
repair the dam at the head of Cumberland Island,
in the Ohio river, the special order of the day after
the existing special order (the appropriation bills)
shall have been finally disposed of.
The vote on suspending the rules was decided
by yeas and nays: Yeas 92, nays 60. Two-thirds
not voting in the affirmative, the rules were not
suspended.
TROOPS IN MEXICO.
Mr. COCKE, by general consent, moved the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire mto the propuety of printing 10,000 extra copies
of Executive document No. 63, being the leport of tlie Ad-
jutant General in relation to the number of United States
troops tiiat have been engaged in the war with Mexico, the
number who have been killed; died of wounds received,
&c.; and that they report to this ffouse at the earliest prac-
ticable period.
Mr. BURT said, that in a conversation had two
or three days since with the Adjutant General, he
was informed by that officer that the printed re-
port, of which 10,000 copies extra was contem-
plated by this resolution to be printed, contained
a great number of typographical errors, and that
the Adjutant General was now engaged in drawing
j up a report to Congress pointing out and correct-
ing the errors. Mr. B., for the present, moved to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. COCKE said, from the information fur-
nished by the gentlemafi from South Carolina, he
would, for the time being, withdraw the resolu-
tion.
So the resolution was withdrawn.
JUDICIARY BILLS.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved a resolution
making all the bills reported by the Judiciary
Committee and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the special order
of the day after the existing special order shall
have been disposed of.
After some conversation by Messrs. J. R. IN-
GERSOLL, MEADE, THOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, and SCHENCK, the question was put;
and two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
resolution was not agreed to.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. SCHENCK, previous notice having been
given, introduced a bill to giant preemption rights
for certain islands in the great Miami river. Read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WHITE moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to pay from the
proper fund to Mrs. Holley, widow of John M. Hoiley, de-
ceased, late a member of tins House, the amount due tohirn
lor mileage and per diem compensation at the lime of his
death; aHo, tin ee hundred dollars to pay the actual expenses
of lemoving hid remains from the place of his cleath, in the
State ot Florida, to his jtormerrc&idence in the State of New
York.
After some conversation by Messrs. WHITE,
HUNT,FICKL1N, ATKINSON,and STUART
of Michigan, the question was put on suspending
the rules; and two-thirds not voting in favor there-
of, they were not suspended.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR NAVAL SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the bill making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,1849,
(Mr. Thompson, of Indiana, in the chair.)
The question before the committee when' they
were last in session on this bill was on inserting,
after the item "for contingent expenses for ob-
jects not hereinbefore enumerated, #2,000," the
following:
For the ttan«pnrlation of the United States mail between
New York ami Li vet pool, between New Yoifc a<id New Or-
leans, and Havana and Ch.igies, and between Panama and
A^oru, under act ol March y, j817, $874,600. [And the
Secretary ol the Navy is hereby dnertcd to udvancc to the
contractors (or said seiviee,or to their assignees, lor the pui-
po.-e ol enabling them to finish their steamships, contracted
founder their respective contiacts, the sum ol twenty-five
| thousand dollars per month on each of s-aid ships, after sucii
' ships s-hall have been launched; but the money so advanced
| under any one o( said contract^ shall not exceed the amount
! of one year's compensation stipulated for in Mich contract,
i to be secured m al) ea^es by a hen on said ships, in such
i manner as the Secretaiy of tne Navy may require; and the
' money so advanced shall be faithfully expended m hm-luni?
I paid ships to the sati-f icuon of the Secretary of the Navy;]
I and compensation on tne coutiaet from Panama to Astoria
s shall commence from the tune the bhips are ready for ser-
I vice and placcd at the disposal ot the United States.
j Mr. PETTIT, being entitled to the floor, ad-
I dressed the committee through his allotted hour,
chiefly in reply to the speech made some days
since by Mr. Riiett in regard to the constitutional
poweis of Congress to legislate for and exercise
powers over any territory now possessed or that
may hereafter be acquired by the United States.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE followed Mr.
PETTIT in a written speach, which he read from
the Clerk's desk, and which occupied the remain-
der of the time allowed for debate. [This speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. VINTON explained the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the advance of $25,000
a month.
Mr. VINTON hoped the amendment would not
prevail. The subject came recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy; it had originally been re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. That
committee had thoroughly examined and approved
of it, and had reported accordingly, but wished it
might be sent for confirmation to the Committee of
Ways and Means. The Committee of Ways and
Means had looked into the whole subjcct, and they
concurred with the Naval Committee on the pro-
priety and expediency of the measure. The ves-
sels were in the course of construction, but on a
much larger scale than was provided in.the Gov-
ernment contract. But, though they were much
larger than the Government contract required, the
cost to the Government was no greater on that ac-
count. The Secretary of the Navy, in his letter
to the committee,^expressed it as his opinion, that
in consequence of the increased expenditure on
this account by the contractors, and of the import-
ance of having the building of the ships proceed
without delay, and also on account of the pressure
m the money market, it would be to the advantage
of Government that this monthly advance of money
should be made, but not in any case to exceed one
year's compensation. The committee had allowed
the money to be advanced on condition that due
security should be taken, and that the Secretary
should undertake to look to the proper application
and expenditure of the money.
The question being taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Jones, it was rejected without a
count, only ten gentlemen rising in its favor.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out that portion which is above printed
in brackets.
Mr. McK. said the contractors engaged to run
a mail steamer from Panama to Astoria every two
months, but the understanding of the contract was
that the pay should commence at the time that the
steamers were actually on the Pacific and ready to
commence running. True, the Secretary of the
Navy had stated, in a letter to the committee, that
on examining the terms of the contract, he was of
opinion that it might commence previous to that
time. If such was the language of the contract,
it differed from what had been the understanding
and intention of the Government when it was
entered into; and the bill should be recommitted,
so that it might be modified. Besides, the esti-
mates had originally been sent in at a time when
the nation was at war, and when the prospect was
that the war would continue; but now peace was
returning to the country, and if our hopes should
be confirmed of this result, there could be no neces-
sity for this large amount of appropriation. Mr.
McK. went on to explain that there had remained
at the end of the fiscal year between three and
four millions unexpended; the amount in the bill
was some nine and a half millions; and this, to-
gether with some other balances he mentioned,
would swell the amount in all to about fourteen
millions, and this in a time of peace. Was the
committee prepared to make such an appropriation
as that for the naval service alone ? If the money
was appropriated it would certainly be expended;
it would not remain in the treasury.
Mr. McK. had a reasonable degree of confidence
in the officers of the department, but he was not
willing to intrust them with an unlimited dis-
cretion. He hoped this item would be stricken
out, or else let the bill be returned to the commit-
tee and modified.
Mr. VINTON now modified the amendment so
as to provide that the payments should not com-
mence before the 1st day of October next.
Mr. V. here read extracts from the words of the
contract made with Mr. Harris for the building of
these mail steamers. _
j On the request of Mr. McKay, the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy was also read.
Mr. V. went on to say that it was true the Sec-
retary, when he wrote to the Naval Committee,
had been of opinion that these payments were not
