826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
to commence tili tlte vessels were actually in the
Pacific; but at a later date, when he wrote to the
Committee of Ways and Means, (in consequence,
probably, of having in the meanwhile examined
the contract more closely,) he admitted that he
was of a different opinion. And in fact it must be
plain to any one that the money was to be paid
prior to that time.
The question being now put on the amendment
proposed by Mr. McKay, it was rejected, and
Mr. Vinton's amendment was agreed to.
- Mr. VINTON offered a second amendment, as
follows:
To pay arrearages due for grading University square,
apd other expenses for ihe construction of the depdt for
charts and instruments, being a reappropriation in part of a
smn carried to the surplus fund, heretofore appropriated for
tfeat purpose, §10,043 17.
A letter was read from the Fourth Auditor, ex-
plaining and recommending the appropriation;
•whereupon it was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved the following, to come in
after the last amendment, viz: " For furnishing
the marine hospital at New Orleans, $7,500."
Mr. Y. stated that the marine hospital at New
Orleans had been completed, but was not furnished,
and could not, therefore, admit any patients. This
provided beds, &c., for one hundred patients.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, VINTON offered a fourth amendment, to
come in at the end of the third, as follows:
For meteorological observations, to be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, two thousand
dollars.
Mr. V. stated that this appropriation had been
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy, and
his letter to the committee had been accompanied
by others from Professor Henry, Mr. Bache, and
other scientific gentlemen, giving it,as their opin-
ion that these observations were of great value
and importance, as opening a field of investigation
that was likely to result in great advantage to sci-
ence, and in giving greater security to navigation.
The combining of these with the rapid communi-
cations by the telegraph would probably lead to
the development of a system which would enable
navigators to discern the approach of storms, and
to avoid their course. A warning of this kind
might save many valuable lives, as well in the
commercial as the naval marine of our country.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out " meteorological
observations," and inserting, " Professor Espy,
for regulating storms and the weather generally,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
#3,000."
This (Mr. J. said) was nothing more than a
renewal of the old question of paying Mr. Espy
for regulating storms, making rain, and taking a
general charge of the weather; and really, from
the course already pursued in regard to this gen-
tleman, he seemed as though -he might be a very
suitable person for such business. Mr. J. was
unwilling, however, to throw away this amount
of the public money on mere visionary projects
for the regulation of storms and the creation of
rain, while we had invalid soldiers to take care of,
and the widows and families of brave men to pro-
vide for who had sacrificed their lives in the pub-
lic service. The sum to be given to this regulator
of storms was more than was likely to be voted
for twenty poor widows.
Mr. VINTON .here called for the readingof the
letter of Professor Bache, and it was read accord-
ingly.
Mr. STANTON moved to strike out #2,000,
and insert $*2,500.
Mr. S. observed, that some years ago he had had
the honor to make a few remarks in support of a
similar appropriation, and had at that time been
asked what was the advantage to be derived from
meteorology? In reply to that query, he had stated
just what Mr. Bache, the able Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, now stated in his letter, which
had just been read, and the statement produced a
general laugh all over the House. He now con-
gratulated the House on the progress which had
been- made in a due respect for science. That
which had been laughed at two years ago now
seemed to meet with general favor.
By the rules for the regulation of both the army
and the navy, our officers at every naval and mili-
tary station were required to make and register
meteorological observations daily, which records
reported to the department here. Now, there
must be some individual to compare and classify
the results thus obtained, and note the inferences
to which they led, or their chief value would be
lost. The sum was small, while the benefit result-
ing from it was great.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to amend the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] by strikingou t $2,000 and inserting $100,
his purpose being, as he state4> to have an oppor-
tunity of expressing his views under the rule allow-
ing five minutes to the mover of any amendment.
Mr. A. said the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. j
Stanton] had congratulated the House upon the {
fact that science was progressing under legislative {
sanction. He (Mr. A.) could not congratulate j
the country on the advancement of Democratic !
principles in this House. Progressive Democ- i
racy, as often exemplified in this flail, did not j
comport with old Democracy. When Mr. John |
Q,uincy Adams was President of the United States, ;
in his first annual message to Congress, he rec-
ommended the erection and establishment of a
national observatory, which had been designated
a light-house in the skies. That recommendation,
Mr. Chairman, together with the avowal of the
principle that the representative ought not to be
palsied by the will of his constituents, were the
chief causes why Mr. Adams was not reelected
President of the United States. Then the Demo-
crats ridiculed the recommendation, and the words
"light-houses in the skies" were used as terms of
reproach. The Democratic party then repudiated
the idea that the Constitution gave to Congress
the power to create or establish a national observ-
atory. What was then considered Federalism was
now advocated by some of the progressive Democ-
racy. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan-
ton] had adopted one of the Federal notions of
Mr. John Q,uincy Adams, as set forth in his mes-
sage; perhaps he had adopted the other, that "the
representative is not to be palsied by the will of
his constituents." He trusted, however, it was not
so.
Mr. A. said, this claim of Professor Espy to
regulate the storms under the sanction of Congress j
was an old thing; it had been before Congress ,
yearafteryear for many years, and found no favor, !
especially with the Democracy. But he was in- '
clined to adopt the idea advanced by one of the j
purest statesmen who ever graced a legislative j
body, (he meant the distinguished, the virtuous, j
the honest and intelligent Macon, who, while j
living, was the pride of North Carolina, as he de- J
served to be of the whole Union.) Mr. Macon
said, that a claim before Congress was like spirits
of wine: the older it got, the better it was received.
This project was considered monstrous at first, but
nolo much of the opposition was hushed; and' it
was now looked on, even by many Democrats, '
with very great favor. The powers of Congress
were limited by the Constitution, and that limit
should be observed.
Again: we must recollect that all the large sums
appropriated for the Observatory and to employ
some scientific person to regulate the storms, all,
sir, were charged to the navy expenses; and thus
you bring into disrepute among the people the best
arm of the national dcfence. Mr. A. believed the ,
officers of the navy were as meritorious as any \
men living; that they were always ready and will- I
ing to pour out their blood in their country's service,
and deserved the praise of their countrymen; they
were a gallant set of men, and had none on earth
to excel them; they should not bear the blame of
such extravagant appropriations as were made by
this bill. The appropriation proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio ought not to come into this bill.
Mr. A. could not consent that the navy proper
should be saddled with every scheme and humbug.
A large shareof the appropriations annually made I
by the navy appropriation bill was designed to
try projects and schemes not calculated, in his
opinion, to advance the interests of the navy, and
surely not necessary and proper, in the language
of the Constitution, "to provide and support a
navy."
Mr. A. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS (upon an amendment moved
and subsequently withdrawn) did not concur at all
in the views expressed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Atkinson,] and he was certain a large
majority of the gentleman's own party on this floor
would not endorse his sentiments. He did not
belong to the t£ progressive Democracy," but he
did profess to belong to the party of progress—
progress in the arts and sciences, and everything
that elevated and ennobled man. That was the
party of progress to which he belonged; and, while
he believed a large majority of the gentleman's
party professed to belong to the party of progress,
he claimed that those with whom he acted were
the party of progress, and he was willing to go
before the country on that ground. The gentle-
man had quoted the message of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts who had recently-
departed from among us. What he said of this
message was true, and it would be quoted hereaf-
ter as one of the highest eulogiums in proof that
he lived in advance of his age; and this very rec-
ommendation of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts had been endorsed by the gentleman's own
party; and not only an observatory, but a depot
of charts had already been established. The ob-
ject of this appropriation was not to regulate the
storms; the gentleman seemed to denounce it as
such. We knew that the physical world was gov-
erned by laws, and, for his own part, he believed
great good would result to this country and to
mankind from the observations of these laws, and
in no other way could the same amount of money
be appropriated so as to be more useful in sub-
serving the great objects of humanity. He con-
curred in the views of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton.] A few years ago the
proposition was ridiculed; he had then stood by
the gentleman; he had believed, and still believed,
the appropriation wise and good. When the first
appropriation was asked by Professor Morseforthe
magnetic telegraph, who did not know how it was
hooted and scoffed at (he did not say it offensive-
ly) by the "progressive Democracy?" but, by
continued application to Congress, he had suc-
ceeded in obtaining an appropriation, and the elec-
tric wires were extended to Baltimore; they now
reached thousands and thousands of miles, and he
trusted to live to see the day when they would
extend throughout the length and breadth of this
country; when our whole body politic would be
knit together, and the wires communicating intel-
ligence from one extremity to the other, would
make us more and more one people.
This electric telegraph would form a kind of
sensorium by which the intelligence of the system
would be conveyed from one part to another. He
asked the gentleman from Virginia if he was op-
posed to that; if he would stand up and say that
appropriation was unconstitutional? Would he
erase it from the statute book? He knew he would
not. He (Mr. S.) would not detain the commit-
tee longer. He trusted the House would make the
appiopriauon, and that these observations would
be collected. The remarks of Professor Bache
might turn out to be true, and perhaps in less than
two years developments might be made in refer-
ence to the laws of storms which gentlemen now
ridiculed, which would bring additional honor to
our country, and that those men who had the lead
of them might become as distinguished as Frank-
lin and Morse, and that Professor Espy, by his
scientific discoveries, and the benefits which would
result from them, would acquire a fame equal to
that which crowned the heads of other distin-
guished Americans.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, renewed the
amendment, and remarked that this appropriation
perhaps owed its existence to his repeated appli-
cations to the Secretary of the Navy, and he did
not ask the gentleman from Virginia to endorse his
Democracy either. Twenty years ago had he
first listened to ProfessorEspy's lectures on storms
—the first a private lecture in Philadelphia; and
from that time he had been a constant attendant
upon his lectures on the subject. He had not only
watched the progress of his lecturing, but the pro-
gress of experience under them, and their results
upon the mind of the country and the world.
Professor Espy had visited Europe, and was
treated with the greatest respect by the savans
there. True, in his theory a great deal appeared
visionary, but in its application in detecting the
history and character of storms great practical good
had been attained. Fie was satisfied of the knowl-
edge already derived from Professor Espy's the-
ory, and if its application had been known to the
world years ago, many valuable lives would have
been saved. He had seen vessels leave our ports,
and in less than twenty-four hours heavy storms
had arisen 5 in one case three or four vessels in
