828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked for the
reading of the resolution.
Mr, HALE said he should vote against the ;
amendment, and afterwards against the resolution.
This business of book-making he regarded as a
perfect nuisance. He was opposed to it through-
out. It had been said, that in making many books
there was no end. It could not be pretended that
ail these books were intended for the use, of the
Senate. They were for gratuities to the constitu-
ents of Senators. He was against the whole of it.
Mr. BADGER referred to the large numbers
which had been ordered to be printed of documents
far less interesting to the people than this report.
He adverted to the California claims, the trial of
Colonel Fremont, and other matters which had
been liberally distributed. He could not presume
to give a precise idea of the value of this document,
as he wets neither a farmer nor a planter. But he
thought the agricultural information embraced in
this document, important to the whole country.
His resolution named 20,000. The amendment of
the Senator from Florida increased the number to
50,000. He knew not what number was desirable,
but he believed the public money could not be bet-
ter expended than for the benefit of that large por-
tion of our fellow-citizens engaged in tilling the
soil; and he knew the information in this report
would be very acceptable to them. It might be
that 50,000 was too many, but a considerable num-
ber" would be required. The adoption of this res-
olution "would add nothing to the labors of the
Commissioner of Patents, as he has already made
hjs report; and the question now is merely as to
the printing of that which has been prepared. He
said nothing about the propriety or impropriety of
employing the time ofthe Commissioner hereafter
in labors of this character. That was not the ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON remarked that the Patent Office
was the only department which sustained itself.
Til is document was very interesting to the whole
country. His constituents felt a deep interest in
it. Every mail brought him lelters requesting- to
be furnished with it. We were in the habit of ex-
pending large sums in printing other documents,
and even reports of our own speeches—a practice
which was very unwise, and which he hoped to see
changed before the close of the session.
Mr. HALE made a brief reply, stating that as
the subject of this resolution was one which could
not excite any party feeling, he thought it a most
favorable opportunity to strike a blow at this sys-
tem of printing books for distribution. He did
not intend to say anything against this particular
book, which might be very good. But we might as
well print SO,000 copies of Dombey & Son, which
would be quite as much sought after as this docu-
ment. The resolution was merely intended to put
it in the power of Senators to send copies abroad
to favorite or influential constituents, at the public
expense. He hoped the whole system would be
put an end to.
Mr. WESTCOTT made a brief explanation,
and modified his resolution so as to read 30,000,
instead of 50,000.
Mr. NILES briefly condemned the system,
which, some years ago, had been decided to be
wrong. This practice of priming the Patent Office
reports, in their present enlarged form, grew up
from a simple resolution appropriating §1,000 to
enable the Commissioner to collect some agricul-
tural statistics. Fiom this small beginning we had
gone on to the printing of a volume of some 1,400
pages, at a cost of §90,000. He was opposed to
the resolution. If we were to decide on the score
of utility what should be printed, it would be
found best to print a large edition of the New Test-
ament for circulation.
After a few words, in explanation, from Mr
CALHOUN and Mr. BADGER-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, advocated the
amendment and the resolution. The document
was one of great interest to the whole country, and
the number required bore small proportion to the
number of inquiries for it.
After a few words from Mr. CALHOUN, and
from Mr. UNDERWOOD, who also advocated
the resolution and amendment, and expressed a
hope that his resolutions, submitted some time
sinee, would be appended to the next report, the
Question was taken on the amendment of Mr.
Westcott, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Berrien, Breese, Came-
ron, Corwiii, Crittenden, Davis of Massachusetts, Downs,
Felch, Greene, Hamlin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum, Pe.trce, Rusk, Sebastian, Sturgeon,
Underwood, Upham, Webster, and Westcott—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atlierton, Bagby, Bell, Butler,
Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Hale, Hunter,
Lewis, Niles, Turney, and Yulee—15.
The resolution was then agreed to, after a few
words from Mr. DICKINSON, (in opposition,)
who said he had been recently written to for a
copy of the Blue Book, but as he found it would
cost $3 50, he declined sending it. Another per-
son wrote to him, that understanding Congress
had printed a book on Odd Fellowship, he desired
a copy.
. The resolution as amended and adopted reads
thus:
Ordered, That 30,000 copies of so much of the annual
report of the Commissioner of Patents received during the
present session as has been ordered to be printed by the
House of Representatives be printed for the use of the
Senate, to be bound in like manner, and also 5,000 copies
of the residue of said report, embracing the laws relating to
patents and the legal decisions thereon; and that 3,000
copies ot pach be given to the Commissioner of Patents for
diattibution.
The joint resolution from the House relating to
the adjournment of Congress on the 17th of July,
was read a first time; when
Mr. BADGER moved that it lie over until to-
morrow; agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS called up his resolution to change
the hour of meeting to eleven o'clock; which was
considered and negatived.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, House bill
to amend the act entitled " An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant preemption rights to settlers prior to 5th
November, 1841."
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate considered this bill, and it was read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
ptoceeded to consider the bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, &c.
The question being on the amendment submitted
by Mr. BELL—
Mr. ATHERTON said the amendmentinvolved
a very important question. Its object was to en-
able the Secretary of War to ascertain the number
of Cherokees at the treaty in May, 1836, and direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay $53 33 to
each individual, whether these persons remove or
not. These Cherokees have expressed it to be
their wish and design to remain in North Carolina.
The amount of appropriation involved is about
$100,000. This does not properly belong to the
Indian appropriation bill. It is a claim now re-
newed by a memorial from Mr. Thomas, although
it has been rejected from time to time during the
last twelve years. The claim is pressed by nume-
rous agents desirous to derive profit from their
exertions. After this explanation of the character
and history of the claim, he rvent on to reply to the
various statements and arguments brought forward
in defence of the claim, contending that the different
authorities to which the matter had been referred
had decided that the claim was not authorized by
the terms of the treaty. To the language of the
treaty he made reference, for the purpose of sus-
taining that decision, and of showing that the
amendment was not deserving of support. He
contended that it was never contemplated to give
the same commutation for removal and subsistence
to the Indians who remained as to those who con-
sented to remove, otherwise they who refused to
remove were placed in a better position than they
who went. He contended that the subject was
before Congress in another shape, and that this
amendment ought not to be pressed while that was
pending.
Mr. BELL made a brief reply, in which he
stated that the Senator from New Hampshire had
placed the question before the Senate in a wrong
point of view; that he had not made himself suf-
ficiently acquainted with the whole subject; and
he regretted that the errors of his statement had
been communicated in a tone calculated to influ-
ence Senators who had not given their minds to
the investigation of the facts. Mr. B. went on to
state that the faith of the Government was pledged
to the adoption of the principle of his amendment.
Instead of being out of place in the present appro-
priation bill, he asserted that it ought to have been
inserted in the first appropriation bill after the com-
pletion of the treaty of New Echota. He regretted
that the thinness of the Senate niust have the effect
of lessening the influence of the statements which
he felt it to be his duty to make, in reply to what
had fallen from the Senator from New Hampshire.
Still he could not permit such erroneous statements
to operate on the minds of Senators without an at-
tempt to place the subject in a correct point of-view.
These Cherokees had given up the whole of their
lands, and had not received a dollar for them. He
again expressed his regret that there was not a
quorum of the body present.
Several Senators suggested the propriety of ad-
journment, and Mr. Bell assenting to the general
wish, gave way.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate adjourn,
but withdrew his motion; when,
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after a short time, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOtTSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 13, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PALFREY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to the suspension of the rules, that
there might be taken from the Speaker's table a
report and a bill from the Committee on the Libra-
ry, having reference to international exchanges.
Objections were made, and a motion to suspend
the rules was not now in order.
WIDOWS OF REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to take up and consider
a motion to reconsider a vote to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union a
report from the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, adverse to extending the provisions of the
pension laws to the widows of the officers and sol-
diers who were married since 1794. The reference
was made by the House on the 29 th of February;
since which time, the motion to reconsider has been
undisposed of. His object was, if the motion to
reconsider should prevail, to move to recommit the
report and accompanying resolution to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, with instruc-
tions to report a bill to extend the provisions of the
existing pension laws to widows who were married
subsequent to the 1st January, 1794. What time
should be fixed as the ultimate limit he was not
prepared to say. Some gentlemen were in favor
of fixing the 1st. January, 1812; but, so far as he
was concerned, he had no other object in view than
to get the subject recommitted to the committee,
with instructions to extend the period beyond that
now fixed. - Some months ago, this subject was
brought prominently before the House, and many
gentlemen expressed opinions in relation to it.
There was then an almost unanimous opinion that
the time fixed by the existing laws granting pen-
sions to the widows of deceased soldiers was arbi-
trary, and an unjust mode of determining those to
whom the benefit of these laws should be extended.
There could be no good reason why the lstof Jan-
uary, 1794, should be fixed as the ultimate period
beyond which no pensions should be granted.
Such a limit was arbitrary, unjust, and unequal,
and it ought to be abandoned. The committee,
however, to whom the subject was referred by a
majority, reported a resolution declaring it inex-
pedient to extend those laws. But if any laws
oughtto be extended, it was these laws which afford
relief to the widows of those who rendered such
signal services to this country in its infancy. Why
the period now named—the 1st January, 1794—
should be the limit, and why they should be con-
fined to that particular period, was to him inex-
plicable. He desired the House to take this subject
into consideration at this time, and hcncc he hoped
his motion to reconsider would prevail. He had
no desire to consume the time of the House unne-
cessarily m the discussion of a subject which had
already consumed so much time, and, therefore, he
moved the previous question on Ins motion to re-
consider.
The House, however, did not second the motion
for the previous question.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. STUART,of Michigan, asked the yeas and
nays on that motion,but they were not ordered.
