830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
does not rejoice in the reflection, that we have, to
some extent, been able to indemnify them for the
great sacrifices made by them in our struggle for
independence? I am confident there is but one
opinion on this subject everywhere, unless it be in
jfome sections where the whole system is opposed.
Since the subject has been brought before the
'House and the country, in the publication of the
♦reports of the majority and minority, I have read
letter&ffom various portions of the country strongly
recommending the measure, and expressing the
greatest anxiety that it may become a law. i will
add an extract from a letter received, which is but
an-expression of public sentiment, as far as 1 have
been able to gather it from all quarters:
"SiB.: Having lately received from a friend at Washington
several reports of committee*, among them, I observed one
bv Sidney Lawrence, fiom the Committee on Revolutionary
Ptmsi.ms, about the List of Fcbiuaiy, which much attracted
my attention ; first, because it is a subject which f have for
twobr three years past submitted to the consideration of my
■Jate friend and neighbor, John Q.. Adam*, deceased; and
second, bjcauee I admire the tenor ot the language and illus-
trations empb'y.'d in your report, to affect a good and just
object. It has fallen to my lot to assist a very considerable
number of these pension claimant-* in tin? quarter, and many
of,which i without money and without price;' and about
nineteen out of twenty were actually poor and much ne.edtd
and deserved something of that country's bounty, which le-
ceived aid, both from male and female exertion, in the peri-
od you mention, that truly ' tried men's souls.' And barely
to net d as.-istance by such claimants is not all in this mat-
• ter: it is wtll known that moat of the soldier.* of the Rev<*-
lmion lost most of their wages for this important service, by
the depreciation of the medium called Continental money,
and the females of tl-.at day necessarily shared in the losses
and sufferings of that day. General Washington mentioned
this circumstance many yeais since—1 think in his address to
the Governors of the then thirteen States of America—and
expressed a sincere hope and wish that the States might be
prtisperous under their new system of government, and,
sooner or later, have the means, and do something moie for
the veteran soldier, who had donemuchforhiscouj.tty; and I
have the impression it was the same object and feeling which
induced President Monroe to recommend the system of rev-
olutionary pensions in the year 1817.
" It is well known m this quarter that the pension allow-
ances have relieved many, both male and female, fjom the
necessity of passing their very last days) on the cold chaiities
of a poorhouse ; and, sir, should your bill prevail, n would
confer acts of charity, as well a* acts of justice; it would fur-
nish the mean.* to procure a ft w Julie necessary comforts for
the a^ed widow, to cheer the evening of life, which she could
not expect otherwise to realize and enjoy. Believing our
country to possess abundant means, I always hope &he will
never be reluctant in doing acts of public ju&tiee.
" Fl George Washington ever uttered a^enienceof twelve
words of more weight and irresistible truth than any other of
the same length, it was when he &aid, 1 Public justice i&
one of the mam pillars to sustain our Republic.'
" T will only add, that my only wish is, on this point, that i
our Republic may he preserved for the benefit and tranquil-
_ lityof the people of this and of the other nations of the earth ;
and that all people may be lavored with sufficient light,
knowledge, self rcspect, and virtue, to govern themselves,
and that the despots and monarchs of the earth may find
safety in retirement to peaceful citizenship."
Mr. Speaker, I hope the motion to reconsider
will prevail, in order that the resolution may be
sent back to the committee, with instructions to
report the bill attached to the minority report, and
that, when it shall be so reported, it may receive
the sanction of the House, as I believe it will of
both branches of Congress, by a large majority.
Mr. WHITE thought they had comsumed quite
enough of the public time about this matter, and
he therefore moved the previous question.
Mr. CUMMINS remonstrated; but the call \
for the previous question was seconded, and, under
its operation, the motion of Mr. Pollock was
agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. GOGGIN, on whose motion the reference
of a bill was changed from his committee to that
on the Judiciary.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR NAVAL SERVICE.
The House, on motion of Mr. VINTON, re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1849, (Mr. Thompson, of Indiana, in
the chair.)
When the committee rose yesterday the amend-
ment pending was "for meteorological observa-
tions, to be conducted under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, $2,000."
Mr. STANTON moved the following amend-
ment, to come in immediately after the last amend-
ment: "For the establishment of a depot for naval
stores, which the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
Quired to cause to be located at or near New Or-
$20,GOG,'1
Mr. S. said he should embrace the first opportu-
nity which should present-itself to reply to the
remarks of Mr. Atkinson, that it might be seen
which of them stood in the right before the coun-
try. *
At his request, a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy was read in favor of the appropriation.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment to reduce
the sum to $5,000. He said that this subject had
been before the Committee on Naval Affairs, where
it had undergone a thorough investigation. It was
true that a majority of the committee had voted in
favor of the object, but the committee were by no
means unanimous in approving it. There were
some members who considered the establishment
of such a depot wholly unnecessary. There was
one already at Memphis, and another in the naval
establishment at Pensacola. He considered this as
a mere entering-wedge for future appropriations to
an indefinite amount. The proposed depot was a
matter wholly of a local character; it was intended
for the benefit of New Orleans, but would be of
no practical benefit at all to the naval service.
Mr. STANTON briefly advocated the appro-
priation on the ground of us usefulness in propor-
tion to the small amount it would cost the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WHITE continued to oppose it asnot need-
ed. The Secretary of the Navy had not recom-
mended it; he said indeed it would be a good thing,
and he had no objection to it, but he did not urge
it. There would be great difficulty of access to
it if placed where it was proposed; it was not a
suitable place for such an establishment.
Mr. STANTON could not conceive how the
gentleman from New York could say that the Sec-
retary did not recommend it; the gentleman surely
could not have read the letter, or listened to it
when read at the Clerk's desk. If the gentleman
had attended to it, he would have found that the
Secretary gave some half dozen of strong and co-
gent reasons in its favor.
Mr. WHITE thought his recommendation a
very faint one indeed.
The question being put, the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. White was not agreed to.
Mr. TUCK moved to reduce the amount in the
amendment to $3,000.
Mr. T. said he was opposed to this amendment
in the Committee on Naval Affairs, on the ground
that wc had now sufficient accommodations for
naval stores. If they made the appropriation rec-
ommended by the gentleman from Tennessee, it
was but the beginning; of appropriations which
would be asked for year after year for the next
half century, and neither we nor posterity would
soon hear the end of the demands for appropria-
tions for this station for dry docks, &c. it, looked
to a state of war; all the arrangements for the navy
looked to a state of perpetual war. He opposed this
on the same principle that he would oppose arm-
ing every citizen. Let us arm the navy as though
we considered every nation our enemy, and we
would always be in danger of getting into war, and
should be continually falling into it, according to
the caprice or ambition of the Executive. He was
opposed to the appropriation of itself, and as being
the commencement of appropriations without limit
Mr. T. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to reduce the amount
in the amendment to $10,000.
Mr. A. remarked that he had yesterday opposed
the appropriation of $2,000 towards (as it had been
called by some) the raising of atormsr and he had
then showed that the notions or opinions advanced
by some gentlemen of his own political party were
those which, a few years ago, were the distin-
guishing characteristics of the Federal party; and
he had then said, and still entertained the opinion,
that the gentleman from Tennessee had fallen into
one of the Federal notions of that distinguished
statesman who had recently gone to a better world,
as he hoped.
The gentleman fromTennessee had been pleased
to say he would take an early opportunity to no-
tice this subject; and he thought the gentleman
would need to make some effort to clear himself
entirely of the charge of Federal notions, and might
save himself the labor of attacking his (Mr. A.'s)
Democracy. During the long period that he
{Mr. A.) had been in public life, he had never given
a vote which had even smelt of Federalism; he
had never voted for an appropriation not strictly
authorized by the Constitution of the United States;
neither had he made a speech against James K.
Polk, the President of the United States, and held
him up before the people for his veto of the river
and harbor bill. When he should have done that,
he acknowledged he might well be suspected of
being tinctured with what was now called Whig-
gery, but in'old times was known by the name of
Federalism.
The impression seemed to exist upon the minds
of some that the appropriation of #2,000, which
was under consideration yesterday, had been rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Navy. This
was not the case. It was recommended by Pro-
fessor Bache, of the coast survey 
Mr. STANTON (interposing) said he did not
intend to enter into any discussion of matters
which were not pertinent at this time, but should
recur to the subject on an early occasion.
Mr. ATKINSON replied, that whenever he re-
curred to it, he would meet a rejoinder which would
not be very agreeable to him, as far as regarded
his political opinions. He had no hesitation to
compare his opinions with those of the gentleman.
Mr. A. then withdrew his amendment.
Thequestion recurring on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment—
Mr. McKAY would like to know of the gentle-
man from Tennessee what would be the probable
cost of the works contemplated ? If he understood
the reading of the letter, it stated that the present
appropriation was merely for the purchase of the
land.
The CHAIRMAN reminded Mr. McKay that
his remarks were out of order, as he had moved no
amendment.
Mr.STANTON would refer the gentleman from
North Carolina for a reply to the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and hoped it would again be
read; which was done accordingly by common
consent.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment by tellers, and the vote stood ayes 61,
noes 37; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN then ordered the roll to be
called, in compliance with the 126th rule of the
House; which beinjfelone, the committee rose,
and the chairman - reported the names of the ab-
sent members to the House, to be entered on the
Journal.
The committee then resumed its session, and the
question being again stated on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, it was agreed to: Ayes 91, noes 36.
Mr. SCHENCK moved, by direction of the
Naval Committee, the following amendment, to
come in after the last amendment:
For indemnification for lossesof npeecsary clothing,uni-
form, bed and table furniture, books and instruments, to the
officers and crews of the sloop Peacock, which was wrecked
and lost at the mouth of the Columbia river on the 18th day
of July, 1841 ; of the steam frigate Missouri, burnt at Gibral-
tar in lb43; the schooner Giampus,lost at sea; theschooner
Shark, wrecked and lost at the mouth of the Columbia river,
Septemhpr 10, 1846, fifty thousand dollars: JProrvIeri, That
the amount of such losses in the case of each claimant < haU
be established, by affidavit or proof, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Navy, and shall be paid only to the appli-
cant himself, or his authorized agent, or, in case of his deathr
to his widow, or if there bf no widow, then to his surviving
children, or if there be neither widow nor children, then to
the brotn^rs arid «i<turs now living, and who are minors, or
were minors at the time thai the los-*occurred : Jlndproci/ied
alio, That no more than the actual amount of loss shall be
paid in an> case, nor shall the entire allowance on account
of any individual in their respective grades exceed the fol-
lowing sums, viz: to a captain, eighf hundred dollar*; to a
commander or lieutenant commanding,hundred dollars;
to a lie itennnt, surgeon, asMttant surgeon, purser, chaplain,
professor, chief engineer, or captain of marines four hundred
and fifty dollars; to a master, pa^ed midshipman, fir^t as-
si«tant engineer, first lieutenant of marines, three hundred
dollar*; to a midshipman.second or third a**istanr engineer,
thud lieutenant of'marin s, clerk,or master's mat", two
hundred dollar-; to a boatswain, irunner,car pen ter,sailtnaker,
one hundred dollar*, to a pettyofficor,orscrscantoi corporal
of marine*, fiftv dollars; to a seaman, ordinary seaman, ma-
rine, or musician, foity dollars; to a landsman, boy, or fire-
man, thirty dollars.
Mr. SIMS inquired if that amendment was in
order? It made no appropriation for the naval
service, but was in fact making this bill the means
of legislation on private claims.
The CHAIR decided it to be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK explained the purpose which
the committee contemplated, in the course of which
he was understood to say that this amendment was
designed to indemnify officers and seamen for losses
hitherto sustained by the loss of vessels of the
United States at sea, for which no existing law
made any provision, and that a bill would be re-
ported to make provision for all future oases of a
