THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE C1T Y OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUKE 17, 1848.
New Series No. 53.
was recommended by the chief of the Bureau of
Docks and Yards,as well as by the Secretary of the
Navy himself. He would simply state that the
Secretary of the Navy and the officers having con-
trol of it said, while the navy-yard at New Yoik
must be at all tim-es and was one of the most im-
portant in tlie United States, it was one, in point
of extent, most limited and contracted; and this
ground, which it was proposed to purchase, was
essentially necessary to give to the navy-yard the
requisite room to carry on and properly conduct
the operations of that establishment. It further
appeared in evidence, from the statements present-
ed, that the Government had been for a long time,
perhaps for a period of twenty years, endeavoring to
purchase this same property, but had been unable
to obtain a valid title. Such title, he said, was now
to he obtained, and at a rate, though greater than
it could have been purchased for when the attempt
was first made, much less than there was reason to
apprehend would have to be paid if the purchase
were much longer delayed.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved a slight amend-
ment to the amendment, and was proceeding to
sustain Mr. Vinton's views and further to ex-
plain, when he was inteirupted by a question of
order raised by Mr. SCHENCK, which gave rise
to some conversation.
Mr. KING'S amendment not being pressed—
Mr. VINTON'S amendment was then adopted.
Mr. VINTON moved to increase the appropri-
ation for the Philadelphia navy-yard from $11,500
to $14,500, and explained that the necessity of the
increase arose from being obliged to pay §3,000
more for a dredging machine there than was origin-
ally estimated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. V. also moved to add for the Pensacola
yards $50,000, for the construction in part of a
new timber shed, and explained, that since the bill
was reported, the Secretary of the Navy had in-
formed the committee that the Government had a
large amount of very valuable timber at Pensacola,
which could not be preserved without such a pro-
vision. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNT moved to insert for necessary re-
pairs for marine hospital at Mobile, $1,900, and
said this amendment was reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce. Agreed to.
Various other verbal amendments and amend-
ments striking out minor items, which the depart-
ment had agreed to dispense with after the bill was
reported, were offered by Mr. VINTON, and
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, moved to insert
$50,€00 for completing, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, the marine hospitals here-
tofore commenced at Pittsburg, Cleveland, and
Louisville.
He explained the previous legislation on this
subject, and urged the importance of these marine
hospitals, the construction of which he presented
as a matter of direct'and positive duty , the expen-
ses therefor being met by the tax which the Gov-
ernment imposed on seamen. The amount of this
tax received annually at Louisville, for several
years had been eleven or twelve hundred dollars,
while the appropriations there had been but five
hundred.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to rcducc the
amount proposed one-half, and concurred m all
the gentleman from Kentucky had said. The older
members of the House would bear witness, if he
had not made the same speech just delivered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, for years, he^had,
at least, expressed the same sentiments. There
was now on the calendar a separate bill providing
for these very hospitals. - And another thing he
wished to mention, for which he felt himself bound
to hold the gentleman from Kentucky and his party
responsible, was, that the rules of the House were
so framed as that the majority could not control its
business, and that the minority were installed in
powe
If the gentleman from Kentucky would
go with him to modify the rules and make them
what they were when the Democrats had the ma-
jority, they would be able to get along with their
53
business. The Locofoco party would never be
guilty of such weakness as to instal the minority
in power, and enable them to prevent the despatch
of business. They had never done it, and never
would do it.
Mr. CABELL called the gentleman to order on
the ground of irrelevancy; and, after some conver-
sation, Mr. Wentworth withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS moved an amendment, and
said a few words in reply to Mr. Wentwortii.
He had understood the gentleman to intimate that
the rules adopted by the Whig House were differ-
ent from those of the Democratic House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (in his seat.) They are,
certainly.
Mr. STEPHENS. I should like to have the
gentleman point out wherein they differ.
Mr. WENTWORTH would point it out, if the
gentleman would allow him, though he presumed
the gentleman would hardly wish to give him up
his five minutes for the purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS knew not to what rule the
gentleman referred. The gentleman had said they
had adopted rules by which the majority could not
do the business. He would like to have the gen-
tleman point out any material alterations they had
made. But he would tell the gentleman that when
he would get his party to vote for some of these
improvements, which he would have the country
believe he was desirous to get, then he would have
them, and not before.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he was in favor of
this proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS believed the gentleman him-
self was; but let him come out manfully and say
his own side was not for it, and his (Mr. S. 's) side
was, and not take the position that this House had
adopted rules by which this subject could not be
reached. The rules were the same in this respect
as they had been in the last Congress: two-thirds
were required now as then to take up business out
of order. The only difference was, that the mo-
tion to suspend the rules now could only be made
once a week, whereas, under the rules of the gen-
tleman's party, the gentleman might move to sus-
pend them everyday in the week, and they would
do nothing else so long as there were two-thirds
Democrats in the House. There was but one
remedy, and that was for a House-to be returned
two-thirds Whig. He withdrew his amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the amendment, by adding $10,000 for marine
hospital at Natchez, and briefly urged the import-
ance of the completion of the works there, now
begun, to afford accommodations to the many
sailors who were taken there with yellow fever,
and the general necessity to those who navigated
the western waters for the erection of a hospital at
that point.
Mr. FRENCH wished the gentleman to modify
his amendment to the amendment, so as to include
also $10,000 for a marine hospital at Paducah.
Mr. BROWN declined to do so, reminding the
gentleman that it would be in order for him to
offer the proposition after his amendment had been
voted on.
Pending the question, the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. HOLMES, of riouth Carolina: The petition of
seamen and seamen's friends in Charleston, to slop ihe
Ipuit lation. ANn, flu- memorial of the eitiwns, merchants,
and Citv Council of Charleston, for a eu tom-liou=e.
BvMr. CHAPMAN: The memoiial of the representatives
of Colonel John Crowell, late Indian agent, for compensa-
tion for isis services.
BvMr. BLANClIAItT): The petition of sundry citizens
of Pennsylvania for the abolition of slavery throughout the
United States.
By Mr. TUCK - The petition ofLucien Clavadet=cher for
the removal of Captain William Ramsay from tlie naval ser-
vice for fraudulent conduct, and ut-mg his official position
for the purpose of perpetrating deception, and of cheating
piivate citizens.
4 IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 13, 1848.
Mr. HALE presented a pelition from William
C. Williams and twenty others, citizens of Hamil-
ton county, Ohio, asking that the seat of Govern-
ment may be removed to some free Slate, and sug-
gesting Cincinnati as the most central spot.
Mr. HALE moved that the petition be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary; hut. according
to the practice of the Senate, tlie motion to receive
the petition arose, and the question was put to lay
that motion on the table.
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays; but
tlie Chair decided that the call was too late, the
motion to lay on the tabic having been decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. HALE then asked leave to withdraw the
petition, with a view to present it again when the
Senate should be full.
The question being put, no quorum voted; and
the question being again put, there appeared ayes
7, noes 12, so that no quorum voted.
The Sergeant-at-arms wasdirecied by the Chair
to ascertain if a quorum was present, and reported
in the affirmative.
Mr. HALE moved that the Senate adjourn,
which was negatived.
The question was again put on the motion for
leave, to withdraw the petition—ayes 14, noes 14.
No quorum.
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. STURGEON called for the reading of the
petition before he would give his vote.
The petition was then read as follows:
That whereas recent events, as well as the indi-
cations of past years, have rendered it hut too
painfully manifest that the liberty ofthe press and
freedom of speech in our Houses of Congress are
no longer, on all subjects, safe and untrammelled
at our seat of Government in its present location,
but presses are liable at any exigency to attack
and destruction from a lawless mob, for sentiments
uttered on the subject of slavery, and members of
Congress are exposed to insult and personal vio-
lence from the ruthless bully and assassin for
words spoken in debate in their respective Houses
on the same subject;
The prayer of your memorialists, therefore, if$
that measures be immediately taken by your hon-
orable bodies for the removal of the seat of Gov-
ernment as speedily as convenient from its present
location to some new site, within the bounds of
some fiee State, where the rights of the press and
the privilege of parliament in the persons of mem-
bers of Congress may be more fully respected and
secured.
Your memorialists would also further suggest
that what renders such a change still more proper
and called for, is the fact that in the unparalleled
growth of our country the present seat of Govern-
ment, however central it may have been in its
original selection, is now far east as well as south
of the centre of the voting population. They would,
therefore, venture to present the city of Cincinnati,
in the State of Ohio, as a plSce in which, from its
more central position, as \yell as its other numerous
and great advantages, w6uld be specially suitable
for the new location.
Finally, as a further reason in behalf of such a
change of location, your memorialists would tuge
the fact of the slave traffic so extensively carried
on within the bounds of the District, and m sight
! of the very Capitol itself; thus disgracing our
' count!y by making what ought to be the citadel
and saLlmnj of liberty the great slave mart of the
Union.
Mr MANGUM suggested that a petition could
not be withdrawn but by unanimous consent
Mr HALE was willing to withdraw his motion
for leave, if he could have the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the motion for reception on the
taM°r BAGBY said he was disposed, in the first
instance, to allow the Senator to withdraw the
memorial; but since it had been read, he should vote
