1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
83?
reference to the claims of the several towns and
the different sections of the Union. He could not,
however, enlarge -on this point. There was an-
other which he would simply bring to the notice
xii the committee"*, and that was, that the establish-
ment of these hospitals by the Federal Government
was at least of doubtful policy. Without saying
anything about the increase of Executive patron-
age which they would necessarily bring with them,
he thought, from some statistical statements on the
subject before htm, it might well be questioned
whether the seamen could not be provided for with
as much comfort and more economy in private
tJOft'irdfng-houses, or in institutions belonging to the
States or to the corporate citics and towns, than in
those which may be established by the General
Government. [*Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J0HNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
^"he amendment by adding •" For the construction
of a marine hospital at Napoleon, Arkansas, on
the site now selected and purchased, so soon as
£he tilteis perfected, $10,000."
He explained that this hospital stood on the
same ground as the others which were provided
for, being one of the seven authorized by the act
-of Congress; that the site had been selected and
purchased, and that the title was in fact perfected,
and all that was'lacking was thart the papers should
^ returned from the district attorney of Arkansas.
He therefore asked that the amendment be adopted.
Mr. HUNT concurred with Mr. Johnson that
this hospital at Napoleon was one of the seven
authorized by the act of 1842, and stood on the
•same footing with the others, except that on appli-
cation to the War Depaftment the Committee on
Commerce had ascertained that the title was not
■perfect", if it had been, they would have included it.
For himself, he was entirely willing that the ap-
propriation should be made on the conditions pre-
scribed by the gentleman from Arkansas. He hoped
it would be agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson to the amend-
ment was adopted, and the amendment of Mr.
Duncan, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HUNT moved an amendment to the item
for Norfolk of $1,600 for necessary repairs of the
marine hospital at that place. Agreed to.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendmentto repeal the
fourth section of the act of March 3, 1845, making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
'ending'SOth June, 1846.
[The proviso proposed to be repealed was sub-
sequently read, and provides that no more than one
hundred and eighty passed midshipmen, and those
senior in rank, shall, at the same time, receive the
pay fixed by law for that class of officers.]
Mr. W. briefly explained the necessity for the
-amendment-
Mr, BAYLY moved a verbal amendment to the
amendment, and advocated the insertion of a pro-
vision to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
tfill certain vacancies which now existed within the
number prescribed by law. Having concluded, he
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. POLLOCK renewed the amendment of Mr.
Bayly, to enable him to say a word, (after which
he withdrew it.) He inquired whethei, if this
provision of the law of 1842 was repealed, the Sec-
retary of the Navy would not be authorized to
appoint more than one hundred and eighty passed
•midshipmen?
Mr. BAYLY did not so understand it.
Mr. McKAY asked what was the use then of
repealing the law?
Mr. POLLOCK said, if the repeal of this law
would only give the Secretary power to fill the
vacancies, he would vote for it; but if its effect
would be to authorize him to appoint ad libitum,
he was opposed to it.
The amendment of Mr. White was then reject-
ed: Ayes 47, noes 7G~
THE SPIRIT RATION.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment providing for the abolition ofthe spirit
ration in the navy and in the marine service, and
for the payment of six cents in lieu thereof to each
person entitled to receive the same. He consid-
ered it a matter of very great importance that the
spirit lation should be abolished in the navy. In
no other department of the Government weie they
retained; they had been abolished in the army;
and in addition, in the merchant service, where
there were some 60,000 seamen, there were not
more than one-quarter of the vessels to which
spirits were furnished. In the coasting trade also,
where there were some 70,000 seamen employed,
a very small portion of them received spirits; and,
as was testified by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Grinnell] last year, and as was
generally known, in the whaling business not
more than one-tenth of the 19,500 seamew em-
ployed were furnished spirits. The number in
the navy was only some 8,000 or 9,000 men, to
whom, old and young, except boys, these rations
were regularly furnished every day, unless the
individuals chose to give them up. He referred
to the testimony on the subject as furnishing
abundant evidence that the furnishing of liquor to
the seamen was the causc of a large proportion of
the shipwrecks, offences which required punish-
ment by whipping, and various disasters which
happened on board vessels at sea, and read par-
ticularly from Dr. Foltz and other physicians in
the navy sustaining this opinion; and to the recog-
nition of this fact by business men in insuring
vessels which earned no liquor at a less rate than
others. In these views he but expressed the
opinion ofthe chairman ofthe Committee on Na-
val Affairs and of the majority of that committee,
who hoped the spirit ration would be given up.
He hoped the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. MURPHY moved to add to the amend-
ment a provision that no officer or other person on
board should have or take on board a ship any
wine or other liquor.
Pie said he was a friend to temperance. He
believed the greatest curse to the human family—
sailors and all classes—was the use of grog; but
he believed also that this evil was to be eradicated,
not by law, but by moral suasion. In diffeient
parts of the country, in his own State for one, ef-
forts had been made by law to abolish the drink-
ing of liquor; but they had been a failure, and m
his State they had been compelled to repeal the
law. He would give to Jack the same libeitv of
choice, to drink or not, that he would to any other
man. He had no objection to provide that he
might commute if he chose; but if he did not
choose to commute, he should be at liberty to drink.
The only difficulty perhaps was, that the Govern-
ment furnished bad liquor. [A laugh.] He had
visited several ships within a few days; he had
conversed with the officers in relation to this mat-
ter; all of whom said, give the sailor liberty to
drink or not, to commute or not, as he chooses,
but do not, as you value the navy, abolish it alto-
gether. There were men who were habituated to
it, who expected to have it; and, in his opinion,
there were many able bodied men whom we had
in the navy under the present regulation, whom
we could not keep if the ration was abolished.
We must take men as they are, with their piesent
habits, and give them the liberty of choice.
The amendment of Mr. Muuphy to the amend-
ment was agreed to—the vote being taken by tel-
lers: Ayes 80, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. BAYLY (upon an amendment moved for
the purpose and withdrawn) said that, in his opin-
ion, the effect ofthe amendment as it stood was to
increase drinking among sailors. He would tell
them how: The spirit ration cost about two cents
for each sailor; they proposed to give him six in
lieu of it, so that he would get money enough to
buy three drinks instead of one—it would enable
him to drink more liquor, and have sugar in it,
without any expense to him.
Mr. McKAY (speaking in like manner) said this
same subject was before the House at the last, ses-
sion, on the motion of the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, and a provision was then adopted, and was
now the law of the land, by which every seaman
was authorized to commute his spirit rations and
was allowed three cents. This House agreed to
allow six cents, but the matter was settled by com-
promise between the two Houses at three cents.
The gentleman from Yirginia said the ration cost
the Government two cents: that was one hundred
per cent too much—it cost less than a cent, as any-
body could see from reckoning, whiskey being
purchased at twenty-six cents a gallon.
His friend from Virginia had well observed that
so far from the provision, if adopted, having a tend-
ency to reform our seamen, it would actually give
them a larger fund when they got ashore to drink
upon; it would give them six times as ifauch to
spend 'for liquor as they now had. Let the House
abolish the ration if they pleased, and tnake an
equivalent in money; but he trusted they were not
prepared to allow six times as much as it now
cost.
In conclusion, he moved a new amendment 'to
the amendment, providing that no o'fficer m the
navy or marine corps should receivc the commu-
tation, and reducing the commutation to two cents.
• Mr. ROCKWELL accepted the first branch of
the amendment to the amendment, and modified
his proposition accordingly.
-The question being taken on the last branch of
Mr. McKay^s amendment, viz: to reduce the con>
mutation to two cents, it was rejected,
Mr. DUER (up9n an amendment moved and
subsequently withdrawn) said the argument-of his
colleague [Mr. Murphy] might he a sound one,
but it appeared to him he did not apply it correctly
in this case. He understood the gentleman to say
that legislation on this subject was improper, and
that it should be left to moral suasion; that he was
opposed to laws prohibiting persons from drinking.
He asked his colleague, then., if he was not equally
opposed to laws encouraging dnnkin?, and whether
this was not a proposition to repeal a law which
encouraged drinking by furnishing the sailors
liquor? He thought the gentleman's principle
would equally hold him to oppose one species of
legislation as the other—the legislation that pro-
hibited, or that encouraged drinking. The ques-
tion was, whether this Government should tempt
Jack to drink: we all knew his disposition, his
habits that way; the question was, whether the
Government would furnish rations endorsing the
habit. He did not believe sailors would drink
more, even if they commuted with them six cents.
They might get drunk occasionally when they
went on shore, but their habits were such that they
would not procure liquor in large quantities and
carry on board the ships, (even if they were al-
lowed;) and the habits of temperance they would
acquire by being without liquor would indispose
them to drink on shore. He believed this propo-
sition an important one, and hoped it would be
adopted.
Mr. MURPHY moved another amendment,
(and subsequently withdrew it.) He was glad the
House had adopted his amendment to the amend-
ment. He thought they had decfored by their
vote, that in their opinion it was quite as important
to have temperate officers as temperate seamen. In
his opinion it was more so.
But he wished to answer his colleague. He
[Mr. M.] said, that by leaving the provision as it
now stood, allowing the seamen their grog or not,
they left him afiee agent; but when they abolished
the ration altogether, they took from him free voli-
tion, and restricted him to living without drink—
they took n from on board, and said he should not
have it. Therefore, he reiterated his position, that
they left him a voluntary agent, open to moral
suasion, under the provision as it now stood.
Mr. SA.WYER moved an amendment to the
amendment, to declare that corporal punishment
by whipping is abolished in the navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. VINTCN raised a question oforder against
the amendment, on the ground that it proposed
legislation man appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that his individual
opinion was, that the amendment was not in order
for the reason stated; but, inasmuch as there were
various precedents to the contrary, (several of
which he read,) he felt constrained to overrule the
point of order, and submit the amendment to the
cum mittee.
Mr. VINTON remarking that he did not think
the cases road applicable to the present; that he
wa<5 well satisfied that they could never get through
their business unless they confined themselves to
the rules of the House; and that the Chair an-
nounced that the decision was against his own
opinion, appealed.
The question being taken by tellers on the ap-
peal, the decision was sustained—ayes 07, noes 54.
Mr. SAWYER was aware there were objec-
tions to this proposition, but he still believed it to
be right, and therefore he would not give it tip. Hft
believed when these amendments should become
the law, the officers would be curtailed of some of
their privileges; they would not then so often get
drunk, and offences by the seamen would be less
frequent. He believed another thing, and that
