1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
theycon«.id >r it as necessary to preserve discipline, to ensure
the safety of the i-iiip, and to secure a faithful pjiforinance
of dutv by aii band-* on board. To their mind* it is far le*s
odious than a system of punishment hy confinement, or by
the ii«e of symbols or dresses exposing them to ridicule.
A sanguinary code, by which punishments affecting life or
hmb, lor p Jtfy offences constantly occuriiug on shipboard,
which cannot be p tssed over with impunity, would he re-
volting to humanity in this enlightened a«e, and would be
cruel and unjust to the brave and meritorious but thoughtless
men who would differ under its op£;iation. It is hue that
the infliction of corporal punishment i  revolting to the great
body o< ti«e American people; and it is because of thi> gen-
eral feeling that it might be dispensed with on the shore
&tations within the United States, where citizens are fre-
quently employed. This, I think, might be advantageously
done by a regulation ofUiedepaitmeni; but I feel constiaincd
to express the opinion that it cannot be dit-pnnsed with on
shipboard without injury to the discipline of the seivice, en-
dangering the safety of out ships of war, and making necessa-
ry^ system of punishments (ai more oppressive and cine! to
those in whose behalf sympathy has suggested the modifica-
tion.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obedient
servant, J.Y.MASON.
The question was then taken on Mr. Schenck's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. DUER (who offered an amendment, and
who was frequently called to order during his re-
marks for irrelevancy) said, he appreciated the
difficulties which were in the way of abolishing
corporal punishment in the navy; and yet he hoped
that our seamen were not to be eternally treated
like brutes. There might be difficulties, but was
it impossible to dispense with whipping? Were
we forever to continue this practice? if seamen
had been a degraded class, that was no reason why
they should be forever whipped; and, as it was
evident the practice must be abolished, he saw no
reason why they should not begin now. When
they treated sailors like men, they would have them
a higher class than they weie now. Why could
not other punishments be substituted? Gentlemen
laughed at the idea of starving: men; but he thought
they rmaiit be put on short allowance as a punish-
ment, which would not make them feel that sense
of degradation which was consequent on whipping.
There was no class of men that made such good
sailors and soldiers as the Americans, and the rea-
son was, because they were freemen; men who
exercised their reason, and saw the necessity of
things. Hence they would submit to discipline.
Abolish degrading punishments, and the character
of our sailors would improve. Whipping was the
punishment of slaves, and not of freemen. They
might subdue a man's spirit by putting him on
short allowance, but they would sink him into
degradation and not subdue his spirit by whipping.
Whip him, and he became more stubborn than
before. Such was the character of the men. He
thought naval officers were not the men from whom
counsel should be taken on this subject. How
many lawyers were there to be found in favor of
reforming the practice of the courts, and how
many doctors to change medical practice?
The allotted five minutes expired, and the gen-
tleman withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana, offered an amend-
ment providing that sailors should be reprimanded
by the commander of the ship for offences com-
mitted.
He said it seemed the discipline of the navy was
to be set aside without discussion or consideration;
and hence he had submi ted an amendment which
he thought was requisite, no substitute for the pun-
ishmenf to be abolished having been suggested
hitherto. He objected to the sickly sentimentality
which had been exhibited here to-day by gentle-
men who knew nothing of the discipline of the
navy, but who, nevertheless, undertook to make
laws for its government. If it were true that the
punishment of flogging ought to be abolished, let it
be referred to a committee, and be considered by
men who had devoted some time to the considera-
tion of that subject, and who would be able to
report a proper measure to effect the purpose con-
templated without injury to the service. He said
he had lived on the seaboard, and knew something
of the subject, and he never knew an experienced
man whoj on sober second thought, did not say
such punishment was necessary; and even the sail-
ors-submitted to it with a consciousness that it was
the only way by which discipline could be pre-
served. He went on to show that ships could only
he governed by a despotism, and that disobedience
must meet with prompt punishment; and then he
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MURPHY offered the following amendment:
Provided, however, before flogging shall be abolished, a
commission of three or more competent persons shall he ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy, to examine into the
facts, and repoi t the same, with their opinion, for the further
action of Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS rose to a question of order,
and maintained that the amendment was irrele-
vant.
The CHAIR sustained the point of order, and
the amendment was not received.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
And that the Secietary of the Navy, with the approba-
tion of tne President of the United States, h hereby required
to establish, in heu thereof, a system of' iuIos and regulations
for the punishment of offences committed by seaman in the
navy, as shall be ino-t likely to ss.cuie propei di>cipline, ami
at the same time be more jo accordance with the pjinciples
Ol enlightened humanity and legislation ; and that tht- same
be published to every ship's ciew monthly.
Mr. VINTON said this amendment was liable
1o the same objection as the last.
Some conversation ensued on its relevancy, but
the chairman decided that it was in older.
Mr. BROWN, in advocating his amendment,
said the seamen should be as much under the pro-
tection of laws on sea as on land; and that it should
not be left to any officer to say what kind of pun-
ishment should be inflicted, and for what offences.
He hoped they should get rid of the punishment of
whipping, and he had no doubt that then they
should obtain a higher class of men for the naval
service. Whipping had been abolished in the land
service, and there was no good reason why it should
be continued atsea. It had been abolished in many
of the States as a punishment for crime, and it was
not toleiated m even many district schools.
Mr. LEVIN moved that the comnmtce rise.
Mr. VINTON hoped the committee would not
rise. He hoped they would stay here until to-
morrow morning, if they could not pass this bill in
less time.
The committee refused to rise, and then it reject-
l ed the amendment of the gentleman from Pcnnsyl-
j vama, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. CATHCART offered an amendment to ob-
tain an opportunity to say that he trusted in God
the committee would come up to the spirit of the
age,and abolish thedegradingpunishmentof whip-
ping. He spoke during his five minutes in the
expression of his opposition to the punishment of
whipping, and then withdrew his amendment.
The question now recurring on the amendment
as amended—
On motion of Mr. RUMSEY, it was further
amended by inserting " except lor medicinal pur-
poses. "
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the word "ma-
rines, " because they were on a diffeient footing,
and under different regulations from the sailors,
they constituting, in fact, but a portion of the army
serving on shipboard. And if the marines were
allowed six cents commutation, Congress would
soon have to make a similar regulation throughout
the army.
Mr. McKay's motion was not agreed to.
Several motions to amend having been ruled out
of order, the question was loudly demanded.
The vote on the amendment as amended was
decided, on a count by tellers, in the negative—
ayes 51, noes 72.
Mr. ROCKWELL proposed the following
amendment:
That, in heu of the spirit ration now allowed in the navy
and marine service, such marineis and niaiines as should
elect to do so might leceive six cents pei di< m.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. ROCKWELL lemonstrated, and finally
appealed; but the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. CATHCART moved to amend by pro-
viding that corporal punishment should be abol-
ished in the naval service.
It was ruled out of order; and, on Mr. Catii-
cart's appeal, the Chair was again sustained.
Mr. SAWYER proposed to strike out fiom the
list of miscellaneous items of appropriation that
for the purchase of" musical instruments.'* As
drums and fifes had been already enumerated,
these must mean the bugles and horns which were
used in our concerts at the Capitol and President's
House, prepared to tickle the ears of the dandies
and exquisites who resorted there.
[A voice: " Don't you attend there, sometimes,
yourself?"]
No; 1 don't grace such exhibitions with my
presence. [A laugh.] Now, at home, his con-
stituents, when they wished for music, expected
to pay for it out of their own pockets, not at the
expense of the public. But here Congress was
calicd on to pay for horns and bugles, and things
like pot-lids, which a fellow rattled together.
[Laughter.] No such instruments were used on
board our ships of war; they were reserved for
the ears of our Washington exquisites. These
things had cost the Government already from four
to eight thousand dollars.
The amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, an amendment
was inserted for the relief and protection of Ameri-
can seamen m foreign countries, $20,000; and the
second and last section of the bill, the necessity
for which was superseded by the ending of the
war, was stricken out.
Mr. WHITE offered an amendment authori-
zing the Secretary of the Treasury to contract
for the masonry or other parts of construction of
a dry dock at Brooklyn, New York; but before
any decision was had on it—
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON moved to dischaige the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union from
the bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30,1849.
Mr. KING-, of Georgia, moved that the House
do now adjourn; decided in the negative—yeas 60,
| nays 67.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Ayes 58 
The yeas and nays were called for, but refused
by the House.
Mr. BAYLY moved an adjournment of the
House. Agreed to.
And the House accordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jane 14, 1848.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Daniel G.
Garnsey, an officer in the late war with Great
Britain, asking compensation for military services;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from citizens
of Michigan, asking that Mount Vernon may be
purchased by the General Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON desired to submit a joint resolu-
tion, and asked the unanimous consent of the
Senate, intimating his intention to call it up for
consideration to-morrow, after it had been printed.
The consent having been granted, Mr. B. submit-
ted—
A JOINT RESOLUTION to regulate the discharge nnd
payment of the temporaiy tioops returning from the Mex-
ican war.
Bp it reio'i erf, «§'<<•, That, on the restoration of peace with
Mexico, by a treaty of peace duly latificd and pioclaimed,
all the military forces of ihe United Slates, whether voJnn-
teeis, icgul.irs, or the mainie corps, who by law or the terms
of then- engagement*, are to be discharged at the close of
the war, shall, under the direction uf the President of the
United States, be transpoited or marched, with the least
pjacticabh. del.iy, to fuch po*ts or places in the United States
as inav be Iea?t expensive, and may be most convenient to
the troops; and at^uch places they shall be discharged from
the service of the United States, and th.it. until they shall
respectively reach such places and be discharged, the ofli-
eeisand in' n shall be considered, paid, and tieated as in the
service of the United States, 111 the same manner as if the
wat had not closcd.
The resolution was read twice and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported House bill making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June 30, 1849, with an amend-
ment. The amendment consists of striking out
■$540,000, and inserting $495,000, and also inserting
" for transportation of the mail between Charles-
ton, South Carolina, and Havana, under ihe con-
tract made with M. C. Mordecai, $45,000.
Also, from the same committee, House bill
making appropriations for the payment of
tionary and other pensions of the United States foi
the year ending June 30, 1849, without umend-
m Also, from the same committee, asking to be
discharged from the farther consultation of the
memorial of John Golden in relation to his dis-
coveries in finance.
