1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
The only Indians who committed hostilities against
the Texans were those of the United States. The
Caddos, Kickapoos, Shawnees, Creeks, Chero-
kees, Choctaws, and others, are constantly depre-
dating the citizens of Texas. He had once, at
the head of a military force, pursued the Indians
over the boundary to Shreveport, in the State of
Louisiana, where he took the Indians, deprived
them of their arms, and took an engagement from
the United States agent there, that they should not
return to Texas. For this he was denounced by
the Governor of Louisiana, &c.; but these were
United States Indians, and he considered himself
justified in his course.
Mr. BELL made some objection on the ground
of the want of authority on tne part of the Govern-
ment of the United States to interfere with the In-
dians and white settlers on the borders of Texas.
There is no fixed boundary between the Indians
and the Texans. It would be necessary to have
the assent of Texas.
Mr. ATCHISON informed the Senator from
Texas that the subject embraced in his amendment
had already attracted the attention of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and would not be neglected.
The committee knew well the difficulties of the
situation in which Texas was placed, and was
disposed to give proper consideration to them. He
hoped the amendment would not now be pressed.
After a few words frocn Mr. WESTCOTT, the
question was taken, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Borland, Bradbury, Calhoun,
Davis of Mississippi, Fetch, Hamlin, Mangum, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Sturgeon, Turney, and We^tcott—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Oorwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dick-
inson, Dix. Downs, Greene, Hale. Hunter, Johnson of Ga.,
MSson, Miller, Niles, Peaice, Spruance, Underwood, and
Yulee—23.
Mr. SEBASTIAN desired a postponement'of
the bill until to-morrow, in order that he might
submit an amendment which he intended to offer.
The suggestion was acquiesced in by Mr. ATH-
ERTON.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following:
Ordered, That 20,000 copies of the proceedings of the Sen-
ate in Executive session on the treaty with Mexico, and of
the documents from which the injunction of secrecy has
been removed by the resolutions of the Senate of the 31st
May and the 2d instant, be printed for the use of the Senate.
A resolution was submitted that the daily hour
of meeting of the Senate shall be at 11, a.m., until
otherwise ordered. Lies over.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, after a short time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 15, 1848.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BURT asked the House by general consent
to take up the joint resolution providing for the
payment of the regiment of Texas mounted troops
called into the service of the United States under
the requisition of Colonel Curtis, in the year 1847,
and for other purposes, which was returned from
the Senate with amendments.
No objection being made—
Mr. BURT explained that the only amendment
of substance made hy the Senate provided simply
that this regiment of Texas mounted troops should
receive the usual pay and allowances from the
time they left their homes respectively until they
arrived at San Antonio, the rendezvous, and from
San Antonio to their homes respectively after they
were discharged. The other amendments were
purely verbal. He trusted the House would at
once concur in the amendments of the Senate.
After a few words of conversation between Mr.
JONES, of Tennessee, and Mr. BURT—
The question was taken, and the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in, and thus the joint
resolution is finally passed.
Mr. HOLMF.S, of New York, asked leave to
introduce the following bill:
A BILL to alter and establish the compensation for mileage
to Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Be it enacted, «•£., That, instead of the pay now allowed !>y
law to Senatois and Representatives in Congress for travel,
there shall bp allowed each member one dollar for every hour
actually and necessarily spent m travelling oil the most usu-
i!l\ traveled route to and ftorn their le^peetive plae .
residence, together with the. usual and ordinary travelling
expenses.
Mr, WENTWORTH objected and the bill was
not received*
Mr. STROHM called up the report made by
himself some days ago from the Committee on
Public Expenditures. He said this was the day
by which the minority of the committee had statea
they would be prepared with their minority report,
and he hoped, therefore, there would be no objec-
tion to the printing of the report.
Some conversation ensued, in which Mr, BED-
INGER stated that the minority were not ready
with their report, but would be on Monday, and,
at the suggestion of Mr. McKAY, by general con-
sent the subject was passed over informally.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR NAVAt, SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1849, (Mr. Thompson, of Indiana, in the
chair.)
The CHAIR stated that the pending question
was on the amendment offered yesterday by Mr.
White, authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
contract with somesuitable person for the masonry
or other parts of the construction of a dry dock at
Brooklyn, New York.
The Chair ruled this amendment out of order, it
being substantially the same moved and decided
on a previous stage of action on the bill by the
committee.
Mr* BAYLY then offered the following, as an
amendment to section 2:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the restriction established
by the fourth section of the act approved March 3d, J 645,
whereby no more th.in one hundred and eighty passed mid-
shipmen, and those senior in rank, shall at the sime time
receive the pay fixed by law for that cla^s of olficeis, be
suspended in its operation from the passage of this act until
the class of 1841 and 1842 shall have heen examined, and
the lelative rank established among those who shall p<iss
their examination.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding as follows :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to authorize a gieater number titan one hun-
dred and eighty to receive the pay of passed midshipmen.
After some explanations of his amendment, in
the course of which he objected to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia as a removal of all
restrictions on the Secretary of the Navy, Mr. P.
withdrew his amendment. It was, however, sub-
sequently renewed.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. Mc-
LAN E, Mr. BAYLY, and others, in the course
of which it was stated that the act of 1845 limited
the number of passed midshipmen to one hundred
and eighty, below which number the passed mid-
shipmen now ill the service were reduced; and, as
the class of midshipmen of 1841 and 1842 had not
all been examined, their relative rank was notfixed,
and hence the Secretary was unable to supply the
vacancies from amongst them. To relieve him
from this difficulty, Mr. Bayly offered his amend-
ment; but, to prevent an ultimate increase of the
number of passed midshipmen, Mr. Pollock pro-
posed his proviso as an amendment to the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY now proposed to withdraw his
amendment.
The CHAIR decided that he had no power to
do so.
Mr. McLANE moved further to amend by add-
ing the following;
And that the Secretary of the Navy, immediately after
the examination of the present yeai, -hall as-n>n lank to
tlio-e who haye been examined, so that the number one
hundred and eighty may be asceitJined, without prejudice
to those of the same date who may be examined hereafter.
Mr. McLANE briefly advocated his amend-
ment, on the ground that the provisions of the law
which required the number of passed midshipmen
receiving pay to be limited to one hundred and
eighty, could not be complied with until the rank
of those to be examined could be ascertained; if
the amendment should take effect and result in
completing the number, while some were still ab-
sent on distant cruises, and could not be examined
during the present year, still no injustice would
ultimately be done, because on their return they
could be examined next year, and those who were
entitled to full pay as passed midshipmen would
then get what they were entitled to receive.
The question being put, the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. McLane was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Bayly, as amended by Mr. Pollock, it
was negatived.
Mr. T. BUTLER KING offered the following
amendment, to come in as a new section of the
bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for prepanng for publiea-
tion, from the observations made at the National Observa-
tory, the American Nautical Almanac, to be calculated lor
the meridian of Washington,six thousand dollars, including
fifteen hundred dollars for the pay of the superintendent of
the same, in addition to the pay of a lieutenant in the navy,
be, and the same is hereby appropriated, out of Imy money
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated: Piovid<d, Said
superintendent shall be either a captain, commander," or
lieutenant m the navy of the United Suites: Jlnd provided
furthery That the Sccretaiy of the Navy small cause copies
of this work to be sold at the cost of publication, with the
addition of ten percent.
-Mr. COBB inquired whether there was any ex-
isting law to authorize this expenditure?
Mr. KING replying in the negative—
Mr. COBB read the rule prohibiting the inser-
tion in appropriation bills of anything not autho-
rized by previous law, &c.
The CHAIR explained, that although his per-
sonal opinion coincided perfectly with that of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] yet, on ex-
aining the precedents, he found that matters for-
bidden by the rule had so often been admitted and
inserted by votes of the House, that he had felt
himself constrained to bow to the decisions of the
House rather than follow his own judgment. He
therefore ruled the amendment to be in order.
From this decision Mr. Cobb took an appeal.
Mr. McCLELLAND supported the appeal.
The precedents to which the Chair referred had
been admitted when no objection had been made;
but whenever the items were opposed under the
rule, the authority of the rule had been always
recognized and submitted to.
1 The Chair again stated, that in his opinion, va-
i rious amendments which had been inserted were
! all out of order; but as the authorities were the
| other way, he had admitted them to be in order;
i and on that ground he made a similar decision
i in the present case, and decided the amendment of
i the gentleman from Georgia, the chairman of the
Naval Committee, [Mr. King,] to be in order.
The question being taken on a count by tellers,
the decision of the Chair (which had yesterday
been affirmed) was now reversed, and so Mr.
King's amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. KING then moved an amendment making
provision for the naval school at Annapolis.
Mr. COBB urged the same objection; but
Mr. KING explaining that these appropriations
were for a school already established by law—
The CHAIR mled them to be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK proposed an amendment, that
he might offer some remarks. He went on to say
that the committee presented a singular spectacle.
Here was an attempt by one part of the. House to
assume to itself all the power of the body. In this
case the.particular items now proposed to be in-
serted had been omitted to be sent to the Naval
Committee in time for insertion in the original bill,
because it was known that the committee were
fully aware that they were necessary, and were
well acquainted witii the whole subject of this naval
school. They were now moved by order of the
Naval Committee of the House, and, in conformity
to all usage and precedent, were strictly in order,
and ought to be admitted. Mr. S. supported this
position by quoting numerous precedents from the
naval bill of last year,nearly one-half of which, he
said, had been made up of just such amendments
as were now so vehemently opposed. In fact, this
very naval school was itself authorized and estab-
lished under an amendment in the naval appropria-
tion bill.
Having quoted various items which had been in-
serted, Mr. S. withdrew his motion to amend.
Mr. COBB having renewed it, replied. The
gentleman from Ohio seemed to think that Mr. C.. s
opposition to the amendment proposed by the
chairman of the Naval Committee involved dis-
respect to the committee, but the fact was not so;
there was none intended or fairly deducible from
the objections he had urged from the rules of the
House. The chairman of the committee himself
[Mr. Kino] did not so consider the matter; and
Mr C should continue to insist on his point of
order, and endeavor to protect the appropriation
bills from beingloaded down with irrelevant and
improper amendments prohibited by the rules of
