84*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the House. The purpose and sole end of an ap-
propriation bill was to draw money from the treas-
ury to pay for objects authorized by existing laws.
This was its sole legitimate purpose. But if all
matters of general legislation were in order as
amendments, there need be no other bills intro-
duced, because the whole legislation of Congress
ttiight becarried on by inserting, one after another,
alk laws in an appropriation bill. If.the doctrine
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was
.sound, syhat could be out of order in the bill now
under consideration ? The committee at that rate
"Kiight insert in this naval appropriation bill all the
. private bills the calendar, all pending bills for
internal improvements, and everything else which
the public service might be deemed to require.
Where was it to end ?
Mr. C. was for adhering to'the theory of the
rule, and keeping out of these bills everything but
thfe simple appropriation of money for objects
already sanctioned by law. If the Naval Com-
mittee, and the Military Committee, and the Com-
mittee 9f Claims, and all the other standing com-
mittees of the House might propose their several
amendments, including all the business referred to
them, and all were to be admitted as in order, the
House wanted but this one bill to cover all the
business of the session. "Where were they now?
Near the close of the session, and the first appro-
priation bill not yet passed; while days on days
were wasted in discussing amendments in the face
of the" rules of the House. Gentlemen talked about
precedents, but precedents were of no foice when
they went to overturn the order of business, and
abrogate the rules of order. Mr. C. withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. "WENTWORTH renewed it—
When Mr. SAWYER rose to order,contending
tli.at this practice of making motions to amend,
frierely for the purpose of getting in five minutes'
speeches, under the new rule, and then withdraw-
ing them, was a clear violation of the spirit of the
rule, and ought to be put a stop to.
The CHAIR observed, that the rules of the
Hou-e were ceitainly liable to abuse if members
chose to abuse them. But unless a member avowed
that he offered an amendment merely as a pretext
to make a speech, the Chair could not rule his
amendment out of order, if the amendment itself
came within the rules, because every member had a
right to propose an amendment, and to speak in
support of it for the space of five minutes; but the
Chair was not disposed to countenance the abuse
alluded to.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether it
would- be in order for him to reply to the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] in the saijje strain
in which he had made his remarks?
The CHAIR replied that it would not; gentle-
men must confine themselves to explaining and
supporting the amendments which they should
move.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend by inserting
"and one additional magazine," and he was then
going on to speak of the improper attempt to con-
trol the right of offering amendments—
When the CHAIR called inm to order for irrele-
vancy,
A desultory and somewhat refractory discussion
now took place between Mr. SCHENCK and the
, which ended in Mr, S.'s giving notice to
the riouse that he should certainly, if not now, at
some future time, fully express his opinion of the
attempt on the part of one portion of the House to
absorb everything, and confine it within the con-
trol of one committee alone.
The CHAIR, called Mr. Schenck to order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I give notice of such
a speech. [A iau^h.]
Mr. KING, of Georgia, claimed to retain the
floor; and having briefly urged the propriety of his
amendment for the naval school—
The question was taken, arid the amendment
wavS agreed to: Ayes 81, noes 48.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the following as
an additional section:
Beitfurther enacted, That, in making purchases of shoes
aufl pumps foi tiie u u of the navy, ttieSeeietary of tiie Navy-
be, and hereby is. authorized to purchase of those .mrcies
manufactured at the United Starts penitentiary in the Dis-
tuct of Columbia, not evccediug five thousand pairs per an-
num; ptovitied tiiev sijaJi be of suitable quality, and fur-
nished at a$ low a rate as the contractor for tiie time being,
shall have stipulated to furnish tiie said articles respectively".!
• The amendment * as ruled out of order.
Mr, KING, of Georgia, moved the following as
an additional section at the end of the bill:
Beit further enacted, That, in execution of the act ap-
proved March 3, 1847, making appiopriauons for the n.ival
service, &e , directing, among other Ming.*, the con ti uction
of floating diy docks at the navy-yatds aL Philadelphia, Fen-
saeola, and Kiuery, and in pursuance ol the reports in ravor
of the two plans heieiuafter naun d as best adapted to naval
purposes, made by a hoard oi ofjicers appoinied to examine
all the plans, and by the Bureau of Yards and Docks, the
Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed forthwith to enter
into acontract with Samuel 0. JJakin and Rutherford Moody
for tiie complete construction, within a reasonable time trom
the dale of the contract, of a sectional floating dry dock,
basin, and railways at the jnavy-yaid at Philadelphia, accord-
ing to the plan and specifications submitted b> them to the
Navj Department; and alto to enter into a contract with
John S. Gilbert and Zeno Seeor for the complete constiue-
Uon, within a reasonable time from the date of the contract,
of a balance floating dry dock, batiii, and raiJwajs at the
navy-j ard at Pen^acola, according to the plans and specifi-
cations submitted by them to the Navy Department; and
also to enter into a contract with one or the other of the
respective parties above named, foi the complete construc-
tion, within a reasonable tunc from the datw ot the eontiact,
at the navy-yard at Kittery, of a floating dry dock, ba-in,
and railways, upon either of the above-named plans that the
s-aid S-cretary may preier as best adapted to &aid yard ; the
said works at each yard to be of the largest dimensions pio-
posed in said plans and specifications: Provided, That in
each ca->e s-uch contract can be made at such prices as shall
not exceed by two per cent, the pi ices which have been sub-
mitted by either ot the said proprietors to the Navy Depart-
ment for a floating dry dock on either of said plans, and lor
the ba-in and railways of the dimensions aforesaid, at any
ot the said navy-} aids: *And provided further, That the saiu
Secretary shall also, by further contract with said partie*,
enlarge the dimensions ot said woiks at each yard to a
capacity sufficient for docking war-steamers of the largest
c-ltuss, at lea->t tbiee hundred and fifty feet in length, if the
dimensions above-mentioned should not be found adequate
tor that purpose.
Be it farther enacted, That the &um of four hundred thou-
sand dollais is hereby appropriated towards said works from
any money in the treasury not otherwise appiopriated;
which sum,togetherwith the sums that remain unexpended
of the appropriation made b> said act of March 3, 1847, for
floating dry (locks at the three navi-yards aforesaid, shall
be applied towards the payments to be provided form the
said contracts, and be equally divided between the said con-
tracts for the  aid works at the three navy-yards afinesaid.
Mr. K. said it would be recollected by the com-
mittee that the House passed, at the last session of
Congress, an amendment to the navy appropriation
bill of $350,000 for the construction of dry docks
at Perisacola, Ktttery, and Philadelphia. The
Secretary, however, had not been authorized to go
on and contract for their construction, and this
authority it was now proposed to give, and also
to appropriate $400,000 in addition to the appro-
priation of last session, with which a very Jar^e
amount of materials had been purchased. The
estimates sent in by the patentees for these docks
were quite reasonable.
He would not attempt to enter into a discussion
of the merits of these floating docks. The subject
had been much discussed, and he supposed all'the
members were familiar with it. It was a fact,
however, that we had not no w a single st&ne dock of
sufficient length and capacity to take in steamers
of the largest class; and the dock now building in
New York would barely receive the large steamers
constructing m that city for the mail service; and
if Mr. Collins had made his steamer three hundred
feet keel, the dock now constructing there, at an
expense of a million and a half of dollars, would
not have received it. He referred to the destitu-
tion of docks at the places sought to be provided
for, and to their great importance there, especially
in time of war; and glanced at the superiority of
these sectional floating docks with railway base-
ments, which were so made as to be capable of
being enlarged so as to hold vessels of any size.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan,.moved to amend
the amendment by adding: Provided, in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Navy: it ought to
be done," Rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Kino was then agreed
to.
Mr. KING moved another amendment to add
at the end of the bill as follows:
Be it further mactal, That, immediately after the pas-
sage of this net, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
N,tvy to advertise, m the manner preseubed by law, lor Pro-
posals tor the transportation of the United Stales >.n,i fL,
Philadelphia, New York, or Boston, to France m
steamships of not less than twenty-four hundred tons bur-
den each, and Mutable in all respects to be convened in the
shortest possible time and at the least pracmS co, i w
war-Sleamers of the first class; the p^po.alt to stut'e h2
nod of LS 1>er h""r' an" t0 embrace a Pe-
. 5 , „ service; one ship p-r annum to be fur-
nished-dnting the first five years, and as many trips to be
pel formed as the number of ships will admit of and not
iSWT'S TV"* to b« °s
tne last live jearo. It shall also be the duty of the Seere
wry of the Navy to advertise, in like manner, for similar
proposals for the transportation of the United States mail
tioni eilhei of the above ports in the United estates to
Antwerp, in Be-l^iuni, to extend to the port of' GluiWisiadf,
at Hie month ol the Elbe, during those months of the year
that the navigation of Hie North ;>ea m-av be considered safe.
All said proposals to be retuied to tins House at its next se^-
siou; and the sum ot one Innnhed dollars be, and the ,-ame
is hereby, appropriated to dclruy the expenses of this adver-
tisement.
Be it further enacted, That, until said proposals shall
have been received and acted on by this House the Secre
tary of the Navy may contract wttli Captain 'charles H.
Marshall and his associates for the transportation of the
United States mail from N'ewYork to Havre, in their tteain
ship the " United States," once a month each way; provided
the turn to be paid shall not exceed ihe puce authorized bv
law to lie paid, prorata for each ship to be employed to
E. K. Colhns ami his associates for the transportation of ihe
United States mail from New York to Liverpool; said «hin
to be commanded by an officer of the navy not hi-low the
grade of lieutenant, and to receive four passed midshipmen
on board as watch officers, who -.hall be suitably ac( onuno-
rtated without charge to the Government; said ofiiiers to
be selected by the owner or owners of said slop with tile
consent of the Secretary of the Wavy.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment having for its object the commutation
of the spirit rations in the navy, but in different
form from his amendment offered yesterday. He
referred to the action of Congress on this subject
last year—to theprecisely similaramendment which
then passed the House, giving six cents commuta-
tion; to its passage in the Senate, through the
committee and through that body, with an addi-
tional clause appropriating a sum for these com-
mutations, which was referred to the Committee of
Conference of the two Houses, on which his friend
from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] had succeeded
in recommending a reduction of the commutation
to three cents, which was finally agreed to by both
Houses. He proceeded to argue that the larger
commutation would operate as a more powerful
inducement to the sailors, and would be sufficient
to bring most of them voluntarily to abandon the
use of spirits. He caused a letter to be read front
Dr. Smith, and referred to the testimony of other
physicians in the navy in regard to the reduction
of crimes in consequence of the discontinuance of
the use of liquors. He had also conversed with a
large number of navy officers, not one of whom
expressed an unfavorable opinion to this amend-
ment.
Mr. MURPHY moved to amend the amendment
by appropriating §150,000 for the commutations.
He said it was useless to adopt the amendment
unless they provitled the means to pay the com-
mutations. There were 8,500 sailors in the naval
service, whose rations cost one cent.; it was now
proposed to commute by giving them six cents;
this would of course increase the expense to the'
Government five cents per day for each man.
Mr. ROCKWALL said that the appropriation
now made was for three cents.
Mr. MURPHY (continuing) said that five cents
each for 8,500 seamen would amount to something-
rooie than $150,000; and if gentlemen were desi-
rous to vote for the commutation, they must, as a
matter of course, appropriate to meet it. He was
sorry the amendment had not gone further. He
thought three-fourths of the flogging in the navy
resulted not from drunken men, but from drunken
officers; they went to their private stores, became
excited, and came out and imagined all kinds of
insults; and this fact was confirmed by observation
—the greater or less frequency of flogging on dif-
ferent vessels being apportioned to the more or less
temperate character of their officers.
The amendment of Mr. Murphy to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend the amendment
by adding a provision that corporal punishment be
abolished in the navy. Ruled out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an amendment as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of Mr. Rockwell, pro-
viding that hereafter the amount of the money com-
mutations allowed by law in lieu of spirit rations
be increased to six cents.
Mr. ROCKWELL accepted this, and modified
his amendment accordingly.
The amendment was then agreed to: Aves 81.
noes 39. 3
Mr. BRO"WN, of Pennsylvania, offered an
amendment, the provisions of winch he explained
to be these; passed midshipmen now received #750;
when promoted to masters they received if
a lieutenant on board died, the master was obliged
to act in his place, and, instead of getting his $£,300,
dropped down to $750, while the junior midship-
