844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
liafl not been in the service long enough to meet
the enemy on the same footing with those who had
gone through the war. . . .
Mr, WEBSTER made a brief rejoinder as to
«he difficulty of partial legislation in such matters,
which, while it might include some that had not
worked <|Uite as hard for the glory of their coun-
try, or-suffered as much as others, still might ex-
•dude others of great merit. There might, perhaps,
be some five hundred men who had never seen the
enemy; but he would not exclude those who had,
by any phraseology which would produce injus-
tice to a single soldier. The whole was a bounty
and grace, and should operate in such manner as
to reach -all who showed a disposition to exert
themselves in the service of the Government. If
it embraced a few who might be regarded as less
deserving, it was nothing.
The question was then postponed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the bill relating to the naturaliza-
tion laws, with an amendment,
Mr. BERRIEN explained the amendment-, and
asked the Senate to proceed now to the considera-
tion of the subject.
' Mr. WESTCOTT expressed a hope that the
irllt would be postponed till Monday, and that the
-bill a-nd amendment be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that tin til the subject
had Been brought to his notice, about a month ago,
lie had oot been aware of the precise operation of
the existing laws. He hoped the Senator from
Florida would permit the amendments to be con-
curred in, or not, as the Senate might determine.
The bill would then be reduced to a simple form,
embracing only some ten lines, which every one
■wouid understand. Then, if there should be found
any difficulty, the bill might lie over.
Mr. WESTCOTT had some doubts as to the
propriety of one of the amendments, which ap-
peared to him to interfere with the local laws of
the States as to aliens, and might affect the title to
property by devise.
Mr. CALHOUN said the bill was a very im-
portant one, and, as he had no idea that it would
come up to-aay, he was not prepared to give his
opinion. He hoped it would not now*be pressed.
Mr. WEBSTER repeated his desire that the
amendments, which strike out the greater portion
of the original bill, should be agreed to. Senators
would then be able to understand the character of
the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to strike out the pre-
amble.
Mr. WEBSTER. Agreed.
The further consideration of the bill was then
t>ostp<ynedi till Monday,and, with the amendments,
ordered to be printed.
The following is the bill as amended by the
Committee on the Judiciary:
Be it enacted, #c., That tlic children of the citizens of the
United States, t>orn out of thn limits and jurisdiction of the
United States, gsluiH be considered as citizens of the!" United
• 8latb«>: Provided, That the rights of citizenship shall not
descend to persons whoso fathers never have been residents
in the United States.
Sec. 2. Jliid be it further enacted, That every woman mar-
ried, or who shall be married to a citizen of the United
Stages, and shall continue to reside therein, shall be deemed
and taken to be a citizen of the United States.
Mr* NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office a«d Post Roads, reported House bill for the
relief of William Fuller and Orlando Saltmarsh,
without amendment, and recommending its pas-
sage.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the better organiza-
tion of the district court of the United States within
the State of Louisiana; which was read a first
time.
Mr. BUTLER also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of the in-
habitants of Winnebago county, Illinois, asking
that two slaves sold to satisfy a judgment in favor
•of the United States may be refunded to the pur-
chaser, and tiiat that species of property may be
prohibited from being sold for debt, accompanied
by a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting to the State of
Michigan a right of way and a donation of public
Unds for the construction of a ship canal around
the falls of Ste. Marie; which was read a first
t&fe.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John Gr.
Mackatl, accompanied by a report; which was
ordered to' be printed. The bill was read a first
time.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bill supplemental to an act
to confirm the survey and location of claims for
lands in theState of Mississippi,east ofPearl river
and south of the 31st degree of north latitude, ap-
proved March 3, 1845, without amendment, and
recommending its passage.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the bill to divide the district of
Arkansas into two judicial districts, accompanied
by a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
j Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution of the Legislature
of Tennessee, in favor of compensating certain
companies of mounted volunteers, and that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
-Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, asked for the printing of certain
documents in relation to the Indian relations of
of Texas; which was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the claim of Ann B.
Cox.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER,
Resolved, Tiiat, to provide accommodations for the horses
and wagons employedin the service of the Senate,the Com-
missioner of the Public Buildings cause a stable to be built on
the public ground near the Capitol; and that tlm expense
theieof, not to exceed five hundred dollars, be paid out of
the contingent fund of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
Resolved, Tiiat there be printed, for the use of the Topo-
graphical Buieau, one hundred copies of Fremont's map of
Lower California, and ttie same number ot Fremont's
geographical memoir, in illustration ol his map of Upper
California.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform the Senate
what number of recnuts have been enlisted in the army
during the war with Mexico within the last ninety dajs.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Mangum, was taken up and agreed to:
OrJetetJ. That twenty thousand copies of ihe proceedings
of the Senate in Executive session on the treat}- with Mex-
ico, and of the documents from which the injunction of
secrecy has been removed by the resolutions of the Senate
ot the 31<t May and the 2d instant, be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Badger, was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That thei e be pi inted, for the use of the Senate,
 copies or Executive document No. 60 of the House of
Representatives of the presentsession, without the Mexican
Avar correspondence.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN read from a manuscript be-
fore him, an argument in favor of his amendment,
' which was also supported by Mr. BORLAND,
Mr. RUSK, Mr. ATCHISON; and it was op-
posed by Mr, ATHERTON and Mr. BENTON;
when the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported as amended.
The amendments reported by the Committee on
Finance were concurred in.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee—
Mr. HUNTER resisted this amendment in. a
speech of some length, in which he repeated all
the remarks which had been before urged against
the amendment.
Mr. BADGER objected to this innovation on
the usage of the Senate, by reviving a question
which had been regarded as settled.
Mr. BERRIEN said a few words in defence of
the character of Colonel Hanson, who had acted
between the United States and the Indians.
Mr. BELL replied to Mr. HUNTER, reiter-
ating all that he had before said in favor of the
amendment.
Before any question was taken on the amend-
ment, the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned till to-morrow.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the following joint resolution from the House, and
it:
A JOINT RESOLUTION to legulate the discharge and
payment ot the temporary troops returning from the Mex-
ican war.
Be it resolved, fyc., That, on the restoration of peace with
Mexico, by a treaty of peace duly ratified arid proclaimed,
all the military forces of the United States, whether volun-
teer's, regulars, or the marine corps, who, by law or the
terms of their engagements, are to he discharged at thp closo
ofthe war, shall, under the direction of the President of the
United States, be transported or marched, with the least
practicable delay, to such posts or places in the United
States as may be least expensive and. may be most conve-
nient to the troops; and at ?uch places they shall be dis-
charged from the service of the United States; and that,
until they shall respectively reach such places and be die-
charged, the officers and men shall be considered, paid, and
treated as in the service of the United States, in tbe same
mannet as if the war had not closed.
After which, the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business, and, after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 16, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved*
, Mr. VINTON asked that the naval appropria-
tion bill might be put upon its passage, and on
that motion he moved the previous question.
Mr. McKAY said he objected ^to that motion
yesterday, and he should d% so again to-day. His
object was to have that bill recommitted. The bill
was framed on the supposition that the war would
continue another year. Both this and the military
bill were framed for a war establishment, and not
for one of peace.
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman from
North Carolina objected, the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio coukl not be entertained.
Mr. McKAY said he wished simply to make a
statement and not a speech. He did not desire to
offer any factious opposition to this bill.
Mr, ASHMUNcalled the gentleman from North
Carolina to order.
Mr. McKAY said, if he could not be permitted
to make hiss statement, he should not withdraw his
opposition to the third reading of this bill.
The SPEAKER stated the substance of the rule
which prevented the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio being received at this time without unanimous
consent; and as objection was made, it was not
received.
Mr. VINTON said he was instructed by the
Committee of "Ways and Means to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. ROCKWELL said that he was instructed
by the Committee of Claims to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the private calendar.
The motion of Mr. Rockwell was not agreed
to, the vote being 62 in the affirmative, and 64 in
the negative.
FORTIFICATIONS.
The House then resolved itself into Committtee
of the Whole on thestate of the Union, (Mr. Tall-
madge, of New York, in the chair,) and took up
the u bill making appropriations for certain forti-
fications of the united States for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1849/'
The bill was read through, and was then taken
up by sections for amendment.
Mr. STANTON" said he desired to address the
committee for a short time in support of the pro-
visions of the bill which had been just read; and
he should take occasion to make a few remarks in
reply to some observations which had fallen from
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. At-
kinson,] some days since, in reference to himself,
(Mr. S.,) and the votes he had given for some pro-
visions and amendments which were made to the
naval appropriation bill. He believed it was the
practice of this Government to direct officers of the
armyand the navy atdifferent fortifications and na-
val stations to make observations of a meteorologi-
cal character; and,asitwasonasubjectof that kind
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Atkinson]
took occasion to make the remarks to which he
referred in relation to himself, (Mr. Stanton,) he
believed it would be in order to make some reply
while this bill was before the committee. The
j specific appropriation to which the honorable gen-
' tleman addressed his remarks was that of two
thousand dollars, intended to be for the payment
of the salary of Professor Espy, who was to be
employed in the Navy Department to compare and
classify the results of the observations on meteoro-
logical science.
The CHAIRMAN inquired if the gentleman
from Tennessee was speaking to an amendment
