THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Ses
FRIDAY, JUKE 23, 1848.
New Series No. 54.
Mr. McKAY opposed the appropriation, on the
ground that nothing had been a&ked for this work
by the War Department, and befotfe a new work
should be commenced the House had always re-
quired that it be reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania asked the modest sum of one hundred thou-
sand dollars for this unauthorized work, while the
whole amount provided in the bill, for all the for-
tifications of the United States, was but five hun-
dred and thil'ty thousand dollars. If the amend-
ment were admitted at all, the sum should be re-
duced. He mpved to reduce it to forty thousand
dollars; which was agreed to.
The question then recurring on Mr. Ingersoll's
amendment as thus amended, after several further
propositions to amend, the proposition of Mr. I.
was rejected.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to strike out the last item
in the bill, for the building of a sea-wall round
Brewster's Island,in Boston harbor, on theground
that this was not an appropriation for a fortifica-
tion, but for a* harbor improvement.
The item is as follows:
For the protection of great Brewster's Island, and security
anit defence of the principal ship channel in the harbor o<
Boston, Massachusetts, §40,000.
Mr. VINTON briefly explained the ground on
which it had been inserted in the hill. Brewster's
Island was a site selected for a fort for >he defence
of Boston harbor, but the currents were fast sweep-
ing itaway and filling up the adjacent channel; the
sea-wall was to pievent this, and secure the site
for a future fortification. A prolonged and desul-
tory debate ensued, in which Messrs. FICKLIN,
VINTON, SAWYER, JONES of Tennessee,
HUDSON, McKAY, McCLELLAND, GRIN-
NELL, MARVIN, POLLOCK, BURT, and
ASHMUN, took part.
The appropriation was advocated on theground
that it was not a new work, but one which had
been contained in former bills; that though not
directly for the erection of a fort, it was to preserve
from destruction an island immediately adjoining
the channel which led uptoCharlestown navy-yard,
the dry dock, &.c., being one of the points laid
down in a plan for the defence of Boston harbor
for the erection of a fortification. Unless the
gradual abrasion of this island were not prevented,
(and the currents had already carried away about
one-fifth of it,) the channel would be choked up,
and if a fort were ever buiit there, the expense of
erecting it would be vastly increased, as its founda-
tions would have to be laid under water. It was
reported by the engineers, and the Secretary had
sent estimates for the work to the Committee of
"Ways and Means.
The appropriation was opposed on the ground
that this item had no proper place in a fortification
bill, because it was not for the erection of any fort
or other military work whatever, but merely for
the protection of an island and a channel in Boston
harbor. It was m fact a harbor improvement,
and as such had formerly been inserted m the river
and harbor bill wh>ch had received the Executive
veto. It would be found in the harbor bill of the
present session,and had never been in a fortifica-
tion bill before; and one gentleman [Mr. McClll-
land] wished it to remain in the harbor bill still;
so that if the Executive should veto the western
harbors, he might be compelled to do "the same on
the seaboard; while another was for excluding it,
lest the whole bill should be vetoed on account of
it.
Besides, the island belonged to the State of Mas-
sachusetts, and no.t to the United States, and this
was therefore no legitimate subject of Congres-
sional legislation; and, if otherwise, still there was
no law authorizing the erection of a fort upon it.
No such measure had been submitted to th'e Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved to insert
$50,000 instead of $40,000 in' this item. He moved
the amendment simply for the purpose of saying
that this appropriation was necessary for the de-
fence of Boston. It was strictly a military appro-
priation, and could not be considered anything
54
else. By the War Department it had been con-
sidered necessary to have two batteries on Brew-
ster's Island, but within a few years two or three
acres of that island had been washed away. The
island itself had very little intrinsic value for pri-
vate purposes. Jt was only valuable to the Govern-
ment, whose fortifications protected Boston harbor,
and the great amount of public property at the
Charlestown navy-yard, including the naval hos-
pital, the marine hospital, the dry dock, and all
the naval effects. It was not because the mercan-
tile interest required this appropriation that it was
asked for, but because it was necessary to the
complete military defence of Boston harbor. On
concluding he withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PALFREY", having moved an amendment,
i said he was well satisfied that gentlemen who ob-
jected to this appropriation on the ground that it
was an appropriation merely for the security of
and to afford facilities to commerce, and that it was
not a part of the military defences of the country,
had in some manner failed to inform themselves of
the facts of the case. There was nothing more
distinctly plain than the fact that this appropria-
tion was essentially a part of the appropriations
for the military defence of Boston harbor. He
argued this question aUsome length, showing that
the erection of a wall at the place which had been
designated was necessaiy also for the protection of
the channel. If the channel should not be pro-
tected, he said vessels entering the harbor would
no longer be subject to the control of the expensive
works which the Government had already erected
there; he could not, therefore, see how this appro-
priation could with any reason be objected to. He
also called attention to the point presented by his
colleague, [Mr. King,] who argued that it was
necessary for the defence of the Government prop-
erty at the Charlestown navy-yard.
Mr. FICKLIN contended that the purpose for
which this appropriation was required partook of
the character of a harbor improvement, and there-
fore it did not belong to this bill. If, however,
this wefe not so, it was for a fortification which
had not as yet been authorized by law, and in this
case also it was out of order. But again: if the
channel was or would be closed, as gentlemen had
contended, that would be an ample protection of
the public property against a foreign enemy, and
furnished a reply to the argument based on the ne-
cessity to protect public property there.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, also argued in
favor of the appropriation, on the ground that it
was necessary to the military defence of the har-
bor.
Mr. MARVIN entered into some reminiscences
of the manner in which appropriations were made
for rivers and harbors in times past, and spoke of
the change which had been brought about in that
respect in these modern times. He said he had
no idea of permitting this Administration to steal
a march on this House, and spread along our coast
fortification after fortification, when at the same
time the commerce of the country was entirely
neglected.
Mr. WICK moved to reduce the appropriation
to one thousand dollars. He made this motion, he
said, for the same reason which should control his
vote adverse to the passage of the bill. The time
had come when, with the exceptions of temporary
field-works, constructed to facilitate operations in
a campaign, and permanent fortifications at a very
few prominent points, fortifications, like a national
bank, have become an obsolete idea—a relic of the
dark ages. The use of steam-vessels^ had super-
seded them. By their use an army could be land-
ed, even on a lee shore, within a lew miles of the
forts, and surround them, steam enabling vessels
of light draught to approach sufficiently near a
shoai and lee shore to land troop3. All this had
been done and demonstrated on the landing of our
army at Vera Cruz. He would vote against any
fortification bill appropriating sums beyond what
was necessary to preserve forts as they now are.
This amendment was for a fort not yet begun. He
would begin no new works. He was prepared to
attack the bill in an hour's speech; but, as he was
restricted to five minutes, he must be content with
thus hinting at his objections to the system of
fortifications as heretofore carried on. This sys-
tem, before the use of steam vessels, was proper;
but now it amounted to little else than a scheme
for eviscerating the treasury and the promotion of
private jobbing.
Mr. CLARK, of Kentucky, also opposed the
proposed appropriation. He objected to it because
it ^as for a fortification which was not yet com-
menced. He asked if there was money in the
Federal treasury from which this sum could be
paid? The country was already involved in an
enormous debt, and they knew that from.<lay to
day the bonds of the Government were hawked
in the market. Early in the session, they were
told that no one desired the Government to become
a borrower; more especially the Government ought
not to borrow for the purposes of internal improve-
ment when it could not provide the means of de-
fence. This was an appropriation for the improve-
ment of a harbor, and it should be placed on the
same footing with river improvements. He ob-
jected to this entering wedge, believing that this.
Government had no power to make such appro-
priations.
The question finally recurring on the motion of
Mr. BOWLIN", to strike out the item for Brew-
ster's Island, &.c., it was decided, on a count by
tellers, in the negative: Ayes 68, noes 76.
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment appro-
priating for sea-walls on islands in the harbor of
St. Louis. But—
The CHAIR ruled it to be out of order.
Mr. BOWLIN appealed; but the committee
sustained the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved to
increase the appropriation in the bill for the preser-
vation of Fort Moultrie, in the harbor of Charles-
ton, and supported his motion by a letter from an
engineer, describing the abrasion of the island on
which the fort stands, and the danger of its found-
ations being seriously injured.
After opposition by Messrs. FARAN and
HALL, of New York, the amendment was car-
ried.
Mr. FARAN proposed to add a proviso to the
appropriation for Brewster's Island, in Boston
harbor, which he modified at the suggestion of
Messrs. FICKLIN and HUDSON, providing that
the United States should first be in possession of
a good and valid title to so much of the island as
was needed for the erection of a fort.
This was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN moved a further proviso that the
money should not be expended till the Secretary
of War was satisfied that it was for a work pre-
viously authorized by law.
This was negatived.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved an
amendment to add at the end of the bill the fol-
lowing: >
For rebuilding Fort Delaware, on the Pea Patch Island,
in the river Delaware, $30,000.
Mr. H. briefly glanced at the history of the pub-
lic works on this island, their destruction by fire
many years ago, the cession of the island by Dela-
ware on the express condition that fortifications
should be kept up, and urged this appropriation,
as, though small, highly useful as the beginning of
works highly necessary, and which Congress must
appropriate more largely for at the next session,
to redeem its plighted faith to the State of Dela-
ware. This bill did not contain a solitary cent for
the defence of the river Delaware, or of the States
of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware,
which were so deeply interested, and that river
and those States had been left absolutely unpio-
tected for the last fifteen years, m consequence of
the dispute which had arisen with reference to the
title to the Pea Patch Island, winch had now been
so happily settled. _
The. amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved to amend
by adding the following:
For the purpose of ewotins fortifications and establishing
