1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
s'on of the Creek Indian hostilities of 1836 and
1837 in Alabama, and for other purposes, reported
the same back to the House with an amendment,
which was read.
Mr. CHAPMAN said this bill included a pro-
vision in which several other States? as weil as Ala-
bama were interested. As passed by the Senate,
it authorized a settlement of the accounts of sev-
eral States for expenditures made during the late
war with Great Britain, It would be recollected
by the House, that there were some outstanding
questions of considerable interest and importance
between several of the States of this Union and
the General Government, for expenditures made
by them during the war of 1812. Maryland was
one of those States. The Treasurer of Maryland
and the Treasury Department of the General Gov-
ernment, for several years had been endeavoring
to adjust upon principles of equity the differences
existing between them. The bill which had passed
the Senate contained a provision which autho-
rized the settlement of these Accounts on principles
of equity. He understood the amendment leport-
ed, and now befoie the House, precluded the set-
tlement of any of these accounts except those of
the State of Alabama. If he was misinformed,
he hoped the gentleman from Alabama would cor-
rect him.
The bill and amendment having been read at his
request, Mr. C. moved to refer them to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said the bill as
originally brought forward, applied alone to the
Stale of Alabama; but, by an amendment which
was made in the Senate, upon motion of a Senator
from Maryland, it was extended so as to apply to
all of the States which had made advances m the
late war with Great Britain. The Committee of
Ways and Means (of the House) were unani-
mously opposed to incorporating in this bill any
general provision bringing up all of the loans and
advances made by the various States to the Gov-
ernment during the war of 1812.
The most, if not all of those States had received
interest on their advances; but, m every instance,
without exception—so far^3 the committee could
aseertain*-the interest was paid under a special
enactment of Congress, for the particular State
making the application. By examination, it would
be found that New York, New Jersey, Delaware,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Maryland, and, he
believed, every one of the States that had advanced
money for, or loaned money to, the United States,
had received interest for it, under a special act, in
each case.
In 1826 Maryland had received over $66,500 of
interest upon an advance of some $202,000, and,
if his memory had not failed him, he believed two
acts had already been passed for her benefit. He
did not intend now to discuss the merits of the
claim brought forward by Maryland. Hi£ object
was to let each case stand or fall upon its own
merits. Alabama needed no prop in this matter,
further than fairness and justice required from her
sister States. Her claim was a just one; and all
she wanted was, that it should be adjudicated—
that Congress should now hear it. In her case,
the facts were before the House. There could be
wo fear of legislating in the dark. It was very
fully made out. S«ch had been the universal and
uninterrupted practice of Congress heretofore with
the other States; and he asked the same for Ala-
bama. Such was not the case with Maryland's
present claim. She had presented us no facts.
Her case (if any she has) was not made out; and
it was unfair for her to attempt to fasten it to a
case so clear and so eminently just, and deserving
of the speedy action ofCongiess as was that of
Alabama.
In 1826 Maryland was allowed her interest.
She in that year had two settlements, or partial
settlements, with this Government for interest—
the last one m December of that year—more than
ten years after the close of the war; and if a greater j:
sum was then due to her, why did she not collect |j
it? why did she not bring in her claihi for it? why j!
did she not demand it? We were bound to pre- ij
same that she received at that time all she claimed, j
Her settlement was of record. Again: It had been j
more than the third of a century since, the advance j
was made upon which she now claims interest. I;
and almost a qiurrpr of a century since her fornitr
settlement with this Government was made for [i
interest. And he would like to know why she IJ
had so long slept upon "her rights. Did she not
know, when she made her other settlements, that
her present claim was due? If she did, why has
it been held up or neglected so long? Can the
gentleman from Maryland point to any bill or
proposition which any of Maryland's represent-
atives had brought foi ward for it? If so, he would
like to see it. It is only brought forward in this
instance, as an amendment to the hill for the benefit
of Alabama, It underwent no supervision or ex-
amination of any committee of the Senate, as he
understood it. it had been unanimously rejected
by the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House; and now he put it to the gentleman from
Maryland, whether Alabama was to be embar-
rassed, and her bill defeated, because, unfortu-
nately, Maryland had thought proper to attempt
to put her claim in the same bill? He hoped not.
He appealed to the Reptesentatives of Maryland
to let their case stand upon us own merits—make
it out by collecting and presenting to Congress the
facts—let Congress see and know whether it is
just or unjust; but do not delay or defeat Alaba-
ma, because your own claim is not ready to be
heard, or your case is not made out. As he had
been able to understand the claim of Maryland, it
was not a claim for interest in truth, on an item
advanced or loaned to the United States, and which
had not been taken into the account m her former
settlement with this Government; but it was an
effort to open the former settlement, and calculate
interest upon a different principle than the one
adopted m the-first settlement, and in that way in-
crease the amount. He had made these remarks,
not with a view to show that Maryland's claim
was unjust, or that it should not be allowed; but
for the purpose of showing that it was not in a
condition to be actcd upon now by Congress—
that it was a contested, disputed claim—and if
persisted m, as an amendment to this bill, that it
would inevitably defeat it, tor the piesentat least.
The claim of Alabama was not disputed. Its jus-
| uce and the necessity of its speedy payment had
I been acknowledged by a unanimous report of the
Finance Committee of the Senate, as well as its
unanimous passage through that body. The same
was true in regard to it in the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House. That committee had
not only stricken out the claim of Maryland with-
out a dissenting voice, but it had also unanimously
agieed to the claim of Alabama, and authorized
him to ask the House to pass it forthwith, without
any other reference of it to any other committee.
Mr. GENTRY asked the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. HoustOxV] if he did not perceive that
he was furnishing an argument which goes con-
clusively to show the propriety of referring this
matter to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where it could alone be discussed*<■
He asked gentlemen who were interested in this
matter to allow it to be referred, and to reserve all
discussion for the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where they could make their
exposition of facts and submit their arguments.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if this bill did not
make an appropriation?
Mr. HOUSTON replied that it did.
Mr. ASHMUN then inquired if it must not
necessarily go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER pro ten. said it must, unless
the House should suspend the rules, or, by unani-
mous consent, allow the bill to be put upon its
passage.
Mr. HOUSTON, in the course of some further
explanations, said he thought, if gentlemen were
acquainted with the facts, they would not resist
Ilia application.
Mr. ASHMUN must still insist on his point of
order—not because he wished to prejudice the bill,
for he had no doubt U had merits; but the 133d rule
of the House required that all proceedings touch-
ing appropriations of money shall be first discussed
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEPHENS said the uniform practice of
the House had been not to allow a discussion on
the merits of a measure which the rule required
should be first discussed in Committee of the
Whole. The motion of the gentleman fiom Ala-
bama [Mr. Hocsto.v] was not now in order with-
out a suspension of that lule.
Mr. HOUSTON said he could not well be in-
duced to believe that those gentlemen who had
made the points of order on him were hostile to
the claim of his State. He regretted their course-—
not that he cared for the points of order raised-—
they could not be sustained—but they indicated a
determination to refer this bill to the state of the
Union, which, at this stage of the session, and,
with the .special orders now on the calendar, he
considered fatal to it. Those gentlemen seemed to
think that Alabama should hold up and take her
chances with the other States in a general bill.
Such had not been the practice of Congress on this
subject; and why, he asked, should they desire to
defeat Alabama, because they are not included in
the same bill? Admitting their claims to be just
and proper ones against this Government, does
that show that because they are not paid, therefore
a claim due to another State, and acknowledged on
all sides to be just, should also be defeated? He
thought not. His lule was to do all the good he
could; and if he could pay one just claim he would
do it, and pay the others as they might be brought
forward and examined.
He had not gone fully into the origin of the ad-
vances of Alabama; they were made from the high-
est considerations of patriotism; they were made
to clothe and feed and sustain the troops called out
by the Government of the United States in 1836
and in 1837, during the Creek Indian hostilities,
and under circumstances and at a time which made
it fall with peculiar hardship upon the State, and
which should recommend it the more urgently to
ihe favorable consideration and speedy action of
this Government. The State had already been a
heavy loser in the transaction. The rigid rules
adopted by the department here had excluded
several thousand dollars, because the vouchers
could not be properly arranged and authenticafd;
the State had paid and must lose that money. She
had had an ag,ent here and at home for several
years, under pay, preparing the vouchers and pre-
senting them to Congress; that had cost her thou-
sands of dollars. This hill had been reported
favorably upon in the Senate several times, and
he could but believe it would be promptly paid.
Upon the very fund out of which Alabama ad-
vanced the money for this Government, she was
now paying interest to this Government. Alabama
had borrowed money of the United States, which
formed a part of her banking capital. Upon that
i she pays interest to this Government, as the agent
! of the Chickasaw tribe of Indians. Out of her
; banksshe drew money and advanced for theUnitrd
: States; and all she wants is to obtain, to get back
i the very interest she has paid and is now paying
i to the United States. He hoped that jthe opposi-
j tion would be withdrawn, and the bill passed.
: Let justice be done; he asked no more; Alabama
! wanted nothing el&e.
| The motion to commit was agreed to.
j A PERSONAL MATTER.
I The SPEAKER pro tem. presented to the House
! a communication from Captain William Ramsay,
| of the United States navy, stating that in the pro-
i ceedings of the House on the 13th instant, as re-
j ported in the National Intelligencer, he found that
1 a petition had been presented which reflected on
j his character, in relation to which he submitted a
j long statement.
j The reading was called for; and, when it was
i partially read, on motion the further readmg was
! dispensed with, and it was referred to the Commit-
j tee on Naval Affairs, to which the petition com-
! plained of had been referred..
! COMMANDER DEKAY's CLAIM.
' Mr. McDOWELL moved a suspension of the
| rules, to enable lam to offer the following resolu-
! tion:
i Jlesohcd, That the Tlouve report, with its accompanying _
joint resolution, autho.izmg the aecouiftmg officers ot the
ue.wurv ch\!g"(t with Uw settlement of the accounts of the
: nan, to hftUr and p.i\ the exp^^es of the tinted K-taus
' t4in) hei recent voyage to Ir.-Uud ai.d toc'£t*
i j.uid. be mad- the special order ot the day for Saturday, the
. 2<th instant, amlso continue until disposed oi.
; On this mo lion Mr. FIOK.J_.lN demanded the
yeas and nays. .
" Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, made a point of order
as to the motion in reference to a bill which was
still in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FICKL1N inquired whether this was not
h bill, in fact, for the relief of Commander Dekay .
; whether this was not a private bill, arid wneuer
[I t|,e motion was anything else than an attempt to
!| take up a private bill out of its order, and in pief-
I erenee to huhdreda of others equally meritorious.-
