1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85?
the distinctive characters of the men—to be more
or less magnificent in proportion to the greater or
less abilities, or the higher or lower esteem in
which the individuals were held by the people?
And this to be done by authority of Congress?
Let there be no distinction; he ihanked God there
was no distinction in that burial ground. There
was a perfect equality there, and a perfect equality
should remain. He did not stand here to say one
word of the merits and of the esteem in which the
friends of this statesman held his memory, but he
protested against drawing this distinction between
deceased members of Congress.
Mr. J0HJ\30N, of Tennessee, moved the fol-
lowing as an amendment to the resolution:
And that the Committee on Accounts he, and they are
hereby, in.-otructed to report to this Houjp the entire funeral
?xpensfs of the late Hon. John Quiney Adams, and the items
composing the same.
Mr. VINTON called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER protein, stated that the morning
hour had not expired.
Mr. JOHNSON said it seemed to him that this
thing had been persisted in long enough. When
they came to examine the history of monuments,
funeral processions, and appropriations made by
this House for purposes of this description, it
seemed to him that the great mass of the people,
that the laborers, the tax payers, and those who
bore the burdens and expenses of the Government
ought to be informed how their money was appro-
priated. If members of Congress, or individuals
occupying any other important public station, ren-
dered meritorious or distinguished services, the
country would duly appreciate them; they would
occupy a place in the minds and hearts of their
countrymen which the appropriation of dollars or
the erection of monuments could not give in this
country. It seemed proof to some extent that
something was wanting in the individual when we
saw the effort made on the part of legislative bodies
to erect spires and monuments to impress the minds
of the people.
- Mr. VINTON again called for the orders of the
day, and moved that the House resolve itself into
Committee of'the Whole on the state of the
Union/ -
The resolution accordingly wentover till to-mor-
row, Mr. Johnson retaining his right to the floor
upon it.
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired if the post
route bill was not first in order, the question pend-
ing on the motion to reconsider being a privileged
question ?
The SPEAKER pro tem. stated that the motion
to suspend the rules to go into committee was in
order; if it did not prevail, the postroute bill would
be first in order.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House, on-motion of Mr. VINTON, re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of Government for the year
endmg .Tune 30,1849, and for other purposes.
Mr. LINCOLN delivered a speech on the subject
of internal improvements, in the course of which
he argued in opposition to doctrines advanced on
this subject in the President's veto message.
Mr. WlCK next obtained the floor, and from
the ttibune proceeded, in a speech of forty-five
minutes, to support the Baltimoie platform as it j
respects the power of Congress to legislate for !
Territories, and on other topics. [Mr. W.'s speech j
will be found in the Appendix.] ;
Mr. HUDSON also spoke through his hour on
the subject of the power of the General Govern-
ment over slavery in the new Territories. To-
wards the close of Mr. Hudson's speech—
Mr. LAHM wished to ask the gentleman this
question: entertaining the views the gentleman
had expressed on the subject of slavery, would he
vote for General Tayloi for President?
Mr. HUDSON would answer the gentleman
very cheerfully. The gentleman, he presumed, j
well understood that there were two classes of men
devoted to the institution of slavery in this coun-
try: a class of men from the South, who, )>orn
wnh the institution about them, and all their early
associationsconnected with it, had reconciled them-
selves to it, and saw less evils in it than noith-
ern men were supposed to see, although he believed
all men must admit it to be a calamity.
Here the hammer fell and the hour expired; but
.Mr. Ficklin having obtained the floor, yielded it
to—
Mr, HUDSON, who (in continuation of his
reply) said there was another class from the North
who were often known as dough-faces, who re-
garded the institution precisely as he did, but who,
nevertheless, for the sake of the loaves and fishes,
were willing to b@w to the slave power, to the
slave institutions—to do anything and everything
for the purpose of getting promotion. Now, if he
was Ctilled upon to select between men of that
description, if he was compelled to give his vote
for either, he should vote for General Taylor in
preference to General Cass, just as he would
vote for an honest man in preference to a hypro-
critel
Mr. FICKLINfollowed Mr. HuD&ONinaspeech
of about forty minutes, chirfly in reply to Messrs.
Lincoln and Hudson. [These several speeches
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HJLL1ARD then obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise; which was not
agreed to.
Mr. H. said his object in obtaining the floor was
to makean explanation of some amendments which
he designed to offer, for which the five minutes
allowed by the rule would not be sufficient. He
should at the same time make some observations
on some provisions of the bill, but he would prefer
making his explanations and observations to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. ASHMUN suggested that there were other
gentleman who desired to speak on this bill, and
he hoped the gentleman from Alabama would allow
them to go on with their general orations, and he
would have ample time hereafter to make any ex-
planation he might desire to make.
Mr. HiLLlARD was quite willing to allow any
other gentleman to proceed, though he should pre-
fer that the committee should use, so that he
could speak on the merits of the bill to-morrow
morning. There was other business with which
the House could occupy itself for the residue of
this day. Amongst other undisposed of measures
was the post route bill, which might be acted upon;
and he would therefore again move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to,-and the committee
rose and reported progress.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House yesterday changed the hour
of meeting from 11 to 10 o'clock. Instead of saving
the time of the House, he was satisfied tha tby
that resolution a contrary effect would be produced,
or at least that no more business would be done;
for when were jhe committees to meet? The
House must be aware that the bills which came
from the Senate had to be referred to committees,
and the committees had also before them much
business of the House, which they could not attend
to if this House should persist in meeting at 10
o'clock.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER remarked that if the House
did not wish the committees to sit, he desired it to
say so by the adoption of the motion of the gen-
tleman fiom Georgia. On that motion he asked
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB rose to a point of order, and con-
tended 'that the motion of the gentleman from Ver-
mont was made too late, inasmuch as the order
which the House-made yesterday had been in part
executed. If the House should now reconsider
that resolution, what, he asked, would be its effect
on the proceedings of the House from ten to eleven
o'clock this morning? If it was desired to change
the time of meeting, the House could do it without
reconsidering the resolution adopted yesterday by
the introduction of another.
Thd SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and it was negatived: Yeas 54,
nays 75.
• The resolution was then reconsidered.
Mr. McKAY rose and said hedesired to move an
amendment to the resolution to provide for a recess
each day. ["No, no, no."]
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
lay the resolution on the table. Agreed to.
The effect of this proceeding is, that the House
will meet at the hour of eleven until otherwise
ordered.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COtUMBlA.
Mr. VENA-BLE rose and said thata bill was
introduced yesterday, by unanimous consent, to
repeal the first section of an act concerning: the
District of Columbia, approved February 27, 3801,
and all other acts and parts of acts that in any
manner interfere with, regulate, or sustain the
institution of slavery in the said District. The
object of that bill was to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, and if he had been aware of
the introduction of the bill at the time, he should
have objected to it. He now moved a reconsider-
ation, for the purpose of saying that he hoped the
Committee for the District of Columbia would
speedily brins: it before the House. Although he
did not think they had any jurisdiction over the
subject to which the bill related, yet he was willing
to meet it, and prepared to meet it, rather than that
it should lie in the committee-room unacted on.
He then withdrew the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FARRELLY rose to inquire if the House
had not rescinded the resolution adopted yesterday
fixing the hour of meeting at ten o'clock?
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. FARRELLY then said, when the House
adopted the resolution to meet at ten o'clock, that
vote was an abrogation of the earlier resolution
fixing eleven o'clock; and, as the resolution to
meet at ten had been rescinded, there was no time
fixed; and he desired to know when the House was
to meet to-morrow. ["The House is adjourned
bine die."] He asked if there was any resolution
which bound the House to meet at any hour.
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. WHITE, without waiting for the question
to be answered, moved that the House take from
the Speaker's table, and act upon, the widows'
pension hill.
Mr. STEPHENS moved an adjournment, which
was carried; and the House adjourned to eleven
o'clock, to-morrow morning.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 20, 1843.
Mr. FELCH presented the credentials of Mr.
Thomas Fitzgerald, appointed by the Governor
of Michigan to supply the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Mr. Cass.
Mr. FITZGERALD, after having been duly
qualified, took his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, made
in compliance with a resolution of the 15ih instant,
calling for the number of recruits enlisted within
the last ninety days, for during the war with Mex-
ico.
[The Adjutant General reports the number of
reeuiat- recruits at 1,233, and the volunteers at
1,246, making a total of 2,479.]
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from Em-
ily Maria Pinkney, infant daughter of Commander
Pinkney, who was drowned atTuspan on the 15th
of May last; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
[The memorial is in thehandwiitingof Miss Pink-
ney, and sets forth that she is nine years old, and
that her father was drowned in the execution of
his duty; and that, having lost her mother, she is
thereby cut off from the support which the law
allows only to widows, and she asks that Congress
will pass a special act for her relief.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a me-
morial from Margaret Deveal and Littleton Bailey,
asking the confirmation of their titles to tracts of
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
I Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
I brary, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
| presentation to the Government of France of a
j series of the standard weightsand measures of the
United States.
On motion ofMr. P., the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the resolution; and, after having
been explained, irwas read a first and second time,
was ordered to be engrossed, and was subsequently-
read a third time, by unanimous consent, and.
